I promise yesterday I was going to show
you pictures of the Obama library and
they are just incredible so here are
some of the pictures of the Obama
library okay this is Obama was approved
this this library really it looks like
for those who can't see it are just
listening it looks like
gonk from Star Wars Episode four I
remember the robot with the feet that
kind of walks around yeah there there's
gonk right so it kind of looks like that
alright so it looks like gunk from it
looks like a Chinese food takeout box
that was open and then left in the Sun
and it's it's it's this weirdly
Orwellian looking building it's supposed
to symbolize four hands coming together
which I don't understand at all I don't
understand how this is hands it looks
like just a weird building that looks
like a tower off the off the side of the
Death Star and it really does and and
then it has a sport center so people can
play sports at the Obama Presidential
Library and it's supposed to overlook a
walkway outside so that you can look
down on all the little people it really
is an amazing thing now here's what it
says about Obama look look how hideous
this is I mean this is just hideous crap
if you look at the Bush Presidential
Library it's kind of a classy looking
building if you look at any of the old
presidential libraries they're all nice
looking the Nixon Presidential Library
is beautiful the Ronald Reagan
Presidential Library is beautiful this
is just a hideous eyesore that
apparently is being built by modernists
and those modernists do not know how to
build anything remotely interesting
looking it looks like it looks like a
Soviet block or a modernist art piece
just ugly is all sin my goodness
gracious
and then my understanding is that this
weird segment on the on the corner is
supposed to be words now I can't
actually read any of those words because
I think they only use the top half of
the letters but it's supposed to
emphasize how important were how
important words were to Obama which
makes perfect sense because the guys
sucked at governing so words were the
only thing that he was good at here's
the part that I find really interesting
so in 2011 he said he wanted to be an
architect did Obama so he said when I
was younger there was a time I dreamed
of being an architect so as you might
guess I've been pretty hands-on on the
plans for the summer and Michelle has
too so Obama who thinks he's an
architect helps come up with the plans
for this hideous hideous monstrosity
that's not a shock because you remember
and
thousand ad said I think I'm better
speechwriter than my speech record I
know more about policies on any
particular issue and my policy directors
and I'll tell you right now I'm gonna
think I'm a better political director
than my political director it was that
sort of arrogance and self-centeredness
that led him to being a bad president he
was not better at any of these things
than the people he delegated to and he
is not a better architect than my one
and a half year old child who can at
least build a box out of magna tiles hey
this is hideous crap and it's it's
fitting for a hideous presidency so
there you have it just ugly ugly ugly I
don't know it is about Democrats and
ugly presidential libraries here's a
picture of the Clinton Presidential
Library
it's grab that one this has been mocked
for years because it looks like a
double-wide trailer it's a very weird
looking Presidential Library in fact I
know a local radio host in Arkansas who
went and stuck a bunch of pink flamingos
in front of it as a prank because it
looks like a double-wide trailer it's
the I don't know why maybe maybe only
the Republicans are capable of building
beautiful presidential libraries because
this one is just there they're all ugly
ugly
