over the weekend I got to see Jumanji it
is fun
okay it's not Citizen Kane it's not
meant to be Citizen Kane it is very
funny I was actually kind of shocked
that they didn't use the rock in more
comedic ways the people who are actually
funny in this in this film are Jack
Black and Kevin Hart Jack Black is very
funny he basically the basic premise of
the film is that there are these four
teenagers who entered the game Jumanji
if you remember the original Jumanji it
was the opposite right it was it was
Robin Williams pops out of the game and
so do all the animals and is freaking
out the kids and I remember it was
pitched as a kid-friendly film the
original Jumanji and I when I saw it and
I was like eight it freaked the living
crap out of me right it's actual very
freaky film this one is obviously
pitched to people who are like sixteen
years old 15 and a episodes it is pg-13
and it should be pg-13 so in any case
here is a little bit of preview welcome
to detention Spencer that's a fridge
Martha you're all here for a reason you
should be thinking about who you are and
who you want to pay you'll have plenty
of time to figure that out while you're
cleaning out the basement
are you gonna help are you - pretty I'm
too pretty
yeah what's this a game for those who
seek to find a way to leave their world
behind Jumanji pick a character and
you're that person in the game we're
okay
I don't think it matters that much oops
pinball sounds like it better there I'll
be the curvy genius dr. smolder brave
stuff guess on Ruby Roundhouse
yeah it's not spoiling anything but the
funny thing is the characters didn't
have it so the the big black football
player ends up being Kevin Hart right
tiny and the nerd ends up being being
the join the rock Johnson and then of
course the big surprise is that the the
hot blonde chick ends up being Jack
Black right and so the entire film Jack
Black is basically channeling a teenage
girl and it's and it is quite funny so
the movies really enjoyable I saw with
my wife it's it's a good way to lose a
couple of hours it is it is it's got its
moments it definitely has its moments
you know I I feel I always feel this
with comedies Thurber I see a comedy I
feel like they couldn't gotten a little
bit more from it but you get enough from
it that you're that you're pretty
pleased with it so it's pretty it's
pretty funny so check it out Jumanji
worth seeing Dwayne the rock Johnson
only makes films that are that are funny
and interesting actually I actually I
have to say I've become a big fan of the
rock okay I will even watch Central
Intelligence and think that's a good
movie because I think that Dwayne the
rock Johnson is very funny human
