I was 100% of the television audience
last night for the Golden Globes and
this was really awful I usually have to
cover this stuff for the Daily wire the
under Clavin show or something this was
the worst most insufferable awards show
that I have ever seen it was last night
you would expect after a year of
Hollywood being ripped to shreds all of
them being exposed as enabling corrupt
corrosive sexually deviant monsters and
hypocrites you'd expect they might be a
little repentant they might be a little
penitent and you know sorry Mia culpa
keep their mouths shut
absolutely not what they did what they
did was so brave last night they wore I
don't know if you saw there was a why we
wear black that was the hash tag these
people are so brave they wore black
clothing to a black-tie event that's a
round of applause such it brings a tear
to my eye oh and I think they wore black
to a formal event in the evening it's
just under industry or their city or
they didn't even really apologize they
just they wore black well done everybody
it was so so brave it was really
disingenuous too there were all of these
speeches and all of the the red carpet
and everything but it all came off as
disingenuous even Reese Witherspoon
introduced Oprah Winfrey she was winning
a big prize a big honorary award and the
whole performance was very saccharine it
was and it wasn't believable you would
think that the best and most famous
actors in the world would be believable
at an industry event but they weren't
ironically there were these terrible
performances I think the reason for that
is they gave up their glamor they gave
up their claims to glamour the only
reason people watch these award shows is
for the glitz and the glamour and
they're wearing a gazillion dollars of
jewelry and gold and and dresses and
things like that but they gave that away
and this has been going on for decades
but it's gotten a much worse in the last
10 years now they just complain they
just whine and complain and it takes all
the glamour out of it
