welcome to Monday if you take a look at
your favorite news source today you'll
notice a very bizarre phenomenon there's
no bad news in America
nobody's depressed the economy is doing
well Isis is in retreat no one is
abusing the organs of government to get
at ordinary sidon citizens the way Obama
did with the IRS crime is down taxes are
down so of course the media spent the
weekend attacking the President of the
United States here's what the media
knows about Donald Trump so far Donald
Trump never wanted to be President
that's why he colluded with Russia to
become president because he wanted it so
badly though he didn't want it this
shows that Donald Trump is mentally
unbalanced and in support of that we
have the reliable testimony of left
wingers dressed up his vagina's and
screaming at the sky the press has been
totally fair to Donald Trump and if
anyone says they haven't
they'll be shouted down cut off and
escorted out of the studio and Donald
Trump is stupid and stupidly defeated
every candidate who opposed him and then
stupidly defeated the most qualified
person ever to run for president because
that's how stupid he was he didn't even
know that she was smarter than he was
and supposed to win now when it comes to
Trump's morals of course who better to
speak about morality than Hollywood last
night at the Golden Globes all the women
who knew that Harvey Weinstein was a
sexual predator and continually covered
up for him dressed in black at the
Golden Globes to protest the fact that
they covered up for Harvey Weinstein
they now demand that they stop doing
that which is why they're wearing those
fetching black gowns so the news media
that attacks Trump's honesty is talking
complete nonsense the entertainment
industry that attacks Trump's morals has
no morals and the resistance that
attacks Trump's mental stability is
dressed up as a vagina like I said
welcome to Monday there's no bad news
trigger warning I'm Andrew Clavin and
this is the Andrew Clavin show
this weekend was absolutely hilarious I
mean I think it is a wonderful thing to
watch the left continually firing
torpedoes at Donald Trump and then their
ship sinks as they congratulate
themselves on what wonderful torpedoes
they fired at Donald Trump I mean Trump
Trump put out this tweet you know
they're attacking because of this stupid
book that Michael Wolfe book they're
attacking Trump's mental stability even
though they admit the book is complete
nonsense
they're attacking Trump's mental
stability in talking about the 25th
amendment should he be removed for
office so Trump tweets throughout my
life my two greatest assets have been
mental stability and being like really
smart crooked Hillary Clinton also
played these cards very hard and as
everyone knows went down in flames
I went from very successful businessman
to top TV star to president even of the
United States on my first try I think
that would qualify as not smart but
genius and a very stable genius of that
so the press of course went nuts right
and they kept and it's this thing that
Trump does to them they go oh my god
Trump is tweeting that he's a stable
genius he's no stable genius Trump he's
no stable Trump genius he's no genius
Trump genius genius genius genius stable
Trump genius genius by the time you're
finished you think that oh yeah what do
I know about that oh yeah he said he's a
stable genius blowing themselves up
anyway we're gonna look at the fact that
we are living now in an almost
completely imaginary America or at least
half of us are and that that Donald
Trump the guy who's supposed to be the
phony
and is kind of in some ways you know
this this reality TV star
he is the guy who's actually getting
real stuff done but but that doesn't
should not stop you from subscribing to
the daily wire before Tuesday January
16th we
next Tuesday right that's next Tuesday
because guess what happens then the
conversation returns 5:00 p.m. Eastern
like you're rolling up so fast now I
have to calculate what 5 p.m. Eastern is
is 5 p.m. Pacific it's the fifth episode
of the conversation who will be there me
I will be there with Alicia Krause
answering all your questions not only
will I answer your questions about life
mysteries with a 100% accuracy but
you'll also have a special edition of
the conversation to cling to during the
long cold clayvin this weekend the
conversation will stream live on The
Daily wire Facebook page and the daily
wire YouTube channel and will be free
for everyone to watch but only
subscribers get to ask the questions so
if you don't subscribe you're gonna be
sitting there staring at me thinking oh
my god that man could be answering my
questions all my problems could be
solved but I didn't spend a lousy 10
bucks a month who do we take to get to
ask the questions here's what you do if
you are a subscriber you log in log in
to the website daily wire.com watch the
live stream head over to the
conversation page and after that just
start typing into the daily wired chat
box and we'll pull live questions out as
they come in once again subscribe to get
your questions answered by me on Tuesday
January 16th at 5 p.m. Eastern 2 p.m.
Pacific join the conversation with me
and while you are doing that you might
want to get some Bolin Branch sheets the
reason I say this is because as you know
I never sleep this is just true you know
ice but I do
I don't sleep but I do go to bed and I
go to bed and I read and in order to do
that you really have to have comfortable
sheets you really have to have a
comfortable bed if you don't sleep if
you sleep it's no problem you know I
mean then you need the comfortable
sheets cuz they help you to fall asleep
but once you're asleep you're not
enjoying them anymore
I enjoy my Bolin branch oh these things
last all night brother and I know
because I am there and the reason is
that they are made of a hundred percent
organic cotton and that means Bolin
branch eats not only feel incredible
they look amazing and they have this
weird thing as they get softer and
cooler as you wash them so as you keep
them they actually become more and more
comfortable and since bolin branch sells
exclusively online you're not paying the
expensive retail market so that's half
the price for twice the quality you will
love
Sheetz and if you try them for 30 nights
and you don't love them you can return
them for a full refund anyone who sleeps
on Boland branch sheets love them and
even me
who doesn't sleep on them just lies on
them I love them tooth out they get
thousands of five-star reviews the New
York Times a former newspaper Forbes and
The Wall Street Journal all rave about
them and even three u.s. presidents have
bull and branch sheets go to Boland
branch calm today and you'll get $50 off
your first set of sheets plus free
shipping in the US when you use the
promo code Clavin that's que la VA n for
50 bucks off plus free us shipping right
now at bowl and branch com that's bol L
and branch com promo code Clavin bowl
and branch com promo code Clavin if you
are like me you will stay up and you
will think gosh I'm comfortable all
night long it's great so you know Nick
Kristof a left-wing calm this
knucklehead row at the New York Times a
former newspaper wrote this column over
the weekend he said he's only gonna do
this once because he knows people hate
it because everything's so terrible
everything is awful oh my gosh Donald
Trump everything's night Mary I know he
wants you wanted him to be hysterical
but he just pointed out where to me the
2017 was the greatest year in human
history and this is true it is
absolutely true people here's here's
what let me read Chris know what
Christoph says every day the number of
people around the world living in
extreme poverty which is less than about
$2 a day goes down by two hundred and
seventeen thousand people according to
calculations by Max Rosa an Oxford
University economist who runs a website
called our world and data every day
three hundred and twenty five thousand
more people gain access to electricity
and 300,000 more people gain access to
clean drinking water this is going on
every single day right and there's a lot
of people and it's important obviously
if you're living in America you don't
know what it's like to live without
electricity to live without fresh water
but this this is what real poverty looks
like in the in the real world in America
we don't actually have poverty like that
what we have is people who are mentally
ill and nobody's taking care of them and
that's a bad thing but we don't have
poverty like that I mean you go to the
third world
and you will see what poverty looks like
300,000 people every day
who
at clean water this is a big deal as
recently as the 1960s Christy Christoph
goes on a majority of humans had always
been illiterate and lived in extreme
poverty now fewer than 15% are
illiterate fewer than 15% of the people
in the world are illiterate fewer than
10% live in extreme poverty in another
15 years illiteracy and extreme poverty
will be mostly gone this is thousands of
generations have gone by and they're
disappearing while you and I sit here
complaining about Harvey Weinstein this
is what's happening in real world just
since 1990 the law lives of more than a
hundred million children have been saved
by vaccinations diarrhea treatment
breastfeeding promotions and other
simple steps he goes on to say just you
know it has become it has become the
thing that's incredible is it used to be
that people got killed by the hordes
sweeping through and killing you and you
got killed because you starve to death
now I mean in America you're more likely
to die from being fat than you are to
die from being too thin and that's an
amazing amazing thing and all of this is
because of science is because of
free-market capitalism
it's because of the internet and the
communications that are improving
you know people can get education Sivan
in places where the Taliban won't let
them go to school it's an amazing moment
that we're living through and so what is
the press covering over the weekend what
is the press talking about because it
raises questions if there's actually no
bad news in America and of course
there's always bad news there's crime
there's a crime that's taking place or
in JFK and the airport in New York the
bad weather has everybody delayed and
there's always some kind of bad news but
I'm talking about endemic
institutionalized bad news if there's no
bad news if if we are actually making
America great again then the question
then becomes what's our greatness for
you know that's what we should be
talking about what do we do now what do
we do if we're free what do we do if
we're rich what do we do if things are
ok you know what what do we do well we
watch the Golden Globes and everybody
complains or Michael Wolff this very
very absurd journalist writes a book
about Donald Trump and we spend the
weekend talking about whether Donald
Trump is fit for office on the basis of
a book that everybody acknowledges is
absurd so I mean for this guy Michael
Wolfe he obviously thinks he's a very
important guy he he feels that this is
his he is unleashing this attack on the
White House and here he is unleashing
that attack
laughs okay well actually that was just
footage from the movie Independence Day
but the real laser would be a lot like
that yeah it would be it looks exactly
like Michael Wolfe the the resemblance
between Michael Wolfe and dr. evil is is
bizarre you never see the two of them at
the same place at the same time but
let's look at this is the sky he hangs
out and he gets all this gossip and
there's all this people saying you know
Trump is stupid Trump is crazy and now
he's going on and he is going to tell us
that that Trump is not fit to be
President so I guess this is cut number
seven right Donald Trump fit to be
President everything you've seen know
why not I mean it's essentially what the
story of the book is but but in in in
brief because you want to know because
he's only interested in not only is he
only interested in just himself he's
just interested in his immediate
gratification in this moment sir is
nothing beyond temperamentally aside is
he mentally fit to be President the
United States you know angst on
everything that you've heard from people
who were talking to someone you're like
I'm concerned about this person I think
this person is mentally ill do you have
concerns I speak to him you think this
is a wingnut okay so is Trump mentally
fit to be President no he was cut number
nine being asked the same question the
next day I did not say he's mentally
unstable I'd say I have merely described
and mostly not not my impressions the
impressions of other people of the
people he deals with you for this book
at all well I think he'd probably had no
idea he was speaking to me for this book
when I would meet the president in the
White House we would we would chat as
though we were friends and and that was
what were you to greet someone and say
hello I mean that's not it that's not a
journalistic expertise okay so that
that's who this guy is right he's got a
bunch of quotes
some people say they never said the
quotes
a lot of it comes from Steve Bannon who
also was the source on another book
called the devil's bargain where it was
how dumb Donald Trump is but Steve
Bannon pulled him together and now
Bannon is kind of in the you know in the
outhouse he's in the doghouse Nepal you
know trying to apologize but not really
apologizing he's done he's finished you
know he he not only was the guy silly
enough Bannon incompetent enough to lose
Alabama by backing a guy who couldn't
win a Republican who couldn't win in all
Republican Alabama but he was so
politically unaware that he thought he
could maintain his his powerful stance
while alienating his one friend the one
the one thing they gave him power which
was the friendship of Donald Trump no
but this is the that's not the important
thing the important thing I would want
to deal with is reality versus fantasy
the reality of the world were living in
which is getting continually better
things are getting better in America
particularly the economy is booming you
know we're really doing quite well Trump
has had a very very consequential very
successful first year he's looking
forward to kind of more bipartisan stuff
he's he's making some overtures on the
dreamers and saying yes if you'll deal
with me on the wall I'll deal with you
on the dreamers so he's he's looking to
try and bring the Democrats out from the
resistance idea which I don't think
people like I mean they're donors like
it but I don't think the ordinary people
like it and say come on let's get some
stuff done together you like
infrastructure you're always big on
infrastructure let's do some of that
that's that's what's really happening
but now we're talking about this book
and I want to show you Maggie Haberman
now and we'll get to the Jake Tapper of
disaster of an interview in a minute but
but Maggie Haberman is a woman who we
know is a Clinton operative the Clinton
campaign said in the emails that were
exposed by WikiLeaks they said anytime
we want to place a good story we know we
can go to Maggie Haberman we she was I
guess she was at Politico at the time we
know we can go to Maggie Haberman she
will reliably place our stories for us
so we know she's a Clinton operative so
the New York Times a former newspaper
hired her to cover the White House
that's that's who the New York Times is
right they relentlessly they
relentlessly search for truth as they
say so here's Maggie Haberman
comment on this book listen carefully to
what she says I believe parts of it and
then there are other parts that are
factually wrong I mean the thing about
Michael Wolfe and his style which
apparently nobody
the white house appears to have done a
cursory Google search on him and what
his MO is but he believes he deals in
larger truths and narratives so he
creates a narrative that is notionally
true that conceptually true the details
are often wrong and I can I can see
several places in the book that are
wrong such as I mean if you have an
example um so for instance I mean he
inaccurately describes a report in the
New York Times he inaccurately
characterizes a couple of incidents that
took place early on in the
administration he gets basic details
wrong he inaccurately reported that we
reported the substance of the dossier
correct he inaccurate he described in
the book Rupert Murdoch's quote an
expletive idiot about Trump and then in
his own column a day later it was
expletive moron see that's swappi
right the stuff about the CNN dossier
that is public knowledge ii didn't
publish right he says they did that's
that's one one fact check away from
getting it right but it doesn't do it he
does more he doesn't do anything else it
wasn't caring I mean if Michael Wolfe
and Donald Trump are not just similar
people right I mean there is a reason
they knew each other before the
president became the president will
privately refers to him as Donald not
not Trump heard of the president and so
forth and so there there there is some
kind of a similar style there so it's
Trump's fault that this guy's lying
about him he's like this guy's a liar
just like Donald Trump you know this is
his Maggie Haberman Clinton operative
who working for the New York Times under
the guise of being a good reporter and
then talk and she talks to Trump all the
time she does he does sit down and talk
to really likes her so so it's
notionally true it's a larger narrative
and we've heard this a lot from the
press recently right remember dan Rather
it's fake but accurate the documents on
he had on george w bush well they were
fake but the story was true and then we
had newsweek editor evan thomas which
was my favorite quote was the rape case
what's the name of the college but oh
yeah so my mind but obviously there's a
completely phony rape case and evan
thomas said well we got the facts wrong
but we got the narrative right now this
is something i know about because this
is called writing fiction i mean i do
this all the time i write it the story
it's completely untrue
you guys were good enough to turn up for
the what is it the 11th episode of
another kingdom over the weekend we
brought out the 11th episode on friday
we've got two episodes left
really enjoying this it's fiction it's
about dragons and ogres and conspiracies
and all this stuff but I hope that there
is a truth a greater truth in there
that's called fiction news is where you
assemble the facts and you let time
develop the narrative you let time draw
the narrative out of the facts that's
how news works that's how history works
these guys have got these two confused
and so and so you have this this episode
with Stephen Miller and Jake Tapper and
Jake Tapper to me is like the saddest
man in America at this point Jake Tapper
actually used to be a decent journalist
and now he's on CNN which does nothing
all day long but manufacture this
narrative that's all they do they get
things wrong they apologize but as long
as they're wrong against Donald Trump
it's fine they get him wrong it's
constant constant lack of any any
journalistic credibility and there's
poor Jake and Jake Lex and he's know his
ratings are in the toilet
he must wake up every morning I think
what became of me oh yes he's shaving
like he must look in the mirror and
think what on earth became of Jake
Tapper I used to be I used to be
somebody and now I sit here on CNN so
they bring on Stephen Miller who is
essentially this attack dog for Trump
he's very good at it I always enjoy
watching him he's eloquent and he's
informed and he's aggressive and he goes
after these people so he goes on and
he's he's basically saying this is a
work of fiction this has nothing to do
with anything
Steve Bannon never had anything to do
with the presidency and and tapper is
left in the position of defending this
completely dishonest Network CNN which
is now just a 24/7 you know factory of
fake news sofas so that he's yelling as
Stephen Miller who is obviously a
partisan spokesman right that's I mean
don't bring him on if that's not what
you want to hear and so they start
yelling at each other and they claim
that they escort Miller out afterwards
that he wouldn't leave the studio and
they escort I don't know if that's true
or not but but the whole thing is that
now on CNN when somebody starts
introducing another point of view this
is what happens to him they cut him off
they shut down they go to commercial
they throw him out so it's like it's not
only I mean they might as well take
tapper and Don Lemon might as well just
put their fingers in their ears and
whistle Dixie you know I'm not gonna
hear it I'm not gonna hear it and it's
embarrassing I mean this is an
embarrassing exchange between these two
grown men all these so-called political
geniuses in Washington whether it be it
the big lobbying firms or in the last
week is the president but when she
because happens to be a true statement
okay it's self-made billionaire who
revolutionize reality TV and the court
is happy that you said that but no no
you might be condescending and it's been
kind of sending i'm bannin you can be
conscious that knows a snide remark you
sure he's watching he's happy let me
tell you something why is every network
you can look you can be as condescending
as you want it's part of your mo but
listen you can have 24/7 I have no idea
why your time Jake you can have a how
many voices the president's travel ban
look so glad you brought that up because
that's one of the favorite news I even
in the book Stephen I would happen to
know better than you would Jake about
the how the travel ban was written let
me bid on Steve bans didn't push the
travel would let me see if you let me
know because you have president when T
four hours of negative anti-trump
hysterical coverage on this network that
led in recent weeks is some spectacular
embarrassing false report I think the
fuckin answer T knows that yours are
entitled I have my three months of the
truth why don't you just give me three
minutes to tell you the truth about
Donald Trump that I know and in all of
our campaigns because no I show and I
don't want to do that it's a balk show
and I don't want to do that so there and
you can take your news and get out of
might yeah I mean this is this is absurd
it's it is the fact that they are
creating a narrative without any regard
to facts makes guys like Miller I mean
look I'm not I like Miller because he's
entertaining I mean I'm here to be
entertained so I like Stephen Miller but
it makes him look better in some ways
than he is because anybody he brought up
a substantive issue the travel ban what
was bannon's role in it he won't let him
address it he won't let him address
anything he's the same thing if you
watch Don Lemon net Don Lemon now just
starts shouting no no
know when any ever anybody points out
that Obama was a genuinely bad president
when anybody points it out Don Lemon
just starts shouting and throws you off
you know throws you off the air and this
is now Jake Tapper once a journalist has
become Don Lemon I mean this is a false
become CNN just turns everybody into its
itself so now we go over to the Golden
Globe we're gonna bring Michael Mol's on
in a couple of minutes to talk about the
Golden Globes and also this this thing
about Trump being crazy and he's not fit
for office and all this but I have to
address the Golden Globes a little first
too because what happened yesterday at
the Golden Globes was a group of women
who covered up for Harvey Weinstein
showed up dressed in black to demand
that people stop covering up for people
like Harvey Weinstein and it was capped
I mean so the the perpetrators showed up
to protest the perpetration you know the
poo the criminals showed up to prevent
protest the criminality and at the end
of it all the candidate for president
the Democrat candidate for president for
2020 Oprah Winfrey stood up and made
this rousing speech about how you know
it's like watching her win an award
today is like watching Sidney Poitier
win an award 50 years ago
how you know being a woman being raped
today in 1940 or whatever it was is
exactly the same as as it was as it
would be today I mean it's just like she
talked about a woman who was raped in
1944 in Alabama black woman raped in in
in Alabama in 1944 judges just like
Hollywood today and she says she edit
the conclusion of the speech she says I
want all the girls watching here now to
know that a new day is on the horizon
and when that new day finally dawns it
will be cooked because a lot of them at
a lot of magnificent women many of whom
are right here in this room tonight now
every word of that is nonsense every
word of it is nonsense every single word
of it is nonsense women are not
oppressed in America there's not they're
not oppressed at all in America and if
change comes which is kind of doubtful
in Hollywood but if it does it's not
kind of anything to do with the women
who are in that room it's not because
because none of them did anything they
stood by and did nothing
let's just hear just a
bit of of Oprah's speech and this is how
you know she's running for president on
a Democrat ticket because listen to her
speech
it's a Democrat platform you get a car
you get a car vote for me you get a car
you get a turkey in every pot and now
you know vote for me let's hear the real
stop kidding around back there Austin
and play the real speed the press is
under siege these days but we also know
that it is the insatiable dedication to
uncovering the absolute truth that keeps
us from turning a blind eye to
corruption and to injustice to victims
and secrets and lies I want to say that
I value the press more than ever before
as we try to navigate these complicated
times which brings me to this what I
know for sure is that speaking your
truth is the most powerful tool we all
have speak your truth and that is what
the press is doing there it is speaking
its truth unfortunately not speaking the
truth see the thing is Donald Trump is
in some sense himself a product of this
culture he is a product of the culture
in which the narrative matters more than
the facts that's how he won the
presidency he didn't go out there like
spewing you know facts and figures and
destroy Ted Cruz on the issues he went
out there and created an impression of
strength he created an impression of
power he created an impression of
competence and he won the only thing
that has been a surprise has been a
surprise to me is that he is actually
delivered he has shown strength
competence he has actually done a lot of
the things that I would have liked to
have seen him do that I never would have
expected him to do so now Trump even
though he is himself a product of this
fake world and in one on these fake
terms he has shown himself to be a
competent guy what is the press gonna do
with this Oprah Winfrey she's just an
illusion so far she's just an illusion
so the thing about you know people say
well Donald Trump is not Ronald Reagan
Ronald Reagan had class that's true
but Reagan was created by a culture that
had class Trump was created by this
culture it's not his fault
that we've sunk this low anyway my point
is simply this my point is simply this
the left the news media the
entertainment media which are now one
thing are living in an imaginary
universe in the real universe things are
going exceptionally well that was until
now because now we're about to bring on
Michel Noel's but before we do I got to
say goodbye to Facebook and YouTube
please come over to the Daily wired.com
and subscribe so you can be in the
conversation on next Tuesday when I will
be answering all your questions so we're
talking so we're talking about
instability and mental deficits and I
think that's the Noles is the perfect
person I am the star the heartthrob star
of another Kingdom which is coming
winding up to the end of the show that
is it's we're almost at the end now I'm
certain this is the last roll I'll ever
get in Hollywood I got in some trouble
for making fun of the Golden Globes last
night you were under fire big time I was
under fire I got this was unbelievable a
lot of Hollywood stars with the blue
checkmarks they would begin a
conversation by insulting me then I
would be respectful and we would talk
and then they would end the conversation
and then block me and I'd like a
relationship I think that's what
Hollywood is doing to all of America
there's like Jake Tapper they want to
put their fingers in their ears
absolutely what they're doing yes so you
know you'll have to tune into another
Kingdom truly it's the last time I'll
ever get to perform it is wrapping up
we're now at the most exciting part yeah
and it gets pretty gory and a lot of
things that even I didn't expect as I
was performing this you know I don't
have to take a break and say oh wait a
minute I can't believe that just
happened
yeah just two episodes left a very very
exciting spin really it's been a delight
I hope we do another one next year I'll
order this it's now this year I hope we
do another one this fall cuz I just had
a great time doing it also if the films
and product that were being awarded at
the Golden Globes or any indication well
I think we're putting out the best art
in Hollywood of the year and we do it
without abusing any women don't take any
women come near so you did watch the
Golden Globes I mean give me a quick run
there it was truly that I always say
that you know I'm a martyr I'm taking
this on so you don't have to watch it
this was the single most insufferable
award show I have ever seen in my life
amazing this in during this awards show
as Hollywood lays in ruins as these
people's reputations or as ruins as we
have photos of Oprah kissing Harvey
Weinstein Meryl Streep kissing Harvey
Weinstein oh love you hugs hugs and
kisses they're all exposed as a salient
and enabler it's an lecherous monsters
yeah they get up on stage and lecture us
they lecture the Donald Trump they
lecture America and regular people you
know in that little sliver between New
York and LA it was the sanctimony
increased the smugness somehow increased
there was only one good line I thought
of the night where they asked Denzel
Washington on the red carpet they said
so is this the moment Hollywood's gonna
change they said yeah we'll see about
that
really it is absurd you know you know
what it kind of is though it's kind of
like it's kind of feminizing everything
in the worst possible way I mean if you
said that our culture was becoming
feminine and that it was becoming more
nurturing or kind or something like that
it would be great but what it really is
is the way women when they get
irrational just think that their
feelings state is sacred and you say
like that's not actually happening well
that's the way I feel that's what that's
what we're dealing with we're dealing
with an entire culture that thinks the
way they feel is the truth this was the
essence of Oprah's speech they said you
have to you have to speak your truth
yeah no more truth it was really amazing
yet nasty women cannot be glamorous and
so they've taken these shows that used
to be glitzy and glamorous that's the
only reason anyone would watch is to see
people dripping in diamonds the sort of
elegant on a stage and they've replaced
it with screaming political activists
and worked out really well for CNN or
for ESPN rather so so meanwhile now
we're supposed to believe that because
this guy wrote a book that everybody
acknowledges is untrue that Donald Trump
is nuts and one of the things that got
me I talked about this last week is that
they says in the book or he said no in
our
recall that Donald Trump keeps repeating
himself and he's kind of demented but we
see Donald Trump and virtually every day
he talks to the press off-the-cuff he
never does that stuff well you believe
your lying eyes over CNN prejudicial
Jake Tapper would throw me off his show
for them he would abso Kay okay you made
your good point for the only one oh my
guy I know I'm sorry to meander into the
the media so much here but that
interview was so glib and so smug and so
for me I get was he might as well have
been at the Golden Globes is this a new
thing though is it a new thing for
people to say the president is nuts this
attack comes back time and time again I
people kind of forget this I think
because we have this hindsight of Ronald
Reagan everybody loved Ronald Reagan he
was this great unifying figure obviously
in retrospect the last republican is
always a great guy it's only the new
Republican who's awful but we know it
always comes back to Yale all of this
craziness and there was that yell
psychiatrist who said that Donald Trump
is so crazy he could lead to the
extinction of the human race he's a
stable guy but you know this harkens
back to the Goldwater rule
so during Barry Goldwater's run for the
president there were over a thousand
psychiatrists who signed a little
petition saying that he was mentally
unstable to run for office and this has
happened time and time again with Ronald
Reagan first of all his party was
against him in 1984 the RNC had a little
sticker on one of their office doors
that said the signup for the 1984 Bush
for president campaign the a survey in
1976 found that 90% of Republican state
chairman judged Reagan to be simple to
be simple-minded he had you know that he
had no experience in foreign affairs no
depth in government administration sound
familiar it there was a study in 1980
that 475 national and state Republican
chairman they found they preferred Bush
one state chairman said that Reagan's
intellect was thinner than spit on a
slate rock that's just the Republicans
who said
probably he's talking about yeah he was
mocked repeatedly for being senile out
of his mind because he confused Pakistan
with Afghanistan he once said that tree
has contributed 93% of the world's
nitrous oxide he said there was more oil
in Alaska than in Saudi Arabia which
we're about to find out neither we like
it anymore so the jury is still out the
evening independent ran a piece about
him in 1984 said who will show up the
Gipper or the Geezer the same stumbling
off an incoherent Reagan scene in the
Louisville debate geriatric actor even
if he finesses Sunday's test there is a
disquieting question have his image
makers been hiding the genuine Reagan
Wow they would lay up little jokes you
know Michael Deaver Ronald Reagan
himself would make jokes about falling
asleep in cabinet meetings like and they
would play this up as gospel truth and
and it's you know what's going on and on
and on so they said this about Quayle
yeah well you know George W or George HW
Bush's vice president like who now
everyone says is a perfectly smart
normal guy he said he was a mental
midget incapable of the duties of the
office Jorah during the 2004 race john
kerry accused george w bush of being so
stupid that he bogged us down in war ii
said when you get bad grades you end up
in iraq all of these constant attacks
why do they do it why do they you'll
notice when when you look in the
mainstream media trump's an idiot bush's
an idiot even bush one kind of an
incompetent reagan's an idiot so on and
so they used to say there's been
eisenhower by the way who won world war
two i mean what do you have to do before
you get your smart card from the
democrats in it but what about all the
democrats obama genius genius he'll
clinton a genius yeah even Jimmy Carter
he's not a peanut farmer he's a
physicist he said he was too smart for
the office that's why he was so
incompetent yeah so why do they do it
it's because they've run out of
arguments so we've seen them try a few
different arguments on Trump we've seen
him try the that he he is only in it for
the rich he's only helping the rich
that's what this whole tax bill was
about but turns out that the vast
majority of Americans are getting a good
tax cut here that one didn't work he's
going to he's got a
finger he's going to attack every people
and launch missiles all over the world
that didn't happen he's handled Foreign
Affairs pretty well when they can't
engage in the debate when they can't
debate politics or political philosophy
they have to turn the conservative point
of view from a coherent political
philosophy into a weird psychological
tick and twitch that has to be corrected
through medicine and science rather than
engaging with the actual content of that
philosophy you know what's shocking too
is that you watch I mean I was sampling
you know CNN all through the weekend and
the scbs I mean George Stephanopoulos
actually said even if 50% of this book
is true it raises serious questions and
I thought actually if 50% of the book is
true their only question is why are we
talking about it because who knows which
50% it is that's it that's absurd if you
write a book that 50% false
you're to be ignored I mean right that's
not that's not a book that's worth
talking about why is it I mean there's
nobody on these shows not one person who
said you say this every time they did
say Eisenhower was stupid I mean you
either if you're a Republican you're
either stupid or evil
honey that's one of the things so I was
like Nixon was evil no one called Nixon
stupid he was evil so Eisenhower was
stupid Truman you know they even said
this about Truman and Truman was a
Democrat but he's kind of an on the
conservative side but but every every
single Deford remember Ford Chevy Chase
falling down tripping all over the on
Saturday Night Live why does nobody come
out and just say you do this every time
well I think the American people had
begun to realize that I think that's
what she's puller tuning out it's why
Steven biller was able to kind of make a
mockery of Jake Tapper and Jake Tapper
Flay it became a mean-girl
you know he said I'm this is my show Wow
and because you do see it every time you
see a Dick Cheney he what no one thought
he was stupid so he had to be evil
george w bush wasn't evil so we had to
be stupid and it's because if you stand
in the way of progress if you stand in
the way of a utopian vision a
progressive vision there are only two
explanations of that the future is so
clear we've seen the future and it works
as communist apologists choose to say
it's
the only two reasons that you would
impede progress or because you have bad
intentions or you are breathtakingly
stupid and they they couldn't consider
the possibility on the left that people
just disagree with them and there might
be other solutions ones that they've
thought about say they welcome all
diversity opinion until anybody
disagrees with them and then they're
shocked and an appalled
what what's on the show today so today
we're gonna be giving out a lot of
awards
we're gonna be talking about how a nasty
women can't be glamorous we're gonna
talk about the terrible performances
last night all the way from Oprah to
Jake Tapper and a new segment I just
mentioned the title I call it Jake
Tapper Mean Girl
Michael Lowell star of another Kingdom
is good to talk to you I'll talk to you
later yeah you know I was thinking about
the death of Europe you know the fact
that Europe is now no longer a culture
and it's been swept through by these by
this influx of immigration and all the
time that this was happening people were
being told that they were insane or
bigoted or nasty or cruel if they
thought hey you know maybe bringing in a
million people such that like the City
of London is no longer a majority
English city anymore maybe that's maybe
that's something we want to think about
maybe we want to talk about it maybe we
want to say hey you know these people
can come in but they have to adhere to
certain rules or they have to believe in
certain things all these elites all
these elites told us that we were fools
to even think about this and now Europe
is basically being wiped off the face of
the earth simply by simply by immigrants
you know simply by people who don't
believe what European people believe and
it has nothing to do in as far as I'm
concerned it has nothing to do with race
it has to do with creed it has to do
with what you believe so these guys
these experts it's like they're not very
smart these smart people they're not
very smart and they they basically shut
down debate so that by calling is stupid
by calling you evil they shut down
debate so that they never have to make
the point they never have to make their
argument because their argument is so so
bad let's talk about our crappy culture
it turned to Steve Crowder's always
admire Steve Crowder because he moves
around so well you know I'm still going
through the screeners I get at the end
of the year from the Writers Guild where
you get to sort of go through all the
movies of the year especially those
movies that maybe you wouldn't go out to
the theaters see the smaller movies and
I watched one that has gotten so it
actually wondering the director won the
Golden Globe yesterday for Best Drama
called the shape of water and I really
thought it was a bad movie and I thought
it's gili air Moda toro del toro and
Gilliam or del Toro is has a wonderful
eye I mean he that movies he makes are
absolutely beautiful the credits to this
film are some of the most beautiful
credits I've ever seen so I'm not
complaining about that I'm certainly not
complaining about the acting which is
absolutely terrific Nick Searcy isn't it
our friend Nick Nick Searcy great actor
he's great always and he's great in this
Michael Shannon takes this villainous
character and just absolutely invests
him with humanity and personality and
it's such good acting and the star lady
named Sally Hawkins she plays this
Stephanie anyway here's just what I want
to talk about why I want to talk about
this being part of our crappy culture
one of the things that the arts does
when I would go around and complain
about the fact that conservatives don't
participate in the arts sometimes people
would say to you say to me they say well
is there something about being a
left-winger that makes you more likely
to create good art and I would say well
the only thing that I can think of is
that that art does tend to be culture
critical our art does tend to look at
our culture and find the things that
don't work because every culture has
things that don't work and so you you
know the suburbs the suburbs of America
during the 1950's where one of the
greatest things that ever happen to
humankind for the first time in in you
remember like Pete Seeger the communist
spy was all singing songs about those
ticky-tacky houses
well those ticky-tacky houses where
working people could finally live with
dignity and live with a lawn and have a
little piece of America for themselves
those were some of those
beautiful things that ever happened but
they all looked alike so they didn't
suit Pete Seeger's you know artistic
sensibility but but that the but that
does does capture something about those
houses there is a conformity to it there
is a repetitiveness to it
there is a mass-produced aspect to it so
art has this culture critical role that
it plays so what's the shape of water
about the shape of water is essentially
a remake of splash it's about about a
deaf-mute girl in the 1950s in a
scientific facility where they are
storing an Aquaman right they're storing
a guy who's half fish half person it
really is splash it's just except splash
is a better movie and and she starts to
fought she's very frustrated she's alone
she can't speak and she starts to fall
in love with him and the evil Michael
Shannon is they're just using this thing
as a piece of scientific artifact and
then they're gonna kill him and so it's
all about like you know heard sort of
finding love with this creature so who
is this villain Michael Shannon well
Michael Shannon is a white man who says
nasty things about black people there's
a gay guy in it who is rejected and
there's black people come in and they
can't sit at the counter in the local
diner and it's you know so it's all
about accepting the other accepting the
fish man as your lover and not being
this horrible Michael Shannon and I
thought to myself you know this guy
didn't exist in the 1950s but if he ever
existed he existed in the 1950s if he
ever existed where people were
absolutely certain that black people
were inferior and that gays were evil
you know that guy might have existed in
the 1950s those days are gone right
those days are gone it's not cultural
critical to attack that guy it is
self-congratulatory
it is patting yourself on the back and
saying look how wonderful I am and
anybody who says anything that is
redolent at all of this 1950s America
that we're gonna make fun of is is so
much is so beyond me in my progressive
self I mean this is a gigantic kiss on
the butt of itself this is a piece of
art
that basically just kisses itself on the
butt for two solid hours for how I
learnt it is how open-minded it is how
wonderful its view of the world is not
like those evil doers in the 1950s who
by the way created in America that we're
still living off let alone in okay they
created an America of so much wealth of
so much success of so much power of so
much peace that we are so it actually
survived eight years of Obama's
incompetence because they created such a
powerful powerful force in the world for
good when we talked at the beginning of
the show about how much is going well in
the world how much of the you that do
you think is generated by America I
would say about 90% of it the ideas the
charity the communications the reaching
out the goodwill that America has always
shown to the rest of the world all of
that stuff came out of an America that
was created by the 1950s and I'm not
saying that obviously the bigotry in
that community in that time was wrong it
was it was wrong the way black people
were treated absolutely shameful they
got a case no question about it but if
that's all you have to say is all you
have to say is look how great we are
when we're not in the 1950s you have to
address the fact that the 1950s were the
people who won the war against Hitler
who built the America that we live in
who built the America of peace and
prosperity that we enjoy it's not
culture critical that is not art and
that and that is why leftism leftism
dutt has done to the arts it has done to
the artistic imagination the same thing
it does to everything else it guts them
it guts in leftism guts our institutions
like yale university used to be a great
college now it's just a leftist college
sitting around pretending to be Yale the
New York Times used to be a great
newspaper now it's just a leftist
newspaper to print pretending to be the
New York Times and the shape of water is
gutted by leftism just pretending to be
a work of art because it has nothing to
say except how wonderful we ourselves
are it's the opposite of culture culture
critical its culture self-congratulatory
that's why it won the Golden Globes
because the Golden Globes was just one
hour of self-congratulation after
another alright tomorrow we have one of
my favorite commentators Molly Hemingway
is coming on to talk to us
she has just been so sensible and so
saying about what's going on she's like
this lone voice happy floating around in
the media and not entirely alone because
we too are a voice of sanity and we will
be here on Andrew Klavan this is the
Andrew Clavin show beer tomorrow the
Andrew Clavin show is produced by Robert
Sterling executive producer Jeremy
boring senior producer Jonathan hey our
supervising producer is Mathis Glover
technical producer Austen Stevens edited
by Alex zingaro audio is mixed by Mike
or Mina hair and makeup is by Jesuit
Albuera
and our animations are by Cynthia Angulo
and Jacob Jackson the Andrew Klavan show
is a daily wire for word publishing
production copyright for word publishing
