I think there is a ground shift to the
way people think butts taking place even
within our lifetime and his and his game
steam and as I say even basic concepts
like reason are being thrown out in
favor of a philosophy of feeling because
maybe it does come down to lack of
success for her people maybe people
juicio that they can succeed in other
ways and so the way that they feel
fulfilled whether they fill whatever
need they have for fulfillment is by
wallowing in themselves if I say if I
can't find fill in the outer world that
I will look inside me and I will look at
what makes me special and we've all been
talking respectful departing and
therefore since they are all special
then you say anything disagrees with me
is taking away my specialness and that
can't be
