there's a song that has now become
unpopular okay and they've changed the
lyrics to it because it's unpopular it
was a Christmas favorite because baby
it's cold outside
and we've been informed by the left that
this song is rapey oh yes the song baby
it's cold outside it's rape and play a
little bit of it and then I'm gonna play
you some modern top 40 and you tell me
which is more rapey just like
this case is a creepy version the
Michael Buble did with idina menzel with
little kids but the original version
with that thing it's there's a Louie
Armstrong and I think it's Billie
Holiday in any case the lyric that
people go crazy about is that there is a
there's the woman is basically
protesting that she has to leave but she
doesn't really want to leave and then
she asks at one point what's in this
drink right she said it says the
neighbors might think say what's in this
drink so it sounds like he's D at raping
her yeah that's not what's happening
hopefully is that she's feeling buzzed
feeling happy and she's feeling flirty
interest I don't beat you then he's
trying to say it's great now that's
called a rather typical seduction you
know assuming that Dean Martin didn't
actually roofie anybody this is uh the
idea that this is date rape is is
ridiculous or that it's a rapey song
maybe there's nothing wrong with the
song is that possible then nobody would
listen to that thought oh baby it's cold
outside means I get to rape chicks maybe
that's it maybe that's the thing what's
hilarious is that all the same people
who say that that baby it's cold outside
it's a rapey song are fine with top 40
music which is like the most rapey music
of all time half the music is about some
guys saying I'm gonna jump on that Fang
right I'm gonna jump on her and I'm
gonna do what I want with her and the
girls saying yeah that's great you know
that's what I'm into like first of all
half a let's play this way if all of the
lyrics to top 40 music were actually
applied in real life by men to women
these would not be good pickup lines can
these be really rapey pick-up lines so
there's a there's a song out right now
called Havana and there's part where
there is a rap interlude which has
become a staple of top 40 music and it's
horrifying in any case this is one of
the rapper's rapping a little bit you
tell me which is more rapey maybe it's
called outsider this
what Jeffrey is saying is quote just
graduated fresh on campus fresh out East
Atlanta with no manners damn fresh out
East Atlanta bump on her bumper like a
traffic jam now I miss the part where
she said yes to the bumping on her
bumper like a traffic jam but that seems
a little rapey no is hey I was quick to
pay that girl like Uncle Sam so now he's
paying her for the set good job back it
on me
shorty Craven on me get to diggin on me
she waited on me shawty kickin on me got
the bacon on me I don't even what the
hell was made this is history in the
making on me Point Blank close range
nappy if it cost a million that's me I
was getting moola man they feel me yeah
clearly that's not rapey at all what's
more rapey as a guy saying to a girl
stay inside with me and begging her to
stay inside with him and her finally
saying yes clearly that's the rapey
problem here our society may be screwed
up beyond all repair I'm at or sexual at
least until there's a return to
traditional notions of male and female
and what men want and what women want
and standards where we can accommodate
both
