this is another Kingdom by me Andrew
Klavan performed by Michael Knowles last
time looking for the mysterious novel
another Kingdom by Ella Nevermore Austin
Lively visited novelist Sean Gunther
Gunther said that Ellen had brought the
book to him but then when she realized
he was a washed-up drunk she sent it to
Austin instead and just as mysteriously
withdrew it before Austin could find out
more two thugs kitten face and billiard
ball broke in and shot Gunther dead they
were in the middle of abducting Austin
when Austin was swept back to Galliano
where he was just escaping from the
dungeon with the mutant rodent Maw and
now another Kingdom Episode six
I guess in some bizarre way I was
getting used to this stepping through
doorways from one world into another
whether it was a brain tumor or the
onset of psychosis or actual magical
teleportation from reality into
Fantasyland I was starting to get a
handle on it it only took me a second
this time to realize I was no longer
facing death at the hands of a
gun-wielding androgyne madman but was in
the blink of an eye
facing death instead from a medieval
sword wielding dungeon guard while I
escaped in the wake of a mutant rodent
as a side note psychosis seemed the most
reasonable explanation anyway I ran
after Maude sparkling lights but I
didn't get far the lights went out the
dark was absolute the ground underneath
my feet was uneven I took a couple of
steps and tripped on some sort of rise
and went sprawling to the ground I
skimmed the side of my knee and lost my
bearings utterly I started to get up I
heard my pursuers shouting behind me by
luck something had delayed them there
was some confusion about whether the
guard should bring his torch into the
chute with him you know us down that
shouted the guard and I could hear raw
fear in his echoing voice dammit
answered the executioner he's getting
away let's go what's down here I
wondered and then something sank its
claws into me I'd let out a high-pitched
shriek Oh for pity's sake said Maude
disgusted
she was right beside me now she pulled
her claws out of my shoulder well you
startled me
I muttered I climbed to my feet just
come on follow me I can't see anything
she sparkled and I did see her then in
the spray of light around her she was
clinging to the rough wall beside me
like a squirrel this way she said and
she scrambled off along the stone
winking out into darkness as she went I
stumbled to where I'd seen the wall and
felt my way along it moving more slowly
more carefully now behind me I heard a
body hit the ground a loud gruff curse
the guard must have come through the
chute I glanced back but the darkness
was completing
in the guard had obviously decided to
leave his torch behind him what's down
here I thought again God the smell I
heard him say it was bad alright raw
sewage a lot of it the stench burned in
my nostrils and it was getting worse
with every step I took stop said mod and
more urgently I said stop
I stopped there was a pause then she
glittered and by the vibrating confetti
of colored lights I saw that I was
standing inches from the edge of a pit a
sharp drop into nothingness
the smell rose up out of the depths
in a wet gust so strong it made me want
to vomit the lights around the mutant
rodent went out I heard her voice find
the rungs go down I lowered myself to my
knees it was so black in here I could
barely find the ground
I felt around for the rim of the pit
felt past the rim until I touched a
horizontal bar of rusted metal in the
pit wall the first rung mods weirdly
human weirdly neighs a weirdly animal
voice now came up from the depths below
me climb down nothing could have made me
descend into the thick nauseating stench
of that pit nothing except the sound of
the executioner tumbling out of the
chute behind me his voice and the guards
voice come on move it
I can't bloody see to hell with that
don't let him get away
closing in behind me I began to climb
down the side of the pit rung by rung
hand over hand with every foot of the
descent the stench grew thicker worse it
was like a living putrid shroud of wet
excrement folding itself around me
covering my mouth my nose my eyes
tightening on my lungs smothering me god
I choked out strangling on the miasma
but I could hear the guard and the
executioner cursing and shouting at each
other as they stumbled after me through
the darkness so I kept climbing down and
down deeper and deeper into the thicker
and thicker stench I touched bottom not
a solid bottom no such luck
a wet
moving stinking bottom of god-knows-what
load some stuff that rose around my
ankles and squeezed up over my feet and
soaked my leggings while the stink of it
lived and breathed around me i gagged I
shuddered make your mind go blank Maud
said she glittered and there she was
clinging to the wall beside me her
bizarre deformity of a woman's face eyed
me eagerly like a Halloween mask hung on
the head of a rat what I said barely
able to speak barely able to breathe
there is no magic here but torrid a Neos
she said I still had no clue what this
meant but she went on you have to let it
in you have to open a path for it in
your mind like I did when I broke your
chains oh why can't you do it now this
is bigger it takes a human mind
come on above me there was a rough shout
then a cry watch it flippin hell the
guard and the executioner had come to
the edge of the pit another second
they'd be climbing down after me what do
I do
I whispered swallowing what felt like a
solid chunk of stench I told you said
the rodent clear your mind
I looked behind me as I heard a man's
heavy tread on the iron rung of the pit
wall clear your mind
Maud commanded dammit how am I supposed
to do that now just do it I heard my
pursuers steadily descending after me I
faced forward I breathed out then I
breathed in and it was like swallowing
the contents of a toilet I bent forward
clutching my throat gagging there's no
time for that said Maud clear your mind
panting I forced myself to straighten I
forced myself to breathe more evenly I
forced myself not to think about the
Clank Clank Clank of the two men
climbing down the iron rungs above me I
forced myself to stare into the dark and
let the dark become my thoughts and
think of nothing and for a second I did
it just for a second but it was enough
for me to feel what Maud was talking
about the magic it was a steady pulse of
energy flowing from somewhere into my
mind I gasped at the strength of it and
lost hold of it
it snaked away like a livewire but I
tried again and found it quickly and
this time once I found it it was easier
to keep the channel to the energy open
and as I did as i did a swarm of colored
lights came into view before me the
swarm was about 20 yards away
approaching swiftly through the air a
flying throng sparkling reds and greens
and yellows blues and whites dancing
rising and falling in the darkness as
gnats rise and fall on currents of air
what is it I whispered but the moment I
spoke the lights began to dim and wink
out clearer your mod began to say I know
I know
I steadied myself I focused the colored
lights grew bright again
a Christmas cloud of them still rolling
and tumbling toward me I was aware of
the Clank of the rungs behind me the
guard and the executioner were about
halfway down only seconds away but here
was a revelation as frightened as I was
I could make myself be not frightened I
could release the frightened part and
keep my mind focused wholly on the
colored lights I had never done that
before
but I did it now and the cloud of
colored lights grew brighter came closer
now by their glow I could see the
corridor ahead a few feet away it opened
up into a much larger space that ran off
a long way beneath an arched stone
ceiling a narrow flat walkway stretched
off beneath the oncoming glow swarm into
shadow and then into the invisible
darkness beyond on either side of the
flat stretch the stone slanted down into
a broad gutter each gutter a good eight
feet wide at least both gutters were
full of sewage a thick brown fuming
concoction of polluted liquid and solid
waste the liquid shifted and flowed
lapping at the slanted stone bubbling
and churning at the center as if it
really were alive I stared I realized I
was going to have to walk along that
path between the filth choked gutters
and just then in a thrumming whispering
rush the dancing lights surrounded me I
let out a noise I'd never heard myself
make before
a little breathless cry of wonder they
were people the lights they were small
flying people men and women each about 5
inches long but perfectly formed each
gave off a multicolored radiance of his
own and the glow of each blended with
the others and the glow of all together
created the twinkling rainbow cloud the
little people surrounded me rose and
spun and fell around me they were naked
they were beautiful and they had wings
transparent gossamer wings like the
wings of a dragonfly that's what made
that sound that stuttering thrum as they
swarmed fairies I breathed their fairies
don't let the lights go out
said Maud I could see her now too lit by
the fairy lights still clinging
squirrel-like to the wall her eerie
woman's face bright-eyed and anxious I
stood there with the cloud of fairies
swirling around me the mutant rodent
gazing at me the swordsman and the
masked executioner chasing after me this
had to be some kind of brain damage
right let's go
said Maud my breath caught as she left
off the wall just like a squirrel lept
through the air and landed on the
corridor to scramble out onto the
walkway up ahead of me I could feel the
cloud of fairies moving after her I
moved with them to stay within their
light we entered the high-ceilinged hall
and stepped onto the walkway between the
steaming shit-filled gutters at first I
was so awestruck by the sight of the
fairies it was easy to keep my focus on
them I could feel the magic energy
flowing in and out of me from somewhere
far away powering the fairies as it
passed through them as if they were
bulbs on a circuit the cloud of light
and I moved as one travelling briskly
together along the narrow paths then
there was a splash and a grunt behind me
I looked back over my shoulder and saw
through the misty rainbow that the guard
had reached the bottom of the ladder was
standing in the thick puddle of crap
that covered the passage there he saw me
and he drew his sword with a metallic
swish his eyes glittered and his lips
went tight with determination I'm
later the fearful masked figure of the
executioner dropped down behind him
cursing at the mess around his feet
never mind them Maud told me keep the
lights on her voice was now coming from
somewhere down the tunnel up ahead
I faced forward and saw what she meant
while I was distracted the fairies had
grown dimmer their naked bodies were
turning gray their thin wings were
fighting frantically with the air all
the same I stole another quick glance
back at the guard he was still standing
where he was watching me sword in hand
fading into darkness as the fairy lights
faded he seemed reluctant to follow me
onto the walkway why what's down here
the executioner shoved the guard in the
back come on move he said Maud's voice
hollow with distance called to me again
ignore them the fairies will protect you
keep your mind clear breathing hard I
forced myself to look ahead scared as I
was of the guard of the sword of the
executioner of the endless night of
torture that awaited me if they caught
me and the endless life of deformity
after that I had to use all my mental
strength to concentrate a frantic second
past and then another I couldn't focus
then yes I did it my mind caught hold of
the sneaking wire of magic and held on
the fairies colored lights group right
there thrumming buzz grew louder as
their wings beat faster and they rose in
the air and surrounded me in a cloud of
rainbow light I walked on behind me I
could hear the executioner angrily
urging the guard to chase me I could
hear the guard muttering all right all
right
their voices grew closer but only slowly
why were they so wary what were they
afraid of I couldn't think about it I
had to focus on the magic I had to keep
the twinkling fairies bright hovering in
the air around me lighting the Great
Hall of the sewer then a splash out of
the corner of my eye I caught a glimpse
of motion something humped and enormous
rising out of the burbling in the
gutter to my left I gasped
swiveled - look I heard the guard behind
me let out a curse but whatever it was
it was gone
only the ripples that had made remained
making the sewage lap against the
slanting stone the fairy lights began to
dim again how was I supposed to focus
now I remembered what Maud had said the
fairies will protect you but would they
from that that thing that had just
splashed in the sewage it was big
I could tell even from that side long
limps of it it was really big I took a
deep shuddering breath and as I let it
out I let my fear steam away into the
surrounding shadows once more the fairy
lights grew brighter I focused
I focused hard the fairies will protect
you but in the back of my mind I
couldn't help wondering what would
happen to me if I let the lights go out
the grisly answer came almost at once
whatever had risen from this the
guard had gotten a better look at it
than I had it had made him lose his
nerve did you see that I heard him
growled nevermind
go on he's escaping barked the
executioner you crazy that thing but
then his gruff voice pin wheeled up into
a falsetto shriek of absolute terror I
couldn't help myself
my focus broke I spun when I saw the
Beast arising Living excrement a
soulless breathing Hulk of Hungary
its immense vaguely human shape burst
out of the sewage with a gurgling roar
it rose up like a wave and like a wave
it fell upon the guard even as he reeled
back in horror he tried to wield his
sword against it but the fear took the
strength out of him the blade glanced
weakly off the fetid body of the Beast
and fell from the guards slack fingers
then the creature poured itself over him
as i gaped in horror the fairy lights
went dim and thank God for that
thank God because even what I saw was
almost more than my imagination could
bear in the moment before the hall went
black
I saw the things swallow the guard
the next inst
it forced its way into him through every
pore both engulfing him and entering him
so that his figure appeared dimly
through the edge of its substance his
mouth was still open on a scream but the
scream was silenced by the influx of
sewage sewage filled him it bloated him
it burst from his eyes and tore through
his belly and then thank God thank God
the light went out and everything was
blackness my mind was white with
incandescent fear but even in that fear
I realized the Beast would have me next
if I didn't clear my mind and fast
somewhere I could hear moths screaming
the same thing to me the same thought
and somehow I truly don't know how but
somehow I managed to remake my mind into
the blackness all around me and catch
the invisible magic by the tail and hold
on to it for dear life the fairy lights
flickered on again the little creatures
thrummed their dragonfly wings and flew
around me in the rainbow glow I saw the
Beast receding gigantically down the
sloped stone into the gutter all that
was left behind on the walkway was a
patch of pooled sewage a few unspeakable
remains of the guard and his fallen
sword as for the executioner he was not
so scary now he was running for his life
full speed
I watched him by fairy light as he raced
blindly for the narrow corridor beyond
the sewer the corridor that led back to
the pit and the rung ladder then he was
out of sight in the darkness I stood and
gaped at the dreadful aftermath another
moment the cloud of sparkling lights
surrounding me the fritter of gossamer
wings filling the air so that's what
happens if the light goes out I thought
then I turned and started to move away
it was a long journey a slow hour at
least and the death of the guard was not
its only horror there was more to come
that thing that thing followed me
the whole way or maybe there was more
than one maybe the sewers were full of
them I don't know but now and then I saw
it from the corner of my eyes it bubbled
up from the bubbling offal and splashed
and grumbled and sank away again
if
time I shuddered every time the fairy
lights dimmed every time I forced myself
to clear my mind again and seize hold of
the magic current and keep the circuit
open the fairy lights on it was
exhausting work at first after the guard
was destroyed like that the fear was so
intense it kept me focused what choice
did I have
it was focus and walk and keep the fairy
lights burning or literally be covered
with and filled with and
destroyed by from within still you
know after a while everything becomes
normal doesn't it
suffering danger slow death it's all
just life in the end so after a while as
I walked on on and on through the long
tunnel with no end in sight my mind
began to wander my attention began to
flag it happened so incrementally so
suddenly that I didn't even notice the
sparks of light coming off the
flittering fairies had begun to grow
just a bit duller then just a bit more
and the little pink naked bodies
surrounding me were growing just a bit
more and then a bit more ray maud was
running up ahead of me sometimes within
the reach of the glow and sometimes just
beyond it off in the darkness she hadn't
said a word to me in a long time she
didn't want to break my concentration I
guess and maybe she'd gotten into the
routine of the journey too maybe she was
getting lost in her own thoughts too
because she didn't notice the fairy
lights dimming either but now I look to
head through the thrumming rainbow cloud
and I saw the mutant rodent had stopped
she was sitting like a rat or squirrel
sits her front paws raised before her
she was looking back toward me with her
creepily human face I peered through the
glow and saw that she had reached the
end of the walkway she was waiting for
me there waiting for me to catch up a
few yards beyond her the gutters ended
and there was a sort of stone alcove and
though the alcove was dark I saw or
thought I saw a faint misty glow of
white light as if a sunbeam were falling
into the darkness from a great height
after the long trek through this stench
and filth I felt a thrill of hope and
only at the last set
did I realize that my concentration
already slipping was now utterly broken
not by my fear this time but by my
excitement my anticipation of escape the
fairy lights flickered which finally
drew my attention to them
oh no I said and the Beast it came up so
suddenly and was so huge that it
overwhelmed me
it's gurgling roar it's ghastly stink
it's hungry eyes it's awful presence a
mountainous looming living creature of
liquid waste blasted every thought right
out at me every chance I might regain my
focus and relight the protective cloud
of light was washed away in my fear of
the rising wave I saw it was about
to drop on me the image of the guards
horrific death filled my mind a panicked
I ran the fairy lights went out in the
long hall was plunged into utter
blackness or no not utter blackness I
could still see that dim beam of light
shining down into the alcove at the end
of the walkway ignoring the sting of my
skinned knee I ran for it with all the
speed of fear the thing crashed
down onto the walkway right behind me
right on the spot where I'd been
standing half a second before I heard
its roar become a thick gooey splash I
felt its thick blanket of stench and
developed me it had missed me on its
first attack but I heard then felt it's
a living substance burbling and
thrashing over the walkway coming after
me I screamed I ran faster it grabbed my
ankle I was shocked by the strength of
it by the solidity of it when it had
seemed to be made of nothing but awful
and goo it grabbed me like a giant's
hand it roared like a giant as it seized
hold in order to drag me backwards into
it I reached out wildly in the darkness
reached out in wild despair for that
faint misty beam of light my fingers
touched the entry to the alcove I
grabbed hold of the edge of the wall
with both hands just as the thing
strengthened its grip on my heel I
yanked myself forward with all my might
I broke the creatures hold and went
spilling forward into the alcove falling
onto my backside in the midst of the dim
gray light from above
I heard I could not see the beast
receding the smell faded and I heard the
liquid creature sinking back into the
gutter with a disappointed groan I
swallowed the copper vomit of fear and
disgust
I raised my knees and rested on them
sitting on the hard stone breathing fast
after a second or two or an hour - I
don't really know
I noticed the silence around me I fought
to bring my breathing under control I
fought to focus again I cleared my mind
cleared it and there the flow of magic
came back into me there was a slow
flicker of color a stuttering hum of
wings and then the cloud of fairy lights
came back on again
the beautiful naked creatures orbiting
my head in the multicolored out glow
I saw Maud the mutant rodent was
clinging to the alcove wall and looking
down on me
she had an expression on her face how
can I describe it disdain disappointment
condemnation all of these she looked as
if she could not believe what a cowardly
wimp I was what are you looking at me
like that for I said she shook her head
disgusted because I screamed I said she
averted her eyes what did you see that
thing she sighed you better start
climbing she squeaked it's a long way
disgruntled I pushed my way to my feet
muttering under my breath it was a
gigantic monster it was gonna eat
me for Christ's sake
Maud didn't speak again and didn't look
at me either
 bizarro hamster what does she
know I thought I'd have said it aloud
too but she was the only Ally I had
still she was making me feel like crap
the sparkling fairies and I move deeper
into the alcove the pale beam of light
was brighter there I tilted my head back
and my heart lifted a little way way up
above me there was daylight a little
pinprick of white brightness Roden girl
was right about that anyway it was a
long climb
I found the rungs on the wall and
started up them after
dungeon after the darkness after the
stench and the terror it felt almost
miraculous to climb out into the
daylight in the open air the moment my
head and shoulders emerged from a narrow
street sewer the fairies dispersed like
birds frightened by a gunshot off they
flew in all directions their little
bodies vanishing in the distance I
didn't even have a chance to tell them
thanks I climbed out the rest of the way
I was in an empty alley formed by the
stained walls of too shabby houses
either way I looked left or right the
alley opened under streets lined with
buildings a green stenchy fog hung over
me giving the sky a sickly hue Maude
came up after me she scrambled up the
wall to the level of my head where are
we I asked her the town of east drum she
said it smells weird I said it smells
bad come on we have to hurry
once the executioner sounds the alarm
they could close the city gates with
that off she went up the wall and onto
the eve of the roof above me
she left along the gutter there and I
followed after her out of the alley into
the town east hram was a dismal place a
small city of narrow streets and lousy
air that weird and awful smoke hung over
everything and its stank the streets
were paved with cobblestones low wooden
buildings leaned toward each other from
each curve as if they would topple
together into the roadway at any moment
the people moved in dense packs shoving
and cursing one another they all seemed
to have the same flat round pale and
dirty faces the same dulled and gaping
expressions as if they were dumb beasts
rather than women and men they war-torn
dirty colorless robes belted at the
waist by ropes they trudged beneath the
overhanging eaves carrying buckets loads
of wood sacks of potatoes or caged
squawking birds and animals I saw men
beating mules with sticks trying to get
the stubborn creatures to pull wagons
full of hay or lumber I saw women
sweeping thresholds emptying chamber
pots out of windows or cleaning house
and tending children visible through
their open doors
i gaped at all of it I had seen
paintings like this Renaissance
paintings medieval scenes I felt like a
traveller in imagined time a
3-dimensional modern on the flat
backdrop of the fantastical past was I a
real man in a make-believe world or a
make-believe man in the real world
whatever it mesmerised me I had to force
myself to stop staring like an idiot
even just to glance up now and then and
check on Maude's progress as she left
from roof to roof and wall to wall I
followed after her through the bizarre
maze of streets now and then through a
gap between the buildings I caught a
glimpse of the castle from which I just
escaped it was an impressive sight six
mighty towers and a central keep the
walls fierce and formidable it stood on
raised earth above the city in cleaner
air above the smoke a moat of dull water
surrounded it
I wondered which tower I'd been in when
I'd been arrested beside the body of
lady cotta
I couldn't tell for sure the rodent and
I continued along the stinking smoky
streets after a while we came out into a
broader plaza surrounded by shops and
bordered by an official-looking
structure decked with flags the smoke
was thicker here the smell was worse
soon I saw why there was a bonfire in
the middle of the square
the stenchy green black miasma was
pouring up out of it on another side of
the open space a crowd was gathered
raising a great noise the sound drew my
attention I looked over as I passed
through the plaza and I found myself
staring at a dreadful spectacle
prisoners were being put to death right
then right there out in public there
were five of them all men each held in a
small cage each cage suspended by a
chain on a pole holding it only a few
feet off the ground
guards much like the guards who had
arrested me were sticking the points of
their long spears through the bars
piercing the flesh of the men within the
men shrieked in agony helpless to avoid
being punctured and shredded the guards
chose their spots with care keeping the
victims alive as long as they could
they were laughing as they worked and
the spectators were cheering them on
with wild fervor their peasant faces
contorted with glee and rage they were
shouting traitor traitor they were
shouting give it to him and make it last
it was like a sporting event in a
madhouse I slowed down to watch a woman
passed by me she was large grimy faced
carrying a basket of laundry in her
hands she seemed to have paused on her
way somewhere she was watching the
torture - watching and snickering
through a toothless grin what did they
do I asked her days she said in a hoarse
crows CAW of a voice they're the latest
to betray the revolution that's what
they brought it to bring back the Queen
the Queen Olinda I remembered her name
from my computer's character list and
from the testimony against me at the
trial lady cata the woman I was accused
of murdering had been her
lady-in-waiting
so had lady Beth Rey the raven haired
beauty who had testified against me
these are the latest you said I asked
the laundry woman she nodded these are
the latest and those are the last she
gestured with her basket toward the
bonfire I looked I had only noticed the
burning pile of wood before but now I
saw that mingled with the logs and
boards there were bones human bones
limbs and hips and grinning skulls some
with a last coating of boiling flesh
just now bubbling away that explained
the awful smoke the awful smell i
grimaced and swallowed my Gorge and
turned my eyes as I did I caught a
glimpse of Maud on a Ledge above me she
beckoned me urgently I had to go
I hurried out of the square and down
another narrow street and to a small
muse for away there were stables here
one after another
blacksmiths working at their anvils and
forges grooms brushing down horses
Stabler's pitch
working hey the smell of animal dung
mingled with the more deathly more
dreadful smell from the bonfire back in
the plaza I hesitated several streets
led out of the Mews and I didn't know
which one to take
I looked up at the rooftop searching for
my rodent friend I didn't see her but
even as I looked I heard her whisper to
me over the clanging anvils and neighing
horses over here she was clinging to the
corner of a small building just beside
me just head high I moved to her see
that man over there
she asked softly she gestured across the
Meuse with her weirdly human face I
followed the gesture across the way
there stood a big man a blacksmith well
over six feet tall broad in the chest
and domed at the belly and muscular in
his shoulders and arms he had a great
black beard and bright eyes and a few
loose strands of black hair across his
bulbous head he wore a leather apron
over his robe and held an iron pair of
tongs in one hand and a hammer in the
other he was holding a piece of iron in
the tongs turning it in the bright
orange fire of a forge watching it as it
started to glow red I see him I said
softly
he is our contact go over to him Lord
whispered say to him I go my way I go my
way I repeated is it code it means we
are with the Queen right we're with wait
what annoyed maud began to repeat it
slowly like I was an idiot we are with
ya know I heard you but isn't that why
they were killing those people back
there for supporting the Queen yes
that's right and we're with them of
course we're with them said this world
girl look around you this was a great
city before the Revolution I'm sure it
was but but what she said harshly
I'm already wanted for murder then you
have nothing to lose
haha I said but I guess she had a point
at that I sighed all right and keep it
quiet don't let anyone hear you the
council has spies everywhere great
looking at the scene all around me as if
I could somehow spot the spies among the
Meuse workers I crossed over to the
blacksmith he had begun hammering the
hot iron now shaping his shoe the
ringing blows were loud too loud to
speak over I stood close waiting for him
to take a break he was in the midst of
lifting his hammer into the air when he
noticed me what the hell are you looking
at he said his voice was guttural and
ferocious
I began to whisper I go my what I go
speak up I can't hear you
what the hell is wrong with you I looked
around the Meuse either everyone was
listening to me while pretending to go
about their business or I imagined it
probably I imagined it I tried again
leaning as close to the blacksmith as I
thought I could without him bringing
that hammer down on my head I go my way
I said the blacksmith just stared at me
ferociously I dropped my voice even
lower
it means I'm what I leaned even closer
spoke even lower
I'm with the Queen I go my way
still the blacksmith didn't react he
just stood there just glared at me his
hammer lifted I thought for sure he was
about to raise an alarm I could already
see myself locked up in one of those
cages in the plaza I could already feel
the spears going into me gouging and
shredding my flesh but no now without a
word the blacksmith simply lay his iron
and tongs and hammered down on the anvil
without a word he turned and walked into
the stable just behind him standing
alone now I looked around me at the muse
at the other Smith's and the Stabler's
and the groom's working away on the
horses no one seemed to be looking back
at me but I felt they were I felt they
were all stealing secret glances my way
getting ready to call from my arrest a
few endless moments went by then the
blacksmith came back out of the stable
he was leading a sleek black stallion
already saddled and reined it was a
magnificent beast
I'd ridden horses before but they were
tamed ranch horses rented for an
afternoon on some family's summer
vacation or other they were nothing like
this the glistening stallion snorted and
tugged at its reins its hooves danced
restlessly on the cobbles kicking up
dust the blacksmith handed the reins to
me I stared at them I looked up at the
horse the horse whinny and threw its
head this way in that its white eyes
rolling the blacksmith leaned close to
my ear so close I felt his hot breath on
me let wisdom rain he murmured low his
eyes were filled with hot passion when I
drew back and looked at him he nodded
gravely as if to confirm that we were
brothers in a great cause well what
could I do I nodded back in the same
manner trying to look like I knew what
the hell was going on then there seemed
no choice I mounted the stallion I tried
to do it all in one swift motion you
know to catch the royalist fervor of the
moment by heroically swinging into the
saddle and dashing away let wisdom rein
giddyup in fact the best I could do was
claw and scramble and climb in elegantly
into the seat my face pressed stupidly
into the stallions mane finally I worked
myself up right holding the reins in my
hand and trying to look as much as
possible like an equestrian statue then
I nearly fell on my head as the horse
took off it moved as if it knew the way
stepping high and lively it cantered to
the edge of the Meuse then pulled up
short tossing its head there was a
shocking streak of gray brown something
so near my face it almost toppled me
backwards Maude the rodent woman had
left from the wall and now landed
expertly on the pommel as if this was
what he had been waiting for the
stallion trotted away we rode through
the streets the peasants grudgingly
stepped aside to let us pass I tried to
sit straight and look authoritative as
if I were guiding the beast but it
really did seem to know where it was
going
whenever it hesitated Maude whispered in
its ear and on we went again we trotted
down one Street than another then
another then I looked up and there ahead
of us
the gates of the city my insides twisted
instantly tense I could see this wasn't
going to be easy there were high stone
walls and two high arched iron gates and
guards with swords and spears posted all
along the ground and up on the
battlements the gates were open and a
steady flow of people vehicles and
beasts were passing in and out of town
under the guards watchful eyes merchants
with carts piled high with jugs and
boxes pilgrims with sacks on their backs
and staffs in hand peasants on foot and
knights on horseback and farmhands men
and women both dusty from the road with
their sheep and cows trudging along
beside them with Maude whispering in its
ear the stallion took its place in the
flow of people heading toward the exit
with every step that brought us closer
to those guards my guts twisted tighter
did they know I'd escaped were they
watching for us waiting for us ready to
spring a trap when we were only a few
yards away from the gate Maude pulled
back from the stallions ear and turned
to me close up like this it was creepy
and even a bit disgusting to see her
woman's face protruding from her
rat-like head try not to act like such a
fugitive she said then without waiting
for my answer she left off the saddle
weight where I started to say but she
had already disappeared into the dust
around the feet of the pedestrians and
of course I understood if the guards
were looking for me
a man traveling with a mutant rat would
be hard to miss all the same with Maude
gone I felt very alone and uncertain my
horse and I moved closer and closer to
the gate and to the guards I tried to
calculate how long it would have taken
the executioner to get out of the sewer
and raise the alarm how long for the
guards to bring word down to the gate
how long it had taken me to travel out
of the sewer and through the town but it
was no good I'd lost all sense of time
amidst the danger and confusion I had no
way of knowing whether the guards at the
gate were ready for me or not the crowd
of jostling people and carts and animals
moved along and I moved with it closer
and closer to the exit close
in closer to the sharp scanning gazes of
the guards no one said anything the dust
of travel swirled around me I tried to
focus my mind as I had below the ground
now the gate was right in front of me
now the arch was over my head now I was
passing out of the city and before I
fully realized what had happened I felt
the gun pressed into the base of my neck
I looked up startled into the rearview
mirror and saw the feline face of the
androgyne assassin drive he said
this has been another Kingdom by Andrew
Klavan performed by Michael nose
you
