let's bring on Lauren southern she's a
Canadian I don't know how she became so
intelligent and insightful of being a
Canadian but she did she wrote the book
barbarians how baby boomers immigrants
and Islam screwed my generation she rose
to fame first at rebel media with I'm on
there they interviewed me all the time
this rubble media Ezra LaVon yeah and
she is now she even ran for office she's
done all these kind of pranks where she
has gone on to but what did she do she
went to a feminist March and declared
herself she had herself declared a man
that's what she did yes I'm sorry she
always puts all all these things that
why she's not a feminist and all this
stuff she was in England shooting a
documentary fortress city about the
changing face of London since mass
terrorism let's play the interview
Lauren thank you for being here thank
you for having me so let's let's just
start with you because I'm always
interested in the journey that people
take to get to a place where they are
basically at war with the mainstream I
mean whenever you take the positions
you've taken it's going to get you in
trouble with the mainstream so I'm
always interested in how people got
there did you start out as I'll call you
a conservative I know you're kind of
conservative libertarian did you start
out there or did you have to take that
trip well I can think where I am now to
wonderful parenting I'm like I guess
unfortunately a lot of Millennials when
I got home from school every single day
my father would start the drive home by
asking me what I learned and instead of
just saying that's great he would ask me
questions to follow up
are you sure feminism is the best
ideology are you sure that that's
exactly what happened historically and
he gave me this nasty bug of being
forced to ask questions about everything
and it ended up getting me in a lot of
trouble in school in university I became
the little devil's advocate in the class
and being always being on the hot seat
in the classroom challenging the
teachers kind of drove me to love being
the devil's advocate and asking the
tough questions which is what got me in
the situation now so my dad can't
complain about me running around no-go
zones and getting myself in trouble
since he caused this he did this to me
you can blame him man you started out
you kind of were associated with the
alt-right which I know is kind of a
loose phrase that people use but you
were you were connected to Milo and
everything like that so I do you
consider yourself part of the alright
well here's the thing it's funny I won't
label myself anything I am what I am
but the alt-right rejects me because
they don't think I I'm not a white
nationalist so I'm rejected by the
alt-right in a lot of cases for that but
the old light also rejects me because I
will have discussions about the
importance of homogeneous societies and
I will have discussions about how I do
think that Germany should remain a
majority German I do think that my
homeland Denmark should remain a
majority Danish right so I'm kind of in
this middle ground where I'm just
willing to have logical discussions I
think and if that offends you and if
that makes me crazy Nazi I'm not but
people will call me what they call me do
you have you have you broken are you
still connected with Milo have you
broken with him or as are you still do
you still think he's kind of going in
the right direction I was just talking
to him recently he I think he was just
in London where I am and we were gonna
meet up for drinks but he's quite busy
so I haven't talked to him in a long
time because he's very the things things
went on a little rollercoaster ride
throughout his campus tour of course and
his downfall and come back and I I'd
more knew Milo before all that happened
before his fame per se where we were
crashing Amber Rose slut walks together
okay I guess I guess what I'm trying to
ask you wrote your book is called
barbarians how baby boomers immigrants
and Islam screwed my generation and
obviously the first thing that comes
into a left-wingers mind when he hears
that is oh what a horrible racist you
are and how you hate immigrants and you
hate Islam defend yourself Lauren I do
yes do do you in fact hate people for
the color of their skin or for their
religion well you know it's funny I was
actually having a debate with a left
winger in a pub the other day and they
were just telling me Lauren all I want
for society all I want is for us to all
get along I just want
people to live their daily lives with
the most fulfillment the most happiness
in the most piece and that's what I want
as well I want the highest amount of
freedom with the highest amount of
safety and peace and happiness and the
way you get that sista cailli this has
been shown in studies time and time
again is one with a homogeneous society
and a free society and unfortunately
homogeneous means you cannot have open
borders because people do not assimilate
fast enough and homogeneous also means
you can't have this myth of
multiculturalism it's a myth it hasn't
worked everywhere it has been applied
every time you see people with hardcore
radical ideologies like Islam or even
just really strong cultures like we have
a lot of Chinese come into my hometown
of Vancouver
they just don't assimilate they don't
talk to each other they don't even do
business with each other even if there's
money on the line I don't go into some
towns anymore in British Columbia in
Canada because people just won't talk to
me because I speak English and this is
not something that is going to last I
mean Justin Trudeau can say diversity is
our strength over and over and over
again but as the face of the nation
changes and people find that
multiculturalism is really just
segregated enclaves that answer is not
going to be good enough for the young
people who find themselves a
english-speaking minority in certain
places it's not going to be good enough
for people who find themselves
completely just disregarded by their
communities because they're still
beholden to a Western Western ideas and
it's just it's not been working it's
been a complete and utter failure this
is something even people like Angela
Merkel are starting to recognize and say
if maybe we made a mistake here maybe
things went too fast so like many
leftists
I want peace as well I want happiness I
want things to work out fine and dandy
but we all know that that is a pipe
dream unless you make some tough
decisions to ensure happiness and that
may not be for everyone but at least can
be for some people within your borders
you know it's it's interesting because
it is a dilemma in countries like the
European countries that are actually
based on race Germany's German the
filled with Germans France French
because it's filled with francs and the
English because it's filled with
anglo-saxon people they actually have
some argument for keeping a majority of
a certain race here in America where
we're based on a creed we have a an
argument for keeping our country a
majority of one Creed it's entirely
possible as committed as I am to secular
government and religious freedom it's
entirely possible that you can have a
religion that is so antithetical to the
American creed that we have to limit the
number of people who can come in holding
that that belief system it's just it is
a shame but it's something that we have
to look at one of the things that I'm
really interested I've watched a lot of
your videos about feminism one of them
called why I'm not a feminist one of
them why I'm not married which I thought
was kind of interesting too and as an
old guy looking at younger people I'm
always kind of fascinated with this
because it seems to me that feminism has
so eaten away at the respect that was
once paid to homemakers and mothers that
I frequently hear young women making
excuses for the desire to become a
homemaker the desire to live a private
life or to be a mother and also using
feminist terminology even as they reject
feminism so they say I'm I'm not a
feminist because I believe you can be
more equal by not being a feminist where
the question is is equality even a goal
so where are you now on this I mean are
you still would you still say you're not
a feminist and why not it's it's funny
I'm definitely still not a feminist but
I think your point of people using
feminist language to reject feminism is
a fascinating one and asking is equality
of the goal because that's another
journey I've made since my rejection of
feminism of saying maybe me saying this
is all about a Galit arianism and total
equality and that's why I reject
feminism is still the wrong idea because
women and men are not the same that is
just a fact we have different brains we
have different wiring we have different
things that make us happy make us tick
and the reality is is that in many
different aspects of our lives women and
men are going to compete differently
they're going to reactor things today in
fact I do a lot of research and even
speeches on
something like sexual market value if
women for example have sex with over 20
people Harvard studies have shown that
after that there is almost a zero
percent chance of their marriage working
later they're almost 100 percent likely
to get divorced once that number has
reached twenty twenty four men
completely different so should we be
approaching the genders as the exact
same if our point is to achieve
happiness for both these groups
the obvious answer when looking at the
research is no we need to approach them
differently and realize that traditional
lifestyles actually do lead to a lot
more happiness for women because they
react differently to things like sex
it's something that's very powerful and
impactful to them also
they're just quite frankly not as happy
in working jobs if you've ever read oh
they're coming apart coming apart all
right yeah Oh Charles such Charles
Charles Marie they're but two of us
working together of quite excellent
points about how when polled women show
they are the happiest as homemakers and
as a young girl when you've had so much
Marxist propaganda feminist propaganda
all Hollywood telling you the best thing
is to be a businesswoman or a lawyer or
whatnot that sounds great but it's
leading you down a path of sadness and
that's just statistically true women who
reach 30 and our lawyers typically drop
out of field because it doesn't fulfill
them or they can't compete and as much
as people may hate to admit that because
we just have this god of a Galit
arianism this god of equality that we
must reach it at all and even if it
makes people miserable eventually it's
gonna get to this point where I think
that actually the younger generation are
watching women like myself and
Millennials and people like Miley Cyrus
on their TVs just hit the stage of
misery where there's no meaning to what
a woman is there's no meaning to
femininity anymore and they're just sad
and lonely and don't have children or a
family around them and they're going to
reject a lot of this and go back to kind
of the traditional lifestyle but it's
really sad because a lot of this Marxist
propaganda the South you see in
magazines it's playing with people's
lives it's brimming with women's
happiness and it may seem
frivolous to just write an article about
oh I'm perfectly happy being a lonely
single woman in my 30s it's not because
you may actually convince a woman to go
down that path and it's gonna be
difficult for her to compete with 20
year old women she's not gonna be able
to find a good husband at that age and
she's gonna be miserable statistically
speaking and it's very very sad I've
always thought the big mistake that
feminism made was while attacking men
they basically a demmed they basically
took on male values of work and write
even a Fame and of you know the kind of
success that men hunger after they
hunger after those things because it
helps them find women that's why and and
that for women to take this on I think
basically guts the true meaning of their
life that's the way it seems to me
looking at it but I'm not here to tell
anybody how to live what what happens
when you look at you famously you had a
we went to a women's March with a sign
that says there's no such thing as rape
culture and which was taken away from
you when you're looking at the kind of
the sex scandals that are going on here
in America and everybody being you know
exposed as having chaste women around
the room and basically women in Congress
came into an elevator without getting
attacked by congressmen do you think
maybe you were wrong is there a rape
culture well we are certainly importing
one when it comes to immigration in
Europe but also within Hollywood this is
the thing people don't when it comes to
normal society in the West no we do not
the majority of people reject rape when
you are proven to a rape someone you go
to jail you cannot call that a rape
culture what I will say is that the
elites play by a different set of rules
when you have enough money to hire all
of the lawyers in the world to
intimidate someone to pay someone off
when you hold someone's career in the
palm of your hand their success their
failure of course you're playing by a
different set of rules than the average
young men young man on a college campus
who will get accused of brushing a
woman's arm and get kicked out of his
school so that in these days so of
course the Harvey Weinstein's of the
world are playing by a completely
different rule book than the average man
but I do think it's very interesting
watching Hollywood just fall apart this
way because we're
turning a new lesson that every
generation seems to have to learn I
swear our ancestors are just rolling in
their grade and smacking their forehead
because we always forget how powerful
sex is we always forget just how much it
impacts us psychologically that Sodom
and Gomorrah all these different lessons
through history that told us no this is
a very impactful thing on more than just
a one-night stand for that however long
it may be time period that affects your
mentality going forward that affects
your emotions that affects people don't
even see the obvious things these days
like pregnancy and single motherhood
which are terrible for children to be in
a single mother home and I think we're
really starting to get a grasp on how
powerful sex is and why some of these
traditional institutions like marriage
and waiting for marriage and or at least
just being with the person you love and
not everyone why we had these more
traditional viewpoints and a taboo
around sex because it's it's something
that impacts people for their whole
lives and like I was saying the study is
showing women failing in marriages later
because of all the people they've been
with we we've really just thrown all
these things to the wind and our
generation is discovering the hard way
why we have these traditions no question
about it you know I I'm good running out
of time and I want to ask you you have
talked about your book is called
barbarians how baby boomers immigrants
and Islam screwed my generation and
you're actually in England reporting on
some of the stuff that's going on there
what are you doing anyone well I've been
doing a bit of filming all around but
the biggest thing I'm working on is just
a mini doc called oh sorry fortress city
is what it's called and it's about the
changing face of London since mass
terrorism happening more and more often
because of mass emigration and just the
other day I got caught up at Oxford
Circus and a mass panic thousands of
people running through the street way
from what they thought was a terrorist
attack turns out it was only two people
arguing in the street at Oxford Circus
station and people are so on edge so
afraid that they started screaming and
running thinking they were going to get
shot but they were going to get blown up
if that happened did
Japan if there were an argument people
would pull out their phones and they'd
go film it if that happened in Canada
people would maybe try to break up the
fight and continue their day but London
it's this whole city is on edge they've
got barriers built up Buckingham Palace
even has these disgusting giant yellow
gates to stop a giant truck for ramming
through it and this is unlike anything
we have reference to in history this is
a battle within the gates and they are
inviting the enemy in it's absolute
insanity and the all you have to do I
guess is look to Israel really for what
the future of European cities are going
to be it's really really interesting I
lived there all through the 90s it was a
tremendously safe city even though we
were going through a bombing campaign
from the IRA the IRA would call people
to warn them before the bomb went off
Lauren thank you very much for coming on
I'm out of time but I hope you'll come
back and talk again really interesting
to hear where you're coming from and I
look forward to seeing the film
