a mere 11 months to the day since
President Trump took office Isis has
been defeated in Iraq and Syria not bad
also grandstanding empty head Charlie
Rose has been fired for sexually
harassing women after months of
haranguing Trump for saying naughty
words about women to Billy Bush we will
catch you up on the latest Democrat
sexual assailants to be exposed pun very
much intended Bradley Devlin and Elisha
Kraus and Amber Athey joined the panel
of deplorable zs-- to talk the DOJ is
investigating Harvard for race
discrimination over its affirmative
action policies how the era of sex spots
is upon us finally and BLM activist
Shaun King's idiocy how redundant I'm
Michael Knowles and this is the Michael
Noel's show
we have a lot to talk about today and
one thing I do want to mention though I
mentioned this at the end of the show
yesterday that another Kingdom my
narrative podcast with Andrew Clavin
that he wrote and I perform and it's the
last acting role I'll ever have in
Hollywood that it's doing really well in
the charts on podcasts it's got you know
tens of thousands of downloads per
episode and I think it's got over 700
five-star reviews believe it or not a
major Hollywood producer that I can't
disclose on the show is interested in
taking on this project so more than ever
I really need you to send this to your
friends and keep reviewing it and
sharing it and whatever because I think
we might actually be able to ran this
down Hollywood's throat and that would
give me immense immense pleasure as
Hollywood is lying in rubble to force a
project by conservatives and performed
by conservatives on them so please do it
go over to Andrew Kendrick Levens
another Kingdom where ever fine fantasy
right-wing conspiracy podcasts are
downloaded okay into the news
Isis is over that's some news I guess
that it was pretty quick wasn't it
mattis general mattis told us back in
April that Trump had given him a mandate
to annihilate Isis and now guess what
Isis is annihilated Iraq president Prime
Minister rather hadir al Abadi and
Iranian president Hassan rouhani
announced victory today for those with
short memories Isis developed in 2013
during the Barack Obama administration
in the power vacuum created by Barack
Obama's very stupid decision to pull
American forces out of Iraq but in
fairness to Barack Obama how could he
have known how could a bomber have known
that pulling troops out of Iraq would
lead to the rise of an even more
dangerous threat than we were already
fighting our nation deserves a serious
debate about Iraq because the outcome of
this conflict will have enormous
consequences for our country
failure rack would allow terrorists to
operate from a safe haven with access to
the world's third-largest oil reserves
very Iraq would increase the probability
that at some later date American troops
would have to return
to Iraq to confront an enemy more
dangerous and more entrenched failure
Iraq was sent an unmistakable signal to
America's enemies that our country can
be bullied into retreat America's
involvement in Iraq does not have to end
this way what a dummy huh what it I
can't believe anyone ever believed that
guy you know that guy that just
perfectly predicted every single thing
that would happen after he left office
yeah you know that guy even predicting
what his opponent Barack Obama what his
political opponent Barack Obama would
end up doing and all of the terrible
things that followed from that Americans
james foley steven sotloff peter kassig
among many others were gruesomely
beheaded by Isis on Barack Obama's watch
though the most chilling actually may
have been Isis's simultaneous beheading
of 21 Coptic Christians who were crying
out their belief in yeshua on a beach in
tripoli while Barack Obama was
apologizing for the Crusades or whatever
other nonsense he was doing an office
Isis also shot up a Tunisian tourist
resort killing 38 Europeans he bomb
rather Isis bombed Turkey and killed 33
crashed a Russian airplane killing 224
bombs Turkey again they kept bombing
Turkey the bombed Beirut attacked Paris
killing 130 civilians bombed Istanbul
Brussels killing 32 nice killing 86
attacked Kabul killing 80 Berlin killing
12 st. Petersburg killing 15 Manchester
killing 22 and many many other attacks
after all with all that weight of
evidence how would Barack Obama describe
the group
America's deadliest enemies his choice
of war is getting a lot of attention in
an interview with The New Yorker
magazine he compares groups linked to
al-qaeda to an amateur basketball team
quote the analogy we use around here
sometimes and I think is accurate is if
a JV team meaning junior varsity team
puts on Lakers uniforms that doesn't
make them Kobe Bryant end quote
doesn't make him Kobe Bryant they're
just the JV team isn't that Barack Obama
did this from the beginning of his
campaign onward he was operating under
the belief that if he would say things
that would make them true he clearly
suffered from some version of narcissism
and very frequently he would just say
things that obviously didn't comport
with reality but nevertheless he said a
lie often enough told will become a
truth what exactly did he mean by the JV
team we think we have an idea but he
goes on and explains it in another
interview what I do insist on is is that
we maintain proper perspective and that
we do not provide a victory to these
terrorist networks by over inflating
their importance and suggesting in some
fashion that they are an existential
threat to the United States or the world
order yeah you know they're not what how
would they be an existential threat
they're the JV team they're not wreaking
havoc all over the entire globe and
destroying a region destroying two
nations in a region and challenging
American credibility there
the existential threat is crucial here
because we're talking about an ideology
that has been encroaching and fighting
the west for 1,400 years we're doing
about political Islamism and Barack
Obama for whatever reason refused to see
that as an existential threat to the
West he he also famously made fun of
Mitt Romney for saying that Russia was
the greatest geopolitical threat
probably because Barack Obama thinks the
greatest threats are from within or
something he couldn't seem to identify
an actual geopolitical threat to the
United States now because
didn't consider them an existential
threat he didn't pursue them here's
Barack Obama explaining that strategy
says that what you have on the ground
now is not going to be enough every
couple of months you're going to be
faced with the same choice back down or
double down I think what is true is that
this has always been a multi-year
project unbelievable mealy meth this is
what happens
by the way when I'm late writing a piece
or writing up a show or god-king Jeremy
boring or ben shapiro they come to me
they say where's the peace I say look
look look this has always been a
multi-year project look this has always
been we just need strategic patience we
just need to lead from behind but
clearly he had no interest in fighting
Isis whatsoever we don't know we know
that he wanted to be a domestic policy
president we also know that he failed at
every level when it came to foreign
policy let's bring on our panel to
discuss the failures of Barack Obama one
of my favorite topics to discuss we have
amber Athey we have Bradley Devlin and
we have the Daily wires own Alicia Kraus
thank you all for joining amber why
would Barack Obama not destroy Isis
apparently it wasn't that hard
apparently it only took 11 months when
we decided we actually want to do it
why didn't he care I think there's this
weird kind of political correctness from
the left where they're actually afraid
to speak strongly to our enemies and
that's become even more apparent since
Donald Trump has taken office because
people kept really upset at him when he
uses strong language towards Isis or
regimes like North Korea um you'll
remember when he got in that Twitter
spat with Kim Jong hoon the left was
freaking out worrying about a nuclear
war so in some senses they're more
worried about the language that they're
using rather than actually defeating our
enemies they are concerned with language
because they think that they can speak
reality into existence city the
appearance is the reality but of course
that isn't the case the reality is the
reality and when you use a language that
doesn't comport with that eventually
people are going to stop believing you
you can't do that forever
Bradley Bush predicted it Obama
completely lost control over it and
Trump defeated these guys why are
Democrats so bad at foreign policy in
the last 20 years I can't answer that
question is really hard at some points a
head-scratcher exactly and the
interesting thing is Republican
presidents have been fairly consistent
with their foreign policy since the
Reagan era the greatness of the
Republican presidents is that they
understand that their generals and the
individuals on the ground will always be
better at assessing the situations and
so what Trump has done is delegated that
power back to his generals and what have
we seen in 11 months
Isis is taken down in six months we
declared victory in Mosul and we took
back one-third the territory that they
gained in 2015 under the Obama
administration so I believe there was a
lot of disingenuous attempts to spread
democracy and Wilsonian Democratic peace
theory through the Obama administration
we're no longer going out in building
nations we're going out in defeating
terrorists we can't build nations if the
pre-conditions to build the nation don't
exist but so the way we do that is fight
whatever surely if we're talking about
Wilsonian democracy and making the world
safe for democracy or whatever we do
have to bring up mr. Bush jr. that was
that the rousing second inaugural of
George W Bush was like a religious
sermon on freedom and freedom around the
world
how much blame should we put at george w
bush's feet and how does he compare to
Barack Obama
well I think you saw Hillary Clinton
trying to do that a lot and put the
blame on Bush for Barack Obama pulling
out of Iraq Barack Obama was supposed to
renegotiate with Iraqi government on how
many boots we were gonna keep on the
ground and how we won't maintain peace
in that region by limiting the
terrorists impact and Bush does share
some of this blame but not to the extent
that Barack Obama did because Bush as
you showed in your monologue predicted
all of these events if we were to
abandon Iraq and wilsonian foreign
policy aside trying to spread democracy
abroad aside there is a big difference
between George W Bush and Barack Obama
and that's one demonstrated political
courage and one demonstrated political
cowardice when Brahe when george w bush
rather ordered the surge in Iraq in 2007
it was the unpopular as one
could imagine but he he chose to do it
because it was the right thing to do and
Barack Obama pulled out of Iraq a war
that we had already won because he had
campaigned on it was an easy an easy
political decision for him and for his
base the then chose to go into a war in
Afghanistan the vast majority of deaths
in Afghanistan were under his watch
because he had campaigned on that being
the good war it was always questions of
expediency when it came to Barack Obama
and there was courage when it came to
george w bush but moving away from both
of those guys alicia mit romney famously
was pilloried for saying in 2012 that
the united states is greatest
geopolitical threat is Russia Barack
Obama said that the Muslim terrorists
who not pose an existential threat to
the United States where does Muslim
terrorism rank on all of the global
threats that we face I think radical
Muslim terrorism and Isis specifically
still ranks as number one even though we
have the prime minister of Iraq and you
know people leaders in Iran saying oh
we've eradicated Isis they're out of
here not true just four hours ago German
authorities released details that they
have made an arrest that they think was
the leader of a terror cell that came
directly from Syria and had we in george
w bush's defense by the way had he been
in power during the Arab Spring I know
he would have handled it better and
differently had he been in power during
the fall of you know the Egyptian leader
and the rise of the Muslim Brotherhood
they're different they're also now we're
dealing with Bashar al-assad who is
meeting with Putin and super chummy
so Mitt Romney was right not only is he
a decent human being he was absolutely
right on the geopolitical field of what
was going to happen and how dangerous
Russia is you know they're assisting
China who's assisting North Korea
they're assisting you know Assad in
Syria who is this who's very dangerous
for the reason region committing
genocide against his own people and all
those countries are assisting Iran this
is a problem and I really hope that you
know our Secretary of State general
mattis oh I'm a big fan of and president
Trump getting down to business and do
something about it very quickly but one
has to rank priorities because sometimes
these foreign policy threats conflict so
you would you would rank radical Islam
as the is the greatest threat is a
greater threat than Russia you say well
tied because Russia is feeding
radical Islam so it is a threat for sure
I think I think that Isis attacks on
Western civilization all over the world
is a massive threat but they are being
fed by the likes of Russia and there is
an existential threat here I mean it
depends if Russia appears to have a
relationship with Bashar Assad but
Bashar Assad has no fondness for Isis or
other Islamist groups that threaten his
power in Syria the thing that Putin and
Bashar Assad have in common is that they
they are fond of themselves and that's
about it a little fond of ourselves
definitely I'm definitely of the nikki
Haley mindset here that if you know if
we're using the excuse that Assad is
gonna help us defeat Isis he ain't the
kind of guide to invite to be on our
team well it's it's hard there are
always challenges between more
idealistic foreign policies and more
realpolitik foreign policies and there's
a strain of this in conservatism we've
been grappling with what to do between
these for all of the history of
conservatism and moves one way during
george w bush it's a different way under
Nixon it's a different way under Reagan
maybe Reagan fuses the two together but
a difficult situation and the one thing
I think we can all agree on is that
Barack Obama was dead wrong about it
because there are existential threats to
our civilization and our way of life and
it's not just about who controls some
piece of the Middle East it's about
ideas and it's about attacking the
foundations of civilizations that
sometimes come into conflict all right
we need to get on to the news we have a
lot of news we haven't talked about sex
once today I don't think this is the
longest we've gone without talking about
sex Oh talk about that when I'm on the
panel here we go I'm about to get
Weinstein's get my marshal throw out the
bathrobe rub I blew it the bathroom
without the bathtub keep that in there
we we have to talk about all of this sex
we have to talk about many other
wonderful stories we're going to attack
Harvard a little bit we're going to talk
about sex BOTS we're gonna talk about
Shaun King being a dum-dum but
unfortunately if you are subscribed only
on Facebook in YouTube you can't see the
rest of the show you have to go to daily
wire.com and subscribe and then you get
the whole rest of the show
you'll get no ads on the website you'll
get me the Ender Clavin show you get the
Ben Shapiro show yada yada yada thank
you to everyone who already subscribes
but you're always listening to this
anyway I appreciate it you for keeping
the lights on for those of you who are
not yet let me try to convince you huh
I've got three words buddy leftist tears
tumblr there it is with Isis in ruins
the left the Obama era tears that got
people who said he was going to
institute a new world peace he was going
to make the world love us they are gonna
be gushing tears and you are gonna need
a vessel to contain all of them that's
why you need to go to daily wired.com
right now we'll be right back
all right back to sex finally finally
this is this whole week the whole last
two weeks is just sex sex sex I guess
that's fine by me it's scintillating
enough to read the news
Al Franken as you know is under fire
there was another allegation against him
that he groped a woman's derriere during
the State Fair he I know I know I really
like it when these guys who were so
sanctimonious about sex then it turns
out that they are kind of creepy
themselves so in typical fashion
Saturday Night Live liberal women
empowered feminists what did they do
when they found out their former
colleague has been groping women they
issued a statement of support for Al
Franken they supported Frank
they don't believe his accusers or they
don't care about his accusers they are
just supporting their buddy because
they're totally full of it speaking of
people who are totally full of it on the
issue of sexual deviancy we have to talk
about Charlie Rose Charlie Rose has been
fired he's that droning slothy zombie
who's at CBS and gives terrible
interviews because he doesn't know
anything about the people that he's
interviewing and might not have ever
read a whole book in his life Charlie
Rose has been fired for multiple sexual
harassment scandals apparently people
have known about this this producer have
known about this forever and just to
refresh your memory
here is Steve Steve Rose Charlie Rose
grandstanding on the issue of sexual
assault and naughty language - Steve
Bannon just a few months ago they do
care about values and they do care about
respect for women it's not just locker
room talk locker room talk the Billy
Bush thing is like I'm talking by the
way we have we have a but you agree the
empirical evidence to prove this
Democrat rep let's just point this at
John Conyers is also denying sexual
harassment claims as we speak I assume
since we started the show another 12 or
15 Democrat congressman have been
accused of sexual harassment we'll try
to update you as I checked Twitter
during the questions section Alicia what
is going on this is really really weird
I obviously we've been talking about
this a lot over the last two weeks
what has spurred this crazy air
we've seen it trickling a little bit
with Cosby we know the individual
incidents but culturally from a bigger
level why are we all grappling with
sexual assault right now I think that
really to her credit gretchen carlson
when she came forward against roger
ailes it was something that the
mainstream media was like oh my god this
is amazing we could try to take down
FoxNews they obviously failed there and
credit to Gretchen for coming forward
publicly megyn kelly and other women at
fox or a brave and came forward as well
and I think that once the mainstream
media saw that this like you used the
word titillating and interesting and
increase their clicks it increased their
ratings they they were though the blood
was in the water and they were pouncing
and ready for more I do think that there
is an aspect of women you know as they
hear other women come forward they
become more comfortable with coming
forward and sharing their stories credit
to Leeanne tweet and these other people
for doing this the Conyers thing by the
way is just atrocious I think our very
own Amanda Chris Giacomo wrote a really
great piece that outlines how our
taxpayer dollars have been settling HR
and ethics and sexual violent sexual
assault complaints in Congress for years
our tax dollars have been covering these
guys butts for their crappy behavior and
I don't know I mean even my liberal
girlfriends I think would be able to get
on board with saying our tax dollars
should not be covering that you and I
have been paying out hush money to cover
up Democrat sexual deviance in fairness
there are sexual deviants on both sides
of the aisle huh but recently we're
seeing the spate of Democrats but
Bradley is there something in the air I
was talking to Andrew Clavin about this
last night he thinks what we're seeing
is the end of the Clinton era that if
Bill Clinton were if Hillary Clinton had
been elected and Bill Clinton were in
the White House right now none of this
would be happening because then there
would be uncomfortable questions about
the First Gentleman and ironic title if
ever there were one is that what we're
seeing are we seeing the end of
clintonism this Clinton break for
women's progress or is it something else
I think that hopefully I could be wrong
about this that the mainstream media is
figuring out that if they actually want
to be pro women's rights they can't be
for anyone who has committed sexual
assault regardless of their political
affiliation
and it's funny because now the
mainstream media is adopting
conservative standards that if you are
acting sexually immoral you should be
removed from whatever position of power
you have and it's refreshing to me to
know that all of these individuals are
older individuals within these political
and media spheres and hopefully my
generation in our generation will be if
it's coming forward and push candidates
and push individuals and politicians
that are moral and act with respect for
women in every aspect you give them more
credit than I do I don't think there's
anything high-minded about their
realizations I don't think they suddenly
woke up one day and said ah I know the
way to advance women's rights is to
attack those scumbags that we've been
covering for for two decades I think
maybe I'm a little jaded or a little
cynical but I think it's because they've
been attacking Roy Moore Bill Clinton
the big albatross on sexual issues for
Democrats is finished
he's totally done and I think they
realized the only way we can continue to
attack guys like Roy Moore is if we
clean a little bit of house ourselves
amber tell me that I'm too jaded and too
cynical or are we heading into a new
Victorian era I 100% agree with you
actually I think as soon as this stuff
about Roy Moore came out a lot of
conservatives myself included were
critiquing the media asking why didn't
you do this for people like Bill Clinton
why didn't you do this for all the
people that you've been covering for for
all of these years and they started to
realize if their claims against Roy
Moore were going to be credible then
they had to go out and clean out
basically clean house of all of these
abusers that have been sitting at news
desks with them for years and I know
that this is true because just last week
our excuse me last year during the
presidential election the media ran
defense for Bill Clinton whenever it was
brought up in relation to Donald Trump
they always shut down whatever pundit
was on TV with them they called the
allegations against him discredited and
those are the same the same exact
language that people use to defend
Donald Trump so the media started to
wise up and realize well look if the
conservatives are going to be on board
with us attacking people like Donald
Trump and Roy Moore then we're going to
have to finally come out events against
Oakland and by the way it doesn't
actually matter anymore anyway because
he's not in power yeah it's over I think
they for a while it was more important
to them to keep Bill Clinton than to hit
Republican sexual deviants but now that
that Clinton's over it's much more fun
for them to attack Trump or Roy Moore I
also think that you've seen the tides
turn specifically and we talked about
this the other day millennial women
voters even the liberal ones didn't get
out and vote for Hillary Clinton because
they did care about the Bill Clinton
aspect and you have been pointed it out
on his podcast a couple days ago and I
think he is accurate and saying it's
interesting that all of these reports
that we're seeing typically tend to be
these dirty old men there has been thank
god a generational change where men
don't do this anymore or they realize
that it's not appropriate in the
workplace anymore and so you don't
really have that many Generation Xers or
Millennials that are going out there and
doing this kind of stuff in the
workplace Alicia give them time give
those dirty dogs some time wait till
they turn 60 right yeah they're young
and good-looking now just wait until
they get old and creepy yeah I'm less up
phul than you are I think all right
enough about sex for now don't worry
we'll get back to sex we'll go back to
the all the sex spots later on but first
let's make fun of Harvard a little bit
the DOJ is currently investigating
Harvard University first University in
the country for racial discrimination in
its admissions practices because of
affirmative action specifically they're
talking about discrimination against
Asian American students who are applying
and being disadvantaged because Asian
American students on average do very
well on tests and there have been de
facto quotas at universities for decades
now so often we hear about the side of
affirmative action that gives people an
unfair advantage so students who come
from either poor places or because of
the color of their skin or where they
come from or whatever they get a little
boost when it comes to college
applications very rarely are we willing
to consider the logically necessary flip
side of that coin which is that students
who are more qualified who have on just
on paper better applications will be
disadvantaged
if you give someone else an advantage
for another reason Alicia is there any
reason in 2017 to continue the practice
of affirmative action in college
admissions
I really think that it is damaging and
now we're at typically seeing that I
think the next generation I'm sorry I'm
all about generation say I've just been
reading lots of studies about them but
you'd talked a couple weeks ago to
Kristin salty Sanderson about the
Generation Z right they're the best
and they're potentially gonna be really
the best and I think that the
Conservatives have an opportunity to win
them over politically but in addition to
that they're the most racially diverse
and they're now going to be majority
minority most of them come from mixed
families most of them come from what
typically was minority families in what
for every other generation in the United
States and so really when you look at
the beauty of America and the melting
pot that we have become just hold
everybody to the same standards and
we've seen that Harvard isn't the only
one that's done this there are some
professors that came out a couple years
ago at UCLA that had said during the
admissions process they knew that people
in the admissions department would see
an Asian last name and they
automatically deduct SAT points or not
pay as much attention to that student's
essay because they suspected that the
Asian students IQ was going to be better
than that
of a Hispanic or an african-american or
even a white Caucasian student that's
just ridiculous let's like stop looking
at people's names
let's stop assuming their ethnicities
and let's get down to the brass tacks of
are they qualified and able to go to
that school or not but but then of
course the lefties won't be able to hang
on to their favorite politics that's
right yeah that's right that's right
amber is there you know 25 years ago
when Sandra Day O'Connor upheld maybe a
little bit less when the Supreme Court
upheld affirmative action Sandra Day
O'Connor wrote and said that over time
it would become less important to have
affirmative action and eventually it
would be ruled unconstitutional or done
away with it was almost admitting that
it's unconstitutional but it simply was
being upheld to correct some historic
wrong has that time now come is it
important in the upcoming Supreme Court
sessions that we overturn or demon
constitutional affirmative action
policies I think it has common
Alicia said the upcoming generation is
one of the most racially diverse I mean
what end the generation that has some of
the most opportunities available to them
and I think affirmative action is
especially damaging in the sense that it
admits people who aren't qualified for
universities and ultimately is just
setting them up to fail so the Liberals
sort of push this policy as some kind of
kind gesture in order to give
disadvantaged groups opportunities but
is actually very cruel in the sense that
you're admitting these people who are
probably going to fail out their
freshman year or they're not going to
make it through the four years they're
wasting money's on the education system
only to leave without a degree I
actually read a piece in the Georgetown
student newspaper yesterday that's where
I went to school and there was a student
they had admitted who finished his
junior year of high school with a 1.5
GPA and Georgetown is supposed to be a
prestigious university and you can guess
what happened the student failed two
classes his freshman year and then ended
up having to take a year off for health
issues and he's not even sure if he's
going to graduate so I think it's really
disappointing to see liberals claiming
kindness when really they're just
harming these people and damaging them
financially to the road to hell is paved
with good intentions and there is what
you're talking about is mismatch theory
Scalia was called a racist for bringing
this up but it's a well substantiated
theory which is that if a university
admits somebody who isn't qualified then
they're not going to excel there maybe
they'll graduate but they won't do very
well and that will follow them
throughout their lives whereas actually
sorry well it's happening in law schools
as well and there's actually studies
that have come out that have shown that
minority students are passing the bar at
much lower rates and it's mainly because
less qualified applicants are being
admitted through affirmative action
programs it's it's really no good
because if you go to a school that
you're qualified for then you have a
chance of doing well there and
succeeding and moving up an academic
ladder or professional ladder but if
you're constantly failing it's very
difficult to pull yourself back up
there's also a realization that you know
sometimes and this coming from the
college dropout here that ended up
working in talk radio and now is still
in media so maybe I haven't done the
college dropouts have talked to talk
radio and done very well and that not as
successful as Russian Sean but thanks
for that but I think that we need to
come to through realization to is that
kids cannot be whatever they want to be
I think Mike Rowe did a video about this
over at Prager University
maybe kids shouldn't follow their
passion you might want to feel like you
should be an attorney and debate and
argue before the Supreme Court one day
but you also might not be able to cut it
so you should figure out a profession
that you're actually decent at that's
gonna pay you for the rest of your life
you know it might be this thing that
we've been told since we were kids you
can be whatever you want to be you can
do whatever you want that has maybe led
to this moment where a little boy thinks
that he can become a big grown woman or
vice versa but again we are limited by
in part our biology by our circumstances
by time and space and unfortunately I
will never be a ballerina no matter how
much I try let's get to sex pots are you
ready to talk about sex pots it's been
it's been almost 35 seconds since we
last talked about sex the sex pot demand
has been skyrocketing around the world
there are brothels across Europe that
are now firing women and just hiring
plastic dolls the men would prefer the
dolls
according to porn star Harriet sugar
cookie I think that's her Christian name
she said you can get almost anything you
want it's a fantasy a doll with three
boobs no problem
elf ears sure a cat tail why not and
they make them look super realistic I'm
just gonna take a moment and think about
that yeah that's very very strange very
hard to process don't know that I can
three boobs a cat tail and elf ears
Alicia what is your expert here what
your are you know on this question of
artificial sex versus real sense virtual
sex versus real people is the culture
moving toward a fake reality toward an
illusion is it is that the essence of
the sex pots or is it just that perverts
can't find women to fulfill their
fantasies it's like a mix of Hunger
Games meets brave new world
a book that hasn't even been written yet
and probably shouldn't be I never
thought I would defend the profession of
the oldest profession in the world but I
mean these poor women getting like talk
about the fight for 15 in minimum wage I
knew McDonald's was replacing cashiers
with robots but now apparently hookers
are being replaced by them two things
real tough in that business it's really
hard with industrialization like this I
just I kind of am like if you're gonna
be the creeper the creepy creepy creeper
that doesn't just want a hooker but
wants a robot hooker you go do your
thing and us conservatives will be
fruitful and multiply and then we're
gonna eventually take over the world
this is my only hope for the future and
I will keep repeating it and beating
that drum forever Bradley I think you're
the youngest guy on this panel you're
one of those Jen's ears maybe maybe
you're at the end of the Millennials
what is it about the removal from real
people you know I know now all of dating
happens on a phone you just swipe
there's a lot of texting in the old days
in my day that wasn't the case they're
obviously porn is on the rise globally
among younger and younger people there
was a study that came out that one in 10
teenagers under 18 have tried anal sex
with a partner of the opposite sex I
think it's three and ten by twenty five
these kids are getting kind of weird and
kinky but it's also less real it's also
more digital it's also more virtual what
does that say about the dating scene
what why are people substituting
illusion for the real thing
I think it's superficial and it's based
on instant gratification women won't
necessarily give you exactly what you
want when you want it and so you need a
robot to do it
sadly apparently and I think that this
trend is very clear in Japan where if
you look at your pants population in the
1990s it looked like a Christmas tree
but now it's starting to look like a
spinning top and it's because Japanese
women are actually turning towards
erotic apps because Japanese men can't
connect to them on a personal level and
so Japanese men are turning towards
video games and sex robots and
coincidentally those sex robots look
like Christmas trees with on spinning
tops which is really weird now you would
never expect exactly
there's no stream of three spending tops
on the cattail okay don't forget the
elephant's yeah you know I almost want
my Spock ears on the show but I thought
it was gonna be a little too nerdy yeah
I I just pray that America doesn't fall
into this trap I think that we saw the
movie called her where he falls into
falls in love with a Siri character
played by Scarlett Johansson or
something like that and I just pray that
we keep in mind that instant
gratification isn't the way to build a
proper society I mean if you look at the
polarization of politics and
sensationalization of media it's had
effects in the political realm and I
hope that we don't take that to our
Bevans well I don't know I always think
about politics in the bedroom amber
there it to be devil's advocate people
who are saying that these sex dolls
aren't just the end of human existence
they're saying that it's a good outlet
for perverts to indulge their sexual
fantasies without hurting people
pedophiles for instance if you have
sexual fantasies about children then you
can use one of these little dolls and
then you don't have to hurt a child does
that argument hold water or no god no I
mean who is the person that's making a
child sex doll pretty rich in certain
parts of the world apparently but I
don't know maybe we'll pass laws against
it yeah I mean I think this whole thing
is rather disturbing and I'm gonna be
really original here and blame liberals
for this because I think a lot of this I
think a lot of this comes out of these
sort of like free love anything-goes
movement where liberals have told people
for years and years that you can indulge
whatever your weird sexual desires are
and nobody can judge you for it and now
and we've always said that there were
some things that people should be judged
for like pedophilia and now apparently
we're at the point where well we're
gonna judge you but we're also going to
provide an outlet for your weird desires
so everything is spiraling downhill into
this sexual degeneracy and I think it
also just causes people not to value
human relationships and human sexual
relationships as much which leads to the
sexual harassment culture so everything
goes ulcer it just feeds the lust it
just feeds the sin
yeah Alicia you brought up these poor it
now impoverished prostitutes who are
seeing their their wages go down isn't
there something to be said though that
prostitution is a vicious and terrible
industry that's why we have laws against
it as we don't want women who are
desperate to fall into this abusive
industry with if there are sex dolls for
men to go and have their fun with won't
that create an incentive to get rid of
prostitution and won't that be good for
women is it is it possible that like
both are bad and both are demoralizing
novel for society and we should maybe
say hey the buck stops here like we
don't want this done at all but if you
had to make a choice if you had to say
we have a world in which because that's
really what's being posed by the sexbots
if they're really spreading if they're
really shutting down brothels are the
sex spots better than the then the
prostitute so then prostitution for
women you know if wishes were fishes
we'd all be swimming in riches but it is
a fallen world if you had to choose one
sort of decadence and debauchery
would you take the robots or the
real-life hookers why why are you doing
this to me I don't like this question at
all
I say neither neither neither can i I
mean yeah amber Bradley any thoughts
2016 Michael don't do the binary choice
again it was also a good decision then
it's been a pretty good year as we just
talked about Isis being defeated amber
are you going to take a stand against
robots no are you gonna I am really
curious about this question because I
think there's an unwillingness to deal
with it we can say well we should outlaw
the sex robots and we should keep
prostitution illegal well you know
they're both bad things but it poses a
real question for society it's very easy
for conservatives to say that
pornography is bad and virtual sex is
bad and yada yada yada but is it
possible that there is a something good
that might come out of it which would be
the protection of women in desperate
circumstances maybe I think the problem
though is that if you rely on the the
sex robots like I said you take away the
human
interaction from people they start to
value human relationships less and when
they do get into human relationships I
think they're more likely to act
improperly or abuse those people because
they haven't been taught what the rules
are so I don't like this would you
rather game either that's a great point
and CS Lewis brings this up when he
talks about animal cruelty he says the
reason not to abuse animals is not
because the animals have some rights or
something but because it makes you
crueler it definite dulls your humanity
and certainly that that's the moral
hazard with you know weird sex robots or
something is it to the greatest extreme
makes you view people as objects you are
literally objectifying people and that
that can't be good for your own humanity
we're gonna end on an excellent tweet
just a tweet that personifies that it
totally embodies left-wing activism in
2017 Shaun King the BLM activist who
recently blocked me on Twitter because i
quoted his own words at him
Shaun King sent out a tweet and he said
ungrateful is the new N word the word
ungrateful because Donald Trump called
Lavar ball ungrateful after his child
was released from that Chinese jail
because of because of Donald Trump's
machinations with the Chinese government
and so Shaun King said this was a racist
statement and ungrateful as the new
n-word now it's worth pointing out that
Donald Trump is also called Chelsea
Manning ungrateful and called rapper Mac
Miller not only ungrateful but an
ungrateful dog both of whom are white
people Amber is ungrateful Danu n-word
are these racist dog whistles coming out
of the White House no obviously not
I as with a lot of donald trump's feets
i think it was maybe a little bit
tone-deaf not in the sense that it was
racist at all but just that it was kind
of not very presidential but i mean what
else is new but on the other side of the
coin you have this weird theme where
Donald Trump did a really great thing
and got through UCL best UCLA basketball
players out of a Chinese prison and the
father of one of them has been
incredibly unkind
to the the person who basically saved
his son so no I don't think it's a
racial thing and I actually saw a hot
take on CNN yesterday where one of their
guests said that Donald Trump is
unwilling to attack white men on Twitter
and I'm sure all of us could probably
name like ten white men each they do
accuse this they often say that the word
thug is now a euphemism for the n-word
you probably saw this during the
Ferguson riots and and the black lives
matter Sommers Bradley are these
euphemisms or is it okay to call a thug
a thug and an in rate and in grade well
actually I'm taking a class that's
political justice and it's basically
Reagan bashing one a lot and they kind
of lay out the narrative on why the
Nixon and Reagan administration's
actually we're using the n-word when
they were using all these euphemisms
like we're gonna be tough on crime we're
going to be tough on thugs and things
like that and it's not convincing but
the problem is we're seeing a growing
divide in Republicans and Democrats on
this appeal research a study came out
that says there's a 50 point difference
between Republicans and Democrats when
they ask the question that racial
discrimination is the main reason why
many black people can't get ahead these
days and we're in 2017 we're 60 years
out of Jim Crow but then you see Netflix
documentary documentaries like the 13
saying that no matter what we do our
criminal justice system will always be
conflating criminality with the n-word
so I think that it's smart labeling by
the left to get their narrative out
there and to attract a large bloc of
voters in American society but no it's
it's not complaining people who commit
crimes with african-americans and if you
insist that african-americans and people
who commit crimes are the same than you
and yourself you are making a racist
argument
Alicia you are an insightful commentator
but Shaun King is not why does anybody
care what this guy thinks oh gosh who
knows because you know he was ahead of
black lives matter in the
me over at the young turks or some
progressive young turks in new york
times all the same who knows they're all
the same but it's just like it's the do
as I say not as I do and I'm sorry I I
tend to agree with my black friends who
say I don't use that word I am a woman
the B word could be used to describe to
me and sometimes especially when I'm
cutting lanes on the 101 but who you
know I still don't use that word toward
myself or my girlfriends and I would
expect black people to do the same just
this everything about trumping racists
it's like come on guys I didn't even
vote for the guy he's not my favorite
person in the world but you're really
reaching here I mean the the latest one
yesterday was that apparently he's
racist now because the two turkeys that
he's going to be pardoning on
Thanksgiving Day are white it's like
Poe's law in action it's so absurd that
you can't tell if it's parody that's
true with this administration though and
the mainstream media is and left its
reaction to it it's like wait is is this
Babylon be like it's a joke but no it is
not
unbelievable true and you know speaking
of those euphemisms is someone of
Sicilian descent anyone could use the T
word about me and I'll leave it to those
well-read italian scholars to know what
the t word is but you know it's okay man
i don't complain about it because I'm
grateful I'm especially grateful for you
panel of deplorable --zz have a very
happy Thanksgiving if I don't talk to
you tomorrow
Bradley Devlin amber Athey and Alicia
crass The Daily wire zone thank you for
being here grateful that guy levar bulb
was ungrateful and there's so much to be
grateful for right now we've defeated
Isis the economy is booming foreign
policy is back on track deregulation at
huge government agencies massive
deregulation New York Times is
complaining about it almost every day
we've got tax reform on the table great
originalist justices all the way up at
the Supreme Court and being nominated to
the lower courts this is pretty good
there's a lot to be thankful for this
Thanksgiving and I'm thankful for you
okay
come back tomorrow we have got a really
fun Thanksgiving Day special that we're
going to be running the real history of
Thanksgiving and why it's evidence of
God's providence for the pilgrims I'll
be talking about my four Mayflower
ancestor
some of whom were great really virtuous
pious guys and one of whom was the first
criminal executed in the new the new
world in that colony so doing it
tomorrow I'm like Knowles's in my own
old show come back tomorrow we'll do it
all again
the Michael Noel's show is produced by
Marshall Benson executive producer
Jeremy boring senior producer Jonathan
Hague
supervising producer Mathis Glover our
technical producer is Austin Stevens
edited by Alex's and Garo audio is mixed
by Mike Cora Mina hair and makeup is by
Jeshua alvera the Michael nul show is a
daily wire for word publishing
production copyright for word publishing
