my name is Andrew Clavin and this is a
story I wrote called another Kingdom
performed by Michael Knowles today an
episode one suddenly I was in a stone
room hung with tapestries there was a
woman lying on the floor she was
beautiful and she was dead there was a
bloody gash in her gown right below her
breasts there was blood in a pool all
around her and there was blood on the
dagger I was holding in my hand
another Kingdom episode one no one is
told any story but his own CS Lewis the
truth is by the time everything went
crazy I was pretty much crazy already
edgy anxious hypochondriasis just a dude
but somebody I used to be able to look
in the mirror and say that's me that's
Austin lively now
I was lost in a dark wood Hollywood haha
I've been told that Hollywood was where
you went if you wanted to sell your soul
to make movies I went but I never sold
my soul no one would buy it I just got
tired of carrying it around I did sell a
script once right out of film school a
daring original deeply personal take on
the sci-fi epics that were all the rage
three days in forever it was called I
sold three days in forever to one of the
major studios then spent the next two
years in development meetings with
producers and studio executives you ever
see jackals gutting the carcass of a
once beautiful gazelle that's what the
development meetings were like my script
was the gazelle the producers and
executives were the jackals I was the
asshole
the movie never got made after that I
wrote a script my agent couldn't sell
then I wrote a script my agent wouldn't
sell then then came that day when either
I went berserk or the world did or we
both went berserk together I still don't
know which
I slumped into Hitchcock's cafe that
morning wearing my sorrows like a
thundercloud hat Hitchcock's was a no
hota burn of stained wood and white
fairy lights
Barty are left as you come in liquor
bottles glittering green and white and
brown red with the light from the
flat-screen where the TV news was
flickering tables to your right
Hollywood hopefuls nursing coffee over
their laptops posters from old suspense
films hung on the walls here and there
glamorous stars of the 40s and 50s
making fearful faces with images of
danger surrounding them
speeding trains and gunmen and heroes
dangling from the Statue of Liberty's
lamp somehow the antique one sheets gave
the place an arty glamour there was my
crew at the long table by the restroom
door wannabes sellouts and hangers on oh
my not a one of them older than 33 and
all of them gone so wrong so young they
were picking at their muffins and
yogurts and coffee and reading the
postings on their handheld devices not
one of them saying a word not even hello
as I plunked down among them only Jane
Jane Jane away bothered to smile but
then she was in love with me Jane was
mousy slump shouldered shy but she could
have been beautiful she had a slim
graceful figure a sweet gentle oval face
she played her looks way down by wearing
schlumpy clothes and too little makeup
and by letting her long straight hair
hang in limp brown strands that way see
she never upstaged Alexis Meriwether the
spectacularly gorgeous movie star she
worked for and she never tempted David
Thune the also spectacularly gorgeous
movie star who was Alexis's husband Dave
exes the tabloids called the couple Jane
Jane away worked as their personal
assistant read slave Ted Wexler sitting
next to her was assistant to a literary
agent
Ted aspired to be a sleazy anxious
dirtbag like his boss and it looked like
he had a fine career of it ahead of him
Rennie n across from him was a Eurasian
stunner tall and lean and only 20 I'm
not
sure I ever heard her speak but the
corners of her mouth lifted expressively
sometimes she worked reception at a
public relations office while
auditioning for acting and modeling jobs
chad valentine was a short slim aspiring
actor of the boyishly brooding type dark
hair soulful eyes long vaguely feminine
and vaguely seductive features I never
knew what he did for money I'm not sure
I wanted to know
Skylar Cohen was the waitress a large
buxom woman ballooning the unofficial
Hitchcock black t-shirt black skirt and
black tights she was 30 or there abouts
short spiky red hair and a face at once
cherubic and furious she was trying to
be a comic working open mic nights at
clubs slinging jokes about what pigs men
are like all comics she was angry and
miserable I never met one who wasn't she
smacked my coffee mug down in front of
me like a hanging judges gavel Skylar
hated me because she actually kind of
liked me but she loved Jane Jane away
who let her live in her house but wasn't
interested in her because she was
interested in me it was complicated I
lifted the mug to my lips and stared
Bleakley through the steam what a bunch
I said bitterly staring at our devices
we don't even look at each other anymore
Ted Wexler raised his eyes from his
handheld and studied me I'm looking at
you you look like shit chad and ren yin
gave me a curious glance ren nodded Wow
said chad almost exactly like shit
skyler paused in tidying up the crumbs
around jane's granola took a look for
herself the resemblance is uncanny
Jane tender-hearted Jane started to say
cut it out you guys but then she saw me
too and said oh wow
what the hell happened to you said
Skylar my sigh rippled the black surface
of my coffee
I heard from my agent I said he didn't
like your new script said Jane oh is
this gonna be one of those Hollywood
failure stories said wex I love those
said Chad they make me feel so much
better about my life he fired me I said
Oh Austin said Jane she put a consoling
hand on my arm which made me feel even
worse he can't fire you said Wexler he
works for you he told me I needed to
find an agent who was a better fit Wow
said Wexler he fired you the script must
have really blown the big whistle must
have sucked the hairy straw must have
eaten at Ted said Jane what just saying
but that was exactly the problem the
script had in fact eaten whatever it was
Ted was about to say it had eaten it was
a terrible script cliched and lifeless
the work of a cynical no-talent trying
to play to the market I think I had
Talent once I must have all those awards
I won in film school but failure had
beaten the vision atomy I've gotten so
I'd do anything to avoid the ghuli punch
of rejection
I used to consult my muse before
deciding what project to work on
nowadays I consulted the box office
charts I would call my age in my former
agent and ask him what are the buyers
looking for zombies spaceships
superheroes great I have this idea about
a superhero on a spaceship full of
zombies I'm really excited about it I
think you're gonna like it so the script
was crap I knew it after I sent the
final draft of my agent I immediately
caught a cold that lasted six weeks when
the cold cleared up and my agent still
hadn't called I sank into a depression
so bad I finally had to take myself to a
psychiatrist she said I had a chemical
imbalance and gave me a prescription for
some pills I filled the prescription and
read the label possible side-effects
impotence and constipation I hadn't been
with a woman for three months but I did
still go to the bathroom sometimes so I
flushed the pills down the toilet
chemical imbalance my ass for the next
two weeks i sat in my room with the
lights out and waited for my agent to
call and reject the script as it
deserved
I wasn't expecting him to fire me though
life retained its capacity
to surprise Hey look said Chad lifting
his chin toward the bar behind me isn't
that your famous and successful brother
on TV man said Wexler that's got to make
you feel like shit doesn't it you
already look like shit but that Ted said
Jane Jane away what just sayin
I looked over my shoulder at the
flatscreen behind the bar and yes there
was my famous and successful brother all
right
with his great handsome head and his
viking beard and his swept-back golden
hair and his broad shouldered frame in
his three-piece suit and his PhD in
comparative sociology from harvard and
the title of his latest best-selling
book on the chyron creating equality and
his name dr. Richard lively orosco
Institute and yes it did make me feel
like shit almost exactly the resemblance
was uncanny when I left Hitchcock's I
drove to global studios
I had a freelance job there as a story
analyst a story analyst is a fancy name
for a reader
he reads things on assignment books
screenplays articles for each thing he
reads he writes a summary and gives his
opinion about why it would or would not
make a good movie this is called
coverage his boss reads the coverage and
then he can pretend he read the book or
the screenplay and has an opinion about
it I'm sure my agent had a reader read
my script before he fired me I'm sure he
didn't read it himself no one reads in
Hollywood except readers like me my
brother Richard had gotten me this
freelance gig when the money from my
script sale ran out I had called him in
a humiliating panic I'm broke I don't
know what to do my brother put me on
hold for about three minutes then he
came back on and told me I had a reader
job at mythos a production company my
brother could do that because mythos had
a deal with global studios and surger
osco the billionaire who funded my
brothers think-tank also owned global
not to mention major newspapers
television stations and publishing
houses around the world Richard and
Serge were pals
I drove to the studio in my
eight-year-old niece on a sputtering
lunch scratched and dented piece of
scrap on wheels a car in LA is like an
accent in English it instantly reveals
everything about you
my Nissan sputtered along a freeway
streaked with the after images of the
sleek low-slung racers that were
flashing past me each as quick as a
dismissive glance a picture came into my
mind as I drove a wistful memory that
returned to me often these days I was a
little boy maybe five or six or so I was
sitting on the floor in the back room of
our house in Berkeley my father and
mother were professors at the University
there they were in the next room over
the living room my brother was with them
he was seven years older than I was
so maybe twelve or thirteen the three of
them were discussing books and big ideas
there lockjaw drawls thick with a tone
of intellectual superiority my little
sister Reilly only two or three had
vanished into a long storage space
hidden behind a sliding wall panel she
liked to crawl around in there and then
return to tell long-winded stories about
the secret hiding hole she'd found but I
I was aware of none of them
I was completely immersed in an
imaginative the universe of my own I was
arranging plastic figures against a
backdrop I'd made out of colored paper
taped to a cardboard box space Knights
and alien monsters and villainous
galactic tyrants were doing battle in
front of my crayon drawing of starry
darkness I whispered their dialogue to
myself as I moved them into their
various positions creating tableau
acting out scenes making movies of the
mind and there was within me a stillness
of complete delight I remembered it as
if in the act of creation my brainwaves
had arranged themselves into their
native patterns and my flesh was
speaking the silent language of my
original spirit delight delight
creation and delight where had the
purity of that impulse gone where had
that original spirit gone what had this
City done to me what had I done to
myself the global picture studio lot was
a white walled fortress that rose out of
the long dismal storefront flatlands of
Melrose Avenue the main entrance was the
famous DaVinci gate a victory arch of
gold and marble topped with elaborate
iron filigree a rokoko relic of the
industry's Golden Age I thought of the
two-tone rolls-royce phantoms that once
carried actors through that gate into
immortality my Nissan farted pitiably as
it idled on a line of beamers and
Tesla's waiting to enter it was autumn a
cool and sunny day I parked in one of
the spaces near the gate and walked past
soundstages barracks as large as
dinosaurs some had their enormous doors
open and I peeked in as I passed at the
fake interiors of tv-shows a police
precinct a suburban home a set of law
offices
I always liked being on the lot it made
me feel like I was still part of the
city's glamorous enterprise and how
pathetic was that like the guy who
shovels out the elephant pen at the
circus maybe you should get a better job
what and leave show business the
production company was in the Edison
building a long four story barn of
yellow brick circa 1930 inside I walked
through a maze of identical hallways
past identical office doors and up
sudden stairways that led to other
hallways and other door is equally
identical mythos was on floor three a
flashy modern suite of offices once you
push through the Depression era door
hosters decorated the walls behind the
cubicles one sheets from the film's they
made most of them in the captain's
samurais superhero franchise a big money
series of comic book tentpoles about a
young man whose end powers of something
gave him the ability to something
something something who the hell cares
captain samurai captain samurai
vengeance captain samurai apocalypse
captain samurai origins the reboot and
so on my boss the story editor candy
philocan was on a call when I arrived so
said her assistant a willowy boy named
Ken with a face so bland it could have
been featureless he gave me a bottle of
water and I sat and waited in the chair
beside his desk waited and waited twenty
minutes twenty-five staring hypnotized
at the posters thinking what utter
schlock these samurai pictures were and
how I would have sold my soul to have a
screen credit on any one of them I
remembered myself a little boy sitting
on the floor laying out stories with my
figures creation and delight finally Ken
said Andy is ready for you she was sleek
and smart and pretty in an adamant sort
of way sable hair just so and bright
brown eyes just so and nose just so and
her smile and her Jim toned figure and
her khaki pants suit all business short
she shook my hand when I came into her
office and her hand was cool and dry she
sat in the big armchair in front of her
desk poised and confident her legs
crossed at the knee i sat on the sofa in
front of her sinking deep into the
cushions so that I felt small a
supplicant hand he asked me if I had
made any discoveries this week if any of
the scripts and novels I'd read might
provide movie material for mythos I
snorted an answer handy I said sometimes
I swear reading this crap day after day
I feel like a psychiatrist in hell like
I'm listening to the twisted fantasies
of damned souls whose last desperate
hope for redemption is to transform
their perverse imaginings into something
like a story so that would be no said
candy with a mirthless laugh a laugh
that said she knew me knew exactly who I
was had seen a hundred smartass and
never was like me in this job and would
see a hundred more before she beat the
odds and made executive
I was out of her office in five minutes
out again in the maze-like halls my
thundercloud funk hat now settling down
to embrace the whole of me a thunder
function out swathed in the brown fog of
it lost and gloomy thought I lectured
myself I should give it up this dream of
Hollywood success I should go to law
school like my mother wanted get a PhD
like my father said get out of the
business Austin Lively before you wake
up one day and you're 50 and you've
never done anything but sit around
coffee shops whining that the movies are
no good anymore while other men make
movies creation and delight it was at
this point that I looked up and realized
I was lost lost in the edison building i
wasn't sure which of the identical
hallways i was in or which of the
identical doors i was in front of or
even what floor I was on I read the
plaques on the wall neather way pictures
Perdita productions just Neufeld and
company I'd never heard of any of them
and I gone down a flight of stairs I
couldn't remember I didn't see a
stairway anywhere how was I supposed to
get out of here there was a door at the
end of the hall I figured that was my
best bet a stairwell probably I went to
it quickly feeling like an idiot I tried
the knob it turned easily I pushed it
open and stepped through I let out a
frightened Shou fighting for balance
suddenly I was on the edge of a
tremendous drop at the ledge of a high
window blue sky swirled above me filled
with stone towers and conical roofs and
tilted confusion something sparkled and
spun through the air beneath me toward
the sparkling water far below there was
noise behind me thundering footsteps
shouts my arm flew out for balance as I
staggered back from the ledge I turned
around I looked around stunned confused
I was in a stone room hung with
tapestries there was a woman on the
floor in a pool of blood
the woman was beautiful and she was dead
she was 20 at most with round cheeks and
a noble brow and golden hair spilling
round her face like a halo she was
stretched out on the cold gray stone
I'm clothed in a long legged down of
some fine white material there was a
bloody gash in the fabric right below
her breasts blood stained her bodice
there was blood in a pool all around her
and there was blood on the dagger the
dagger I was holding in my hand
there was blood dripping off the point
of it onto the slab between my feet
someone started pounding on the door
maybe I should have tried to escape or
thought to drop the knife or thought
something but I couldn't think at all I
couldn't understand what I was seeing
how I was seeing it what was happening
to me where I was and I wandered onto a
movie set and the knife in my hand what
the fuck I looked around in an idiot
dazed someone was still pounding
insistently at the door and yet my eyes
roamed stupidly over the tapestries on
the wall torches flamed in the spaces
between them the wavering light giving
life to elegant medieval scenes of
Reapers and fields Huntsman on horseback
gentlemen and ladies dancing daintily
hand in hand the pounding pounding
pounding at the heavy wooden door seemed
far away and unreal then the wood told
the terrible cracking noise and the door
burst in a small army of men flooded the
room men in black leather and chainmail
men with drawn swords that flashed in
the flame light from the torches oh god
she's dead one of them shouted I stared
at them my mouth open I thought this had
to be over in a moment it was some kind
of hallucination that's all in another
moment everything would be normal again
the men there were six of them parted
into two groups of three as a seventh
man came in behind them and pushed to
the front
he was obviously the leader tall and fit
and broad and ramrod straight
black-haired and black-bearded he wore a
red vest with a gold dragon embroidered
on it he wore a sword and the scabbard
on his hip he wore an ironic expression
of disdain for the world he looked
handsome and bold his eyes went down to
the dead woman then up to me he sneer
you son-of-a-bitch he said without
thinking because what could I think what
the fuck was happening to me
I gestured at him with the dagger in my
hand he must have thought I was going to
attack him and a movement too Swift to
see he drew his sword and swept it at me
in a casually brutal arc a flat of the
heavy blades smacked into the side of my
head my mind seemed to go flying out of
my body and then snap back into it and
sink down and down into a murky distance
inside me the room the men the world all
accordioned away far away my eyes rolled
up in opposite directions I felt my legs
turned to jelly the dagger dropped from
my limp fingers and fell twirling to the
floor I wilted down after it the next
thing I knew I was dimly aware that two
men were holding me one gripping me
under each arm they were dragging me
thump thump thump down a torch lit
stairway my legs trailing limp my toes
bumping along behind me there was blood
in my eyes on my cheek I shook my head
trying to clear it I tried to speak but
my jaw hung slack I heard myself
groaning we reached the bottom of the
stairs I struggled to get my feet under
me I managed to stumble along as the two
guards hurried me onward by force my
head started to pulse with pain real
pain no hallucination as if a big pain
balloon were blowing up and deflating
inside me filling me with fresh pain
each time it was awful my mouth still
hanging open I looked around I caught
glimpses of an underground labyrinth of
dirt and stone a third guard was
striding ahead of us
leading the way corridors ran off left
and right under morbid archways heavy
iron doors were set here and there deep
in the huge Rock torches flamed and
flickered in sconces on the wall set far
enough apart so that the jittery shadows
melded into brooding darkness between
them the air stank of shit and despair
was happening I tried to say
where am i but the words came out blurry
like words in a dream a lap the lead
guard shouted there was a loud Clank of
metal Jesus creaked a sound echoing off
the vaulted ceiling a door swung open
somewhere I wasn't sure where my head
lolled on my shoulder as if it would
come loose and fall off my vision rolled
sickeningly I caught sight of fire
a torch nearer brighter than the others
I managed to turn toward it I saw a
horrid insect I a little man
the jailer he was no more than four feet
tall his bent and scrawny frame swimming
in a worn grey robe his head was cowled
but I could see the warty bug-eyed and
absurdly beak nosed face grinning
weirdly out of the folds of the cloth he
held his wildly flaming torch aloft in
his left hand in his right hand he held
a ring of enormous keys the keys clanked
and jingled as he walked toward us who's
this he said he had a voice like a
rusted machine slow and creaky his name
is Austin lively said the lead guard I
blinked shocked because that was my name
my actual name how could it be how could
he know me how could I be here how could
this be happening
he's charged with the murder of lady cat
of her love even with my brain be fogged
and rattled those horrible words shocked
some speech out of me I struggled weakly
in the grip of the guards murder I
shouted are you fucking nuts I didn't
kill anyone I don't even know what's
happening I don't know where I am the
words came out slurred thick indistinct
no one paid any attention
It was as if I'd made no sound at all
the jailer started down a corridor
muttering to himself and giggling
flipping through the keys on his ring
quick and pigeon-toed he scattered like
a roach the guards frog-marched me
- rim we passed under a brick arch I
turned from one guard to another one
stony indifferent face to another trying
to tell them it was all a mistake trying
to push the thick words past my thick
tongue no one even glanced at me
the jailer moved to one of the iron
doors the latch gave a hollow thunk as
he unlocked it the hinges groaned as he
hauled the door open a thick stench
poured out of the deeper darkness in the
cell beyond something within that
hellhole gave a deep animal huff of Rage
and hunger my eyes went wide this was
real this was really real and now the
guards were dragging me toward the cells
open doorway the jailer stood back and
watched grinning with sadistic pleasure
holding his torch to light the way his
warty face hideous in the wavering
flames terror went off inside me now
like a bomb I tried to dig my heels into
the dirt and stone of the floor tried to
stop the guards from dragging me into
that cell locking me in with whatever
was in there stop listen to me this is a
mistake I ain't do anything I don't
belong here I had no chance
the guards were big men much stronger
than I was and I was still weakened
dazed from the blow to my head and from
the shock of finding myself in this
impossible place they overpowered me
easily forced me past the grinning jail
forced me over the threshold hustled me
over the dirt floor as I struggled
hurled me face-first into the cell wall
I grunted as I hit the stone still I
spun around to try to fight but one
guard pressed his sword point hard into
the hollow of my throat making me gag
pinning me the other guards grabbed my
arms and snapped manacles around my
wrists what are you doing I shouted stop
it's a mistake I'm a story analyst too
late I was chained to the wall it all
happened in a second then the three
guards stood aside and I saw the monster
I had never heard myself scream
before not really not like this it just
broke out of me beyond my control
across the cell lit by the dancing
orange flames of the jailers torch stood
a massive and uncanny creature savage
brutal and utterly grotesque it was at
least twice as tall as the biggest guard
and huge at the center its torso a great
ball of meaty flesh it had arms the size
of a bull's haunches and stout short
legs bulging with muscle it wore nothing
but a filthy rag around its loins and
its flesh was covered everywhere with
thick curling filthy hair its face
horrible shaped like a squashed Boulder
with the wide bloody fanged mouth of a
shark a bulbous streaming nose the size
of a softball and one eye one immense
and dreadful I smack in the center of
its forehead I would not have believed
that a single eye could contain such
depths of ferocity such a rage for
bloodshed and destruction and it was
staring straight at me the thing was in
a frenzy struggling against its chains
sending up a sort of squealing roar that
spiraled up from one height of fury to
the next its dagger II teeth snapped and
flashed as it tried to get at me the
lead guard shared a laugh with the
others
yeah I don't want to get too close to
him he advised me with a smile it'll
take your head off with a single bite i
gaped at the creature i couldn't take my
eyes off him listen i said hoarsely to
the guard you can't leave me in here
with that thing this is all a mistake
the guards all laughed some more and the
jailer laughed trying to be one of them
showing off he stuck his torch in the
monsters face haunting it tormenting it
while it squealed and snapped at him
roared and strained Oh No you've had
your share of heads in this lifetime
ogre he said to it trying to impress the
guy
you're going to entertain the crowds by
dying slow the monster squealed and
bared its fangs and pulled so hard on
its chains i saw a dust fly from the
walls where the chains were anchored my
heart seized in fear that the anchoring
rings would come free
alright said the lead guard that's
enough
leave him alone let's go the jailer gave
a satisfied snigger he lowered his torch
from the ogres face the guards headed
for the door they were leaving me
leaving me here with that thing I
shouted at them wait staring at the
beasts who stared back at me with his
single eye as he raged and wrenched his
bonds this had to be insanity it had to
be it couldn't be happening but it was
it was wait
the guards marched out the jailer
grinned at me one last time then
followed them the cells iron door slam
shut
this has been another Kingdom by Andrew
Klavan
performed by Michael laws
you
