we should look clearly at the credible
evidence that Juanita Broderick told the
truth when she accused Clinton of raping
her slow clap for coming to the correct
conclusion 25 years after the fact slow
clap for that
Juanita Broderick came out with her
allegations in like 1992 and she alleged
that Bill Clinton took her into a room
and forced himself on her and physically
raped her and then there was a dinner
afterward that she attended or Hillary
Clinton came up to her patted her on the
pan and she said thank you for all you
do
meaning keep her mouth shut the left for
two decades has been ignoring Juanita
Broderick and pretending that Juanita
Broderick didn't exist during the last
election cycle when the Trump campaign
brought up Juanita Broderick
the media quashed interviews with
Juanita Broderick they said this is old
news why would we cover this only now
when the elections are over and when
they're trying to look to weaponize all
sexual allegations against the rights
they finally admit that that this stuff
happened against Bill Clinton
