well the Senate had its procedural votes
today to end debate on on Cavanaugh's
confirmation which sets up the final
confirmation vote for tomorrow and in a
normal situation that would be you know
that would be a you have pretty good
certainty that he'll be confirmed
because they move forward but it was 51
to 49 in favor but you never know you
never know if somebody will switch now
from a yes to a no in between now and
then nothing is certain and I'm sure the
Democrats will try to pull another
rabbit out of the Hat in the next 24
hours we'll see if they pull it off but
as we hopefully move now towards
Cavanaugh's confirmation I have just a
couple things I want to say and I'll
start with this after Kavanagh is
confirmed if he's confirmed I think
there should be another FBI
investigation and that's what the
Democrats want right they're not they
weren't satisfied with the with the
investigation that was that was done
because it turned up nothing it turned
up nothing on Cavanaugh anyway and so
they weren't satisfied with that they
want to do another FBI investigation
which which of course is a shocking turn
of events right I mean we're all just
completely shocked that the Democrats
were unsatisfied with the FBI
investigation that they demanded but
anyway I actually agree with them that
there should be another FBI
investigation but not into Cavanaugh
that's been done there should be an FBI
investigation into Christine Ford and
her attorneys and Senate Democrats now
the mass media is not not going to
report this news of course but this is
really blockbuster stuff okay I don't
know if you saw this
Monica McClain who is the former FBI
agent and friend of Christine Ford the
the the first time we heard her name was
a few days ago when Ford's ex-boyfriend
came out and said in and said under oath
he said that Ford helped to coach McLane
on how to pass a lie-detector test I
guess when she was originally
interviewing to work for the FBI and
that was significant because it means
that it means number one that Ford lied
under oath and it also means that Ford
knows how to pass lie detector stat lie
detector test you knows how to beat him
right and which would call her polygraph
examination into in a question
well now according to Ford's high school
friend you got to kind of follow the
threads here I know it gets confusing
but according to Ford's high school
friend Leland Kaiser McLane called her
Kaiser to pressure her to change her
story remember Leland kaisers is is the
one who was supposed to be a witness for
Ford she was supposedly at this party
where this thing supposedly happened but
kaisers been saying the whole time I
have no memory of any party I didn't
know I didn't know Brett Kavanaugh right
well according to her this F this former
FBI agent and friend of Christine Ford
called her to try to pressure her to I
think the word she used was revisit her
her testimony and then it was after that
now you remember may remember a few days
ago the media made a big deal of it when
Kaiser came out and said I still don't
remember anything from this party and I
don't know Brett Kavanaugh but I believe
Christine Ford
that was the first time she had said it
was first time she said she believed her
and apparently was after she had been
getting getting pressure from this
former FBI agent it's a very interesting
on a number of levels this is very
interesting because obviously it
indicates a potential cover-up it also
reveals that McLain is not just some
random person when Ford's ex-boyfriend
first mentioned her we thought she was
just some random friend we didn't think
there was any significance to the name
but but now we find out that she's
deeply involved in all this and also
when MacLean denied what the
ex-boyfriend said I think now that
denial is suspect because of how deeply
involved she is
okay so package that with Chuck Grassley
letter to Ford's attorneys last night
where he makes mention very cryptically
of a certain communications between
Democrats and Ford and between
forward and the other Cavanaugh accusers
in fact let me let me see if I can pull
that up I'm not sure if I still have it
all right so Chuck Grassley sent a
letter to forged attorneys last night
asking yet again for whatever evidence
Ford supposedly has asking her to turn
it over
especially the therapists notes now let
me read the last peri interesting last
paragraph of this letter he says I urge
you once again now for the third time in
writing to turn over the therapy notes
polygraph materials and communications
with the Washington Post that dr. Ford
has relied upon as evidence in addition
to the evidence I requested in my
October second letter in light in light
of recently uncovered information please
turn over records and descriptions of
direct or indirect communications
between dr. Ford or her representatives
and any of the following one u.s.
senators or their staffs particularly
the offices of senators Feinstein and
her ona Hirono other than your
communication with me and my staff in
preparation for the September set 27th
hearing to the alleged witnesses
identified by dr. Ford Leland Kaiser
mark judge and Patricia and Patrick
Smith and three Debbie Ramirez Julie
sweat Nick or their representatives
Wow that's that's pretty significant
this is the first time we've heard
anything about four potentially Ford
communicating with sweat Nick and and
Ramirez this is starting to look more
and more like a coordinated political
hit job and if that's what this is then
this is one of the worst scandals in
American political history by far and it
certainly warrants an investigation we
need to know now now we need to know how
did all this come about what's going on
behind the scenes because because this
cannot be allowed again it's not only
destructive of an innocent man and his
family but it erodes our very system of
government
so anyone involved or potentially
involved with a conspiracy like this has
to be punished severely so there has to
be an investigation if there was any I
mean there could be multiple I have no
ideas if I have no idea if there was
coordination I don't know if there was
coordination I don't know what it
consisted of but there could be multiple
ways of coordination here and if there
was any coordination at all at all
between Ford and Democrats or Ford and
the other accusers if they coordinated
to any extent whatsoever then that's a
huge scandal and I think that this
warrants a federal investigation because
you just can't you can't have that I
mean there can't be any whiff there
can't be the slightest whiff of
coordination with something like this
Ford needs to have been completely
independent coming out completely on her
own of her own accord to tell a story
that is completely her own if if any
part of that is not true right if this
if this story wasn't completely hers
because someone helped her craft it or
if it wasn't completely her decision to
come forward because she was pressured
into it by Democrats are say anything
like that it's a huge scandal so yeah I
think there should be an FBI
investigation second thing I want to
mention I've been thinking about this
with with Kavanaugh and
the you have this incredible hostility
towards men that has been brought to the
surface on the part of leftist
especially feminists and this is not a
revelation obviously we know that
feminists hate men but it's always
remarkable when you see it displayed and
you see really the hatred of men and
that's what's been bubbling over in
these last few weeks this hatred of men
which is delusional along with an
equally delusional victim mentality so
we've seen the victim mentality of
left-wing feminists over this Cavanagh
thing so take the cat the anti Kavanagh
demonstrations yesterday Elizabeth
Warren showed up at one of them and and
before we get to that so you've got
these these are demonstrations and you
look at the signs and what these mutts
mow
women you look at what they're shouting
and the signs okay they're saying we
don't want to be silenced we're not
gonna be silenced and they I saw several
of them holding signs that said the
sides it's something like we're fighting
for our lives or this is a fight for our
lives really this is a fight for your
life your life is in jeopardy who's
threatening your life I know people have
been threatening Cavanaugh's life and
and Senate Republicans and his family I
know people been sorry but but your your
life who's who has threatened your life
how was how is this a fight for your
life
but then Elizabeth Elizabeth Warren
showed up and she declared that women
this is what she said she says women are
tired quote tired of being told to sit
down and shut up
what this is this is easily the dumbest
of all the dumb feminists talking points
that this idea that women are being
silenced and told to shut up you hear
that all the time
Kamala Harris this is her favorite thing
to say I won't be silenced women will no
longer be what do you talk aside where
is that happening
well you're not you're not being
silenced what are you talking about
where are these men you're supposedly
going around telling women to sit down
and shut up and be silent where are
women in America being silenced I don't
see it happening
I mean can you give me one example I've
never I have never in my life ever heard
a man say that all women need to sit
down and shut up and not chime in on
whatever a particular subject now I hear
women I hear feminist women say that
about men all the time all the times one
of their favorite things to say they're
constantly telling us that we're not
allowed to participate in certain
discussions and pretty much any
discussion if we're white man is white
men we're not allowed to be a part of
any discussion
and so they're always telling us that
we're always being told to sit in fact
senator Hirono she said those words
exactly
she said men need to shut up so yeah we
were being told to shut up but but where
art can you get I mean can you give me
like two or three examine can you even
give me one exam
of a prominent man coming out and said
you know women you really need to shut
up about this what I mean it's I can't
even say it so it makes me laugh because
no one no one says that
so just so so you're being silly really
is way this is just this is total
silliness you're being hysterical I know
feminists hate it when when they're
called hysterical but you're being
absolutely hysterical and you need to
calm down because nobody is telling you
to be silent no one is silencing you no
one is telling you to shut up
at all from my vantage point and I don't
say this disparagingly I don't say it as
a complaint but from my vantage point it
seems like women do quite a bit of
talking and so silenced women it doesn't
seem like I mean it just it seems to me
what just living in society it seems
like women are not shy about talking and
making their opinion known I I saw I a
part of this is and this is kind of a
sides but you hear feminists complain
all the time about about men talking
over them and interrupting and so forth
and this is just another example of the
incredible narcissism of feminists where
they think that everything's about them
they think everything that happens to
them is it's they're the only ones that
it happens to so they'll tell these sob
stories of you know one time I was at a
meeting and a male coworker interrupted
me and he D legitimized my point of view
and he authorized me it was so terrible
Oates
that's that's just a that's a human
experience okay get over yourself
it happens to everybody it's part of
human communication people get
interrupted they get talked over you
think that never happens to us you know
that we you think we never get
interrupted or talked over but a
feminist is interrupted or disagreed
with in that actual that's what they
mean when they say they're being
silenced what they really mean is they
are being disagreed with so they say a
Brett Kavanaugh is a rapist and then if
you say well I disagree with that stop
silencing me you're silencing me excuse
me and I really disagree with her point
here your
stop silencing me I will not be silenced
good lord grow up get over yourself
learn to deal with life learn to deal
with existing as a in a human society
nobody's silencing you you have never
been silenced all you do is scream and
complain silenced you're shouting into a
freaking megaphone I mean that's what
feminism has become right it's become a
bunch of women on a street corner
screaming into a megaphone that they're
being silenced that's what it is
they're like screaming into your ear I'm
being silenced it's like no you're not I
mean can you you're not being silenced
at all fact you're gonna you're gonna
blow my eardrums out is what you're
gonna do so Kay I mean can you at least
turn down the volume slightly the funny
thing is that normal women
that is to say non feminist women
healthy women their biggest complaint
about men is usually the opposite right
women are constantly trying to get men
to talk my wife has always said you know
what are you thinking about that's
that's the classic woman question men
never ask that question that's a woman
it's like once you to toxic talk some
more you're not talking enough that's
how it goes in reality that so I've
never in my life actually I don't I
don't think I can't think of a time in
my life when I've been in like a mixed
group with men and women and all the men
are talking while the women remain
silent you know I I don't think I've
ever seen that I've seen the opposite
I've seen the opposite happened quite a
bit but I've never seen that but these
feminists they paint this picture of the
famous picture of society where men are
talking and engaging in lively
discussion while all the women are
sitting quietly and meekly in a corner
you know afraid to say anything they
can't speak it's laughable that never
happens
never what world
what country are you living in you're
not living in unite maybe Saudi Arabia
you're not living in the United States
women are definitely definitely
definitely not silenced by men I mean
women I think statistically women say
five times more in a day that a man does
they definitely use women use a lot more
words in a day than men do so how could
we even if we wanted to silence women we
can't keep up how could we anyway the
point here is that is that the root of a
lot of this Cavanaugh stuff is a is a
hatred of men and it's a hatred of men
that is delusional as I said and not
based in reality and not based in any
kind of actual understanding of how men
are and how they operate which again you
know women who are not feminists because
they're they're healthy and normal you
know they have husbands and everything
and they've got and they've been around
man they understand men more so they're
not going this ridiculous cartoonish
caricature of of manhood that you get
from feminists well women who have
actually been around men and been
married to a man and all that kind of
stuff they know how silly it is so
that's not that's just not that's not
how men operate right men have flaws but
no that's not it so that's what comes
through loud and clear when you're when
you when you listen to leftists on this
just take us as one example among many
there was a in a New Yorker in The New
Yorker this this morning there was a
headline the headline was at the Senate
Judiciary Committee hearing Brett
Kavanaugh seemingly weaponized crying
the way a little boy does when he's in
trouble so they they you see just
contempt for men can you imagine can you
imagine that same headline but about
Christine Ford can you imagine a
headline can you imagine if somebody
wrote something that said Christine Ford
weaponised crying the way a little girl
does when she's in trouble can you
imagine if somebody wrote a headline
calling Christine
little girl and mocking her for crying
the feminists would explode in in an
outrage that would reach atomic
proportions okay
there'll be there would actually be
ready there would be radioactive fallout
we would all get radiation poisoning
from there outrage that's how intense
white-hot it would be if anyone dared
say anything even approaching that about
any woman especially Christine Ford but
this is what this is what they do they
what they what the left does is they
immediately convict Kavanagh and then
they convict all men by extension so
this becomes a problem of men a white
men specifically which is even more
absurd where we hear over and over again
so this is much a white man as a white
man white what does white have to do I
mean the fact that he's a man has
nothing to do with it but the fact that
he's white what does his skin color why
don't we keep hearing about oh he's a
white man so are you suggesting that
what sexual assault is more common among
white men because let me tell you
something you better come with some
statistics if that's your suggestion if
you're trying to imply that there's
somehow some correlation between white
men and sexual assault you better come
with some a citation is gonna be needed
on that one because I don't think that's
true
I'm sleeping at that I don't I don't
think that's true and in fact there are
countries in the world where it's
essentially legal for men to rape women
but those are not white countries I'll
just tell you that those are not
countries dominated by white people so
the white thing has nothing to do with
it and the fact that he's a man has
nothing to do with it either
but liberals will take any opportunity
they can to beat up on their favorite
punching bag and then you ask the
question why you know what why do
feminists have such contempt for men and
that they're so gleeful about they love
any opportunity to to vomit that that
hatred on men and I've said this theory
before but my theory is that for
feminists their hatred of men if I if I
were
really the psyche psychoanalyze them I
think their hatred comes down to envy
feminists hate men because they want to
be men so they're jealous of all the
masculine traits which they lack but
they covet and so when they see those
traits in a man they feel resentful in
essence feminists want to tear down men
get rid of men so that they can take the
place of men thus you have this very
weird situation which I've commented on
many times where feminists idolize
masculinity they don't hate masculinity
know they put masculinity on a pedestal
they worship it
so they idolize masculinity but they
hate masculine men because it's sort of
a competition they want to take that
masculinity and appropriate it and have
it for themselves and guys like Kavanagh
are especially contemptible in their
minds because he's this is a successful
man who used to be apparently kind of a
jock and he liked the party and all that
kind of stuff so he's a regular kind of
masculine guy in that sense so he's the
exact prototype of the sort of man that
feminists hate because it's exactly the
sort of man they want to be that's they
paint him as this guy who's you know
aggressive obviously he's been
successful all these things that this
this is what this is how feminists think
women should bathe so that's what you
have hatred for men and and the victim
mentality you see just how desperate
feminists are to be victims they'll take
any opportunity to be a victim
I really think feminists they if they
could go back in a time machine to the
early 20th century or before they would
they would do it in a heartbeat they
would they would love that
they would love to live in a situation
where women really are being persecuted
where they really are being
disenfranchised they would love that
if they actually had a real reason to be
victimized because that's that's what
they want more than anything in life but
they don't have that because women have
all the same equal rights in America as
men they even have more rights than men
do in many respects so they're
completely equal they're not being
persecuted at all not even a little bit
and they hate that because they want it
so badly and so they go looking for
persecution and they say Oh quick
Kavanagh is persecuting them somehow or
hey a guy is a guy is sitting with his
with his legs too wide on the subway
they're being persecuted or hey you you
interrupted me and so I'm being perfect
I mean they're just looking for any
excuse
that's all that's coming out in this
from his Cavanagh thing but hopefully
the nightmare will be over soon for
Brett Kavanaugh and when that happens if
it happens as I said going back to the
beginning hopefully that'll be the end
of the story for him but that cannot be
the end of the story period because
there's a lot of following up that I
think some law-enforcement agencies need
to do so we can get to the bottom of all
this all right we'll see what happens
with the vote over the weekend and I'm
sure we'll talk about it on Monday have
a good weekend Godspeed
you
