there was this video that came out I
gotta play this cuz it's so amazing the
it this is a take place in Toronto but
it could have taken place here it has
taken place here in effect is a
pro-abortion
guy is standing near a protest of
abortion and he kicks this woman he
roundhouse kicks this woman to defend
women's rights classic classic leftism
play this clip destruction of private
property since a lot he gets raped by
somebody and they're like I was 16 year
old and I can't have this baby I think
you should keep it it's a baby if
someone is raped and she gave birth and
she decided to kill her three-year-old
child says I meant to kick the phone he
threw a roundhouse kick at a woman the
guy's name is Jordan hunt he's been
fired from the hair salon where he
worked the cops don't do anything about
this by the way because it's Toronto and
they all agree with him but but you know
the thing about it is that whole he's
being so reasonable and he's got it he
knows it all he's so much smarter than
they are how dumb are they he's a thug
right he's a thug
