so as Hollywood implodes around us and
the Harvey Weinstein scandal is in full
swing
we thought it'd be a great time here at
the Ben Shapiro show to bring on Rahila
Raza she's a founding member of the
Muslim reformer Movement she's an
international human rights activist and
her heels in LA to speak at the censored
Women's Film Festival her film honor
Diaries which she in which she appears
it breaks the silence on honor violence
against women and girls in the Muslim
community and it's playing as we say at
this festival thanks so much for joining
us it's my pleasure thank you for having
me so for those who don't know anything
about the movie what is the basic what
is the basic premise of the movie what
is the movie about well honor Diaries is
a documentary which exposes honour based
violence and honour based violence we
get Iraq categorized as honor killings
forced and underage marriage and the
horrific practice of female genital
mutilation also known as FGM which for a
long time people thought was just
something that was happening out there
you know in muslim-majority societies in
other countries it wasn't something that
we needed to worry about but statistics
show us that these are practices that
are taking place in the West in the
United Kingdom in Canada in the United
States and in Europe so it is something
that we need to worry
sohow statistically common are these
things in the West so we know that
they're pretty statistically common in
places like Afghanistan or Pakistan
but how statistically common do we have
any stats any reliable stats on honor
killings or female genital mutilation in
the United States or Europe
well the Health Department Health
Department in USA did a study and they
said that almost half a million women
and girls have either had FGM or are at
risk of female genital mutilation in the
United States now the numbers for honor
killings in Canada there have been over
23 honor killings in the last five years
in the United Kingdom the statistics are
higher but these are numbers which are
hard to follow because many of these
practices are done under the cover under
the table so to speak and governments
have been reticent to track the numbers
because you know there's personal
cultural
creation issues there's political
correctness so in fact what we need is
hard figures we would like to have
studies done that can tell us how many
forced in underage marriages but those
organizations that have been working on
these issues tell us that there are
enough for us to be wanted so why
exactly do you think there's so many
governments that refuse to look at the
problems that you're talking about here
is it just political correctness or is
there something else going on well it's
a hard to say I would think that a large
part of it is political correctness
there is pressure from the regressive
left there is pressure from feminist
groups who don't want to touch this
topic they think that it's taboo they
think that it's someone else's culture
and we shouldn't critique it we
shouldn't talk about it so I think
because of the pressure they have caved
in but I would say that since honor
diaries were released three years ago
there has been a lot of work being done
on these issues in the United Kingdom
they criminalize both people parents
teachers doctors who would in any way be
involved in female genital mutilation
also after honor Diaries we've had women
who have faced these problems in forced
marriages who've had female genital
mutilation come out as activists and
they're speaking they're the victims and
their voices can't be drowned out so
we're speaking with Rahil Browser she's
a Clarion project advisory board member
and a founding member of the Muslim
reformer movement so when you look at
this problem why do you think it's
endemic in the Muslim community why do
you think that it seems to be largely
located inside the Muslim community as
opposed to other cultures well many of
these are tribal practices they're not
based in the Quran which is the holy
book of the Muslims but religion somehow
gets to be used to justify them they are
largely prevalent and Muslim majority
societies because a large part of the
third world they will iterate the x-file
communities and especially female
genital mutilation is a viable practice
that existed circum conscience
notice and
and said that we
generation girls are not going to get
married
first of all there has to be action with
exponents
all of this is very useful I think to a
lot of people never we don't talk about
anything that
continent from UK USA and/or the
censored women's Film Festival is a
place when we can show these films and
not only show them we bring in the film
makers wherever we can and we talk about
this we have an activist coming to Los
Angeles next week for this film festival
whether a bookie who is a lawyer from
Egypt who has been able to promote the
idea that they need to bring FGM cases
to the court and in fact he was the one
who brought the first days to home so
this is where the change comes when you
expose the problem you talk about it and
then you talk about solutions
okay well then thank you so much for
joining us and helping to raise that
awareness her name is Rahila Raza and
she is in Los Angeles for the sensored
women's film festival from Monday
November 13th to Wednesday November 15th
everyone should go out if they're in LA
and see honor diaries if not then you
should go in and obtain a copy yourself
and watch it and show it to your friends
because these are these are these are
situations that need to be stopped
and we all need to get involved get it
get a hand involved but Hill Drazen
thanks so much for joining Ben Shapiro
show hi pleasure thank you so much
you
