all right here again in New York the
heart of leftist darkness you know
yesterday was the anniversary of Donald
Trump's upset election victory and
Democrats actually this is true they
gathered in Washington Square Park
downtown to discuss their views and
express their thoughts here's a brief
clip
what I wanted to play the I wanted to
play the entire 45 minutes of that but
they said that wasn't exactly a show but
I thought they they actually you know
put out the logic of leftism quite
cleverly the numbers from yesterday's
election this is really interesting
because everybody was not saying what I
was saying but the numbers have come in
and the people who know how to read the
numbers from yesterday's election
actually did say much more what I said
the thing that was really interesting to
me is they said there is now this
coalition the Democrats are basically
now rich white suburban Heights and
minorities
okay so what's interesting to me about
that is you have rich white suburban
heights who are basically gonna be
married and have children but they
support the sexual Liberty nism that
makes minorities lives a living hell
right there they're people who have jobs
but they support the kind of welfare
that causes a dependency that white rich
white suburbanite so the people who have
bushwa values but if you tell the
minorities ought to have bourgeois
values too they think that's that's
terribly racist and they're rich white
suburban Heights tend to rely on their
their skill Republican tells minorities
that it's skill and hard work will get
you ahead so basically what you have now
the Democratic Party is now composed of
rich white suburban Heights and the
people whose lives they destroy with
their policy so that's going to be
really interesting to watch that
coalition unfold we have a excellent
interview today with Monty Alvarado who
is the executive director of the Becket
fund which you've never heard of but
which is called God's ACLU because
basically what it goes out what it does
is they go out and they fight for
religious freedom wherever they find it
under the gun and it really interesting
what she had to say about the Obama
administration in that regard and
yesterday was Brahm Stoker's birthday so
we'll talk about Dracula
trigger warning I'm Andrew Klavan and
this is the Andrew Clavin show
well I'm so jet-lagged and I hate to I
don't know exactly how to put this
people here in New York drink a lot and
I know I'm from New York and so when I
come back here I tend to maybe over
indulge and so my head is now about
three blocks away still trying to catch
up still trying to get up to my hotel
room it may arrive somewhere during the
course of the show but I've lost
complete track of time and I realize it
is already we are already on the edge of
the Cleveland this weekend which makes
it my civic responsibility to tell you
that you can stave off the clayvin this
weekend for one day by going and
listening to another kingdom the fantasy
suspense podcast I'm doing with Knowles
it's my story Knowles is doing the
acting and performing quite brilliantly
I think and you go on iTunes just look
up another Kingdom please subscribe
please leave a high rating for it it
really helps us out we have a sponsor
now actually our sponsors trippin comm
is also now a sponsor of this show as
well so it's a double sponsor but
another Kingdom this is the episode when
everything turns around so it's a very
cool episode episode number five and if
you haven't been listening you can binge
from one through five and if you have
it'll be fun
alright but first we have to talk about
another you know what I'm finally I
always forget to wear my I forget to
wear watches it anyway but I forget to
wear my movement watch I actually have
it on today you can see is incredibly
fancy nice watch I'm putting I don't
know how to where to put it to get it
and again there it is really nice watch
and you know the thing is this is a this
is a company movement which is MV MT
because we don't use vowels anymore
because I don't know why but this was
started by two college kids who really
liked fancy timepieces but didn't want
to shell out the fancy bucks he got his
shell out to get a good watch and I
really identify with this because I love
timepieces of all kinds clocks
grandfather clocks grandmother clocks
watches especially but I you know
there's something in me that just does
not want to pay a zillion dollars for a
watch it's just see it just seems wrong
to me so this is a great way to get a
really beautiful watch at a really nice
price movement watch a start at just
ninety five bucks at a department store
you'd be looking at four
five hundred bucks and there's such
great prices that they make good holiday
gifts you could give one of these to
someone you love that would be really
nice and they've already sold over a
million watches in over 160 countries
classic design quality construction
style minimalism they call it you can
get 15% off today with free shipping and
free returns by going to M V M T dot-com
slash Andrew that's movement comm slash
Andrew it's a beautiful clean design
makes a great fashion statement and now
is the time to step up your watch game
get it it's kind of a time and you can
look at the watch because tell us that
never mind go to MVM t.com slash Andrew
and join the movement
so yesterday I was saying you have to
listen to the press there's only one guy
I trust when it comes to reading the
numbers of an election and that's Henry
Olsen he's he's dispassionate he doesn't
care who wins or loses he may care deep
down but he doesn't went the way he
reads it is really cool headed he's the
guy who made me so I knew the the day of
the last year's election I knew that it
was going to be much closer between
Trump and Hillary Clinton than everybody
said it was Henry Olsen said it was
gonna be within the margin of error and
so I was you know I always follow him
because he's just always right and
everybody else doesn't get it right so
yesterday just unbelievable kind of
jubilation in our left-wing media about
how wonderful it was that all this has
happened and just I want to play a
montage
first of all just showing how everybody
everybody read this as a rebuke against
Donald Trump because that's what they
want so badly so that's let's play that
montage that's number one on this first
anniversary of President Trump stunning
election victory it's the Democrats who
are celebrating now big victories last
night in the Virginia and New Jersey
races for governor with exit polls
showing voters wanted to send a message
to President Trump a big win for
Democrats and a blow to Republicans a
loss the president will likely take
personally one-third of Virginians in a
CBS News exit poll said they voted to
oppose the president Virgin
Republicans suffered a good
old-fashioned rubbing last night this
was a referendum on guns and health care
Republican ed gillespie dipped into the
Trump playbook and it appears to have
backfired so it's these guns and health
care all the things they want this was a
referendum on and it's really it really
is amazing that 34 percent of the people
who came out in exit polls which are
notoriously unreliable they came out and
said they came out to vote against
Donald Trump well Virginia hates Donald
Trump and one of the reasons they hate
Donald Trump is they are the swamp
that's where Northern Virginia all the
people who work in Washington work and
so they really are just absolutely livid
at him and any Democrat who comes out he
said were you sending a message to
Donald Trump is say the same thing
so that 34 percent number means
absolutely nothing people are voting
you're voting for governor you're voting
for your state that is why people are
voting but it doesn't mean something
okay one other clip I've got to play
from George suckle up against the guy
this Clinton needs to hack who has been
somehow theoretically transformed into a
journalist he's and Good Morning America
and his version his interpretation of
what this election meant and he's there
with Matthew Dowd another you know
another Democrat liberal commentator and
Megan McCain who's kind of I don't know
where it exactly to put her she's kind
of in the middle but this is absurd I
just want to play this just so you see
the height of the absurdity of the
commentary is a cut to total one in
Virginia three to one in New Jersey they
wanted to send a message to Trump yeah
they sent a message at Trump big time
but I think the big takeaway that I had
from it is the level of diversity and
inclusion that happened on election
night if you not only a first
transgender person elected you know in
to office in Virginia the first Sikh
elected to office in a major city the
first gay mayor of Seattle the first
african-american woman elected to or
linea of Charlotte the first woman mayor
of Manchester I mean it was a night of
total diversity and I think that not
only a rejection of Trump it was
basically a rejection of what he stood
for that's that's appalling that is
appalling because you know you know how
Donald Trump is plotting against the
Sikhs I mean this is the big this is the
big part of the Trump administration I
remember when he said build a wall
to keep out the Sikhs this narrative
that they've got the Trump is somehow a
bigot that he's against diversity of you
know kinds of people that he's you know
divisive when he is divisive but he's
only as divisive as they are and this
idea that by electing all these
different people they were sending a
message to Donald Trump that no no no
Donald Trump we're not mean like you
were welcoming you're mean but we're
well you know it's a it's just absurd
and this is how the the leftist media
makes us stupid because it poses in
order to get asked to keep to keep since
the Democrats are now a coalition of
rich white people and minorities right
everybody in between is a Republican so
they're rich white people in minority
and since the minorities are just being
destroyed by their policies I mean
there's this the cities are terrible and
so if they've got to keep them in there
and so they've got to pose every issue
as if it's hurting minorities so is
instead of saying oh you know how do we
feel about the border do we want to
enforce the rule of law and enforce our
borders and keep people safe or do we
want to be welcoming and Christian and
open you know there's a debate you can
have a debate that's fine but instead of
that it's oh yeah you don't like
Mexicans or you have an open border and
you know the same thing with gay
marriage everything everything is
basically if you're not there it's not
their way it's about hatred right if you
want to keep the nation safe because
Islamic immigration might be a problem
because maybe there's something about
Islam that doesn't work in the West
maybe that too many Islamic people in
the West is dangerous for the West as we
see in many parts of Europe and
Scandinavia so you could have that
debate it's dangerous or it's not
dangerous it's dangerous but freedom of
religion Trump's the date or whatever
debate you want to have but they won't
have that debate they always pose
everything is stupidity
so in this stupid way to make you stupid
so what they argue is it's either let
everybody in or you hate Islamic people
and you're you know a bigot so that's
the way they're selling this anytime
anytime Democrats win it's a triumph or
diversity which of course is nonsense
since they don't believe in diversity of
thought so never mind the you know that
that's the bias but it's also
ill-informed i mean it's just it's just
reading the numbers badly let's go to
Henry Olson and I have to say this was
on the right - I mean Karl Rove and I
don't want to pick on Karl Rove I like
the guy you know
like a Karl Rove it was that got Donald
Trump's election utterly wrong and you
remember that night when Mitt Romney
lost to Obama I think it was yeah was
the second was Obama's re-election when
he was on Fox News insisting that they
were wrong that their count was wrong
because he had the numbers figured out
and he actually stormed down into their
counting room and banged on the door and
all the stuff they fired him and so Karl
Rove at some point you maybe start
thinking maybe I don't know how to read
numbers maybe I should leave this to
somebody else Henry Olson does know how
to read numbers and he's working at City
Journal one of my favorite magazines and
I'm gonna get to him in just a minute
but before I do that I have to talk
about policy genius because you don't
have any life insurance and you need
life insurance especially if you have
kids or if you have elderly parents got
to have life insurance because if
something should happen to you that's
what they always say something should
happen to you
I mean die if you die you've got a those
people that you love and want to take
care of have to be taken care of so you
got to get life insurance people don't
want to do it they don't want to talk
about it but policy genius makes it easy
because policy genius lets you compare
life insurance from the top providers
online it takes as little as five
minutes if you're busy you can do it in
one minute per day for five days if you
find a policy you like you want to know
more you can talk to one of their
licensed experts but if you're just
browsing you don't have to talk to any
one browser way there's no pressure and
they don't just do life insurance you
can get disability insurance renter's
insurance pet insurance and compare
health insurance so if you need life
insurance that you've been putting it
off try policy genius you can compare
life insurance online on your own terms
on your own time policy genius.com pol i
cy g e in i us dot-com because you
should only be forced to speak to an
agent if you've committed a federal
crime policy genius.com for your life
insurance let's so let's talk about but
how henry olson reads these numbers cuz
he's just he's just so good at this
this is city journal one of my favorite
magazines last night's gubernatorial
election in virginia is being touted as
a surprise democrat landslide it
shouldn't be the results simply reflect
the changes that have occurred in
national politics since donald trump's
emergence that's not great news for
republicans but neither is it a death
knell both parties still face the
challenges they're changing
coalition's present Democrat
governor-elect Ralph Northam this is in
Virginia one largely because Virginia is
a highly educated state with a sizeable
minority population and both groups have
been trending strongly toward Democrats
for years educated people and minorities
nor should one take the Democratic gains
in the Virginia House of Delegates as
proof of a Democratic surge and this is
the one everybody was reading as a surge
but I knew it wasn't but if Henry Olsen
said so you know I'm just a barefoot
teller of tales but if Henry Olsen says
so you know it's true the surprise is
not that Republicans lost most of the
seats but it was the surprise that they
had held the vast majority of them for
so long because the state is going blue
still these losses are discouraging for
Republicans because seats like these are
the basis for much of their
congressional and state legislative
majorities any Republican running for a
Clinton carried House seat is now on
notice that he or she will have a hard
time winning unless the political
climate dramatically shifts so there's a
lot of those Clinton held how House
seats so in other words House seats that
Republicans now hold in districts where
Clinton won there's about 23 of them I
think and if the Democrats win 24
they'll take the house and so that's it
that's an important point and that's an
important thing for Republicans to be
thinking about on the other side however
and as Democrats learned to their dismay
last year America is not solely composed
of well-educated affluent suburbs the
untold story at least in the mainstream
media from last night is how well the
Trump coalition held up under fire see
this is the important point
Trump's people are not deserting him
Trump's people love Trump and they're
sticking with him so he's got his base
and depending on what happens now he can
add to that base or possibly destroy it
but Olson goes on Republicans who voted
for Trump in 2016 largely came out and
voted straight Republican ticket so
yesterday there are Republicans
challenging Democratic incumbent
senators in Montana North Dakota Indiana
Missouri and Ohio next fall if last
night's Virginia results were projected
onto these seats in other words it's the
same kind of turnout happened in all
those states Republicans would have an
excellent chance of picking up all five
Senate seats I mean that is a really
that is really impressive stuff so I
think that what the
Republicans are looking at as they're
looking at a changing coalition and a
changing series of ideas they're looking
at people working-class people who still
are committed to the welfare state so
they're not as interested in what Paul
Ryan is doing with reforming
entitlements which I love they're not as
interested in that they're much more
interested in Donald Trump I'm gonna
take care of you I'm gonna take care of
you but we're gonna do it in a more
conservative way and the thing that the
thing is the other thing that's been
going around is this idea that the
Donald Trump is just a kind of wild card
flying here and there and that's because
of the way he talks and that's because
of his tweets and all these things that
he's doing that make him seem like a
crazy man you know I mean Tom Friedman
from knucklehead Roe the guy he's on
he's in the New York Times op-ed page
knucklehead Roe Tom Friedman talks about
how these tweets make everybody so
created crazy that they don't pay
attention to what's actually happening
and he says it like it's a bad thing
but for us it's not so bad here's
Friedman discussing I find it from a
journalism point of view Donald Trump is
a brain-eating disease that is he does
so many outrageous things on a daily
basis you talked about Sam poison this
guy appointing to head the Agriculture
Department three billion dollar research
budget an Iowa talk-show host shows such
contempt for science and the department
and as a journalist or columnist you sit
there and say how could I not write
about that that's so outrageous and yet
if I write about it every week I end up
not going out and learning or writing
about all these other things and I think
it's a real danger that Trump is gonna
suck the brains out of so many reporters
and columnist because you've spent four
years outraged at him and then you don't
learn anything and he's done so many
outrageous things you can't even keep
track of them anymore
Trump is a brain-eating disease meaning
his brain has been eaten I could have
told them that that was true before
Trump came along but what they're saying
is they're being distracted from what is
really happening and I think that's not
only true on the left I think it's true
on the right as well where so there's
still these people who have a a class
objection to Donald Trump at some level
he's just not quite the thing and people
the people on the right who really are
exalting in any loss that Trump faces
and trying to say that he's destroyed
the party and all this he's not
destroying the party the party is
changing and he's manifested that I will
talk about that more in a minute it had
a really interesting dinner last night
I'll tell you about that but first first
we have to welcome tripping calm and I
love these people because they're not
only making this show possible but
they're making another Kingdom possible
it really helps us when you go to these
places and visit and put my name in
there it really helps us keep the show
on the road because this is these are
the guys who pay to keep our lights on
and tripping calm it is just a terrific
service I mean I don't know if you when
you go on vacation I don't know if
you've ever rented a property I have but
the thing that happens when you rent a
property it's usually cheaper it's
usually cheaper than a hotel and also
you get a lot of stuff like you get a
kitchen light if you have your family
with you I mean one of the things I hate
about being in a hotel is sometimes
you're just too lazy and you go in and
buy a hotel meal it always costs like
ten times what a meal would cost if you
made it yourself or even if you went to
a restaurant but if you use trippin comm
you can rent a beautiful place and and
you can have all those things backyard
you know free Wi-Fi all kinds of
amenities that you just don't get with a
hotel you can spend less time planning
your next trip and more time relaxing
it's the number one site for vacation
rentals I mean nobody knows about it yet
but it's a really big site vacation
rentals offer flexibility perks and
amenities that hotels don't multiple
bedrooms backyards hot tubs free Wi-Fi
and even fully stocked kitchens with
trippin comm onesearch lets you filter
compare and sort over ten million
available properties on trusted sites
like VRBO TripAdvisor booking.com and
more don't wonder if you're getting the
best deal because you'll save an average
eighteen percent per night by booking
your vacation with trippin com
don't forget if you want to save time
and money while booking the perfect
vacation rental for your next trip head
to trippin dot-com slash clayvin today
trippin com /k lav am in fact i'll spell
the entire thing watch this
TR IPP ing dot-com slash Cleavon trippin
comm slash Clavin really nice way to
have a vacation at a different vacation
especially if we are with family friends
or traveling you know even just
to be off by yourself it's really
terrific way to do this I have to say
goodbye to Facebook and YouTube we cast
you out now into the exterior darkness
where there is no it's not such great
well you got to listen to the show
instead of watching it if you subscribe
for a lousy 10 bucks a month you could
be watching it right on the website you
can watch the whole thing you can put
questions in the mailbag you can
subscribe for 100 bucks for the whole
year and get your leftist tears tumblr
right now come on over to the daily wire
calm and listen to the rest of the show
so last night I had dinner with my pal
Brian Anderson I mean Brian I am I
consider him a good friend and he is I
think he is one of the smartest
conservatives I know I think he's one of
the smartest guys I know and what really
got me about this is we were sitting
there and basically we were looking at
one another saying it's nobody actually
paying attention to the actual stuff
that's happening in the Trump
administration is it just you and me
because I feel that there's this this
anger this absolute volcano of anger
exploding over everything and nobody's
really looking at what is really
happening people talk about Trump being
a fascist what has he done to violate
the rules of American governance people
talk about him being anti black what has
he done to harm black people anti-gay
what has he done to harm gay people all
these things that's from the left but on
the right - there's this idea he's
destroying the party he's doing all this
and Brian said and what got me about
this is the Brian was agreeing with me
and like I said he's a smart guy he's
not just you know a barefoot teller of
tales she's an actual intelligent you
mean he's the guy he's the editor of
City Journal this magazine now that I
write for sometimes and he is you know
really brilliant he said he said to me
there are three headlines that tell it
all three headlines that really tell
people what they should be paying
attention to and the first is from The
Guardian now before I play I read this
from The Guardian I just want to play
something that Jim mattis the Secretary
of Defense said in May okay this is what
he said in acting was April or May
after Trump gave his marching orders
against Isis to significant changes
resulted from president Trump's review
of our findings first he delegated
authority to the right level to
aggressively and in a timely manner move
against enemy vulnerabilities secondly
he directed a tactical shift from
shoving Isis out of seized locations in
an attrition fight to surrounding the
enemy and their strongholds so we can
annihilate Isis okay so that's back in
the spring here's a headline from the
left-wing British newspaper The Guardian
rise and fall of Isis its dream of a
caliphate is over so what now and the
fact of the Caliphate the idea that they
had property they had a an Islamic state
that as they called themselves that was
their big selling point Trump by
delegating the authority to the generals
the places where the authority should be
in these matters annihilated him that is
an achievement of the Trump
administration and you can't say oh it
wasn't him of course it wasn't him it
was the guy he gave the orders to second
headline Kim Strasse and I read this on
the air when it came out but Brian was
just pointing this out Scalia's all the
way down mr. Trump this is Kim Strasse
Lin Wall Street Journal mr. Trump has
now nominated nearly 60 judges filling
more vacancies than Barack Obama did in
his entire first year there are another
hundred and sixty court openings
allowing mr. Trump to flip or further
consolidate conservative majorities on
the circuit courts that have the final
say on 99% of federal legal disputes and
unlike the Bush administration where
they tried to come up with you know
compromises that wouldn't get shot down
this president is stocking the court
with a class of brilliant young
textualist barring little relation to
even their Reagan or Bush predecessors
that is Kalidas guys like scalia who
read the constitution to mean what it
means finally the third headline and
this one is a big one even though I know
it's boring to a lot of people as Time
magazine cover the wrecking crew Trump's
cabinet is dismantling government as we
know it I mean and this is really this
is really an important point and I think
that they the fact that the EPA can no
longer come into your home and declare
your toilet a major waterway so you
can't go to the
without the government's permission that
is a big deal in this administration all
of that could go away if Trump loses
himself loses the office or if he loses
enough majorities in Congress so we're
looking at you know the the right wing
who is celebrating Trump's discomfiture
at the election results you know last
night it's making a big mistake because
this is the most conservative
administration that has been in place
since Ronald Reagan it just is it may be
more conservative than Ronald Reagan in
some ways and that's something that I
think that the right you know think
about a little bit especially the
intellectual right that's picking on him
so much all right we got to go to this
interview terrific interview with Montse
Alvarado she is currently the executive
director of the Becket fund for
religious liberty that that could fund
for religious liberty called God's ACLU
because they go out and fight those
fights that we all read about the wars
on Christmas and all that stuff this was
defect it was created to defend the free
exercise of all faiths in the United
States
she's also the former editor of alt
femme magazine a platform for women of
faith here is a pre-recorded interview
with Monty Alvarado's let us start with
the Becket fund the Becket fund is
called God's ACLU what does that mean
what does the Becket fund do we are a
nonprofit law firm we've been around
since 1994 we're celebrating 25 years of
defending religious freedom for all and
what does that mean we are a litigation
shop a boutique law firm that does
appellate work and we're trying to
change the law to promote the true
understanding of religious liberty in
our country and that is really just
freedom for everyone not for one
specific group but what the founders
really intended which is our right to
seek the truth and to believe in things
that even if people believe they're
wrong we have the right to believe now
that there's an intense feeling
especially on the conservative side of
the aisle in this country that religious
rights are under attack is that intense
feeling actually relate to anything real
or is it just paranoia I definitely
think it relates to something real
otherwise we wouldn't be so busy eight
years in a couple of months so I be able
to say nine years soon and we have not
stopped so you can see that the attacks
on religious liberty although it seems
like it's conservatives that are
meaning about this they come from both
sides it's this misunderstanding of what
our Constitution actually says well give
me an example of a case please we're
like where you feel religious liberty is
under attack a recent case a recent case
I can give you a couple of Supreme Court
cases that are some that have a lot of
press coverage and some that don't I'll
start with the one that doesn't
okay zanuck paper is one of our
wonderful 9-0 Supreme Court victories I
say wonderful just because nine zero is
something hard to come by and it just
truly means that these are issues that
the Supreme Court is not only willing to
take to discuss but they're willing to
defend this case was Anna Tabor is about
the ministerial exception so the right
of religious institutions and churches
to choose their own leadership and to
hire fire them when they are not holding
up the tenants of their religion and
practice this was a school that had a
leader or a minister that was violating
the tenants of their beliefs and they
didn't want to renew her contract and it
went all the way up to the Supreme Court
and Justice Kagan was the one who wrote
in the opinion that religion serves as
the critical buffer between the
individual and the state
the moment that you allow the government
to meddle in these very important
institutional decisions you're losing
that buffer so we like to we like to say
that we want this autonomy you know
government is good for certain things
and it's not so great for other things
and in religion how is the government
going to know who is best suited to run
your church and to teach your children
that's that call you know it's funny I
try to explain this to my non-religious
friends that if the church loses its
power that they will lose their pet
they're the only power they have to
defend their own conscience it's a it's
a hard argument for people to get is is
there a conflict when you have issues
like for instance gay rights and
religious people some religious people
feel the case shouldn't be allowed to
marry and they don't want to participate
in that ceremony it always seems to me
very it seems to be very oppressive when
you go to a small business
like a cake shop or a flower shop and so
you have to do this thing that offends
your religious is that is that the kind
of thing you would would defend
definitely and I can give you some
stories of ways that we would defend it
on both sides
um the government shouldn't be allowed
to tell you how to express your religion
these are freedom of expression issues
where a cake baker or a photographer is
participating in a ceremony and it's an
important ceremony for that a religious
ceremony and they should be able to
participate in those that they believe
in and not participate in those that
they don't believe in and that's that
live-and-let-live principle that has
allowed us to maintain this republic and
what it was based on when we lose that
ability to say well I don't necessarily
agree with what you're doing but it's
it's good for you to have that freedom
because someday you're gonna disagree
with me and I'm gonna want that freedom
as well we've lost that and it's this
tribalism of yes for me and no for you
that is really putting us down a very
precarious path you know the recently
this fellow Roy Moore was you know
nominated to run for the Senate he's
been a very power strong advocate of
things like keeping the Ten Commandments
up in in court outside a courthouse
recently there was a case where it cross
at a military memorial was deemed to be
unconstitutional it this does seem to me
like an assault on the idea that
religion has a place in the public
sphere is that something that the Becket
fund worries about that that there's
this attack on any outward expression of
religion well I mean we work on this all
the time so we have expression cases for
crosses we have one in Pensacola right
now that's similar where it's a memorial
someone drove by and said oh no this
offends me it's this right to be
offended that everyone is so excited
about the fact there are a little bit
interesting I'm not so sure that there
are residents of know this country at
the moment when they filed that case and
there are a couple of things that make
it complicated but that rights to be
offended and to have these trigger
warnings and all the things we're seeing
on campus now actually manifested in our
society and in our everyday lives that
is that big red flag
that tells you that there's something
else happening here I mean Beckett
we we love our Constitution and the
Establishment Clause is a really strong
piece that allows us to defend both the
right to have freedom of expression and
true religious liberty and at the same
time to have those limits that are
necessary to avoid government
entanglement and we don't have to worry
about that the law is there it's robust
it's strong and that gets here today
well that you know that's the quote it
seemed to me under the Obama
administration that religious rights
came under attack as never before
I mean I thought of the think of the
Little Sisters of the Poor being asked
or to me you know forced really to pay
for kinds of birth control that they
disapproved of it almost seemed to me
like the administration was trying to
push the boundary of government power
against the power of faith it was that
that was me looking from the outside
just as a guy reading the newspaper was
that something that you were
experiencing - it was an unprecedented
attack on religious conscience so going
back to that first point that you made
about trying to get people to understand
what conscience actually is what it
means how it manifests itself in your
life why the same year that we were
really intensely fighting for the Little
Sisters of the Poor we had their own
argument we gave our annual award to our
month away yeah that is he's a survivor
of solitary confinement and castro's
gulag and he was placed there because he
wouldn't put a sign on his desk that
said I'm with Fidel who said that goes
against my conscience and that for me is
really telling because it it shows us
how in real life when you allow
government to grow and to really oppress
you in these expressive ways you're
limiting yourself in situations where
religion really would have been that
buffer and he lost beyond religious
liberty he lost that deep forum and
terror and Turnham right that ability to
be free and what you feel what you
believe and what you think what's in
your heart and what's in your mind
what am i right in feeling that the last
eight years under the obama
administration that was that it was a
attacks increased oh yes definitely it
was I hadn't
like I don't think anyone else has both
the lawsuits that we saw under the Obama
administration not just the HHS mandate
lawsuit but the last six months of the
administration with the transgender
mandate forcing doctors to provide
surgeries and hormonal therapy to young
kids and I leading the Hippocratic oath
it's saying just because you believe
that this might not be the best
treatment if you provided for other
reasons that aren't transition of
reasons you you must provide this and
forcing doctors to violate their
conscience is a very dangerous thing it
doesn't just manifest itself in the
realm of transgender transitions there
are many other things the doctors don't
want to do and don't want to participate
in that they definitely shouldn't be
forced to and has it gotten better now
that the that administration is over I
wish I could read tea leaves and say
that I know where this administration is
going we are still fighting over our
little sisters cases to settle them it's
heartening to see that some other cases
that hat that are on the same principles
that Jones Day just got rid of their
cases and settled them which is
wonderful I hope that we're next and I
would say that with the chants under
mandate we're hoping that it won't be
defended by the administration so I I
wish that I could say where it's going
but I'm happy to update you as soon as I
know okay do you feel that that people
are not educated enough about religion
they don't understand how it protects
them why it why it matters that the
people have the right to worship I mean
I think that Americans in general if you
said people have the right to pray in
any way they want they would say of
course go into your church your temple
your mosque do whatever you want but
when you come out and then you have to
stop essentially and they don't
understand that that's not what the
Constitution says right I mean the
Constitution protects the practice of
religion that difference between freedom
of worship and freedom of religion even
in so I'm going back to the past eight
years if you look at the difference in
vocabulary if you stopped hearing
freedom of religion you started being
hearing this replacing freedom of
religion the freedom of worship
confining it to within the walls of your
church in your
again that's very dangerous and it's not
what the founders intended for us to
have in this country and that's actually
why we came here
then why we founded this great country
and what about the Supreme Court now
this as you look at the Supreme Court
over the last let's let's go back like I
know you've only been there eight years
or so but likely if you go back over the
last 10 or 15 years yeah how is that how
is the Supreme Court been on these cases
overall do you feel what's that time the
Supreme Court is great I would say leap
at live years oh definitely
these are not issues that are
controversial for the Supreme Court to
defend freedom of expression free speech
in the last of the second day and a half
has really been a popular on right and
one that is that no questions asked
definitely supported defended advocated
for which is probably one of the reasons
why it's such a crucial moment right now
to see what is going to happen with the
masterpiece cake's case and what's gonna
happen with this collision between the
freedom of expression and the new rights
that were created with the obergefell
decision so thank sex marriage and
religious liberty should not be in
conflict but the way that we have
allowed it to manifest in our country
they are and now the Supreme Court has
to make this decision of how we are
going to maneuver ourselves so that we
can live and let live that's the ideal
the ideal outcome I mean it does seem to
me that and it seems to me it started
with roe v wade it seems to me that when
you demand that states provide that when
you start to claim that something as a
right that you know most of the rights
in the Constitution or negative rights
it's like you the government should not
do this and it should not do that
but when you start to say that you have
a right to have an abortion that you
have a right to get married in a certain
way that you were actually stripping the
states of power and in stripping the
state of power you kind of stripped the
church of power too because the state
has no way to relate to its local
whatever its local customs and religions
and I'd go one step further and say
you're stripping the state but you're
also stripping the individual right the
federal government is so far removed
from an individual's ability to govern
themselves and to really be represented
why would
you want them making those decisions for
you um Beckett put out a book in 2008 on
these conflicts and how ideally they
would be resolved and state-level action
is preferred um if any at all is
necessary to make sure that you have the
right mix of representation like you
were saying it's it's an important it's
important thing to consider when you
start ruling by dicta from the
government
how do you guys I have to ask how do you
guys raise money do you just go out and
and ask for it yeah it seems important
because you provide the legal charitable
contributions are more than welcome
all right well Montse Alvarado thank you
very much the Becket fund I have to wrap
it up but it's been a pleasure talking
to I hope you'll come back definitely
thank you so much really interesting
woman and I I didn't even know I read
about that in the Wall Street Journal
but before that I didn't even know the
Becket fund existed all right we have to
take a quick trip I just have to read
this really quick trip to knuckle head
row
the New York Times op-ed page has
actually just beat itself I mean you you
wouldn't believe that they could outdo
themselves but they did
uma Thurman right the actress wonderful
actress she is she was on a red carpet
somewhere and she just asked about all
these sex scandals they're going on in
Hollywood and here was her response
because I have learned I am NOT a child
and I have learned that when I've spoken
in anger I usually regret the way I
express myself so I've been waiting to
feel less angry and when I'm ready I'll
say what I have to say so I was really
impressed when I saw that she's a woman
saying I'm not too angry to say
something extensible so I won't say
anything at all so they have this a
feminist writer named Lindy West at
knucklehead row and she is the author of
a book called shrill notes from a loud
woman and she opens up her op-ed
praising uma Thurman for being wise
enough to hold her tongue when angry and
then says but I'm angry so I'm gonna say
stuff she goes on and says this it is so
stupid I can only read a little bit of
it but it's worth reading not only are
this is a review of life not only are
women expected to whether sexual
violence intimate partner violence
workplace discrimination institutional
subordination the expectation of free
domestic labor by which he means home
making and motherhood that's the
expected all these things I don't know
anybody who expects women to whether
sexual violence or intimate partner
violence unless he's a thug right we we
take the blame for our own victimization
and all the sutler and visible cuts that
undermine us daily we are not even
allowed to be angry about it close your
eyes and think of America that was an
advice to a woman in the Victorian era
when she was having sex you're not gonna
enjoy it but close your eyes and think
of England
nobody nobody oh if women don't have a
voice because we're feminists are always
saying women don't have a voice how come
they never stop talking I mean how come
a you can't shut these women up so he
says we are expected to keep quiet about
the men who prey upon us as though their
predation was our choice not theirs
we're expected to sit quietly as men
debate whether or not our the state
should be allowed to forcibly use our
bodies as incubators in other words
whether the store state forces them to
have babies in order to do that the
state would have to force them to have
sex which it doesn't do they chose to
have sex and then they had a baby and
the state is saying is don't kill the
baby and the state can't even say that
anymore this thing goes on and on it is
worth reading yourself what's her name
Lindy West shrill notes from a loud
woman my entire response to it was shut
up and make me a sandwich
all right stuff I like so so it was
braum Stoker's birthday yesterday is 170
years old looks great and he wrote only
one thing he read only one thing that's
worthwhile as well he wrote Dracula in
1897 and of course everybody knows
Dracula's don't have to introduce it but
it is worth knowing that he kind of
invented the vampire I mean he took
certain parts of legends and he invented
all these things that have become
standard issue that you kind of have to
do if you tell a vampire story and they
were really his invention and what makes
the book I've talked about this before
but it's worth repeating just too
because it's such a good book and such
an exciting book and such a frightening
book it's very rare that you read a book
that is actually scary and this book is
scary and what makes it so scary is that
I think it's pretty clear that brahms
Stoker was a closeted gay guy and it it
from reading the book and you don't have
to be a Freudian to think this and I'm
not afraid in but I do think it
he was really horrified by female
sexuality and the book is not about the
horror of female sexuality at all it's
simply powered by his horror of it if
you read the scene where Lucy who has
becomes a vampire that to stake her
through the heart if you read it it is a
scene of sex it's a scene of sex being
turned into death and that's
the mechanism the way the book works
it's not what the book is about but it's
a mechanism the way of the way it works
everything is turned into physical
material so instead of the the blood and
wine of the mass he's drinking blood you
know instead of instead of a body with a
soul that's living he's lost his soul
and he's just a living body that just
goes on and on and on
preying on other people and that really
is to some degree what what the story is
about it's about materialism versus
faith and one of the things that's
really fascinating about it a lot of
Victorian stories have this theme
especially ghost stories the question of
faith and spirituality usually portrayed
as a ghost or some horrible fine
supernatural thing that's happening and
then the scientists who doesn't believe
in it and whose beliefs are shattered by
this advant but Dracula the scientist
dr. van Helsing is a man of faith he's a
man who believes and that there's a
wonderful scene in the movie the
original wonderful movie with Bela
Lugosi
where the two are fighting waged at one
another their wills are in in conflict
and Dracula leaps at van Helsing in van
Helsing pulls out the cross and Dracula
is flung back away from him and it
really is this beautiful moment of the
the man of intelligence the man of
science is the man of faith and that
really gives it a very different feeling
there's a train of thought that Dracula
represents the evil Jews that it's a an
anti-semitic book and in the movie
Dracula that the Bela Lugosi movie
trakula wears a pendant that actually is
a Star of David though whether it's
meant to be or not whether they did that
by accident or not I don't know but the
idea was you know the Jews were called
bloodsuckers and they hate the crucifix
and they they have that strange accent
and they have a goal there's one scene
in the book where they cut his they try
to cut him with a knife and they cut
open his clothes and gold pieces fall
out and so it was meant it was thought
to mean a sort of hatred of the Jewish
emigration that was taking place from
Eastern Europe since that the the Exile
of the Jews had been withdrawn there the
four Jews were no longer forbidden in
England and so they were coming back and
but it's not it's it's really not an
i semitic work a stoker was not an
anti-semite he was a liberal guy he
didn't feel that way at all I think what
has happened what it is happening is
that anti-semites look at Jews wrongly
of course as non spiritual people
anti-semites look at Jews as being
vampiric materialistic people who
destroy all the great faith you know all
the great faith emblems and structures
that Christians create and Dracula
really does that so Dracula fulfills
what anti-semites think Jews fulfill but
don't and Stoker was no way I think
trying to create an anti-semitic
character at all but it's a beautiful
book and it also is built perfectly I
always talk about every horror story has
the same three acts the first act is
what is it that's usually my favorite
act because this eerie stuff is going on
but you don't know what it is and the
second act is oh there it is where the
reveal comes and you see that it's a you
know a monster of some kind and the
third act is let's kill it and that's
the suspenseful act where they chase the
alien through the spaceship or whatever
Dracula is built on that model that sort
of perfects that model the final third
of it is as exciting as anything you'll
ever read the first third of it is
really creepy and scary and the middle
of it is just a really fascinating
reveal that's really not like anything
else it's better than all the movies the
book is better than all the movies it
really was great the clayvin this
weekend is here unless you go to itunes
and subscribe to another Kingdom Michael
Knowles will thank you and it will help
us keep him off the street yeah you'll
really enjoy it it's a really good story
please go and do that I'm gonna end I
like to end with music I think it was
last night at the Country Music Awards I
gotta remember who it was Paisley and
Underwood that's right those Carrie
Underwood and Brad Paisley they always
do these political numbers and what I
really liked about this people say oh
they attacked Donald Trump well it's
pretty good natured and unlike unlike
all the late-night shows they actually
made jokes about everybody which made it
much more palatable you know they and
the jokes they made about Trump we're
kind of funny and good-natured and I
really thought it was political humor
the way it should be done so let's go
out with that I'm Andrew Clavin this is
the Andrew Clavin show subscribe to
another Kingdom and I will see you if
you survive the clave
weekend I'll see you on Monday this
year's show is a politic freeze oh are
you kidding me
that's not fair hold on so we can't even
do like well way down yonder on the
scare Moochie that doesn't work well
what about like well she's gone gone
gone gone gone
oh no she wrote a memoir Hillary's back
so that means like no more hold me
closer Bernie Sanders oh no Harper
Valley DNC nope not even standby your
mana Fork
definitely not
well I'm clearly we can't say or play
anything so I guess to present our first
award of the night the stars of the new
movie what are you doing brother
oh I'm definitely not doing this one
right now he's probably in his PJs
watching cable news reaching for his
cellphone right now he's probably asking
Siri how in the hell do you spell
Pocahontas here we go
in the middle of the night from the
privacy of a gold-plated White House
toilet seat he writes little bob Corker
NFL and Kofi
it's in tight thank you
and it's fun a lot yeah that's for sure
two little rocket man starts a nuclear
war and
before
