alright I'm coming to you from New York
City where they just reelected a
communist for mayor so by the end of
this podcast I should be eating cats
like they do in Venezuela I always like
a good cat actually but let's let's try
a mind experiment here for a minute
let's pretend that reality can be
anything you say it is and that reality
is simply what people believe and if you
can get them to believe what you want
them to believe then that will become
reality congratulations now you're a
Democrat yesterday Democrats won two
Democrat states the day before they were
worried about losing and telling
everyone who would listen to them that
it wasn't a referendum on anything and
suddenly now that they've won it's a
referendum on Donald Trump and they're
going to win everything in 2018 and
Trump is finished and everybody should
run for their lives we'll be talking
about how we how real their reality is
plus it's the mailbag day it is mailbag
day so go take a look at yourself in the
mirror that sad sack of a person that
you are right now is about to disappear
because we're gonna answer all your
questions and the answers are guaranteed
100% correct and will change your life
on occasion for the better trigger
warning I'm Andrew Clavin and this is
the Andrew Clavin show
I'm back yes and it's so I have to tell
you it is so cold here I mean it I think
I've just gotten soft from living in
California I think I've lost I love the
cold but it is cold plus we have this
calm in this you can see it's a very
nice hotel room really is but they have
this fan system of heating which was too
loud for us to use during the show so I
had to turn it off so as you watch the
show you'll start to see like frost
forming on my eyebrows and by the end of
it I may just be sitting here staring
through like a sheen of ice Plus+ have
have you ever been to a post office in
New York I bring this up for a reason
because I'm Segway ting with this
beautiful grace and smoothness and skill
into my ad for stamps.com
because if you've ever been to a post
office in New York it's a madhouse it is
a madhouse you go in there and I mean
everybody is in it especially if it's
anywhere near lunchtime or anytime when
people have to leave their offices to go
and use the mail but you don't want to
have to do it you want to be able to do
all your post office work on your
computer because it's fast and because
it's you know it's the modern world you
don't want to be standing on line
anymore with stamps calm you can have
all the services of the US Postal
Service right at your fingertips in your
computer you can buy and print official
US postage for any letter any package
any class of mail using your computer
and printer plus it's cool I love doing
it I just love watching and he the
envelope going to the printer and come
out with a stamp in stamps calm makes it
easy they'll send you a digital scale
which automatically calculates the exact
postage and stamps come even help you
decide the best class of now based on
your needs you got to use it I use it
because it's ridiculous it's ridiculous
to have to stop what you're doing at the
speed of the interweb and suddenly go
out and be in the past standing on line
at a post office so my listeners my
listeners can enjoy the stamps comm
service with
a special offer that includes a
four-week trial plus trial plus postage
and a digital scale without any
long-term commitment what you do is you
go to stamps.com
click on the microphone at the top of
the homepage and type in clayvin very
slowly k a V a n and learn to type so
you can type it in quickly and that's
stamps comm Clavin and you'll never have
to go to the post office again which is
a good thing I actually like the post
office a they get a lot of flack but I
think they do a good job it's just you
know you got to bring them into the
modern world in your computer so before
we talk about the elections last night
and I'll talk about that and also Trump
in South Korea it's it's the anniversary
it's November 8th it's the anniversary
of the last election so I think it would
be a good thing to go back in time and
remember like revisit all the people who
are telling you what the election means
today and what's gonna happen in 2018 I
think it's just an important thing they
all win we're so let's first we'll
listen to everybody predicting what's
gonna happen in this elections cut
number 11 which Republican candidate has
the best chance of winning the general
election of the declared ones right now
Donald Trump now President Obama
weighing in saying yet again that he
does not believe that Donald Trump could
end up winning this election
can you imagine Donald Trump standing up
one day and delivering a State of the
Union address well I can imagine it in a
Saturday night's skit mr. Chuck Trump
will not be President I don't see how he
can win so Donald Trump will lose and he
will then destroy the Republican Party
you can Donald Trump win a general
election my view is no you're never
gonna be President that is open your way
to let's see I'm like 42 and you're at 3
well I can't find a single Republican
I've talked to probably 12 Republican
senators yesterday or for their
representative
I couldn't find a single one who now
thinks they're going to win so these
people exact same people who were
telling you today what's gonna happen in
2018 I mean this was like the day before
Trump was elected and we can't play that
without remembering one year ago today
the absolutely delicious moment when the
press got the news that their world had
turned upside down his next cut you're
awake by the way you're not having a
terrible terrible dream also you're not
dead and you haven't gone to hell this
is your life now this is our election
now this is us this is our country this
is a different earth today than it was
24 hours ago it's a different place
cause it just is different the woman who
President Obama called the most
qualified person ever to run for the
White House couldn't break through the
question remains who can deeper concerns
tonight that the world's shining light
of democracy has gone dark decency lost
last night and that's what's so hurtful
about this this was a white lash this
was a white lash against a changing
country
it was a white lash against a black
president in part and that's the part
where the pain comes I kind of pushed
back against the advancement of African
Americans of Hispanics of women of
Muslim Americans it is a a mourning
moment for those people and it is it is
a moment filled with fear you know this
is why you have to subscribe for a year
to the Daily wire it's a lousy hundred
bucks and not only do you get to be
asked your questions in the mailbag you
get the leftist tears tumblr and you
need it for moments like that because
you have to fill it with those leftist
tears and you know I don't like to drink
leftist tears I just have to because
they're so very good so what I think
it's just important as you go back I
mean this this election just yesterday
yesterday I was listening to experts
saying wow this doesn't matter because
they thought they were gonna lose in
Virginia they thought they were gonna
the Democrats thought they were gonna
lose the Virginia race and the polls
this is what I love about politics I
mean this is the thing I love most about
politics is this really just human
nature writ large
we all do this we all look at the world
through the lens of our beliefs and our
belief systems and so and what we want
what we desire we see the things we want
to see we don't see the things we don't
want to see and so the polls yesterday
the average poll showed that Ed
Gillespie the Republican was just two
percentage points away and that was
because the Democrats were worried they
were worried they were gonna lose this
thing and they were worried that it was
gonna be a victory for trumpism
collapsing Gillespie you know the thing
is with trumpism I'm not even sure what
trumpism is I don't even know what it
means I mean I kind of just means being
belligerent in a lot of ways although
Donald Trump has been an amazingly
conservative guy far more conservative
than I thought he was gonna be a couple
things that he hasn't been conservative
about the health care thing I think if
he had just stuck to repeal the
Obamacare bill it might be gone by now
but he was you know he has a that
Democrat streak in him that wants
everybody to have government health care
but but you know yesterday that polls
were 2 percent and turned out that
Northam the the Republican one a handy
victory in Virginia and they also got a
lot of seats in the legislature Virginia
is going blue why is it going blue it's
going blue for one reason because the
government has expanded so much under
Obama and all those people are moving
into Virginia so you're getting all
these people who are they are the swamp
they swap they are the government and
they're voting you know they're voting
the blue state people in but now now
that it turns out that you know what was
obviously going to happen happened
suddenly it's a referendum on Trump it's
a rebuke to trumpet it you know I don't
know the guy the Gillespie never really
brought from Intuit they said he was
being trumpian I don't know what that
means I guess he was talking about you
know immigration and things like that
they were arguing over sanctuary cities
which don't exist in Virginia there are
no sanctuary cities in Virginia so I
guess there was some kind of sense of
like was this going to work
when Northam won he gave the speech
basically now now that he had won now
that he was safely when he's flinging
this back into what he thinks is the
Trump coalition's face he was his speech
Virginia has told us to end the divisive
mist that we do not condone hatred and
three and two in the politics that have
torn this country apart I want to let
you know that in Virginia it's going to
take a doctor to heal our differences to
bring unity to our people and I'm here
to let you know that the doctor is in
north of dr. obviously you know if
here's the thing with the left
everything is narrative now what
politics on both sides everything is
narrative but the left actually has a
philosophy about this that they teach in
schools that that basically narrative is
the truth there is no moral world there
is no moral universe there's no moral
reality it's what you believe it's what
Hamlet said when he was pretending to be
mad and what left to say when they're
pretending to be saying nothing is
either good or bad but thinking makes it
so of course so they they then think
that if they can control the narrative
they can control the truth and therefore
instead of speaking the truth their
actual moral duty becomes to speak what
they think the narrative should be so
he's talking about division and this is
their narrative on Donald Trump that he
somehow you heard them saying a Van
Jones saying oh it's a white lash that
he won it's the victory over the people
who for the people who hate black people
who don't want who want to turn back
black people I mean really can they
point to one thing I mean this is the
thing with Trump Trump is a character
and a lot of things he does I don't like
in a lot of ways he behaves I don't like
and I think when they talk about how
unpopular he is in the same way when
they would talk about the popularity of
Obama they were really talking about the
fact that people liked him he was
civilized it was nice you know he spoke
well he had a funny you needed a good
sense of humor they weren't talking
about his policies it was clear they
didn't like his policies and I think
with Trump the same thing is happening
they don't like Trump because he's brash
and he's bullying and he's loud and all
that stuff
but but at the same time the policy the
same people who will sit and tell you
know they don't like Donald Trump will
sit into house your business doing great
how's the economy great house
you know Optive the optimism of the
consumer absolutely terrific how do you
feel about Donald Trump hate the guy I
just hate the guy this was very
pardon me is very unclear as we go
forward whether Trump is going to win
victories for his policies and his
behavior and/or he's going to lose over
his behavior and this is the thing I
really dislike about the left's politics
is everything becomes this personal
narrative everything becomes swaying
your emotions you know there's one
person who won in the for the
legislature the Virginia legislature
Danika wrong and Danica Roma's former
journalist and also a former man who now
identifies as a woman and I could make
many jokes about this but I'm not going
to because I'm just that just that
classy a guy that I'm gonna leave those
jokes on the table for you to make in
your imagination fact I'll wait while
you make those jokes would you ashamed
yourself of course you are there's a
terrible thing to say but here is danica
of death this is such a local election
that she's running over things like the
traffic you know how bad was the traffic
in your neighborhood seriously that's
what that was what the issues were and
now he or she or whatever it wins and
this is danica rome speech I've been
singled out who's ever been stigmatized
who's ever been the misfit who's never
been the kid in the corner who's ever
needed someone to stand up for when they
didn't have a voice of their own because
there's no one else who isn't who is the
width down this one's for you and this
one is for most importantly the people
of Haymarket
I mean really who cares like fix the
traffic fix the traffic nobody cares
about your sex life nobody cares you
know it's just like that just try not to
chase anybody around that you know the
biggest problem we have in politics is
these guys chasing the pages around you
know just try not to do that and fix the
traffic who cares it is just that
everything is a civil rights issue that
every weird weirdo or oddball getting
elected is some new you know
breakthrough in civil rights it's just
this it's this narrative that the world
is filled with oppression and I really
don't think in America people are very
oppressed I just don't think they are I
think they feel bad about themselves and
I think they there there are people who
dislike them and it's hard to live in
that society but you know this is not a
victory for anybody except me unless
unless you know they fixed the traffic
now I have to say that it was a good
narrative because he was running or she
was running against a guy who was you
know big he had put forward a bathroom
bill keep transgenders out of bathrooms
he called himself the chief homophobe in
Virginia so it was a very you know there
was a very black-and-white narrative
there but still still it's all of this
stuff is about narrative speaking of
which speaking of narrative and how the
left the left is always desperate to
control it because they actually think
they're controlling reality not just not
just electoral reality because it is
true if they can get you to believe
certain things they can get you to vote
in certain ways but those policies as
they found out in Detroit and every
other city Democrats run those policy
still won't work they can't change that
reality no matter what they get you to
believe so you know the other day that
Donna Brazile and I just want to remind
you as we go forward
Trump is unpopular like I said I'm not
sure whether he's unpopular personally
or because of his policies and which
people will vote for so I just I just
don't know because I don't know the
future and the people who tell you they
do we saw a lot of them before they
don't know the future either okay so the
other thing is is the Democrat Party is
equally unpopular they are at their
lowest popularity since the 90s people
hate them they're corrupt everybody sees
they're corrupt if going far to the left
everybody sees them going far to the
left
another thing about the guy who won in
Northam who won in Virginia is he was a
moderate a lot of the left-wing base did
not like him because he was a moderate
so Donna Brazile we talked about this
before she came out and she talked about
the corruption in the DNC talked about
the fact that Obama cared so little
about anybody but himself that he
bankrupted the DNC Hillary Clinton like
a shark saw the blood in the water swam
in there got them to agree paid off
their debts but got them to agree to
funnel money launder money through her
and there but I took over the campaign
and basically gave the shaft to Bernie
so we showed I showed a couple of days
ago I showed some of the news minutes
CNN just dissing Donna Brazile because
she slipped Hillary a question while she
was working as a commentator for CNN so
they had to fire her so he got it she
got it from the non CNN source and she
slipped Hillary a debate question and
they fired her so suddenly they were
dissing her for that Tucker Carlson says
that he has a source who tells him that
this was a setup job that this was a
talking point at CNN that they were told
to go after her here's Tucker and then
we added on a couple of a couple of
examples of the Anka CNN anchorman going
after Donna Brazile she's the one who
threw somebody who doesn't work at CNN
got access to one town hall question and
and sent an email which we know from
WikiLeaks to someone in the Clinton
campaign to give them a town hall
question which is completely unethical
she wasn't doing that for for Bernie
Sanders do you take her at her word Sam
given the fact that she lied about that
CNN debate and giving those questions to
Hillary Clinton ahead of time I just
cannot believe the bombshell that Donna
Brazile has launched where she says that
she was dealing with three quote Titanic
egos President Obama you know seriously
when she lied and when it was revealed
that CNN fired her for giving to bake
questions Hillary this is what your this
is basically what you're facing when you
were watching political commentary and I
enjoy it because as a novelist I like
watching human nature unfold and what it
is is these people trying to convince
you and convince themselves that reality
is a certain way nobody knows the future
right now you know I do think Trump is
on top
I think that could I think that could
genuinely change I don't think it's
gonna change about his personality I
think people don't like his personality
it's a you know even even the fact that
in many ways I do not think that a
softer person could have broken through
the bars that the media and the
professore has surrounded us with that
lies I don't think a softer personality
could have broken through it makes me
uncomfortable I'm sure makes a lot of
people uncomfortable that our country
has reached the level where we might
need someone as bullying and Borgias
Donald Trump to break through and that
that's an uncomfortable fact there's a
moral hazard there though I think we we
kind of sense even if we support what
Trump is doing as I basically do so far
which brings me to the in fact the my
beautiful body I mean that's the first
thing that just pops into my mind when
I'm talking about that I don't know why
because I have to talk about Beachbody
on demand normally if I wanted to sell
you Beachbody on demand I would tell you
that I'm using it and then I would just
strip my shirt off I you know I've
gotten complaints when I do that because
the fan mail is just so overwhelms our
systems also because it's so cold here
that if I strip my shirt off just keep
off the camera that'd be the last you
would ever see of me but Beachbody on
demand helps helps keep you on shape
because it's an online fitness streaming
service it gives you unlimited access to
a wide variety of highly affected
effective world-class workouts these are
personalized to meet your needs and they
come with extensive nutritional content
that it's all proven to help people
achieve their health and fitness goals
so you get step-by-step program guides
workout calendars comprehensive
nutrition plans and innovative portion
control focus cooking show called fixate
and the motivation and support of a
growing community Beachbody on demand is
the total package if you want to look
great and it's the great thing about it
is because it's video service you can
take it with you wherever you go so here
I am in a hotel room I've got it on my
phone I can just bring it bring it right
up anywhere you want it's got well known
workout routines insanity which is
insane in fact p90x piata I don't know
how to pronounce this one P I haven't
done this one yet VI why oh really good
stuff over 600 different workouts over
100 recipe videos and and you can get a
free trial
membership if you are listening to the
sound the mellifluous sound of my voice
they have over a million members already
and you can get a free listener a free
membership if you just text andrew on
your phone to three-one three-one
three-one that will give you full access
to the entire Beachbody on demand
platform for free and you can test it
out you can see you see how how terrific
it is and how well it works Beachbody on
demand it's really a helpful helpful
service and you can try it for free if
you just text Andrew two three one let
me just make sure I have as many three
ones text andrew to three one three one
three one and try it out for free
alright we got to say goodbye
don't we - eh - YouTube where am i him
in another city I don't know where I am
do YouTube and Facebook but you can come
over to the daily wire calm and listen
to the rest of the show you can listen
to the rest of the show on youtube if
you want but if you want to watch the
show if you want to watch the show you
subscribe right for a lousy ten bucks a
month and then you can watch the whole
show on the daily wired.com if you
subscribe for a lousy 100 bucks you get
an entire year you get the leftist tears
tumblr and and you can ask your
questions in the mailbag which is coming
up right soon one of the dangers about
narrative is that it skews everything
and excuse everything in favor of the
president because the president has this
kind of you know minar kacal appearance
in the in the american system he kind of
fills in for the king as well as being
the executive we focus all our energy on
him but the problem with that is it
gives a false impression of what our
president is supposed to be Trump was on
with my friend Larry O'Connor the other
day was being interviewed by Larry
O'Connor who I think is with mediate and
WMAL and he had he said this thing that
the left has been making fun of kind of
justifiably but it's interesting to pay
attention to what Trump says here to
tell our Congress just audio the saddest
thing is that because of the President
of the United States I am not supposed
to be involved with the Justice
Department I'm not supposed to be
involved with
the FBI I'm not supposed to be doing the
kind of things that I would love to be
doing and I'm very frustrated by that
he's very frustrated that he can't he
wants Hillary Clinton investigated that
he can't skew the investigation so the
left was making fun speaking of this by
the way I was just to go off on a
tangent for a minute there was a really
interesting story on Fox the other day
remember that Russian lawyer Natalia a
vessel did skaia
who met with Donald Trump jr. and they
were saying oh it's treason it's treason
it's treason before we found out that
Hillary Clinton had paid fusion gps for
to get you know intelligence from the
Russians before we found that out that
wasn't treason but this was treason
treason treason Fox had a report from
some of their better reporters of some
of their best reporters saying that
Natalia I can't pronounce her last name
another lawyer met with fusion GPS right
before that meeting and right after that
meeting now people are making their
conspiracy of this I'm not sure what it
is but put a put a pin in it because
we'll come back to it it's it you know
not today but we'll see keep an eye on
that just to see what that was all about
but anyway this the media itself has
become so focused on the presidency that
the president thinks he's supposed to
have more power than he's supposed to
have so Trump he's surprised someone
else was surprised was Obama and I just
want to take you back in time for just a
minute
when leftist reporter Jonathan Karl
asked Obama this question basically
begging him to become king and this is
part of the narrative but the part of
the way the narrative skews I our idea
of what the president is when you were
running for president you said quote the
biggest problems we're facing right now
have to do with George Bush trying to
bring more and more power into the
executive branch and not go through
Congress at all and that's what I intend
to reverse so my question to you has
Congress's inability to do anything
significant given you a green light to
push the limits of executive power even
a duty to do so or or put another way
does it bother you more to be accused of
being an imperial president pushing
those limits or to be accused of being a
do-nothing president you couldn't get
anything done because you faced
dysfunctional Congress it's the press
begging Obama to take over to become
king I mean that's basically an Obama
basically obliged them said I have a pen
and a phone and I'm not gonna wait for
legislation I think that this is part of
this narrative because the press it's
easy to cover one person it's easy to
cover and it's easy for the pop of the
people to think about one person as
representing the country I think they
give the president too much power
Trump however like I said people dislike
him but he's doing many good things he
did one of them yesterday is in South
Korea you know he's got a real problem
over there because the South Korean
president moon is basically appeasing
the North Koreans basically appeasing
the Chinese and Trump went in there
really in his now signature fashion and
really gave it to the North Koreans on
their in on their own turf and basically
telling them you know knock it off but
it played the cut I'm not sure which cut
it is the cut where he tells them not to
mess with us today I hope I speak not
only for our countries but for all
civilized nations when I say to the
North do not underestimate us and do not
try us we will defend our common
security our shared prosperity and our
sacred liberty we did not choose to draw
here on this peninsula
this magnificent Peninsula the thin line
of civilization that runs around the
world and down through time but here it
was drawn and here it remains to this
day it is the line between peace and war
between decency and depravity between
law and tyranny between hope and total
despair it's a really good speech as his
overseas speeches tend to be and the big
question with him is what can he back up
his words because what's he gonna do is
he willing to really go to the military
option when he faces down this guy and I
just just so you remember what it was
like under Obama just so you do not
forget what this guy is replacing John
Kerry listen to John Kerry former
Secretary of State Obama Secretary of
State on this speech I think what
President needs to do is make sure that
he's not feeding into North Korea's fear
of regime change or you know a
unilateral attack or otherwise and I
think the rhetoric to date has frankly
stepped over the line with respect to
the messages that are being sent it's
given North Korea a reason to say hey we
need to bomb because we don't have a
bomb we're gonna you know not be able to
protect ourselves and they'll come after
us
so we've got to get into the dialogue
it's not gonna be easy it's not gonna
happen overnight
lots of negotiations have taken a long
time clown what a clown I mean we're
giving him a reason it's our fault
classic classic Kerry by the way classic
of the left it's always the United
States of all nobody else has you know
Muslims don't have a philosophy that
drives them to kill us it's our fault
the North Koreans don't have a lunatic
in office it's our fault just insane
that that they live inside that's that
is the difference between the right and
the left is the left every politician
lies but the left actually believes
their own lives I really do think that
and just incredible that this is the
guys replacing so the question really is
how much of the Trump narrative is real
I mean that's what we're gonna see
and he can he really face down the sky
and North Korea can he do anything with
the legislature here if he can I don't
think the fact that he's personally
unpleasant to a lot of people is gonna
matter that much all right we got to go
to the mailbag what's that lag I'm
always afraid she's not gonna show up at
Lyndsey always shows up from Matthew if
you been Shapiro and Michael Knowles
were stranded on an island and you had
no food who do you think you guys would
eat first and why obviously Noel's
because he's useless what's the point of
him and after that I think we just have
to you know fight it out from Nick dear
Clavin the all-knowing all-wise and all
bald being I'm a young man looking for a
mate and have been trying to reconcile
the fact that I find some women more
physically attractive than others with
the advice that everyone gives about not
marrying someone just for their looks my
question is simply this what role of any
should beauty play and my choice of whom
to date and ultimately marry well I
think I actually think you're confusing
two things of course you shouldn't marry
someone just for their looks beauty like
courage is an amoral virtue bad people
have courage and good people have
courage bad people have beauty and good
people have beauty so that's that's
really not to say that you shouldn't be
attracted to your wife I think you very
much should have a physical attraction
to your wife as well I mean I think that
that's an important you know that's an
important part of you know erotic love
being married is partly erotic love and
you want to have somebody you're
attracted to the only thing I would add
to that by the way is you know you know
women are freaking frequently grow more
attractive as you get to know them when
you find out that they are nice when you
find out that they have a lot of traits
that you love when you find out that
they're gentle kind all those things
they literally become more beautiful as
you were talking to them and so you
shouldn't necessarily you shouldn't keep
your idea of beauty here's here's a
place you're gonna hear me agree with
the feminists your head can explode
here's a place where I do believe that
the kind of sale of a certain narrow
idea of beauty that is a lot largely
created by Photoshop and sometimes by
spending so much time in the gym that
you have no
that narrow idea of beauty really does
need to be expanded because when you
talk to women and they are beautiful
Minh their personalities are beautiful
they actually do become beautiful I've
had this happen I've had this experience
I've fallen in love with the woman that
you know I didn't think was that
attractive and as I got to know where
she got more and more attractive I think
that that's the only thing you shouldn't
limit your idea of what beautiful is but
you should be attracted to your wife
that you know it's like you're going to
that's going to be a romantic life after
marriage and you want it to be you want
it to work from Lucinda do you have any
suggestions for getting out of the
ecclesiastes mindset all things are full
of weariness a man cannot utter at the
eye is not satisfied with seen or the
year with hearing what has been is what
will be and what has been done is what
will be done and there is nothing new
Under the Sun who says life is
exhausting and very painful life it can
be extremely painful and it can be
exhausting but it's also very beautiful
and I think that that is something you
can train yourself to understand and to
see that there are there's so much in
life that is it has spoken into the
world directly by God love kindness the
little joys of existence the the
harmless pleasures of food and having
sex with someone that you love and are
committed to and all those things that's
just tremendous tremendous beauty in the
world and that beauty will lead you
right into the infinite so while it is
fashionable and while there is truth to
the kind of Ecclesiastes soon cynicism
Ecclesiastes is a very deep rich book I
think that Ecclesiastes is meant to
guide you away from the hurly-burly of
life from the things that people tell
you are important oh my gosh Donald
Trump said this oh my gosh Barack Obama
said this and to make you refocus on the
things that really matter you know if
you're if you're eaten up by a desire
for money but desire for success a
desire for fame all those things that
don't mean anything if they're
unattached from God that's when that
cynicism starts to come over you you
know if you ever see or read the play
Macbeth it is a beautiful description of
how living
side the moral universe brings you to
this kind of cynicism and despair but if
you live toward God if you live for God
you start to find that all these things
become beautiful again even though the
cynicism is justified Ecclesiastes is
not meant to make you turn away from
life it's meant to make you turn away
from life as people tell you it's
supposed to be lived it's meant to make
you turn away from the things that are
unimportant in life and remember what's
important that's the way I've always
read that book either it's one of my
favorite books in the Bible and I think
that it's it's cynicism and weariness
are an attitude that come upon you when
you have followed the wrong things when
you've gone after the wrong things from
James good day to you I'm writing to ask
your permission to use your cartoon
drawing the most handsome cartoon
character ever drawn on paper in my huge
tattoo piece you have absolute
permission go ahead do that sucker all
over yourself no face to be on
everybody's chest and having said that
to this guys let me say to the rest of
you don't get tattoos they're
uncivilized all right yeah idea that
someone might walk around with my face
tattooed on his body
it's just lead there that'll take you to
the ecclesiastes mindset right there all
right from Peter Andrew I'm vehement ly
pro-life so my my best buddy growing up
and his girlfriend got pregnant with
twins and had them aborted given the
climate of opinion on abortion I'm sure
that neither of them thought of it as
murdering their own children but I can't
see it as anything less I'm having a
hard time hanging out or even speaking
to my friend what should I do all right
really good question really tough
question part of me I'm getting a little
choked up here being indoors all the
time a really good question all right
first of all you this if this person is
really your best friend or your good
friend you can't live in a lie in a
dishonest relationship with them you
have to talk to them so the question is
what
you gonna say and obviously going up to
him and you know shouting murderer and
hitting him over the head with your
Bible or whatever you plan to do or
whatever you know you might feel like
doing it's obviously not the way forward
you want to communicate with this guy
he's your friend
the the love between you is important
and as are the lives that were lost in
this abortion are also important and if
it were if it were me if it were I I
would I would sit him down especially if
he was my best buddy growing up and tell
him look I have a problem this is what
I'm feeling and I have to tell you about
it I you know I I know that you don't
see it this way I see it this way it's
really giving me a problem I think that
you know in my world you you've done a
wrong thing and and these children had a
life and they real never get to live and
I'm you know it's not it's not for you
it's not for you to pass judgment on him
you know you have a judgement of what he
did which is you know I agree with but
it's not for you but you know his
judgment comes elsewhere is not for you
to pass judgment on and especially
because that doesn't help see that
doesn't help that doesn't isn't gonna
lead him to change his mind
but I think that maybe just explaining
to him that exactly what you told me
that you have a problem with him a
problem being around him a problem
talking to him you know look it might
end the friendship that could be really
painful but I think being honest being
honest with compassion being honest with
kindness is the only way to save the
friendship because what good is a
friendship if it's based around alive
it's based around an atmosphere and why
it's a tough conversation I don't envy
you having to have it but I think that
it is worth having to have it because
the reason it's worth having have it is
because the guy is your friend just
walking away from him because you feel
uncomfortable with him leaves no
opportunity no opportunity for him to
change or for him to see things
differently it's very hard for people of
davin who've had an abortion to change
because they have to accept that they
may have done something that really was
not right and that's a hard thing for
all of us to do I mean I think that it's
the beginning of wisdom I think that
our old pal of the devil depends on us
rationalizing our bad actions so that we
continue going down that road the more
you rationalize the further down the
road you have to go so don't expect
anything don't expect anything we go to
them and with compassion with love speak
the you know speak now you're feeling
don't speak about what he did speak
about how you're feeling about what he
did and and you know who knows what can
come of it honesty and love go a lot do
a lot of crazy things in the world and
it's it's worth doing because you don't
really have a choice you don't really
have a choice you can't live in
dishonesty with your friends not that
level of dishonesty all right I don't
really I'm running out of time here but
last one all right
kind of just read one just like that
here is mr. Clavin I make my son read he
has to give a book report or explain the
stories moral subject matter he doesn't
like to read very much at all
so I thought a book of poems might be a
good change from straight stories could
you recommend a good book of American
poets or a good a book of good poets in
general let me address this this is from
Sarah you know boys don't like to read a
lot of times because they I've talked to
all these teachers who say I can't get
boys to read and you say what are the
what are they reading what are you
giving them to read and it'll be like
you know rainbow princess goes to the
ball or something it'll be something
that no boy wants to read and so I
highly recommend first of all let me
sell you one of my books I'm going to do
this because I know from the letters
that I get that this book is it has an
extraordinary effect on young boys who
don't read try reading my homeland or
series the first one is called the last
thing I remember that's a four book
series and if that and I would like to
hear from you I would like to hear if
that has any effect but to answer your
question more directly a poet poetry if
you're gonna go to poetry I would go to
story poems he might I don't know what
your son likes what kind of subjects he
likes but he might like Edgar Allan Poe
then he might like the creepy stuff in
the Raven I mean that's a story poem he
might like the highwayman that's an
adventure poem there are a lot of really
good poems the the death of Dan Murr the
shooting of Dan McGrew poems that tell
stories frequently reached people but I
would
say though you know look it looks like
Shan by Jack Sheaffer books that really
have a cool narrative with fighting and
gunplay and manhood and things like that
and and again try them try my homeland
err series it's written it's written for
a Christian publisher it's squeaky clean
but it's very exciting and very
adventurous and and I'm not just seizing
this opportunity to sell the book I'm
really not but the last thing I remember
is the first one and I just the things
that people tell me about it make me
feel that it could solve this problem
and I want to hear from you if it does
and if it doesn't all right we have to
stop there let's move on to tickety-boo
news watch it because I'm doing this on
my laptop watching this little image of
myself dance across my laptop it's a
little surreal you know I'm blessed I
can't I can't wait I hope this guy does
this tattoo thing and then just sends me
pictures not too many but depends where
the tattoos are and on whom I think you
know so take any bruise I what I like to
talk about is how we read the news and
what we see in the news and how the news
tries to fool us and I kind of would
have been talking about all day today
about the narrative and selling a
narrative I've talked about this before
but I just I'm getting a phone call on
my hotel phone nothing I can do about
them all right I'll pick it up and I
know that's the instruction I'm getting
oh well this is the hotel phone I didn't
think about that you know I just
finished this book cheryl atkinson book
the smear and i'm a big fan of shower
ikenson is an excellent reporter
investigative reporter had to leave CBS
because they wouldn't run her Obama
stories they were protecting Obama from
scandal because they wanted his
administration to be scandal free and
they achieved that by not covering the
scandals she has a take on fake news
that I had never quite considered before
do you remember pizza gate pizza gate
was obviously this kind of weird
conspiracy story that there was a pizza
parlor in Washington called comet
ping-pong I think it was called and
Hillary Clinton was somehow running
child sex slavery ring out of this pizza
parlor and finally finally somebody went
in there with a gun and I think even
fired a shot and and this began this
kind of panic about fake news and
obviously Donald Trump took hold of that
and he turned it around
and he shot it back at the left that was
the left who was putting forward this
fake news this whole thing about fake
news but the left started with fake news
and tried to use it and to some extent
who has used it to censor people and
what Cheryl Atkinson points out and she
doesn't make this accusation but she
points out that David Brock Brock is the
guy who created Media Matters he is a
left-wing smear merchant he started out
as a right-wing smear merchant I think
smearing Anita Hill and and then became
a left-wing smear merchant he started
Media Matters in American bridge and all
these Citizens for responsibility he was
just an attack dog for Hillary Clinton
and he would go around you know
spreading these stories making sure the
press covered things the way he wanted
them to he's attacked sharyl Attkisson
he smears anybody who comes up against
him and the guy who owned the pizza
parlor was his former boyfriend it was
his ex boyfriend and she points out that
he is a master that Brock's a master of
controlling the narrative and there is
reason to think or at least it is
possible that he invented pizza gate
this absurd conspiracy that in order to
make sure that right-wingers would
up the fake news and then he could say
we need to do something about fake news
and going as he did go in to Facebook
and Google and Google is a very big
Democrat supporter their big Clinton
Easter's and everything like that go in
and say you know we need to curate this
and remember Barack Obama gave this his
support people forget this but he was in
favor of you know you'd say it's not
censorship but it's curating the news
and Obama was a master at giving these
speeches so his minions would go off and
do it without his having his
fingerprints on it but let's just
remember this one piece of video of
Obama calling for a curating curating
the news we're gonna have to rebuild and
within this wild wild west of
information flow some sort of curating
function that people agree to you know I
used the analogy in politics it used to
be there were three television stations
and Walter Cronkite's on there and not
everybody agreed and there were always
outliers who thought that it was all
propaganda and we didn't really land on
the moon and all this is still alive and
so forth but generally that was in you
know the papers that you bought at the
supermarket right as you were checking
out and and generally people trusted a
basic body of information it wasn't
always as Democratic as it should have
been and it's always exactly right that
for example on something like climate
change we've actually been doing some
interesting initiatives where we're
essentially deputizing citizens with
handheld technologies to start recording
information that then gets pooled
they're becoming scientists without
getting the PhD so so there is obama
saying you know we're going to curate
the news facebook and google they met
with rocks people and they said we're
gonna let them have facebook said we're
gonna let them have some say over
identifying fake news all the people
they allow to have say we're liberals
they were all left wingers they all were
and and now dennis prager of course is
suing YouTube for you know making his
stuff restricted and mean dennis prager
ooze and one of the
was rational you know kind of
middle-of-the-road conservatives there
is they're giving him a hard time and so
this was a this was something that may
have been starting with pizza gate may
have been organized by this guy Brock
basically to make it harder for us to
get our words out and I have to say that
quote you just saw that piece of video
it took me forever to find it it's hard
for me to find Chuck Schumer saying
stupid things I know he said it's hard
for me to find all the things if you
feed in you know give me that point
where Obama lied about it you will not
get that information Google is making it
harder and harder YouTube is making it
harder steven crowder is getting hit by
YouTube it is it is an actual attempt to
silence conservatives without your even
seeing they're being silenced and I
think it's really interesting that this
pizza gate thing which I debunked at the
time I may have ID bunked it because I
knew it was untrue but it never occurred
to me as sharyl Attkisson puts forward
that it might have been it might have
been planted not by the right but by the
left it might have been fake news put in
there to deputize them to censor
information so that's a really it's a
really interesting point of view I'd
love to hear more about it I'd love to
see if a Kingstown can get some the
goods on it she says has a timeline
that's very very suggestive in her book
alright we got a really fascinating
interview tomorrow with Monty Alvarado
who is part of the Becket fund which is
God's ACLU she goes around defending
religious rights it was really
interviewed interesting interview I will
be here in New York
I may have frozen by then I may be
eating cats but by golly I will get back
to you I'm Andrew Clavin this is the
Andrew Clavin show and I'll see you
tomorrow
