today marks the 100th anniversary of the
October Revolution this might confuse
you as today is November 7th the
discrepancy of dates is directly caused
by Russia's still having been on the old
Julian calendar in 1917 but indirectly
more profoundly the October revolutions
November birthdate exemplifies the
central fact of communism it's alive
from the very beginning despite
representing a tiny minority of
political forces at work in the February
revolution to oust Russia's Romanov
dynasty and constituting only the
majority of the most extreme leftist
elements among the Russian
revolutionaries Vladimir Lenin called
his faction Bolshevik which means one of
the majority
now speaking of lies to commemorate this
day the Washington Post ran a 4,700 word
piece titled 100 years later Bolshevism
is back and we should be worried yeah
I'd be worried about that it's pretty
scary you might assume that the
Washington Post article describes the
recent spate of New York Times pieces
extolling the virtues of communism here
are some headlines what killed the
promise of Muslim communism are
Christians supposed to be communists no
spoiler alert no or why women had better
sex under socialism you you might
presume that the Washington Post
discussed the terrifying recent poll
that showed that the majority of
American Millennials would rather live
in a communist socialist or fascist
nation than a capitalist nation then
hood nation where you have freedom but
no that's that it's not what the
Washington Post talked about instead in
this nearly 5,000 word article they
accused Republican President Donald
Trump whose administration has overseen
massive deregulation enforcement of
democratically elected enacted law the
appointment of textualist judges
faithful to the Constitution a bold and
nuanced foreign policy that is thus far
avoided the disastrous bellicosity a
Barack Obama's regime robust defense of
civil rights and religious liberty no no
no they accused that President Trump of
being a neo Bolshevik the Washington
Post ladies and Ammar C dies in darkness
though what fake news at its finest
Vladimir Lenin
is said to have called communist
sympathizers in America useful idiots
the phrase refers to people like New
York Times reporter Lincoln Steffens who
traveled to the Soviet Union shortly
after the Revolution and claimed quote I
have seen the future and it works or New
York Times reporter Walter durante I'm
seeing a trend here New York Times
reporter Walter durante who won the
Pulitzer Prize for publishing Stalin's
propaganda denying the hollow dome war
that starved the death starve to death
seven and a half million people or an
apple bomb the Pulitzer prize-winning
journalist who penned today's insipid
twaddle in the Washington Post all
allegedly expert thought leaders on a
subject about which they wrote in such
ignorance the Russian Revolution led to
the death of at least 94 million people
as communism infected nations around the
world it enslaved half of the globe yet
much of the left in America remains
unrepentant in their support of tyranny
finally new rule Fidel Castro is not
worse than vampire Hitler and Cuba is
not North Korea crossed with hell if we
had opened up relations with Cuba 30
years ago instead of pursuing the
stupidest most ineffective policy in
American history not named the drug war
today Cuba would look like st. Barths
and your kid would be there on spring
break drinking I'm out of a jog jug
shaped like a frog people in sine occurs
like yours affluent protected people in
Western countries where they can speak
their minds who defend this guy I've
never met anybody who fled from Cuba who
would defend him because well the ones
who have fled for a number of reasons
sometimes for personal reasons they left
their wives behind they want to start a
new life with a new wife forget about
the old family there you don't hear
about that in the media there and
nationalism accurately
Castro were abandoning their families
some because they want to begin a new
life there some of them work so it's not
there's not this huge system of
political oppression that is very
popular among among certain sectors
there in 1985 you praised the Sandinista
government and you said
Danielle Ortega was an impressive guy
this is what you said about Fidel Castro
yes listen you know way back in moments
of 1961 they invaded Cuba and everybody
was totally convinced the Castro was the
worst guy in the world
all the Cuban people were gonna rise up
in rebellion against Fidel Castro
they'd forgot that he educated the kids
gave them health care totally transform
the society useful idiots like Bernie
Sanders at the end I'm sure you could
tell because he sounds exactly the same
as he did then both in content and in
voice but that was Bernie about 30 years
ago useful idiots men of character and
moral clarity saw this evil for what it
was as it began people all the time
quote the Iron Curtain line of Winston
Churchill's speech the sinews of peace
but they often neglect his prescription
for how to fight this ideology of lies
the blind to the fact that the liberties
enjoyed by individual citizens
throughout the United States and
throughout the British Empire are not
valid in a considerable number of
countries some of which are very
powerful between these states
control it enforced upon the common
people by various kinds of all-embracing
police governments to a degree which is
overwhelming and contrary to every
principle of democracy the power of the
state is exercised without restraint
either by dictators or by compact
oligarchies operating through a
privileged party and a political police
but we must never cease to proclaim in
fearless tones the great principles of
freedom and the rights of man which are
the joint inheritance of the
english-speaking world that freedom of
speech and thought should reign the
courts of justice independent of the
executive unbiased by any party should
administer laws we have received the
broader sense of large majorities or are
consecrated by time and custody
let us preach what we practice let us
practice what we preach
perfectly said perfectly summed up by
Winston Churchill we must not only
practice what we preach we also have to
preach what we practice yet from the
American left all too often we hear
Liberty for me but not for thee from
atop the shoulders of the Giants who
built our civilization on ordered
liberty and human dignity they preach
against the spiritual and philosophical
foundation of that society that they
enjoy of the life that they live they
are thus officers economists and
calculators that Edmund Burke warned us
about but some men understood
Churchill's vision and they saw through
the degrading materialism of communist
ideologies Winston Churchill said the
destiny of man is not measured by
material computations when great forces
around the move in the world we learn
where spirits not animals and he said
there's something going on in time and
space and beyond time and space which
whether we like it or not
spells duty you and I have a rendezvous
with destiny
communism deprives a man of his dignity
because it pretends that man is an
animal that's why we're conservatives
see people leftists only seed the masses
the unwashed masses how often do you
hear that phrase the more they love
mankind the less they love men in
particular GK Chesterton understood that
communism relies on a central lie which
comes from the father of lies and he
explained the strange fruit of this
mystical religion of materialism he
wrote quote the Marxian talks as if the
only object of saving people from
sufferings inflicted by the quote blind
forces of capitalism was that those
people should have material consumption
and material security it is not it is
that they should have life and that they
should have it more abundantly it is not
only that a man should be secure of
eating the turnip it is that he should
have authority over the turnip and
liberty with the turnip and the right to
choose his own way of cooking the turnip
for that sense of dignity makes all the
difference to his general view of life
and of that heaven which fills the empty
spaces and the idle hours on this
hundreth anniversary of Lenin's lies
let's redouble our efforts to defend the
liberty and dignity that make life worth
living and to rebuff the useful idiots
who propagate those lies at every
that we possibly can
