all right all righty so here we are in
another Ben Shapiro Show Facebook live
special with our good friend Adam
Carolla Adam of course if you don't know
him it's because you're ignorant but
he's the host of the incredibly popular
Adam Carolla Show
he's also three times New York Times
bestselling author whose books are
hysterically funny and he is again
teaming up with my other friend Dennis
Prager on Wednesday November 29th at the
King's theater in Brooklyn New York for
an evening with Adam Carolla and Dennis
Prager and they're gonna talk about
everything from politics to life to
pizza toppings apparently and if you've
never been to one of the atoms and in
Dennis's events I've been to one of them
and that they're really fun and
enjoyable Adam thanks for joining me
here so aside from a raking in some
extra cash why you do these events with
Dennis uh you know I love being up on
stage but I I like doing different
things and working with different people
and I've always been a fan of Dennis and
you know I we we come from completely
different worlds but I used to like
listening to him when he did religion on
the line a million years ago
and I'm not religious at all so I was
always a fan of his of course he had no
idea who I was cuz you know he doesn't
know who Janis Joplin is he doesn't know
he probably doesn't know Henry Ford like
there's nobody who knows less in terms
of pop culture references celebrities
and especially see celebrities like
myself so he had no idea who I was but
eventually his producer or I think his
engineer made him aware of me we were
thick as thieves as soon as we got along
because even though we're totally
different we both agree on common sense
and I think if you can agree on common
sense its trumps everything you can
break down everything you know abortion
gun control you know build a wall
whatever it is about yours
whatever topics if if you are very tuned
into common sense and you're tuned in
the common sense and fraggers tune in it
comes you'll agree on 98% of the subject
because if common sense prevails
you're not going to land on another side
of the topic so we're million miles
apart except for the common sense but
that always brings us together I mean
you guys you guys got along so well that
I know you're doing a documentary
together too about what's going on on
the college campuses I was lucky enough
to meet up with some of your guys when
who came along with me today to the
Berkeley insanity but how's the
documentary going what is that supposed
to come out it's gonna be mid early 2018
it's going very well it was a perfect
time to make this they just came to me
and said you want to be part of this you
want to work with Dennis and you know
any excuse to work with Dennis so we are
following people like you we're talking
to college professors were following
ourselves out on stage we're gonna do
recreations it's not gonna be just a
straight-ahead documentary it's gonna be
a little more of a film with young
Dennis and young Adam and and all that
kind of insanity so they're gonna be
very compelling it'll always be funny
it'll be interesting and hopefully it'll
make you think and entertain awesome Oh
Adam if you missed it you can also go
watch Adam testify in front of Congress
I had to play second fiddle to Adam
testifying in front of Congress about
about bias on college campuses you never
want to sit next to a comedian during a
congressional hearing it's always a
mistake but that was those sort of my
lot in life anyway I will say about that
you don't want to sit next to an A
student during pass either especially
the one where you can't cheat off of
because I had that feeling about you too
which is
I'm a horrible students always was a
horrible student and probably got my
improv chops through being horrible
students and learning how to wing it so
to speak just sort of make it up on the
fly and I flew in late to Washington the
night before you know slept cell 5:30 in
the morning
I had no idea what I was gonna say and
then I saw Ben Shapiro a students with a
six pages you know fifty one seconds of
stage totaling out five minutes and I
think what have I got myself into
because I had a notepad it's in arrows
leading to the ideas like oh I want to
say this idea after this idea but it's
ahead of it on the page I'll draw an
arrow that'll remind me to say it later
well it's a demerit are you doing any
college appearances because I know that
you know every time I do a college
appearance now I have to have these
massive security teams have you've
actually done any events at colleges in
the recent past are you planning to it's
so funny that you brought that up
because I just found an old page with a
nice tree on it that I can hold up from
from June of 1998 this is me and dr.
brew and it's us at Northern Illinois
and DeKalb University of Texas
University of Wisconsin University of
Wisconsin Whitewater University and
Savannah Kansas fullhart clams and
Kansas again Alabama this is all in the
course of like five weeks we played like
19 colleges we would team Lee toured the
country and tour colleges and I think
those days are over
it was no big woof back then you just
show up with your opinion say whatever
you wanted onstage just get paid and
leave yeah I mean so are you gonna do
any more colleges we've been invited to
yeah I just avoid no I'm not I'm not
invited to play any colleges and I think
those those days are over
I mean quite honestly I don't even know
what I would want to tell a 19 year old
anymore
III mean I know it's prestigious and I
and I know you can also make some money
doing it but to sit there and have to
endure that and hassle it and deal with
the security and the safety and then
whatever I mean we're living in a super
weird world right now right like I just
had the conversation with my
20 minutes ago where she explained in LA
there supposed to be some big and Tifa
rally or attacked or whatever was you
know this weekend and I said well I'm
due to go to the convention center to do
a I'm gonna interview Sylvester Stallone
I'm gonna do a talk on podcasting to
like the wealth and real estate Expo or
whatever and then I was invited to go to
the Lakers game and I want to bring my
son with me to the Lakers game and she
said I don't want him going downtown
during this and Tifa rally and I thought
well first off this is never gonna
happen but on the other hand why does my
wife and my son's life have to be ruined
by this you know like just the
just the idea that I'm saying to my wife
in 2017 hey good news I got seats on the
floor someone gave me tickets to see the
Lakers game this weekend and she goes
hold on there's an antifa rally I don't
know she didn't say I don't want you
going well I mean I assume that she
inherits in your will so it's probably
okay if you go and you get killed by an
Tifa you know she lives on but right but
I don't yeah you put your hair don't
forget your make America great again hat
but my son is gonna have to run
serpentine from the the car into the
Staples Center and I just going on with
our society's it is it is totally nuts I
mean I you know you've seen some of it
I've obviously been at the center of
some of this stuff and and it is crazy
how much people are willing to lend
credence to these people especially I
was reading a book today though that was
sent to me reviewing it for commentary
magazine about you know the rise of
anti-semitism in the United States and
I'm not a big believer that there's been
like some tremendous rise that Jews have
to live in fear I mean you know me I
wear my yarmulke everywhere whether or
not I'm on TV or not you know like I'm
walking around the streets in my comic
I've never felt unsafe and in Los
Angeles where in the yarmulke I mean
half the city's Jewish but one of the
this book does this whole routine about
how the real problem with the rise of
anti-semitism
people giving too much credence to free
speech if only they would just stop with
all this free speech nonsense then we
could really you know sort of in a
common-sense way regulate the sort of
speech that that people are allowed to
say and then they wonder why people are
rioting when when I go to speak places I
mean it's it's it's total craziness and
you're getting it too I mean I don't
know a lot of people who are more
moderate on politics than you are
especially cuz you're not coming from a
place where you're deeply concerned with
political matters of the day more than
stuff that just sort of pisses you off
but if you went on a college campus now
I mean what you're saying is right you
get protested there would be people
outside calling you a racist people
calling you a homophobe and and you'd
have to where you'd have to work Kevlar
I mean I have it a couple of campuses
the thing I don't get is guys like the
aforementioned Dennis Prager are called
anti-semitic I mean if you want to it is
insane to me that we are now living in a
time where like the number one Jew in
the United States Dennis Prager who just
returned from Israel is when he goes to
do a college part of amongst the things
they call him
they include anti-semites like at this
point we we are complete completely
jumped the shark like it's I don't even
know what to believe
and and also you know for those who are
accusing everyone of everything be
careful because it's completely lost its
its teeth there is no there is no more I
don't know who the actual racists are
anymore because everyone's a racist and
as I always say he's never been a better
time to be an actual racist you'll get
lumped in with me and Dennis Prager and
Ben Shapiro yeah exactly
exactly I mean if you're calling Dennis
an anti-semite I mean he's literally the
biggest you I know like physically the
biggest Jew I know so that is that is
not that that is not correct well Adam
he's gonna be hosting Adam Carolla is
gonna be hosting with Dennis Prager an
evening with Adam Carolla and Dennis
Prager aptly named Wednesday November
29th at the Kings Theatre in Brooklyn
New York did you know when the tickets
go on sale how many seats there are what
the cost is
they're on sale now and they're probably
it's probably like a two or three
thousand seat bed that's a big venue
they're on now and just this put a fine
point on dennis prager being the biggest
Jew
literally if you were making a Jew
smoothie and you put him in a blender
you would have a grande tallboy two
smoothie when that neck you'd be like a
medium you know medium small hose direct
potent but still medium he would be the
biggest tumbler of jus that ever came
out of a blender and I am definitely
looking forward to all the alt-right
websites now photoshopping memes of me
in a blender after this particular
conversations Adam Carolla folks if you
don't listen to the show you're really
missing out Adams fantastic and it has
been forever and as I told him before we
went on air Adams an inspiration to
people like me because Adams the guy who
who realized that you could actually
create pirate ships outside of the
normal radio channels in order to
actually distribute your content to
people who want to listen so Adam
Carolla institution in the industry go
check it out and evening with Adam
Crowell and Dennis Prager November 29th
at the King's Theatre in Brooklyn New
York
Adam and also quick quick question is
there a website that people should go to
to get tickets or is it like
Ticketmaster if you got Adam Carolla
calm and hit live events I think you'll
Frank
perfect okay go and check it out Adam
Carolla thanks so much for joining me
here on the bench Shapiro show Facebook
live YouTube live good to see dude
thanks man judge a bit
you
