well what have we learned I think we've
learned that if Paul Manafort had only
listened to our podcast another Kingdom
he could have avoided the climate was
weakened but he made a mistake and now
he's been indicted for being in a
unregistered agent of the Ukraine and
hiding all the money he made
interestingly this is before he was with
the Trump campaign but it was while he
was as an agent of the Ukraine while he
was working with the Podesta's to buy
off Hillary Clinton in the State
Department so that they would agree to
allowing the Russians to buy our uranium
so who's been indicted is a very very
strange story we'll take a closer look
also after Anthony Rapp has accused
Kevin Spacey of sexually assaulting him
when he was 14 thirty years ago here's a
clip of the accusation okay maybe I am I
am actually going to defend Kevin Spacey
sort of kind of not really but a little
bit I met Spacek well you know I met
Spacey once and it's actually a funny
I'll tell the story because it actually
kind of amusing what else Michael
Knowles the star of another Kingdom and
also he hosts some other shows somewhere
I don't know what he's he is going to
come on he's going to tell you exactly
which Halloween costume you are not
allowed to wear so bring a pen and
pencil so you can write this down I know
you care very deeply about what the left
things which costumes the left thinks
you're allowed to wear trigger warning
I'm Andrew Klavan and this is the Andrew
Clavin show
all right hooray Harrah's is that sound
better I was a little low there that I
was I had my I was clutching my leftist
tears mug and I got it let it get in
front of the microphone but you too
could have a leftist tears mug if only
if only you would subscribe for a lousy
hundred bucks for a year you get a full
year for a hundred bucks and you get the
leftist tears mug it means you get to be
in the mail bag you get to ask questions
while you're in the mail bag you can
write questions and then when we take
you out of the mail bag you can hand us
the questions and it's only a lousy ten
bucks a month to do that and then you
get the whole year for a hundred bucks
and you get the leftist tears tumblr
also you should be looking at Skillshare
right because then you would know you
would know more things than you know now
I mean this is this is an online
learning communities got over three
million members and more than 17,000
classes it's kind of the Netflix of
online learning and I've been using it I
used it first of all I used it to test
it so when I went on the first time and
it's like a course there are courses and
all kinds of things graphic design DSLR
photography social media marketing
digital illustration lots more things
that you might want to add to your
resume but also things that you might
want to do as a hobby I went on and
tested the writing instructions because
I figure that's something I know about
and they were good through a really good
advice really good advice on marketing
which is not something I'm as good at
and when Knowles and I did another
Kingdom I actually we were having so
much trouble getting the things mounted
I actually went on took some of their
podcasting classes as well their classes
are taught by industry experts
experienced professionals they're
perfect if you're looking to build your
career or start the side hustle of your
dreams skill sure you know and the other
thing is you pay once and then you don't
have to pay in the middle of the classes
you basically get the whole there whole
array of 17,000 classes and all the
different things design photography
marketing entrepreneurship
strategy business planning watercoloring
hand-lettering yeah I passed on the hand
lettering but you might other people
might be interested here's what you do
skill share is giving my listeners a one
month free trial of unlimited access to
over 17,000 classes you go to WWC I'll
share comm slash Andrew and you get a
free month
WW Skillshare comm slash Andrew you get
a free month it's worth trying out
because like once you see what you're
getting you'll think like oh yeah I can
use this it's really useful all right
Paul metaphors been indicted former
campaign manager of the Trump campaign
and so II Muller indicted him this is
the special counsel obviously Muller
indicted him for charges that he
laundered more than eighteen million
dollars in funds from his work for a pro
Russia Party in the Ukraine through
offshore counsel not only was he not
registered as an agent of a foreign
power but he was also laundry money
passing if there was him in his and
Richard Gates this is what he's accused
of obviously you can as they say you can
indict a ham sandwich that why you would
want to indict a ham sandwich I don't
know but you can you can indict anybody
it's just a charge it doesn't mean he
did it but you know this is all arising
from that remember there was that raid
back in July where they burst into his
house with their guns drawn and all this
stuff so it's a big indictment and
obviously that it seems obvious to me
anyway and I've covered a lot of courts
stuff as a reporter it's obvious that
they are throwing the book at him and
hoping that they're gonna get more stuff
out of them now one assumes that their
target is ultimately the president but
who knows you know maybe Muller is just
going after him
thinking you know I want to squeeze this
stuff out of here it doesn't the thing
the thing about it is though of course
if you put so much pressure on a guy he
might say anything right he might say
yeah I'll give you whatever you want
I'll tell you what do you want me what
do you want to hear so it doesn't make
him as trustworthy as all that but it is
a big indictment it's a complicated
indictments gonna take him a long time
to work this out that means that anyone
who hopes the Muller investigation is
gonna go away really fast it's not gonna
go away the copy you know once the
defense starts asking for discovery and
this and that you know this this is
gonna take a long long time just before
it gets into a court so the first thing
about this that we have to talk about
is that is that mana fort wasn't working
for Trump during the time any of this
happened he was working on his own and
he was doing this stuff on his own so
before we get to that because it's it's
really important the question the thing
that makes Trump look bad is why did you
hire this guy if he was dirty if he was
you know working for these Ukrainian
people and all this stuff and was it to
get us some Russian catch of dirt on
Hillary Clinton you know the most
logical thing here we don't know this I
mean this is pure speculation on my part
but the most logical thing is that mana
Ford helped Reagan get the nomination at
his at his convention and as you
remember if you think back the GOP was
so panicked about Trump getting the
nomination that they started to say well
at the convention we're gonna do this
we're gonna pull this trick and all this
stuff so he probably pulled mana Ford in
to rig you know make sure the convention
didn't get in as Trump would have said
rigged against him the minute the
convention was done mana fort was gone
he just tossed him out so I mean it was
really it was a bad hire makes him look
bad in that degree but anything else
beyond that so far we're not seeing
anything more importantly what we have
to do is last week I played some stuff
that Tucker Carlson has and Carlson says
he has a source now I've been very
suspicious about anonymous sources I
remain suspicious about anonymous
sources I like Tucker Carlson I think
he's been a pretty reliable guy but this
he says he's got a good source and to
begin with he describes what manna fort
was doing and this is essentially what
Muller is accusing him up so this is cut
number eleven right yeah media reports
describe Paul Manafort as a central
figure in the Russian Russia
investigation due to the several months
he spent as Donald Trump's campaign
chairman according to our source that's
only half true Manafort is indeed at the
center of this investigation but not
because of his ties to trump in fact
Paul Manafort spent years working with
the Podesta group on behalf of Russian
government interests that relationship
extends back to at least 2011 when our
source claims Manafort had dinner in
Washington with both Podesta Stoney and
John in the years following our sources
he sought Paul Manafort in the Podesta
group offices quote all the time at
least once a month
Manafort was not there to socialize he
was representing Russian business and
political interests who sought to
influence Capitol Hill Hillary Clinton
State Department and the Obama
administration our source describes
Manafort bringing what he called a
parade of Russian oligarchs up to the
Congress where they met with members and
their staffs but the central effort to
extend Russian influence was focused on
the executive branch the Obama
administration the vehicle through which
Paul Manafort worked for the Russians
was a shell group called the European
Center for a modern Ukraine and the
group supposedly was based in Belgium
but it had no actual offices there it
had in fact only two employees both of
them based in Ukraine their telephone
number in Brussels rang in Kiev it was a
sham so they say basically he was he was
representing Russian interests and what
was he doing Paul Manafort was going in
and sitting down with Tony Podesta
brother of John Podesta who was the
campaign manager for the Clintons and
was basically setting up ways of
reaching the Obama administration in
part so that they could influence the
State Department to approve their
purchase of our uranium supplies
duranium won so so I don't know you know
so far so far I mean the media has gone
nuts about this and that's another thing
I want to talk about this you know all
weekend long last week we learned that
Hillary Clinton and the DNC paid for the
famous steel dossier which was basically
a collection of attacks on Donald Trump
by Russian agents that's what it was was
gathered by a foreign national British
and X British spy but he was using
information against Donald Trump
remember the whole prostitute thing and
his business interests and all that's
all that stuff came from Russian agents
to Russian agents okay so we learned
last week that this was Hillary Clinton
and Hillary Clinton and the DNC had paid
for this which suddenly didn't matter
all of a sudden we were here now that's
not a big deal that's not a big deal so
then this this Podesta this man afford
indictment gets leaked
now here's trey gowdy trey Gowdy was on
Chris Wallace
talking about the fact that leaking a
grand jury indictment is totally illegal
it is kind of ironic that the people
will charge with investigating the law
and executing the law would violate the
law and make no mistake disclosing grand
jury material is a violation of the law
so as a former prosecutor I'm
disappointed that you and I are having
the conversation because somebody
violated their oath of secrecy now
obviously it seems obvious to me that
someone now we're gonna get to whether
Muller himself is reliable but someone
in this investigation leaked this to CNN
for the specific purpose I think of
getting the the Hilary's story off the
air of trumping as it were that this
story about the fact that Hillary was
collude all the these charges about
Donald Trump we now know are true of
Hillary Clinton we know they're true of
Hillary Clinton and we know that there
are leaks you know this is a big deal
this way of this way of leaking things
in a way of working with the friendly
press so and it's not accidental I mean
this is what they do this is what they
do remember when when this came out when
it came out about Hillary Clinton Maggie
Haberman White House correspondent for
the New York Times she comes out and
says they lied the Clintons lied to me
they lied for over a year about this
meaning she didn't she was asking them
about this and she was not running the
story because they told her they weren't
involved so they told they the Clinton
people told Maggie Haberman of the New
York Times that they were not involved
with the steal dossier and she didn't
run the story and other reporters at the
Times were saying the same thing now I'm
reading a book by cheryl atkinson called
the smear and this is her second book
and i've read them both åkesson was a
investigative reporter at CBS and she
left because they kept killing her
stories on obama she had she had exposed
stuff about bush she was just a
fair-minded right down the middle
reporter but when she went after obama
they killed the stories and she talks
about the fact that while she was
investigating the Fast and Furious
scandal the Obama administration she's
suing the about Obama administration the
DOJ for bugging her computer for going
into her computer planting classified
documents so they could
and going through her fast and furious
files she has in this book this is
Maggie Haberman right Maggie Haberman
says the Clintons lied and she believed
them and so she didn't run this story
she this is what Cheryl Atkinson writes
about Maggie Haberman in a January 2015
strategic memo about shaping a public
narrative Clinton officials describe
then political reporter Maggie Abram as
an ideal friendly journalist willing to
generate positive press for the Clinton
campaign under the title placing a story
the memo states we feel that it's
important to go with what is safe and
what has worked in the past we've had a
very good relationship with Maggie
Haberman of Politico over the last year
we have had her tee up stories for us
before and have never been disappointed
while we should have a larger
conversation in the near future about a
broader strategy for rien gauging the
beat press that covers clinton for this
we think we can achieve our objective
and do the most shaping by going to
maggie and cheryl atkinson writes it
almost sounds it almost makes it sound
as if Haberman is on the payroll of the
clinton campaign my point is that all
this stuff this kind of engineered stuff
of the leak of the indictment and I'm
not saying the indictment itself at the
leak of the indictment and the press you
know running over this leak and saying
what a you know spending the weekend
covering it to obscure the fact that
Hillary Clinton has been caught dealing
with the Russians to get dirt on pain
Russian agents essentially to get dirt
on Donald Trump and when Fox News didn't
go for it they they the rest of the
press attack Fox News which is part of
the whole thing we have to say let's
play this Stelter clip I mean this is
just Stelter yeah this is just an
example of what the press does to
demonize Fox News and to demonize
anybody who dares to report the truth
about the Clintons and the D and the
Democrats this is a campaign of
confusion it is one of the most
important things happening in American
politics today I mean if you watched the
opinion shows on Fox News this week you
might have thought Hillary Clinton was
president not Trump Clinton here is how
the campaign of confusion works first
the hill newspaper revived a relatively
old story of
Russian efforts to gain influence in the
American uranium industry during the
Obama administration Fox became fixated
on this story and the messaging was
clear the Russia investigations were
recast as a scandal for Clinton and the
death but that was the truth he's
accusing Fox of telling the truth he is
accusing fine Jake Tapper was doing it
on Twitter you know saying why are they
covering this why are they covering HR
say you know that Hillary Clinton that
Hillary Clinton can colluded with
Russian agents to put out dirt during
the election and then blame Trump for
doing what she had done is in fact a
bigger story than Paul Mann afford
evading taxes and doing you know all
this stuff which may also also involve
the Clintons so it's this is a
conservative thing with the press is not
this is not accidental I mean if you
read Sheryl atkinson's book you see the
way it works is there are these smear
merchants who go out and they sell
information they bring information to
the friendly reporters and since most
reporters are leftists they tend to
believe the left-wing smear merchants
it's not that there are no right-wing
smear merchants there are plenty of them
but the left-wing reporters don't
believe them they just think oh that guy
is a you know right-wing smear merchants
but they believe the left-wing guys
alright so let's look at is mullah
reliable because the Wall Street Journal
which is in no way a radical you know
newspaper called on him to resign they
said that what because of this dossier
because of the Stasi a the question is
whether the FBI used this dossier to
advance their investigation without
checking the information in it so in
other words was the FBI using Russian
information to get wiretaps on Paul
Manafort over the or Trump people and
and that's a big question and says this
news means the FBI's role in Russia's
election interference must now be
investigated even as the FBI and Justice
insist that mr. mullahs probe prevents
them from cooperating with congressional
investigation mr. Muller this is the
Wall Street Journal mr. Muller is a
former FBI director and for years he
worked closely with mr. Comey it is no
slur against mr. Miller's integrity to
say that he lacks the critical distance
to conduct a credible probe of the
bureau he ran for a dozen years he could
best serve the country by resigning to
prevent further political turmoil over
that conflict of interest well that's
not gonna happen
and today there was a an op-ed in the
Wall Street Journal saying that Trump
should just pardon everybody he should
just pardon anybody involved in the rush
and that would bring it to an end that's
the stupidest advice anybody has ever
given anybody I mean that would just
like make Trump look like he's running
in a gigantic cover-up
however however trey gowdy who as I said
was on Chris Wallace he took a totally
different tack he said it's time to let
Muller alone let him do his job and he
said he's he's one of the few
Republicans left who feels this way this
would cut number two I think Bob Mulder
has a really distinguished career of
service to our country I don't think any
of your viewers can think of a single
thing he did is the FBI director that
calls them to have a lack of confidence
in him I think most of your viewers have
to be reminded that he actually was the
FBI director or they actually was a US
Attorney because he's a pretty
apolitical guy I see the reporting I see
the same thing you're making reference
to that he and Comey you're friends I'm
not really sure what the definition of
that is I've gotten a lot of coworkers
that it wouldn't stop me from
investigating them or prosecuting them
so they're not family members they
weren't business partners I would
encourage my Republican friends give the
guy a chance to do his job the result
will be known by the facts so that's
that's important because trey Gowdy was
a nemesis he has been like the Furies to
the Clinton he has hounded them and the
Obama administration all through the
Obama administration he hounded them
always I thought you know he's the guy
who did the in Benghazi stuff
he was just their living nightmare and
if he thinks Muller is clean that's a
pretty good endorsement so what we'll
have to keep watching this all I would
say is the things to pay attention to
are what where the indictments really
lead who is who is seem to be guilty and
the fact that the press is running a
game the media when I say the press I
mean CNN I mean NBC very specifically
the New York Times all those guys they
are running a game to make sure that
your focus stays on anything that can
condemn Trump and may be in dangers his
presidency and keeping it away from
anything that really shows that the
corrupt
the last eight years because the Obama
administration was one of the most
corrupt administration's in American
history and universally universally the
press came out and said they were
scandal-free do we have that montage do
we let's play that one more time
remember as you're watching this think
of fast and furious think of Benghazi
think of the IRS and now think of the
fact that maybe the Obama administration
was spying on Donald Trump during the
election and this is what the press had
to say about them and he's been scandal
free frankly in the White House we
haven't had that for a while he ran an
administration that was largely scandal
free it was a White House that takes
pride in being scandal free that in the
Obama years which are remarkably scandal
free a lot of people were talking about
how he's going to be remembered for the
the scandal free administration that he
ran the president it's been very
rightfully proud of the lack of scandal
in its administration so far there's
been no major scandals of brown top
aides but President Obama's run an
amazing silly scandal free
administration not only he himself but
the people around him he's chosen people
who have been pretty scandal free this
has been a scandal free administration
for the last eight years and often times
people don't even talk about that back
media at work your news media at work so
just remember as you're watching that
these are the guys were reporting the
news and they were reporting it from
that point of view we're gonna talk
about Kevin Spacey and then speaking of
serial abusers we're gonna talk to
Michael Noel's said to he'll come on and
talk about Halloween costumes but first
we have to say goodbye to Facebook and
YouTube come on over to the Daily wire
calm and you can listen to the rest
actually you can just subscribe on
youtube and listen to the rest as well
right but but if you want to watch the
whole thing subscribe for a lousy 10
bucks a month and you can just watch the
whole thing on the website daily
wire.com
all right so actor Anthony Rapp says
when he was 14 year old a 14 year old
Kevin Spacey invited him to a party and
somehow his parents allowed him to go to
this party and he got there and rap says
he was he was the only kid there so he
got bored and so he went into Kevin
Spacey's bedroom and sat and watched TV
until about midnight when Spacey came in
drunk and they were alone and it wrapped
suddenly realized this 14 year old boy
realized they were alone Spacey picked
him up carried him to the bed got on top
of him
rapped got out and space he said are you
sure you want to leave and rap left and
now he's brought this out because of all
the stuff about Harvey Weinstein and all
this stuff and Spacey in what I thought
was a really dumb move came out and said
you know I don't remember this but if I
did it was bad behavior drunken behavior
30 years ago there's a 1986 he's talking
about and but now I but it brings me to
the point where I have to be honest and
live my life as a gay man and so of
course immediately on the left it was
like oh well in that case the big story
is that Kevin Spacey's gay let me tell
you something back in the 90s I was at
an award dinner for Michael Caine and
Michael Caine I should say Michael Caine
and at my table was Kevin Spacey and he
showed up a little bit late after the
ceremonies began he says that he's been
a lover of both men and women I don't
think so I'd say Spacey he was
flamboyantly gay I mean he was there was
no pretense he was with two young you
know legal age but young strapping you
know kind of male model types hanging on
his arm they were hanging on his arm and
he was like hello everyone you know that
guy that kind of he's like no coward or
something like this there could be no
question that this guy coming up to the
table was a gay man with his two lovers
you know I mean everybody there nobody
at any qualms about it nobody saw so it
was like Kevin Spacey everybody knew I
knew and I'm not that big Hollywood
insider about I knew Kevin Spacey was
gay so
this this is he's just saying this to
divert attention from this however
however I would like to point out
without in any way defending going after
a fourteen-year-old boy I'm not
defending that in the least he did a bad
thing he said he did a bad thing it
would be a shame if we went from
attacking alleged monsters like Harvey
Weinstein and the guy I've forgotten the
guy's name at NBC the journalist a mark
halpern who these are guys who do things
right you know woman does not want to be
alone with Harvey Weinstein a woman
doesn't want to be alone if these
allegations are true I'm not saying they
are but if they're true a lot of women
are saying they are if a woman does not
want to be alone with Mark Halperin the
question is is this something that Kevin
Spacey does or is it something that he
did and so that's the information that I
want because if we go from nailing
people who are bad actors to nailing
people who have done bad things
everybody will be nailed because
everybody has done bad things you know
and it's whether it's sexual or
something else everybody has something
that's why I always hate in these things
where they say Oh
Mitt Romney tied his dog to the roof or
whatever like that you know everybody
has done stuff everybody so if this is a
question of him getting drunk you know
you know when I was 15 I lied about my
age and I joined a professional
organization for writers and I won't say
which one it was but I joined the
professional organization for writers
very good organization and I love it
it's terrific organization I went to one
of their cocktail parties so I've lied
I'm 15 I look older and I'm going there
and I have a drink and a gay guy he
started hitting on me and I said you
know pal God love you you know go in
peace but that's not my thing at all and
he would not leave me alone and he kept
following me around the room and he just
kept coming up I was I was gorgeous by
the way just throwing that in he would
not leave me alone I finally I said to
him look I lied about my age to get here
about 15 years old and then he really
got excited and finally I said to him
look I have been as polite as I possibly
can be up and it's gone on for like an
hour I've been as patient as can be I'm
gonna drop you I am going to knock you
unconscious if you don't leave me alone
and then he went away and he went away
and he started do
barbra streisand imitations for old lady
says was so but but if he had been a
famous guy and this was a professional
organization so he could have been a
famous guy I would not out him you know
I mean that was like something he did he
shouldn't have done it I wasn't
traumatized it wasn't you know I never
went back I have what back until I was
older you know and all this stuff and I
realize it but people do dumb things
they do bad things they do get drunk
it's not the right thing to do
Spacey did the wrong thing if he does if
it now comes out that a
fourteen-year-old boy can't be alone in
a room with Kevin Spacey then I say
that's a problem then then then he's one
of these guys right but if it's
something he did that's different than
being something he does so that is my
mitigated you know I'm not I'm not gonna
dance on the grave of every guy who gets
accused of doing something bad because
everybody men and women both have done
bad things I mean I you know who would
but what is it if uh if we all got our
Just Desserts who escaped a whipping who
would escape a whipping you know and
it's like that's that's the all right so
that is that is as nice as I'm going to
be it's amazing and I have no I don't
know the guy you know I met him and I
said hello to them at one time I have no
idea but so uh have we got have we got
Noel's the great and powerful Michael
when you're wearing your rachel maddow
costume for Halloween
I actually have been preparing my
costume for the last forever so I have
been getting into the spirit of it to
make sure that this Halloween is the
most convincing ever oh it's your your
virtually identical in fact I wanted to
bring up the fact that you and Rachel
are never seen together at the same time
which is that is true and I have as much
incriminating evidence about Donald
Trump's taxes as Rachel
and I want to congratulate you on the
incredible reception we're getting for
another Kingdom and says I just just for
people who haven't heard this is our new
serial podcast as a story I wrote the
Knowles is performing about a Hollywood
schlub who walks through a door and
suddenly finds himself a murder suspect
in a fantasy land of weird bizarre
Kingdom but the reviews we now have over
400 five-star reviews many of which
actually say that you're not a bad actor
this has been shocking I will tell you I
assumed after the blank book yet that I
would never ever work in this town again
and then after meeting you in your
bathrobe in the hotel room you cast me
that's very graciously I have no memory
of that I appreciated
we're confusing 30 years ago or Thursday
I can there are so many of these
Hollywood stories it's hard to keep
track yeah but we but the reaction has
been really good we've got you know tens
of thousands of listens and 400 reviews
I was talking to my dad about this and
we were discussing how great it would be
if the way into Hollywood is
conservative politics I couldn't have
gotten in if I hadn't been a
conservative Trump supporter of fun I
will say I'm I might have to retract my
statement and your statement that
conservatives are Philistines because
this this conservative audience has been
listening to fiction and art and I don't
know maybe they've just been the real
issue is that they hate Hollywood maybe
because the art is terrible that that
may be true and not only that the
reviews and I do go on and read some of
the reviews
they've been very smart and insightful
they're actually following what we're
doing and you know not just the story
but the whole idea of the thing and it's
it's cool
mm-hmm and I think the reason we've
gotten away with all of this is because
it's audio we don't have to wear
costumes which i think now is a federal
crime I think smaller why should I you
if you wear a costume it's offensive our
audience is waiting on tenterhooks
because you know tomorrow is Heloise
tomorrow right yeah so they they want to
know I mean they want to know which
costumes the Left those
want them to wear yeah because I know
how concerned they are about this so I I
do have a full I have a complete list
okay of costumes that you're allowed to
wear this Halloween it's actually the
cotton it's similar content to what I've
been writing about nothing you can't
wear why is that the left has mainly
been griping about or and just say this
is a partial list doesn't do justice to
Portia ality Moana you can't wear Maui
boys that Disney actually pulled that
costume was so fence wait Moana mine was
the Disney princess from Hawaii Melania
is the costume like you can I it's a
Disney Princess from Hawaii it has been
I mean this is no joke I went into a
party city over the weekend because I
was going to a party and I obviously
wanted a Monica that's worse yeah I
asked them I said are you guys all out
of Moana the woman looked at me like I
was crazy she said oh we never got that
costume no we didn't know we didn't
stock that so so little girl goes to mom
and says oh I want to be Moana I saw
that movie I loved it so much nope no
way because the left says no that's why
actually can't I'm shaking thinking that
a child could be so insensitive and
racist no but what are the mout what
would the Maui boys is Maui boys you
can't work as that's insensitive to the
native Polynesian Hawaiian cultures you
can't be obviously Aladdin Pocahontas
which I was last year is Liz Moulin you
can't be princess in the frog you can't
wear sombreros you can't wear a turban
and you can't wear grass skirts it goes
on and on and on
the reason for this of course yeah is of
cultural appropriation so for those who
aren't familiar with cultural
appropriation if you participate in a
culture that is not your own so you eat
a burrito but you're from Ohio or
something you are a racist because you
are you're appropriating that culture
now if you don't participate in a
culture that is not your own you are
also a racist because you're not living
through it or seeing the experiences of
other people who are different from you
long story short of course is that
you're a racist
so why is it not like a celebrate I mean
why is that not the best thing about
America that we let everybody in and
they become part of our society and
they're there things become our things
and our things become their things
what's why is that not a good thing well
because of our vicious imperialism that
accepts anybody who comes here of their
own free will and gives them a lot of
free stuff and a chance at a good life
and that time we conquered some place
yeah that time that we ever conquered
anybody ever and even the few times that
we had to have Imperial incursions like
in Guam or something we didn't even want
them I had to take those territories as
a result of a war and we let them go
free the minute we could I mean we
should own Germany now right yeah even
we rebuild Japan we reload all these
places that we should have conquered
traditional history would say you
conquer the land and you keep it but
because we're Americans we say now we
want you to be free yeah that's so
anyway
the as a result this has gone all the
way down to elementary schools a lot of
elementary schools are canceling their
Halloween parades because they just
don't want to deal with it I I can't say
I blame them but the real fights are not
about the little toddlers at elementary
schools they're about the little
toddlers on college the real children
yeah so the University of Florida right
now is offering counseling to students
who have been affected by a scary
Halloween costumes I don't mean scary
boo I mean scary like one coconut bikini
yeah let's not forget that famous
incident at dear old Yale where the
prefer this student was screaming at
that professor that was over Halloween
costumes we have the cut
your job to create a place of comfort
and film for the students that live in
filament have not done that but sending
out that email
scary scary that by the way was in
reaction to an email that that man
didn't even send his wife sent it by
suggesting that Yale students were
capable of choosing their own clothing
studying you know at one of the most
elite institutions in the world could
pick out a silly costume for a Saturday
night it really is the authorities who
let this happen who even tolerate for
ten seconds this stupid I they don't you
and I who have between us we have an IQ
of 80 I think you know we we understand
what's wrong with this we see what why
don't they just say you know what shut
up I mean this is rude what what is that
what is the appeal of this to live in
terror so that little children can't
wear whatever damn costume they wanted
well a few reasons one these are the
flower children grown up so the the
people who are running Yale now are I
think really believe they're on kool-aid
and they've let the inmates run the
prison and the lunatics run the asylum
they don't understand that there's a
thought that stops thought and that's
the only thought that ought to be
stopped right they don't understand that
there are premises to liberal education
into a liberal society and you can't
attack those premises you can attack all
of the other things but there are a say
that you have to believe but I think the
the reason with the Halloween costumes
the reason that this is such an issue is
that it's a power play it's a power play
over which speech we can censor so the
the left has tried to censor speech on
campuses all across the country and I
think it's because their view of the
world denies to varying degrees reason
and objective reality so they never they
never fight
arguments they the weight of your
opinion is not determined by the
perspicacity of your argument it's
determined by things like the color of
your skin or the or your sexual organs
your opinion is a greater privilege or
greater disadvantage based on some
irrational concept so they get in
trouble for this and they look absurd
when they ban speakers like that Jewish
Nazi Shapiro but with Halloween costumes
because they're not really about an
argument per se they take the
opportunity to smack them to flex their
muscles to censor speech the University
of Massachusetts the Center for women
and community put up a board and it
basically was a board to give you
guidelines on how you can dress and it
said don't be an a-hole they always have
to go to these kind of oh wait that's
how you know it's funny I know some the
leftist I know will curse me within
three sentences of greeting you know it
goes below to a whole like almost
instantly I don't quite the rage the
rage and the desire to control people I
have to believe that there's some
emptiness there that they are feeling
that they don't have a belief in any
positive thing that all they can do is
censor everybody else and and they can
only do it with vulgarity they can only
do it because to write well is to think
clearly which is why it's so hard as
David McCulloch said yeah and so they
don't have any good argument they don't
have a clear language with which to
express their deep emptiness yeah some
control people so they just have to lash
out with profanities I mean they're
literally at the University of
Massachusetts they put up different
flowcharts and different degrees of
danger so that you could do this it's
called scream it's the simple costume
racism evaluation and assessment meter
that's got to be that has got to be
satire that's what I thought I'm still
not totally sure by all by all accounts
is a legitimate flyer but this is this
does bring up Poe's law which is that on
the internet things are so absurd and
really in our culture things are soaps
or the internet culture that you can't
tell the difference between satire and
reality yeah
merge as one you know you know what I
would really bothers me and then we I
gotta say goodbye but what really
bothers me about this is like kids want
so little out of life you know they want
they want mom to love them they want a
cookie they want to dress up as their
favorite princess leave them alone for
crying out you know the best part so
that the mallanna costume has been at
the center of all of this you know and
Cosmo ran this big piece yeah that said
the headline was maybe don't dress your
kid up as Moana this Halloween is very
condescending and said if your kid wears
a racist costume you're kind of wearing
it to encourage your kids to step back
and realize there are wash and
privileges that the real mallanna's and
Tiana's of the world will never see
because the world is full of racist
a-holes that's what this is the big
piece of went viral
now cosmos piece at today that's it's a
bet a casting call that went out from
Disney as this quote did you wake up
this morning and think how can I become
a Disney Princess well traveling the
world it's not coordinating the articles
what are you talking about on your show
so today I'm gonna talk about how Muller
is indicted Democrats I mean is
literally indicted Republican yes but
what I don't think people have read
through the indictment the implications
that this has for top Democrats for
Hillary Clinton's campaign chairman for
his brother that's fine you want Paul
Manafort scalp all right let's see who
else goes down with it folks it's
amazing it is really amazing that and
you know the press is gonna not cover it
for as long as they can but if Muller's
honest they you know the Clinton people
are gonna be in real trouble we'll see
if he is or not alright Michael Noel's
star of another Kingdom and also that
other show the Michael Lowell show oh
yeah I know yeah that's true yeah watch
that one - All Right see you later you
know just just to talk about I have to
this piece ran in the Wall Street
Journal of the weekend James Toronto's
great reporter really funny guy he wrote
about a woman named Eric commissar a
Jewish psycho nut soko psychoanalyst who
lives in practices on the Upper West
Side of Manhattan and he says if that
biographical thumbnail leads you to
stereotype or as a political liberal
you are right she's a political liberal
she's a psychoanalyst but she did some
research and she discovered something
kind of funny she discovered that
children need their moms and they need
their moms around little children need
their moms around and she says this has
made her a pariah let's play just a
little clip of her talking about why
they need a mom as a mother and as a
therapist about 12 years ago I was
noticing that children were suffering
and they were suffering from the absence
of their mothers and from a
disconnection between mothers and
children more and more children at an
earlier age were being diagnosed and
labeled with mental disorders and
emotional problems like ADHD and
behavioral problems and increased
aggression and in looking into the
research I did find a connection that
mothers are critically important to
children in the first three years of
life and that that impacts their
emotional well-being you can't be
emotionally present if you're not
physically present you can't be
emotionally present if you're not
physically present
she says Christian radio stations
interviewed me and loved me she went on
Fox and Friends and the host was like
your book is the best thing since the
invention of the refrigerator but she
says I couldn't get on NPR and I was
rejected wholesale particularly in New
York by the liberal press she did appear
on ABC's Good Morning America but
seconds before the camera went live she
says the interviewer told her I don't
believe in the premise of your book at
all I don't like your book now here's
the thing I mean who who which women are
in the news media right they're not
women who have to work because they have
to put enough money together to put food
on the table they're not those women
they're the women who talk about those
women so they can go to their big
careers and not take care of their kids
that is who they are and you know I
don't like your book who cares if you
like it the woman is obviously a
scientist she's a liberal she's using
this to argue that the government should
take care of you know give women time
off of their work but but they are just
they just shut her down it's all about
what they want to be true and they're
only gonna report what they want to be
true you know if you look at it they
talk about the obesity
so children this terrible problem with
obesity
does it ever ever ever occur to them to
look at whether there's a connection
between women mothers being at home and
obesity why do people eat they eat
because they want love you know so it's
just an entire world an entire way of
looking at the world that is not being
reported that's not being Faulk
questions just like there are costumes
you're not allowed to wear there are
questions you're not allowed to ask and
when a woman like this one of their own
starts to find out the truth and follows
the truth wherever it leads
they shut her down it really is amazing
which brings me to our crappy culture
all right so I watched the first episode
of the second season of stranger things
I enjoyed the first season so I watched
the second episode and I thought it was
great I mean you you were further into
it than I am yeah this is Austin by the
way the Employee of the Month Haley I
didn't even know we had an employee of
the month and if I had known it was you
I would have thought what that do they
give you anything
they put your picture up or something
well congratulations I you you deserve
it he said lying no that's great so but
you're far into stranger things and it
remains good because the first one was
was dynamite it really was so well you
know what we should play with we protect
this video this is a recap if you
haven't seen the first season there are
some spoilers in this this is just a
little bit of The Daily wires 3-minute
recap of the entire first season
wills abducted by a creature hint it's
the demagogue on whose mom and brother
notice he's gone missing while boys get
bullied by mouth-breathers barb is
concerned that Nancy likes Steve Nancy
Nancy is great Nancy's at NY she dating
Steve so police chief hopper checks
things out with Joyce while secret
government facilities investigating a
gateway a girl named 11 has escaped the
facility barbed it sucked into the
upside down and kill seriously look
Steve is fine maybe for barb but I don't
have that much time can we please get
through this alright alright he's got so
much hair eleven eats Eggos hopper tells
the boys not to go looking on their own
in the meantime choice gets mysterious
calls from will and they all go looking
for him only to find 11:11 explains that
will is trapped in the upside down
prisoner - you guessed it gang the GEMA
Gorgon think of the upside down like a
flea walking on a tightrope and then
somersaulting into the other dimension
okay so you're a flea you're playing D&D
and then you cross over to the demagogue
in and you're upside down Knowles
demonstrating which costumes you're not
allowed to work wearing them himself
the only thing I want to say about this
is when I've watched the first season if
you're like me a Stephen King fan every
scene and every character is stolen from
Stephen King and from Steven Spielberg
the kids the cap are characters from
Stephen King novels the facility the
government facility doing evil
experiments even the kind of atmosphere
is a Stephen King / Spielberg II thing
and it does bring up this gripe by a
Donna there's not an attack on the show
at all at all cuz I really like the show
but it does bring up this gripe I have
that this is a generation with no
original content everything they do is
from the eighties star and seventy Star
Wars all the superheroes are back from
the 40s and 50s Superman and Batman and
all these things and the one exception
is Harry Potter that is the one big
exception that is a mythology that has
come into being since the baby boomer
generation this is Harry Potter's the
one exception and I would just like to
put forward very briefly because I'm
running out of time but I put forward a
theory that because the hideous baby
boomer generation of which I'm ashamed
apart because we just
avoid the culture that the new
generation has no tools with which to
build their own mythology and this is
especially true when it comes to the
relationship between the genders because
women are told what they should be
they're told to there should be strong
like I'm very uninterested in strong
women but like if what you mean by
strong is doing the right thing and
standing other things women have been
strong like that for you here it's very
very strong but if what you mean is like
you know punching people and Wonder
Woman and winning World War one in this
fantasy world that to me is nonsense but
men boys are not told how to be men and
they are afraid of making a Mattia men
the thing that works about Harry Potter
is he is a boy
who is becoming a man he becomes an
athlete he becomes a powerful adept at
his trade he becomes a defender of the
weak and all these things that men
should be and until you start to develop
that you don't even have the tools you
don't have the makings like a guy who
wants a cigarette but he doesn't have
the tobacco you don't have the makings
of a mythology and that's why I think
that all these things harken back I mean
stranger things is wonderful but it's a
1980s piece I mean it not only is about
the 1980s it could have been written in
the 1980s and all of the tropes and had
come from the 1980s and it's really
interesting I think that when I talk I
see in the eyes of younger people when I
talk about what manhood means and what
femininity means I can see this kind of
like look as if I am speaking you know
Swahili basically because they have
never heard anybody say it they think
it's daring and they think it's like and
and the left has wrapped them up in so
much fear what costume they can wear how
they can be a man what they can say what
they can't say that they do not they
they are afraid to burst out and just
say you know what yet stuffed leftist
stuff you're wrong and we're gonna say
what's right and we're gonna tell what's
true and we're gonna make art that's
true and we don't care whether Hollywood
likes us or not and we don't care
whether the publishing industry Lexus or
not because we now have our own tools
for publishing and making things and
when they start to do that there'll be a
new mythology which is what this country
needs to move us into the future and
that is our crappy culture and now I got
to say goodbye tomorrow is we have some
day yes tomorrow
some incredibly wonderful guests but I
don't know it is true Clavin this is the
Andrew Clavin show we will talk to you
then
