alright it turns out that a presidential
candidate colluded with the Russians to
skew the results of an American election
and the Democrats think it's a-okay can
you spot the difference
the DNC issued a statement there there's
DNC spokesman came out and said that the
DNC had no knowledge that this was going
on here's a statement very sheer so data
Emmitt Rossa sir John T is partially
Mitch mone a proper Shakir I may just do
that joke for the rest of the year but
those of you don't speak Russian what
that meant was I'll never talk you can't
make me you lousy screw you'll never
break me copper you'll never take me
alive top of the world MA I think and C
is saying I we are gonna talk about
hypocrisy some of this stuff is really
funny and we have dr. Paul King Gor here
who has written the politically
incorrect guide to communism which is
great because the next time some idiot
tells you that communism was terrific
like say you're talking to a reporter
from the New York Times you can actually
hit him with the edge of this book or
you could actually read the book and use
the arguments inside trigger warning I'm
Andrew Clavin this is the Andrew Clavin
show
so we also sing see top see lower the
Zipit easing its
all right it's over the week is over the
Clavin this weekend is it's hanging
above you like the sword of Damocles
look it up but you can stave it off for
one more day because tomorrow episode
three of another Kingdom the podcast I
did with Michael Knowles will drop on
iTunes please subscribe on iTunes it
really helps us out subscribe leave a
good review it is now number eleven in
literature I know it in arts in the arts
it's number of the number eleven podcast
part of that is because some guy named
Ben Shapiro mentioned it as the stuff he
likes which and he was very
complimentary about it and it's a story
of this Hollywood kind of nobody who
walks through a door and suddenly finds
himself a murder suspect in this fantasy
world but it gets really complex and
interesting as it goes forward and the
third episode which as I say drops
tomorrow is where things start to turn
around you want to be there for this so
you do not want to be at the post office
waiting on line how's that for a segue
is I'm a professional broadcaster folks
I can I can just do this stuff like that
if you do not want to stand on line at
the post office listen I love the post
office I always hate it when people
attack the post office because they
handles so much stuff and if you really
do it relatively well it's amazing how
few mistakes they make that's just the
problem that actually going to a
physical post office is so 20th century
and we do not do that anymore
you don't want have to stop what you're
doing you don't wanna have to go down
the road you don't have to wait online
hope they have what you want all this
stuff stamps.com is the answer because
it just takes the post office carries it
to your house shoves it through the door
and then stuffs it into your computer so
that you have all the services of the US
Postal Service right at your fingertips
with stamps com you can buy and print
official US postage for any letter any
package any class of mail using your own
computer and printer it is very cool you
just put the envelope or whatever it is
in the printer and it comes out with a
stamp printed right on it stamps calm
makes it easy they'll send you a digital
scale which automatically calculates
exact postage and stamps com will even
help you decide the best
glass of mail based on your needs this
is one of those things that I use it
because it just changes the whole game
it brings you into the the world into
the modern world right you just don't
have to stop your life to go to the post
office and if you go to stamps calm and
you click on the microphone at the top
of the homepage and type in clayvin
which is spelled oh how is that spelled
the guy is listening I thought he was
just sitting there I thought it was a
piece a piece of furniture until
yesterday for that if you do that you
get a four week trial plus postage and
the digital scale without any long-term
commitments who go to stamps calm and
enter clayvin tap the microphone at the
top of the home page and enter clayvin
stamps calm you will never have to go to
the post office again before I talk
about the news today I have two little
on a personal note I got a letter
yesterday and I've gotten letters like
this before but they haven't given me
permission to read them on the air and
this one did and I'll I won't read the
whole thing I kind of edited for space
but it's it's important because we did
the mailbox yesterday the mailbag yeah
the mailbag yesterday and answer your
question I always make these jokes but
will change your life and all this stuff
but here's a guy who said he said when
he started watching this podcast it
wasn't under good circumstances he says
I was in an extremely dark period in my
life my longtime girlfriend at that time
had cheated on me and wanted nothing
more to do with me I just graduated from
high school and I didn't know what I
wanted to do I felt like I had no
purpose and no future and the black hole
of sadness and heartbreak had sucked all
the sunlight of happiness and joy from
my soul there was one instance where I
tried to commit suicide and he says it
was only an act of God the state saved
his life but he stumbled across this
podcast I stumbled across your podcast I
began to listen to what you were saying
and your message of optimism in the face
of dark times helped lift my spirits out
of the depths of despair I began to seek
counseling and soon after I decided to
go to college where I met my current
girlfriend of over a year she's been the
greatest blessing God gave to me and I
hope to marry her you used the metaphor
of conservatives being
there's keeping freedom alive just a
little longer you sir kept me alive just
a little longer until I could find true
happiness again very moving to me these
these letters when I get them I really
appreciate people telling me these
things because I've been there I've been
there and I know what it's like and I
know that a chance word from somebody
who is thinking in the right way can
really help you and save you and one of
the I swear I've seen this you know I've
worked with a lot of suicidal people
I've worked on hotlines and things like
that and one of the tricks that I
believe that our mutual enemy that the
force of evil likes to play on us is
likes to make us think that we are in
the deepest pit of hell when in fact
we're ten feet away from the end of the
tunnel and that's what happened to me I
mean I was at the darkest day of my life
I thought I was in absolute oblivion of
darkness and in fact I was 15 feet away
from the goal line you know it was all
gonna be okay and if when I look back on
that and think that I was actually
thinking of ending in my life I just
want to slap you slap myself want to go
back to that kid and just say what are
you doing dude and it really is true and
it's not just things going better it's
your attitude it's the way you so much
of life is whether you picture yourself
as a dumb animal in a cage being stabbed
by Vice Institute's or you picture
yourself as a knight fighting for your
own life you know you're a battle or a
warrior fighting for your own life and
one of the things that really gets me
about the left there was the story
yesterday I guess it was this illegal
immigrant who wanted to get an abortion
and the the government was saying no we
don't have to facilitate that and the
court said yes you have to get her an
abortion they wasn't asking for us to
pay for it she's just one of the
abortion and she was taken out and she
got the abortion and there were people
celebrating like Caray the you know the
baby is dead and I thought you know I
know these aren't bad people I know
these aren't evil people but your
philosophy takes you somewhere you know
your philosophy is like a road and you
get to the end of the road and suddenly
you find out oh I'm celebrating a baby
being exterminated you know and I would
say the same thing by the way it's not
quite as bad but I say the same thing
about people who rejoice when some evil
guy is put to death you know and they're
out there saying old Sparky and cheering
for that you know you're either on the
side
lifer you're on the side of that and I
think that that I think that there is a
philosophy this leftist philosophy I'm
glad we have Paul kangaroo I'm talking
to coming on to talk about cap communism
because I do believe this leftist
philosophy is a path that leads straight
to the celebration of death and the
elevation of death over life anyway that
letter really moved me I'm really glad
and I'm really happy he let me know
so this Hillary Clinton thing you know I
I have this glitch in my psychology that
my wife always tells me she always tells
me don't say this in public
okay and it's the glitch in my
psychology is that I there's something
about corruption that I find hilarious
and I know the corruption hurts people
and I don't find that Bart hilarious but
there is something about the the overt
when people become overtly corrupt they
it's it's so obvious they've lost the
plot of life and you know I always say
that humor is a proof that man is a
fallen being because what is funny is hi
people it was funny is a guy in a tuxedo
slipping on a banana peel and falling
into a puddle that's funny because he
thinks he's high and distinguished and
looking good and suddenly he's go splash
and so what's funny about corruption I
think is that we know we're supposed to
be something so much better than this
but these guys fall into it
it's like George Stephanopoulos being
the head news guy on ABC this Clinton
you know functionary being the top news
guy at their network they're so corrupt
they're so biased that they just do it
openly and this happens again and again
so yesterday we were talking about the
scandal and I know it gets complicated
but the simplest part of the scam
scandal is that there was this dossier
on Donald Trump we all heard about it
because we heard about the Russian
hookers right the Russian hookers were
urinating on the bed Trump's remark
response to that I was like I'm a
germaphobe are you kidding me
and but all of this stuff was basically
a former British spy using Russian
information Russian operatives were
feeding him information to run down to
attack Donald Trump to make Donald Trump
look like a some kind of Russian collude
or something like this and it turns out
they keep saying that the GOP
- began to finance this and then the
Democrats and Hillary Clinton took the
financing over that that's not true
the GOP did go to the same company
fusion GPS but it's the Democrats who
went after this dossier they paid for
this dossier and they denied it and
denied it and denied it and this is the
dossier that James Comey took to trump
and to Obama and it's kind of started
this whole Russian thing and we don't
know how much the FBI was actually going
to pay this guy Christopher steel the
spy to keep on doing this Oppo research
and then they decided not to do that and
they're still trying to find out about
this but we'll get to that in a minute
but the point is that is now clear that
Hillary Clinton essentially colluded
with the Russians to have an effect when
you take out the middleman when you're
talking to take out the fusion GPS
people they colluded with the Russians
to effect this relationship so first the
funny one of the funnier things
yesterday is Trump because Trump is now
walking on air he's got this spring in
his step he's gone out to his chopper
and he just cuz it's just this is a gar
blew up in their faces and he loves it
so this is cut number one Trump
celebrating the turnaround the whole
Russian thing is what it's turned out to
be this was the Democrats coming up with
an excuse for losing an election it's an
election that's very hard for a Democrat
to lose because the Electoral College is
set in such a way that it's very hard to
lose that election for a Democrat they
lost it they lost it very badly and very
easily I mean you look at the votes
it was 306 to what 223 or something they
lost it by a lot they didn't know what
to say so they made up the whole Russia
hoax now it's turning out that the hoax
has turned around and you look at what's
happened with Russia and you look at the
uranium deal and you look at the fake
dossier so that's all turned around I
love it this is where the president
president the Donald he lives for this I
mean he lives for it you know but this
is the thing I got to get to now so just
remember what's happened now now we know
that Hillary Clinton and the DNC through
this lawyer and they used this lawyer so
he can say talk about confidentiality
and he doesn't have to test
about it that we know that they went to
foreign agent the British spy as a
foreign agent that's the first thing
he's a foreign power and we know that
the information was coming from Putin
from the Russians so that farm power to
get Oppo research on Trump okay now
think back so how far back is this what
is it now it's October it's like a month
ago
it's like September I think Donald Trump
jr. the New York Times turned up the
fact that Donald Trump jr. had a meeting
with a Russian lawyer and name was like
Natalia vessel nine skaia
something like this right and he went to
have a meeting with a Russian lawyer
because he said that she said that she
had Oppo research he got into the room
she said she had no Apple research and
he walked out now let's just remember
that what the Democrats and this is I
cut this montage down to about a minute
and a half but it actually goes on for
three minutes these are top top
Democrats Blumenthal all of them I'm
gonna and I'm gonna play more because he
got this is how they reacted to news the
Donald Trump juniors met with a Russian
lawyer to get Oppo research which he
never got okay let's listen information
dirt on Hillary Clinton from the Russian
government and expecting an agent of the
Russian government to be providing it to
and having the meeting showing and again
signaling the Trump campaign is open for
business we will accept information no
matter how it is obtained legally or
illegally and that is potentially a
violation of the Espionage Act yes
treason take what we're learning with
the Trump jr. meeting is when you meet
with any Russians you're meeting with
Russian intelligence and therefore
president the criminal activity the
unconstitutional activity of this
president and his family so I have
dubbed them the criminal clan this is
evidence of willingness to commit
collusion he's saying yes I had the
intent to collude I went in I took the
meeting which by definition Allah is
colluding
he's admitted to the crime likely as
many of us that worked on the campaign
thought that the Trump campaign may have
been colluding with the Russian
government never in my wildest dreams
did I ever think you'd see a piece of
evidence that would be as much of a
smoking gun as this email a senior
advisor and someone who was in the top
tier of the Trump campaign colluded
through the classic dictionary
definition of what that word means hey
fake fake fake fake
now I didn't I cut out Stephen Colbert
he went out Trump should go to jail for
this that's what he was that was his
joke and tapper is in there Jake
Tapper's in there yo Jake you know I
hope you're gonna say the same thing I
hope you're gonna be talking about
treason now but I don't think so and
here's why let me show you one of the
guys in there was Brian Fallon Brian
Fallon is Hillary's spokes person or was
Hillary's spokesperson so let's just
play them right next to each other
here's here's cut number 11 here was
Brian Fallon's reaction to Donald Trump
jr. having this meeting with a Russian
lawyer yes there's a difference between
going out and hiring opposition research
firms that work in the United States of
America and going out and soliciting
information from a foreign national and
here's now after years about this
position research happens all the timing
campaigns
Christopher steel compiled this dossier
was a foreign national so Christopher
Steele's actions here this is the akin
to counterintelligence work he was not
being handed things by the Russians
otherwise we probably know the details
of these supposed videotapes and they
and the business connections that Donald
Trump has with Russia this guy has a
mirror that just cracked right down the
middle his two faces on it but but ok so
he's just that's kind of his job I mean
poor man you know it's a crappy job
what's your job you know what do you do
daddy I live for Hillary Clinton she
doesn't always have to lie for herself
but the guy who really gets me is Adam
Schiff because Adam Schiff he's the the
congressman the big kind of left-wing
come
congressman on the house Intel committee
I guess he's the ranking Democrat and he
I think he has been McCarthyite he has
been like Joseph McCarthy in his oh yes
we've got proof of this and we've got
proof of that I want to go back and play
him in in March this is cut number eight
but what he says matters about all this
stuff we will never know whether the
Russian intervention was determinative
in such a close election
indeed it is unknowable in a campaign in
which so many small changes could have
dictated a different result more
importantly and for the purposes of our
investigation it simply does not matter
what does matter is this the Russians
successfully meddled in our democracy
and our intelligence agencies have
concluded they will do so again so it
doesn't matter what they were doing it
doesn't matter whether the information
was true what only thing that matters is
that Russia was meddling in our
democracy that's the only thing that
matters and here is this same weasel
congressman weasel is same guy reacting
to this news of Hillary Clinton this is
the cut before cut seven we've known for
some time at least it's been publicly
reported that the dossier or the hiring
of Christopher Steele was initially on
behalf of one of the Republican
candidates and later on behalf of the
Democratic candidate this was the first
confirmation of half of that but it
doesn't really shed any light where we
really need light shed and that is how
much of what mr. Steele found can be
corroborated how much of it is accurate
we've been working hard to answer those
questions which are really what the
American people need to know and indeed
some of the dossier has been
corroborated what I find most
significant about it is the fact that
Christopher steel no matter who is
paying for his services may have
discovered before our own intelligence
agencies that the Russians were going to
interfere in our election on behalf of
Donald Trump so we have a lot of work to
do in terms of a lot of the claims in
the dossier but it I don't think it
really adds much value to know who paid
for it necessarily and
this is part of the effort to discredit
him which really doesn't advance the
investigation so before is there's all
that mattered was the Russians were
meddling but now what matters was when
the Russians were meddling what did they
say what Finnish and also that stuff
about it's been corroborated there is no
evidence in the public that the any of
the evidence in that das any of the
charges in that dossier have been
corroborated they keep saying it it's a
Democrat talking point and maybe it's
true but we certainly don't know
anything about it and the thing on top
of this is the FBI the FBI which may
have had a role in this may have used
this dossier this fake dossier as a as
evidence to bring to a FISA Court so
they could wiretap you know Paul
Manafort and some of the Trump people
they're stonewalling
they've been subpoenaed and they won't
turn over we'll talk about that more but
we have Paul Kanger coming up with the
the author of the politically incorrect
guide to communism which is really
entertaining and something you should
really know about and we're gonna talk
to him a minute but first I got to say
goodbye to Facebook and YouTube because
you didn't subscribe you got to come
over to the Daily wire calm you can
listen to the rest if you subscribe for
lousy ten bucks a month you can watch
the whole thing right there without
being cast out into the exterior
darkness where there is great weeping
and gnashing of teeth plus plus for a
lousy hundred bucks you subscribe for
the entire year and when Democrats do
their great weeping and gnashing of
teeth you can put it right in your left
is tears tumblr and drink it down cold
or hot however you like it
come on over to the daily wire calm this
is going to be a really interesting
conversation dr. Paul King ER is a
professor of political science and he's
the executive director of the center for
vision and values at Grove City College
you can find him on twitter at dr. dr
paul king or ke and Geor he is the
author of this very entertaining
politically incorrect guy to communism
subtitled the killing missed
idea ever dr. paul king or thank you for
being here it's good to see you Andrew
good to be with you
you know for such an uplifting such an
uplifting topic like this
well you know it's uplifting in a way
because the truth is always better than
lies you know the truth that's right
more uplifting than life and we keep
hearing a lot about kids talking about
socialism polls showing that college
kids think socialism is a good thing and
all this are they is this something
they're actually being actively taught
are they being taught that communism
socialism or a good thing well they're
not being taught the communism is a bad
thing or at least they're not being
taught about it enough and I'll tell you
and really give you one just shocking
survey this was done about a year ago
the thing was October 2016 and the group
victims of communism and Morial
foundation did a study by the way just
the fact that there needs to be a
victims of communism Memorial Foundation
does a lot right but they found that not
a majority thankfully okay but a
disturbing number of Americans and this
isn't just Millennials this is across
the board it was close to a third
actually believe that George W Bush is
responsible for more deaths than Joseph
Stalin Wow
really that's it's amazing okay
absolutely amazing and I mean you could
you could only believe that if you've
spent the last four years in your kind
of local academic insane asylum
indoctrination center where you've heard
Bush bat pushed bad Bush bad pushed bad
and you never learned about the crimes
of communism and you know it's not so
much there necessarily being taught Pro
communism were to believe in communism
but they're just not learning the
horrors of it and I mean every everyone
ought to know that not only is Stalin
responsible for far more deaths than
george w bush but he was responsible for
more deaths than Hitler was mmm-hmm
people should know that that Mao was
responsible for more deaths than Stalin
was and you know communist governments
killed anywhere from minimum of about a
hundred million people that's according
to the Harvard University Press book the
black book of communism to as high as a
hundred forty million people and I mean
you'd have to literally combine all the
dead from World War one and World War
two and then double them to get anywhere
near those numbers and these weren't I
mean you talk about George W Bush
killing people George W Bush was
fighting a war against people who wanted
to
destroy us these were his own people
these were farmers I mean Russian
farmers that were being starved to death
and the Chinese we're wiping out their
own guys well that's right and I mean I
don't know what number we could even tag
blush with right I mean I guess the most
wild leftist could could blame bush for
I mean I guess thousands of American
deaths and and you know unnecessary war
perhaps right if that's what you believe
maybe three or four thousand deaths five
thousand there's something to that you
can even try to blame him for a number
of Iraqi deaths if you want but I mean
that doesn't hold a candle to sixty to
seventy million deaths by Joseph Stalin
yeah yeah those are the latest numbers
by Alexander Yakovlev and a Yale
University Press a book he said Stalin
alone killed 60 to 70 million people
it's interesting you mentioned Joe
McCarthy in the last segment I mean they
they will learn modern Millennials and
college students that Joe McCarthy was a
bad guy and really kind the only bad Joe
that they learn about during the Cold
War is Joe McCarthy they don't learn
about Joe Stalin and if they if they
learn about the Cold War they learn
about the Hollywood ten and how they
were persecuted by you know a rabid Joe
McCarthy when in fact they were actually
pursued by the the Democrat Ron House
Committee and on American Activities and
all ten members of the Hollywood ten
were actual card-carrying members of the
Communist Party who joined the party
under Stalin a lot of Americans small C
communists who wouldn't join the party
because they didn't want to pledge
themselves to quote ensure the triumph
of Soviet power inside the United States
which is what you pledged to do when you
join CP USA in the 1930s let's let's
talk about Che Guevara for a minute yeah
when you drive I don't know the last
time you've been to San Francisco but
you're driving to San Francisco there's
a huge I don't know if it's still there
but I was there a couple years ago huge
mural of che the famous handsome picture
of Che with the beret you see people
still I hike in the canyons in LA you
see people still wearing che t-shirts
and I you often hear right-wingers say
well he was kind of a bad guy
how bad would see well you probably had
to pull up and take out a ladder and put
a little Hitler mustache long we do a
lot of friends walking by there and in
San Francisco look today was a
bloodthirsty maniac killer and I mean I
just went through all those different
numbers we'll get this if Che Guevara
had had his way in October 1962 and this
applies to Fidel Castro as well they
both actually wanted to launch the
nuclear missiles at the United States
during the Cuban Missile Crisis now the
Soviets put the missiles there to check
our missiles in Turkey to try to gain a
strategic advantage on the United States
cut the delivery time of missiles not
actually intending to use them but when
the Soviets found out that che and Fidel
actually wanted to use the missiles
knowing that it would unleash nuclear
Armageddon and the Soviets said they
said of chase specifically they said he
wanted to pull the temple down upon his
head I wanted to pull the temple down
upon his head he saw himself in a
religious light way as this martyr this
would-be martyr to international
communism and and Fidel later said what
would happen to Cuba would have been
completely destroyed
we know that and so the Soviets saw this
in October 1962 and Nikita Khrushchev
literally called a late-night midnight
Sunday night meeting at the Kremlin and
said get the missiles out get him out
get him out get him out right away these
guys are insane if only he could imagine
that American college students would be
wearing shade t-shirts you'd probably
what's wrong with America well he was
and he also he also ran Fidel's
execution pits he personally executed
people he was put in charge of the
largest prison sight that did executions
in Cuba early 1960s and frankly even
Fidel thought that che was kind of nuts
and in the end probably probably allowed
him to be taken out to be rid of him
just to get rid of somebody couldn't
control then the New York Times has been
running this series of articles I it's
one of the most appalling series of
articles I've ever seen is called Ritz
and
and it is it comes up with these crazy
stuff like women had better sex under
the Soviets and women had bigger my
favorite was women at bigger dreams
under the Red Chinese I mean there's a
wonderful book called Wild Swans about
what women's lives were actually like
under the Chinese comics
oh it's a terrific book but but what
what actually was life like under a
communist regime and I'm just to remind
people I'm talking to dr. Paul Kane Gore
the author of the politically incorrect
guide to communism the killing estai dia
ever what what was life like it's in a
under a communist regime well yeah it's
kind of funny and you I got an email
from somebody who read a piece I wrote
for the American Spectator on the New
York Times piece about women having
better sex under communism he worked
along the Berlin Wall in the 1960s it
was his job to look through binoculars
and watch what was going on on the other
side of the Iron Curtain he said I could
tell you that that when the Sun went
down all the electricity went out
there's probably nothing else to do but
half city wasn't working you have a
snuggle up in bed what else are you
gonna do basically yeah they also had
the highest abortion rates by far right
in in East Germany Soviet Union and
China in fact let me add that for China
yeah one of the Times articles has just
ran about two or three weeks ago
claiming that the women's lives where I
think made better was the exact words
they used under Chinese communism or
here's a statistic that you won't find
in that article China has about twenty
percent of the world's women so I mean
literally one in five women in the world
are Chinese they have fifty-six percent
of the world's female suicide oh one 56
percent of the world's female suicides
why because life sucks for women under
Chinese communism they they have a
one-child policy which has recently been
expanded to two they have forced
sterilization they have forced abortion
and and with the one-child policy a lot
of Chinese girls that weren't identified
in the ultrasound and aborted the
parents gave birth to them instead
preferring a boy they would drop the
girls off at orphanages
and look around you and I've got a bunch
of friends who have who have adopted
Chinese children they're all girls
they're yeah they're all girls
and you know life for women for girls
under communism and China is lousy and
only a I mean the New York Times
basically running an article there that
you would have once seen in Pravda sort
of a party organ in Havana well for The
Times I think for the New York Times a
forced abortion is a win-win because not
only do you get to kill the baby but you
get to take people's freedom away so I
think that's a positive thing twice yes
yeah you get to reduce population growth
you get to reduce the drain on natural
resources and and ironically though what
you're saying when you really read these
articles carefully and I first saw this
in high school civics textbooks that I
started reviewing around the year 2000
which are all written by college
professors support and the argument that
they were making and saying that life
was good for women under communism I'm
not making this up Andrew they say
basically because women have the right
to abortion right you know as if hey you
know that's all gal needs right you got
a bad baby
you are the freest woman in the world
and also said that it forced women into
the workforce so you know women forced
into the workforce 24/7 day care centers
for their burdensome children free 24/7
abortions starting in the USSR and a
paralyzed so I'm running out of time but
I have to ask you you know you talk a
lot you talk in this book about the fact
that even after the Soviet Union fell a
lot of the people who were couldn't face
the failure became teachers in America
and they had the Frankfurt School and
things like this today you hear people
say well a non favor of communism but
I'm in favor of socialism right is there
something inherent in these ideas that
is in itself evil because you think like
well these are people trying to make
more equality and you know obviously
grotesque equality is not inequality is
not a good thing there's a there's a
kind of a good intentions idea behind it
is there something inherent in these
philosophies that causes this
destruction
well Marxist theory socialism is is the
step on the way to full calm
kind of a transitory step on the way to
communism but also you'll find the
Communists use the word socialism and
communism interchangeably in fact USSR
right the second s stance for socialism
and here's another thing that's really
important I'm running into a lot of
Millennials who are saying oh I'm a
Democratic Socialist
well I Got News for You Lenin and
Trotsky and Stalin I mean they were in
the Social Democratic Party of Russia
before it split into the Bolsheviks and
the Mensheviks in 1903
you mentioned the Frankfurt School
Herbert Marcuse at the the New Left guru
the cultural Marxist he was a Social
Democrat he was a democratic social so
there's not a lot of difference in these
ideas Wow Wow Paul Kanger the author of
the politically incorrect guide to
communism the killing estoy dia ever it
really is good to get this so that when
you're sitting around the Thanksgiving
table and you're you know 17 year old uh
you know nephew starts telling you how
great it is you can just hit him with
the edge of this book if you don't want
to read and take the arguments thank you
Paul has been really good talking to I
hope we do it again thanks Andrew hit
him with the turkey and then hit him
with the book it really is an
unbelievable uh
state of affairs the people living in
this country that you know Reagan used
to say Ronald Reagan used to say he
wished he could just take the leaders of
Russia and fly them over a normal
middle-class suburb in America because
they would have been so shocked by how
well how well we live here I just want
to go back for one minute to talk about
the this kind of FBI angle of this story
that the FBI is covering this stuff up
is look is is is not giving over the
documents and Paul Ryan's Speaker of the
House said it's time to cough up listen
to this listen to how frustrated she
sounds it's really frustrating we've had
these document requests with the
administration in the FBI in particular
for a long time and they've been
stonewalling the the FBI and the Justice
Department needs to give Congress the
documents it's been requesting and they
need to do so immediately you know and
this is this is they've got all these
subpoenas out and the FBI is holding
them up Fuzion GPS is going to court
trying to keep from doing
they've their guys have pled the fifth
men under questioning I mean this is
really really bad stuff you know and the
New York Times on top of this by the way
they're whining people like Maggie
Haberman you know famed for her
anonymous source stories which we now
see are all coming from the FBI and
they're all coming from these
intelligence sources who are now just
Democrat shills
they're all complain we were lied to we
rely - let me tell you let me show you
why these guys can be lied to let us
take a trip to the New York Times op-ed
page or as we like to call it
knucklehead roe
so there's what everybody loves in the
press is these big fights between you
know Senator Jeff Flake
and you know op corker and they're
yelling at Trump and basically Trump
they're having to retire they're having
to retire that I'm going to leave the
Senate because they cannot get support
because people are basically turning the
republican party is turning into a more
trumpian party and so as they leave
they're throwing these dirt bombs and
what oh what i love what i love is after
flake made that speech in the senate he
made the rounds of all the news agencies
and they all asked them the exact same
question we have a montage this is cut
number 15 this is flake going on all the
news agencies they just want to know one
thing you right it is time to take a
stand against Trump
if he is dangerous to democracy as you
say should he be removed from office I
don't think any of those remedies are
justified I really don't know we ought
to actually lead well there is a way
that Congress can change this do you
think Congress should be pursuing every
avenue to get President Trump out of
office no I don't I don't want to go
down that road I think that we ought to
simply require more of our
commander-in-chief and our leader
they're saying actions speak louder than
words what do you do now to actually
make a change in the leadership what do
you do behind the scenes in the Senate
what can you do in politics going
forward and so it's up to us to stand up
and say this is not acceptable our words
enough though is senator what should you
and your colleagues be doing it seems
like as you say a lot of your colleagues
may agree with you privately some are
speaking out as well but there also
seems to be a pretty prevalent view that
the party just has to stick together to
get tax cuts and I guess my question is
is that prize worth the price that's
George Stephanopoulos the guy who said
to Hillary Clinton I love you Hillary
it's a Miss memoir I love you
and now he's a newsman I mean that's the
face of corruption right there that very
fact does a Facebook corruption but
please it's like please won't you
impeach this president
so the point is these guys got lied to
and they got taken to the cleaners by
Hillary Clinton one of the biggest Liars
in town and somebody who have you know
how do you know Hillary's lying her
mouth is moving right so these guys got
sucked in by these people they didn't
report this story The Washington Post
finally reported it but the time said
they had the story but the Clintons
denied it so the Clinton people denied
us so why wouldn't they believe it the
reason is because you guys are children
you have been reduced to the level of
children by your gullible left winger
and here is an example from knucklehead
Rowe at the New York Times the editorial
board writes the real reason for
Republican silence on Donald Trump
here's the real reason for and just
listen to the logic of this okay it's
less striking that a few republican
congressmen have publicly denounced
president Trump's conduct than that most
of their colleagues have not their
fellow legislators have silently
accepted his outrages why in exchange
for policies they've always wanted
so they've accepted the fact that Trump
is rude and he is and I've talked about
this and I don't like the fact that he's
rude and a bully they've accepted that
to get policies for the American people
to do their job to get the things that
he was elected to get and that they were
elected to get so they go on on Tuesday
night the Senate with a tie-breaking
vote from Mike Pence followed the house
and voting to overturn a rule that would
have allowed consumers to file
class-action lawsuits against banks and
other financial institutions rather than
be forced to take the disputes to
arbitration this is a Obama thing that
was forced down people's throats this is
you know part of the big constituency of
the Democrats of trial lawyers this was
a trial lawyer gift
about half of financial arrangements
have this arbitration that you can take
the deal to arbitration that saves
tremendous amounts of money and it means
that the money that money you pay for
that money goes into interest rates
hikes at credit cards and all these
things and who does that hurt you know
it doesn't hurt me I pay off my credit
card debt every day but if you can't pay
off your credit card every month you're
the guy who
it's nailed by it but it helps those
it's basically a transfer of wealth from
business to trial lawyers that's that's
what it is all right so here is the
agenda in the New York Times speak here
is the agenda that Republicans want okay
Healthcare sabotage yes I'm reading this
off the page this is what Republicans
wake up you know I think I want to
sabotage Americans health care you know
that's what I want health care sabotage
environmental harm that's the other
thing you know like yet Mitch McConnell
that's what he wakes up he lies awake at
night going like how can i harm the
environment they want to hurt workers
entry school it really is like
elementary school they want this is the
agenda that Republicans are you know our
supporting Trump where they want to hurt
workers they want to destroy the
environment they want to make housing
less affordable that's Paul Ryan's
special thing you know I you know what I
want fewer people to be able to afford a
house I mean think about it well let's
let's go and helping big corporation and
putting lives at risk this is very
important for this is a part of this is
on the platform I think this is on the
Republican platform how can we put yeah
we put at risk I mean if you think of
any one of these making housing less
affordable these are the clowns these
Democrats or the clowns who loaned money
to people who couldn't pay it back that
money was then rolled out snow balled
through these Wall Street you know
devices that they used to get people to
pay for this until the economy crash you
know could it be could it possibly be
that there's a reason they want to make
it a little harder to get a loan for a
house you know could that possibly be
environmental harm I mean this is the
thing these guys are like children they
are like children talking about speaking
of which also I just want to hit this
one thing because the week is ending
although you didn't still get another
Kingdom listen to another game King but
I have to just hit a couple of more
things that just really get me
scientists finally admit the universe
shouldn't exist this yes yes this is it
they have discovered this is a via hot
air it's not from hot air but I did buy
a hot air let's see it's some of the
world's leading scientists are finally
admitting the universe shouldn't even
exist
the theory is coming from the world of
particle physics it's that the Big Bang
should have produced the same amount of
matter and antimatter and all of it
should have been almost immediately
destroyed because if you have the same
matter and antimatter cancel each other
out and yet here we are the most elite
scientists in the world are still
struggling to find why exactly our
universe didn't destroy itself as soon
as it came into existence that's what
science says should have happened but it
clearly hasn't since you're here reading
this as far as we know the universe
according to the standard model they're
equal amounts of matter and antique will
amounts of matter and antimatter that
should have annihilated each other
leaving none of the matter that
surrounds us today what I like about
this is that I seriously believe just
seriously believe that if science would
just postulate the idea of a creator
just say wait look we don't know we're
scientists we can't prove it but just
stipulate the idea of a creator a lot of
their theories might start to make more
sense because the thing is we exist on
this very small plane and our logic and
everything exists on this very small
plane the minute you get onto another
plane the level of quarks on the level
of Big O of the universal it's all the
logic changes so we don't really know as
much as we think we know all right
let's stand with stuff I like it is
Halloween has come so we did the
Halloween all the ghosts movies and
everything I do want you know this you
know that this was the biggest year for
horror movies here's here's a piece from
the New York Times that is actually real
this is a big year for horror horror
movies it's really interesting it's
mostly get out that excellent movie and
it which I haven't seen I'm not all that
I didn't like the not my favorite book
of Kings I like Stephen King a lot you
know you always do wonder when these
things happen like why why is this such
a big year for horror what does it mean
anything I have to say here's a story -
this story sums up my life when I told
you I was dragged into the movie
business the first movie that I wrote
was this picture shock to the system and
shock to the system is about a guy who
basically kills his way to the top and
business played by Michael Caine good
movie still holds up today and before
the New York Times back when it was sort
of a newspaper called me up and said
there was another picture coming out at
the same time with the girl from
the lady from stranger things
Winona Ryder and it was Heather's I
think it was called so if she was that
had about people killing people too and
this times guy called me up said why are
these movies coming out now what does
this say about our society that these
movies are coming out now and of course
what you're supposed to think when you
hear that is ah a chance to promote my
film in the New York Times you know this
is a great thing that would be what a
smart person would say what did I say I
said yeah you know you guys come up with
these stupid ideas just coincidence
these movies time and so they didn't you
know they didn't run anything on our
movie the movie but it is interesting
think about is there something about
horror that is affecting us right this
minute as I've always said I do not like
horror so much I love ghost stories let
me recommend a very short story to you
they can get for free online
it's called August heat by WF Harvey's
most famous story is called the beast
with five fingers which was made into a
movie but August heat is about an artist
who draws a picture of a guy of a man
and goes for a walk in the August heat
and sees the man he drew a picture of
and what's the man doing he is carving a
headstone and it is a spooky spooky
store you can get it online August II
good story to read out loud for
Halloween we will end our friend every
time we do the mailbag you hear woohoo
and that is our friend Lindsay boring
who used to work here she's the
sister-in-law of the god-king of The
Daily wire Jeremy boring but she left us
Bandon us went back to Texas I don't
know why she did that such a thing but
she writes music and she writes songs
and she has a new song coming out called
twisted and for some reason she's the
sweetest girl in the world but she
always writes this very spooky stuff so
for Halloween we will end with Lindsay
boring going
singing twisted please subscribe to
another kingdom on iTunes it will stave
off the clayvin this weekend for one
more day but then it will be upon you
but survivors will gather here on Monday
I'm Andrew Clavin this is the Andrew
Clavin show here's Lindsey boring with
twisted
you
