did we need the government to end
private segregation the answers brought
to you by our friends over at Birch gold
to learn how to safeguard your IRA or
401k contact Birch gold group for free
info Katan gold to get your kit go to
birchgold.com slash shapiro that's
birchgold.com slash shapiro the left
constantly repeats the government is
necessary in order to stop
discrimination between private parties
government does of course intervene to
stop uses of force between private
parties but you have no right to my
services I have no right to your
services left us however say that if we
don't allow government to intervene in
order to force me to serve you
widespread rampant discrimination will
break out they often say Jim Crow in
defense of this notion that's nonsense
segregation was governmentally imposed
not socially imposed it was the
government ensuring that those who would
not abide by social racism would be
forced to do so as black economist
Walter Williams states quote whenever
there is a law on the books one's
immediate suspicion should be that the
law is there because not everyone would
behave according to the laws
specifications in other words you
wouldn't need a law forcing people to
eat because everybody eats but the South
did need laws forcing people to racially
discriminate because many people didn't
want to racially discriminate free
markets only care about one color green
Walter Williams continues by talking
specifically about Jim Crow he says from
the 1880s into the 1960s the majority of
American States enforced some form of
segregation through what were known as
Jim Crow laws the bottom line is that
racists cannot trust free markets to
racially discriminate racists need the
force of government to have success two
famous examples show how true this is in
February 1964 black students in
Greensboro North Carolina sat down at
the counter at Woolworth's a segregated
restaurant this was four years before
the Civil Rights Act forcibly integrated
restaurants the students who sat down at
the counter led a boycott against
Woolworths by July 1960 Woolworth's
lunch counter desegregated itself after
losing $200,000 the market worked then
there's the Montgomery bus boycott in
1955 city ordinances required
buses to be segregated Rosa Parks and
the n-double-a-cp
organized a massive boycott that
resulted in 40,000 black people refusing
to
take the buses the day-after parts his
famous refusal to move to the back of
the bus the only reason the bus company
refused to abide by the demands of the
boycotters is that they were in
negotiations with the city and city law
prevented them from doing so government
stopped desegregation now this isn't to
claim there aren't racists who would
resist tolerance but it is to say that
the market is better at uprooting such
discrimination than the government
without invading the rights of private
business owners to choose their
clientele that's important in a time
when leftist think they should dictate
how everybody runs their business
freedom relies on our willingness to
tolerate other people running businesses
in ways we don't like after all they may
not like how we run our business either
but if everybody goes running to the
government every time a free person
exercises freedom in ways they don't
like freedom itself dies and remember if
you're interested in that free kit about
investing in precious metals head on
over to birchgold.com slash shapiro
that's birchgold.com slash capiro
