getting to the end of the the Cavanaugh
saga the FBI report is done will we ever
see it seems not but but we do know that
Democrats and Christine Ford's attorneys
have already complained that it was it's
it's unfair the investigation was unfair
yadda yadda yadda they're saying that
it's not a legitimate and this is a huge
shock by the way no one saw this coming
I mean we all thought that they would
certainly accept the results right
that's what we all thought what one
complain I think a really stupid
complaint is well the FBI didn't
interview Christine Ford or Brett
Kavanaugh well they we've already heard
from them they've given their side of
the story in lengthy interviews in front
of the Senate so all the FBI would do is
just ask them the same exact questions
again which actually I you know Ford's
attorney should be happy that that that
she wasn't interviewed because she's the
one with the constantly changing story
so she may not hold up well under FBI
interrogation but they did interview all
the alleged witnesses and everything so
that there's no point in them in them
hearing yet again the same story from
Cavanaugh and Ford instead okay they're
gonna go and listen to the alleged
witnesses let's get their stories but
they don't like that so I so I think we
could ascertain from that that the
investigation didn't uncover anything
and didn't corroborate Ford's accounts
in fact if it uncovered anything it just
further uncovered the fact that
Christine Ford is lying and I just want
to underscore that point quickly I wrote
about this yesterday and you know I was
among those in the early going who I
wanted to be gentle with Christine Ford
and I wanted to be generous to her give
her the benefit of the doubt as much as
possible and that doesn't mean taking
her story at face value because I never
did that
smart person you never should have done
that because there were always holes in
the story and so on and so forth
but I thought okay maybe and I said this
multiple times you know I I said maybe
she was maybe she's mistaken maybe she's
miss remembering even as the
inconsistencies piled up I said like
many supporters of Brett Kavanaugh and
like Brett Kavanaugh himself I mean he
said this himself on multiple occasions
that maybe something bad did happen to
her and she's just conflating she's
misconstruing accidentally conflating
one thing with another injecting Brett
Kavanaugh into it accidentally maybe
that's that's what I thought that's
that's what I mean by giving her the
benefit of the doubt but I think now now
that we've seen all this play out and
we've seen the evidence or lack thereof
or really we've seen the evidence which
all comes down in Cavanaugh's favor I
think we have to stop being so gentle
about it and say what is now very
difficult to avoid what I think is a
plain reality which is that Christine
Ford is a liar she may still have been
victimized at some point in some form at
some point in her life and and if if
that's the case then I feel badly for
her for that abuse if she ever did
suffer it at some point but it's just
not possible anymore
for someone for a rational person to say
to theorize that this may all be a case
of mistaken identity
somebody somebody is a liar here
somebody is a straight-up liar and to me
it seems very clear that that person is
Christine Ford and that's there's a
reason why Rachel Mitchell who's the sex
crimes prosecutor hired by the
Republicans there's a reason why she
wrote that lengthy man hole we talked
about few days ago where she said she
didn't find the story credible at all
there are too many gaps and not just
gaps but the gaps are far too convenient
that you can't remember specific she
specifically can't remember any of the
details that may
exonerates Ford or or or may confirm
that any of the details that could
confirm or disprove her claim she can't
remember any of those conveniently she
also can't remember the things that she
did and said even a few months ago so
here's the thing if her memory is really
that terrible that you can't remember
anything even even things that happened
in the last month or two well in that
case if her memory is that bad I have a
bad memory okay I know that I have a bad
memory that's one thing I remember is
having a bad memory if her memory is
really bad and it seems like her memory
would be worse than mine if this really
isn't a memory issue then she knows that
her memory is bad which means she knows
that she cannot speak with absolute
certainty about something that happened
35 years ago so even in that case even
if most of this is a memory issue we
still have she said it was she's a
hundred percent sure it was Cavanaugh
but if her memory is that bad then she
knows that she can't possibly be 100%
sure so at a minimum that's a lie and
it's a big one but but it's more than
that Ford's story has changed over and
over again and it's changed in a way
that's not that is that is not just
haphazard it's changed in ways that seem
calculated and targeted to kind of get
around Cavanaugh's defenses so if we're
going to absolve her of all dishonesty
at this point then we have to believe
that her memory lapses are contently
convenient and the gaps in her story are
coincidentally convenient and the
changes in her story are coincidentally
convenient and not only that but it's
also coincidentally convenient that all
of the the witnesses that she claims
have also suffered amnesia around the
same kinds of events then there's Ford's
ex-boyfriend who came out issued a sworn
statement claiming that a Ford coached
her friend on how to pass a lie-detector
test claimed that Ford flew
recreationally all the time
which would seem to dispel the notion
that she's as the sphere of flying Ford
never once mentioned any sexual assault
despite having dated him for years now
on on the lie-detector thing the the
friend that Ford supposedly coached did
come out the next day and denied denied
it but notice something first of all she
denied it to the press she didn't deny
it under oath second and I'm not saying
it's true but she has to deny it because
if she admitted that she was coached on
how to pass a lie-detector test when
going for this whatever government job
she would lose her job and she could
even go to jail so she can't she has
note if it happened she has no choice
but to deny it I would ruin her career
ruin everything
but the real significance I think of her
boyfriends testimony is that it is just
another person who denies or refutes
elements of Ford's story so if Ford
isn't lying it means that her
ex-boyfriend is lying it means that
Cavanaugh is lying it means mark judge
is lying it means two other witnesses as
well are either suffering selective
amnesia or are lying so it's five
against one
okay and that one five against one and
the one is a very very lonely one one is
a lonely number especially for Ford
because think about what it's only one
and that means that not even her parents
or other family members or other friends
nobody has come forward to vouch for any
aspect of her story at all and in fact I
think the silence of the people around
her is so deafening and so noticeable
and so peculiar that it almost counts as
yet another witness against her so she's
lying where did the lie originate where
did it begin why did it begin you know
why would she lie about that I that's a
question we hear a lot is well why why
would somebody lie about
thing like this well I I don't know we
can only speculate and it's actually
it's not that hard to speculate it's not
that hard to believe that somebody could
lie about something like this number one
because we know people lie about this
kind of stuff and we can go through all
the examples Duke Lacrosse Rolling Stone
Lena Dunham all that stuff we could go
through all the examples of false rape
accusations but but but even before that
we we know why people lie right because
we've all told lies so you know why
people lie
now hopefully you haven't told any lies
as big as as this or as damaging as this
but you still told lies and I think that
small lies and big lies generally have
the same kinds of motivations behind
them so people lie why do people lie why
do you lie why have you told lies
well you've lied to gain some sort of
advantage you've lied to get attention
you've lied to maybe hurt other people
that you dislike again hopefully not to
this degree but still to some degree or
another and then sometimes people lie
inexplicably they there are times when
people lie for no reason that you can
even ascertain and then it and then it
snowballs from there so I think any or
all of these could explain Christine 4d
you you really can't know I mean I could
if we're left to speculate and she's the
one who's left us to speculate by
throwing us out there with all the
inconsistencies not even naughty there
are some things she could offer us to
give a little bit of evidence like her
therapist notes we'll just want to give
us those so she's left us to speculate
if I had to guess or come up with some
theory I could I don't know but I could
see maybe hypothetically a situation
where where she originally brought this
up in couples therapy there's there's
some oddness with a couples therapy so
because she said that that she was in
couples therapy because of a remodel of
the home and specifically because she
wanted a second
front door which has to do with her fear
from the sexual assault yet apparently
the she was in couples therapy in 2012
the remodel of the hoenn was in 2008 so
four years later she's going to really I
mean four years later you're still your
your your relationship is still
suffering from the remodel and you have
to go I don't know what's the connection
between another front door and sexual
assault well apparently they were they
were hosting interns I think from Google
or something and so they had interns and
young men in the house that they were
having in house and so she wanted
another front door so that they weren't
traipsing through the house because she
was afraid of the interns sexually
assaulting her and so she wanted you to
get them another front door that's the
story she tells well that's kind of
weird though right because if you really
are that paralyzed with fear that one of
these guys might sexually assault you
why are you hosting them in your home in
the first place it seems like that's it
seems like the argument would be if your
if your husband wanted to have the
interns the argument would be no I don't
want them not let's get a second front
door but anyway you could if you needed
speculate you could see a situation
maybe where this where she started to
kind of spin the story in couples
counseling for one reason or another and
it snowballed from there
we can't see the therapists notes I
think the reason why we can't see the
therapists notes is that the story is
significantly different the story she
told her therapist is significantly
different from the story she's telling
us now including we're told she didn't
tell the therapist the name of the
person I think she may very well have
said to the therapist I don't remember
who it was something like that so she
could have started spinning the yarn
then and and it kind of just snowballed
from there so there are all kinds of of
situations but that that that doesn't
matter the Y doesn't matter it's the
what that man
and it also matters that Democrats know
that Ford's story is not credible
whatever they say they know that it's
not credible they know it swells you
when I do yet they played this hand
anyway and and I think ultimately it
backfires on them because here's what's
happened this Democrats have overplayed
their hands their hand significantly
here they have unmasked themselves at
the worst possible time because think
about they there they were headed into
the midterms
they were looking pretty good they were
sitting in a pretty spot because
obviously their base hates Trump hates
Republicans so they were counting on a
good turnout meanwhile conservatives and
and Republicans have been fighting with
we've all been fighting with each other
for several years now
many many conservative Republicans are
feeling kind of drained of energy
somewhat despondent right fighting
amongst ourselves
bickering drained the spine that we all
these things that's not a good recipe
for voter turnouts a great recipe for
Democrats not a good recipe for
Republicans but then Democrats come
along at the last minute here they take
off the masks they reveal their fangs
and they pounce like wild animals on an
innocent man and his family and I think
that's cause most conservatives to look
at that and and and and to rally
together unite again in many ways and to
and to refocus on the real opponent and
there are polls and surveys that bear
this out but I don't even need the polls
and surveys I this is just a sense I
think if you're a public conservative or
republican you probably have sent this
census as well there's just this sense
now of a more cohesive unity among
conservatives then there's been in a
long time and that's we have the
Democrats to thank for that because I
think a lot of people have looked at
this and said wow I mean these people
are evil we got to do whatever we can to
keep them out of power that they would
stoop this low I mean sometimes it's
easy to lose sight of that sometimes to
lose sight of just how evil the
Democrats are how dishonest but
they have helpfully reminded us of the
fact and given us such a startling
illustration of it right now right right
before the midterms so I don't know
what's gonna happen in the midterms but
I think this was a terrible strategy on
their part they just don't know when to
stop they could have they could have
thrown out these unsubstantiated
allegations and just throw them out
there and then they could rally their
base a little bit around that and kind
of exploit the me2 movement even more
than they already have and rely kind of
rely on that to gin up more interest
among their among their voters and and
kind of left it there but the way that
they have not let go and even now they
won't let go it's it's backfired big
time so we'll see what happens but I'm
sensing a certain unity again that I
haven't seen in a very long time which
you might say is a little bit of the
silver lining but I hesitate to speak of
silver linings when you consider what's
happened to Cavanaugh and his family so
there's nothing that will make that
worth it all right thanks for watching
everybody thanks for listening Godspeed
you
