who better to expound on this than Kanye
West he was sitting down with the head
of TMZ the head of TMZ begging him
begging him to stop wearing that Magga
hat that donald trump hat kanye west
looks at right in his face and tells it
like it is there's something you love
about me yes I would love it Kanye if
you would not wear that hat it would
make me and a lot of other people feel
better in fact why don't we say please
take off the hat Kanye how's that
it's that good ah then I won't do it
because you have a right to wear it but
but are submitting baby but as an
American I support our president bottom
line no matter who they are as an
American I support our president now I
already told you would this represent
for me this represents y'all can't
believe me y'all can't bully me because
you can't tell me what to do because
that's what people used to do they would
snatch yo hat off you have a starter cap
and like a big a gangbanger come up and
try to rip your hat off and ain't nobody
ripping my hat off again so that's what
it represents to me it also represents
for me masculine energy this is exactly
right again I know we're living in the
matrix because Lindsey Graham is the
backbone of the GOP and Kanye West is
the voice of reason but he's exactly
right I love that at the beginning at
TMZ guy he says take it off please take
off that please take off the Hat Kanye
West's not gonna take off that hat
mm-hmm not gonna do it
Alyssa Milano sent out this tweet
yesterday of Kanye dressed up like Trump
with the Trump hair and everything and
it said make Kanye Kanye again M KK a I
think she's missing another K I think
that third K is missing somewhere from
her tweet because what she's saying is
you are Kanye West what does that mean
you're Kanye West you look a certain way
you talk a certain way you behave a
certain way you work a certain way
you're in a certain industry you can't
be a republic R at this party owns you
and you better kowtow to the party line
and he's
no I'm not gonna do it I'm not gonna do
it he says later on in that interview he
says I support our president whoever it
is now I'm old enough to remember when
he said George W Bush doesn't care about
black people so I don't know that he
always supported the president no matter
who it is I think he especially supports
Donald Trump I think they're kindred
spirits I think they both have dragon
energy and what does that mean he spells
out what it means he said it's about
masculinity this there's a masculine
energy there and that is of course there
is that's why everything is becoming
about sexier that's why everything is
becoming Donald Trump is a an abuser he
because he only paid stormy Daniels
$150,000 he should have given her
$200,000 and Kavanagh is a rapist even
though he's never been accused of
anything like that ever in his entire
life and this guy and this it's all
about masculinity because we are staring
down the left right now and you're
saying they're just nagging us to death
they're saying well please I know it may
be he's guilty maybe he's innocent but
you just have to wait for him and you
have to and you have to and you have to
and we're looking Cory Booker right in
his quivering bizarre googly eyed face
and we're saying no you don't get to
bully us into doing this not anymore
sorry buddy but I really want you to
take the head off not gonna tell wearing
two heads now I'm gonna wear to us I'm
gonna wear a hat on my head I'm gonna
wear I had on each fist I'm gonna wear a
hat on my kneecaps
