happy indigenous peoples day to all you
indigenous peoples you civilize people
it's still Columbus Day Harvey Weinstein
has been fired and you probably if
you're not here in Hollywood you do not
know this is the man that Meryl Streep
called God God was fired because God was
chasing women around his hotel room
naked listen everything is going wrong
for the left the NFL is losing all its
audience the late-night comedies is I
mean Jay leuco Jay Leno basically almost
had alone the audience that all the
late-night comedians have the left is
listen this is actually a big story it's
a big story and a lot of people on the
right don't see it the left is losing
its grip on the culture and the question
is are we on the right is gonna sit here
and mock them or are we gonna sit here
and mock them and then start to build a
culture of the dark room we don't really
do not want to leave out the mocking
what else I saw Blade Runner and I'll
talk about did you see Blade Runner
methods you loved it okay talk about
that and I will tell you I will defame
the indigenous people and tell you why I
refuse to say goodbye Columbus trigger
warning I'm Andrew Clavin and this is
the Andrew Clavin shuttle
all right before we get started the news
I have to give you the Facebook post
that made my weekend all right this is
from I made I guess I can say his name
since it's right on Facebook Andrew
Ortega he was listening to Jordan
Peterson who we had on the show once we
should have him on again yeah and he
says that watching Jordan Peterson was a
gateway drug to Christianity he says I
have given myself to Christ and I it
wouldn't have happened without Jordan I
used to be a regular porn and weed
addicted atheist like everyone else
miserable and sorta Daniel istic and
self righteous and my surety of the
meaninglessness of the universe but
after becoming addicted to Jordan
Peterson and biblical lectures I moved
quickly up to the harder stuff Matthew
Mark Luke Paul CS Lewis Lee Strobel
William Lane Craig even Andrew Clavin no
I love the even because what I want to
know is did he read the Gospels and then
even even went higher to the ad or did
he read the Gospels and then just kept
sinking until even even the depths of
that truth he says that he says what now
I've given my life to Jesus Christ and
try as I might I can't get my despair
back I can't stop smiling loving my
family and the people around me praising
God for His goodness do not let this
happen to you
if you listen to the show it could
happen to you
also some people have been asking me why
are we not doing an opening monologue
last week it was because of the shooting
it just didn't feel right to be kidding
around but it also it just feels more
organic to start it this way so what
we're gonna do is we're gonna do some
opening monologues and post them on
social media how do they find them like
they just pop up on Facebook
it'll be on Facebook and if you send
them to me I will put them on my Twitter
page which is at Andrew Clavin
thanks I appreciate it some of you are
also wondering why are you here not at
the post office waiting online and just
to have the window closed in your face
just as you get there even in line if
you're wearing skates online because
I've got stamps.com
I'm no fool I know just do all this
stuff on the internet at a million miles
a second then suddenly stop and get in
my car and drive to the post office and
wait for openness stand on the line
stamps.com brings all the services of
the US Postal Service right to your
fingertips you can buy and print
official US postage for any letter any
package any class of mail using your own
computer and printer it stamps.com makes
it easy they'll send you a digital scale
so you automatically can calculate exact
postage and they'll even help you to
decide the best class of mail based on
your needs you know it's kind of silly
to keep living in the 20th century we
are so far beyond the 20th century now
it's time to get stamps calm and you can
enjoy stamps.com service with a special
offer that includes a four week trial
plus postage and a digital scale without
long term commitments go to stamps calm
click on the microphone at the top of
the homepage and type in Cleavon que la
vie a n and the reason you do that is
not just to get the deal it's also to
tell them I sent you so they know
stamps.com
enter clayvin stamps comm and you never
have to go to the post office again
Harvey Weinstein abused women like this
is the New York Times broke this story
and everybody shot let me tell you Meryl
Streep says I didn't know I did I knew
look I'm a screenwriter I mean there's
no lower person on the guy who cleans
your office at the end of the day is
higher up the feeding chain than a
screenwriter in Hollywood I knew you
know and the funny thing is I mean let
me let me talk for a minute about me in
Hollywood you know at the beginning of
this year I basically made a New Year's
resolution that I was going to stop I
was in Harvey that I was in The
Weinstein Company two weeks ago I was
there but I basically made a New Year's
resolution that I was going to stop
pitching so much stuff stop writing spec
stuff because
feel my politics has made me so toxic
that there's really not a lot of chance
of selling stuff and I was only gonna do
it if I had some reasons specific reason
to do a particular project I still do it
a little bit but you know this is one of
the reasons Knowles and I are doing
another Kingdom we're doing this podcast
another Kingdom is because I want it you
know I do I do write novels I still
write these stories and I want to get
them out there Knowles by the way I
should add is not he's still not here
right yeah this is my reaction to that I
want you to get this where he brings I
want you to find this fancy boy I want
him dead I want his family dead
I want his house burnt to the ground I
want to go to middle know something
about noses ticked me off
anyway so the New York Times runs this
story right that that for years Harvey
Weinstein and if you're not in Hollywood
and you don't care about Hollywood
the reason they call Harvey Weinstein
god is because he is the head of the
first Miramax and the weinstein company
the biggest independent producer out
there so he's not making the Star Wars
or spider-man picture but he's making
Shakespeare in love he's making oh man
he made everything I can't I can't even
think
I mean if it's if it's not a superhero
movie he probably had his finger print
on it somewhere what was the Matt Damon
Ben Affleck picture that made them both
stars Good Will Hunting and he made that
I mean he's just made yeah pulp fiction
another one I mean it's just his name is
on everything so so all I want to say
about this to begin with so the x runs
this piece all these different women
usual thing invites them up there people
there actress or some of them relatively
big actresses they come up through his
room his hotel room he shows up naked or
he asked for a massage ray why do they
always have such weird things why don't
they just ask for sex like if it were me
like an abusive powerful guys give me
sex you want to watch me shower like
even I don't want to watch me shower
this is a strange obsession he wanted to
be massage
that people watching shower shower but
the one thing about this is it's
everybody saying oh this is finally a
feminist moment the great feminist
moment everything's gonna turn now for
finally powerful men are not going to
abuse a powerless women I mean this is a
town filled with the most beautiful most
insecure women on earth who want to make
a profession out of being loved right
and they go to these powerful guys and
these guys say yeah I'll give you a part
but you got to do all this stuff that's
never gonna stop it's never gonna go
away it's a crime for which every man
has a motive right so they're gonna be
guys who abused it but the thing about
Harvey Weinstein is everybody knew he
was abusive to everybody and by the way
like I said I was pitching something in
his office two weeks ago just am i
saying this will be the end of that they
fired him today but don't think he's
gone do not think he's gone this is
ridiculous I mean the guys are very very
powerful guy and that's why nobody the
New York Times were in a story this
morning basically saying they could not
get anybody to go on the record and one
guy says says to the reporter silence is
complicity she said will you go on the
record no it's classic so just to give
you so and also about the feminist thing
about the women thing there is a very
very powerful gay mafia here that
reputedly abuses boys too and like and
Weinstein guy said he abused men I knew
guys who worked for Harvey Weinstein it
was apparently you know I can't say too
much because I don't have it have the
proof but apparently it was a very very
frightening experience and he you know
he had the reputation the reputation was
he yelled at people who threw things at
people you know he was he was a big you
know burly guy and all that he is a big
burly guy so the New York Times had this
story that two decades ago the Hollywood
producer Harvey onsetting invited Ashley
Judd the actress to the peninsula
Beverly Hills hotel for what the young
actress is expected to be a business
breakfast meeting instead he had her
sent up to his room where he appeared in
a bathroom and asked if he could give
her a massage or she could watch him
shower and she was thinking how do I get
out of the room as fast as possible
without alienating Harvey Weinstein now
this is 20 years later she
she doesn't tell anybody 20 she told the
story at one point but not giving his
Weinstein's name so here is Donald Trump
he's getting on his he's getting on his
helicopter and they asked him what he
what he thinks about the Weinstein story
there's cut number one I'm not at all
surprised to say it and and then they
asked him why did Ashley Judd and all
these other women keep quiet all the
stunts cut for your star they let you do
it you can do anything whatever you want
was right all along
these people on the right you know well
Donald Trump just talked about it he was
talking to Access Hollywood he was
talking about actually doing stuff he
doesn't sound like he was as abusive and
they don't have this train what they
found on Harvey Weinstein was this trail
of payoffs of six-figure payoffs to all
these women to keep them quiet but again
like I said I don't know why he wasn't
paying off the men as well you know I
mean this is this is like the you know
people he this is who this guy was and
and by the way not just now it's not
just Hollywood being incredibly
incredibly complicit and hip
hypocritical about this it's the New
York Times The New York Times had this
story in 2004 Sharon Waxman writing at
The Wrap which i think is CNN's showbiz
page she says in 2004 I was still a
fairly new reporter at the New York
Times when I got the green light to look
into oft-repeated allegations of sexual
misconduct by Weinstein she got the
story she found out he had a guy on his
payroll who was procuring him women and
he was abusing women and she says after
intense pressure from Weinstein which
included having Matt Damon and Russell
Crowe call me directly to vouch for this
procuring hired and unknown discussions
well above my head at the Times this
story was gutted so everybody everybody
was keeping this thing quiet all this
stuff
I mean this is this is a major major
story not because he's going away but
remember Harvey Weinstein came out when
Roman Polanski was picked up where was
he picked up in Switzerland or Sweden
you know Roman Polanski who raped a 13
drugged a 13 I'm talking off the top my
head not 13 or 15 years old she was a
teenage girl drugged her sodomized her
was base basically like ran away he was
a fugitive so he got picked up overseas
Harvey Weinstein
Woody Allen all these guys said oh the
poor Roman Polanski Roman Polanski has
been giving given an Oscar and other
women have come out and said he did the
same thing so this is an absolute
culture of corruption out here this is a
culture where that you know like I said
there was a lot of beautiful women who
wants stuff a lot of powerful guys
who've got stuff what do you think
they're gonna trade it for even
Weinstein put out this statement when he
got caught by the New York Times see
this is the other thing about my scene
he is a huge huge Democrat donor so this
is that this is the entire complex right
this is the media Democrat complex I
mean we've been talking all this time
about you know every every late-night
comedian left-wing every movie every
Oscar show we have to listen to their
left-wing their lecturing us their
lecturing us cuz we're not as good as
they are they're we're not as wise as
they are they know what a terrible
terrible mistake we made when we elected
Trump they know that everything we want
is racist and terrible and sexist this
these are these people these are these
people this is a huge Democrat donor so
Harvey in one of these amazing moments
of self-revelation puts out this
statement in which he starts by
apologizing and then he tries to buy his
way out of it listen to what he says he
says I came of age in the 60s and 70s
when all the rules about behavior and
workplaces were different let's stop
right there okay because this again this
is not a feminist issue this is a human
issue you don't treat women like this
because because women are people it's
not it's not that you don't mistreat
them because they're women you don't
mistreat them because they're human
beings moron it's like there's no cult
there was never a culture before like
ancient days
every culture in America where you
thought like oh yeah let's abuse women
you know and people thought like good
idea they may have said it behind the
scenes but there was never a time when
that was acceptable to civilize decent
human being you know treat people like
that you know come and watch me shower I
mean I'd say that the math is but that's
that's a personal thing between the two
but anyway so he goes on it he says I've
since learned it's not an excuse in the
office or out of it to anyone I realized
some time ago that I needed to be a
better person how long does it take to
figure out that you need to be a better
person is there anybody who doesn't need
to be a better person all right but on
my interactions with the people I work
with have changed I appreciate the way I
behave with colleagues in the past has
caused a lot of pain and I sincerely
apologize for it though I'm trying to do
better I know I have a long way to go
that is my commitment my journey now
will be to learn about myself and
conquer my demons trust me this isn't an
overnight process I've been trying to do
this for ten years and this is a wake up
call I cannot be more remorseful about
the people I hurt and I plan to do right
by all of them okay that's the apology
part right then by the way later he goes
on threatens to sue the New York Times
and he denies a lot of the stuff but
then he says same statement I am going
to need a place to channel that anger
and this is in the heat of the Vegas
shooting I'm going to need a place to
channel that anger so I've decided that
I'm going to give the NRA my full
attention
I hope Wayne LaPierre will enjoy his
retirement party I'm going to do it the
same I had I'm going to do his
retirement party at the same place I had
my bar mitzvah I'm making a movie about
our president perhaps we can make it a
joint retirement party I mean this is
garbage this is like don't hate me I'm a
Democrat don't hate me I'm a liberal and
you know the whole thing in the New York
Times piece the whole idea in the New
York Times piece is to emphasize again
and again it says in the original time
speech how much power he had and how
little power the women had right so to
keep you from saying well why didn't the
women object why didn't they walk out
and and listen Harvey Weinstein in this
business people I cannot tell you it's
funny because I was dragged into working
in Hollywood I never wanted to be in the
movies I only wanted to be a novelist
even when I did it I did my
spare time I must have sold I haven't
lost count of how many scripts I've sold
her option but it's probably run 20
something like that but between the
books and everything like that I've sold
it but it's all in my spare time because
I never really want but people want this
so badly they need it they need to fill
a hole in themselves they need to be
famous they need to have people love
them you know that's that's what
motivates a lot of these people so they
emphasize this but did they emphasize
that when Bill Clinton the most powerful
man on earth was getting oral sex from a
woman who could have been his daughter I
mean she had zero power but then
suddenly as well it was a you know they
agreed it was it was fine it was a
consensual relationship they defended
him there were women they were
journalists female journalist saying oh
I'd do that just to protect my abortion
rights so it's like it's complete a
complete hypocrisy let me stop right
there for a minute and just talk about
something else I have to talk about
Skillshare I was saying before that
Knowles and I are doing this podcast and
it is pin I've we've been taught we were
talking about how difficult it's been
Knowles believes that the devil is after
us
I'm absolutely sure he's right you know
there's Devils trying to stop the spot
cos we've had all kinds of things so I
started going Skillshare to look like
how do you do a podcast and that sounds
silly because I'm doing this podcast but
I'm surrounded you know they're not
bright they're not telling you know
they're not talented people but I'm
surrounded by people they're doing
something you guys are doing something
right something but I didn't have to
figure out how to do this stuff I just
had to come in here and and talk but
this doing it myself so I want a skill
share and sure enough a whole array of
videos what skill share is is a it's got
three million members more than 17,000
classes
it's the Netflix for on line learning it
is a series of videos on just about
anything you can take classes in graphic
design DSLR photography social media
marketing digital illustration and there
and they're taught by industry experts
and experienced professionals perfect if
you're looking to build your career or
start some some side hustle of of your
dreams you can have you they've got dope
design photography marketing
entrepreneurship and other stuff like
just hobbies like music and stuff like
that and you know
things you might want to do like
calligraphy and lettering Skillshare is
giving my listeners a one month free
trial of unlimited access to over 17,000
classes go to wwl share comm slash
andrew and you'll get a free month and
again put that name in there so they
know that i am sending you
they've got classes on just about
everything you can learn a whole new
profession or you can learn like me to
do the profession that you're already
doing let me just end this part about
the Harvey Weinstein with a little bit
from Ross do thought the New York
neither one truly semi conservative
columnist at knucklehead row at The New
York Times he says maybe Harvey's
overdue exposure shows that the world
has changed and progressive industries
are finally feminist enough to put their
old goats out to pasture but it might
just show that a certain kind of
powerful liberal creep only gets his
comeuppance when he's weakened or old or
in the grave the awfulness of Ted
Kennedy at Chappaquiddick and after
hours in DC can be acknowledged only now
that he's no longer a liberal lion in
the Senate the possibility that Bill
Clinton might be not just an adulterer
but a rapist can be entertained now that
he's no longer protecting abortion from
the White House the sins of Woody Allen
well I'm sure Hollywood will start
ostracizing him any day now but the
point is we see it that's the point that
they're not you know SF Saturday Night
Live not one joke about Harvey Weinstein
not one and you know what Lauren Michael
said well it's just a New York story I
mean this is the biggest movie maker on
the planet you know this is ridiculous
it's just a New York story Jimmy Kimmel
did Jimmy Kimmel go out and cry for the
women who got molested but nothing from
Jimmy Kimmel these guys are fakes
they're phonies they're cowards every
single one of them and speaking of Ted
Kennedy I have to play this this is when
Ted Kennedy died I know nobody cared I
mean when Reagan died people poured into
the street grieving when Ted Kennedy
died it was like but the press covered
it like something truly tragic had
happened here is just a sample I took
from ABC News
verge of his death listen to the
incredible it's like a hey geography is
like they're burying a saint today the
world reacted to the passing of Senator
Ted Kennedy the White House lowered the
flag to half-staff as President Obama
called Kennedy the greatest senator of
our time the funeral is planned for this
Saturday in Boston and then later at
Arlington National Cemetery the last Sun
of Camelot will be laid to rest next to
his brothers and that will be his
sanctuary in death and yet again tonight
our eyes turn to the Kennedy family
sanctuary their compound in Hyannis Port
Massachusetts where they've united and
rejoiced in good times and searched for
solace after great tragedy they gather
there now for teddy
as David Wright reports today outside
the Kennedy compound the flags were at
half-staff again the satellite trucks on
Marchand Avenue parked uncomfortably
close the reporters outside peering in
as the Kennedys gathered behind closed
doors to mourn another loss so I just
want to remind you okay I just want to
bring this back up because people know
that Ted Kennedy they know about
Chappaquiddick they know that he drove a
young girl he drove his car into the
water and a young girl died Mary Jo
Kopechne II she was when she was found
she was not wearing any underwear which
is suggestive that perhaps he was
screwing around with her as he was with
virtually any woman who came anywhere
near him but people don't remember he
Kennedy went to got a couple of friends
to kind of go into the water this is
what he said then he went back to his
hotel he swam back to his hotel right he
got there at around 2:30 in the morning
and the friend said well we thought he
was gonna call the police
they didn't call the police and Kennedy
didn't call the police and around 3:00
in the morning he called the hotel owner
to complain that there was a noisy party
that woke him up at 7:30 in the morning
right all this time she's down there
under water he was talking casually to
the winner of the previous day's sailing
race didn't say anything 8:00 a.m. right
the guys who were out with him the night
before they came and showed up and they
said
did you you know call the police no
didn't call the police he said what did
he see he said I was you know I was I
was thinking about my own thoughts and
feelings as I swam across the channel
and hoping that somehow when they
arrived in the morning they were gonna
tell me that Mary Jo was still alive
meanwhile John Farrar the captain of the
fire rescue team who'd Oved down okay
and got the body he said it looked as if
she were holding herself up to get a
last breath of air it was a consciously
assumed position because you know when
you go into a into the drink when a car
the car fills with water and the air
gets pushed up so you can stay alive a
little bit longer by saying in the air
pocket he flowed up into the air pocket
okay he says it looks as if it was a
conscious leak assume position she
didn't drown she died of suffocation in
her own air void it took at least three
or four hours to die and this rescue guy
says I could have had her out of that
car 25 minutes after I got the call but
he didn't call okay that was the great
that's the guy Barack Obama called the
greatest senator of our time hey before
I say goodbye to Facebook and YouTube I
want to make sure that you get a good
night's sleep now I don't sleep but I do
go to bed and so I need to be
comfortable okay I need to be
comfortable because I'm up all night now
there are a million online mattress
retailers but what do they do they sell
one size to everybody they figure
everybody needs the same mattress maybe
they make a good one maybe they don't
but they just gonna sell you one one
mattress but helix leap offers something
that doesn't exist anywhere else a
mattress that is personalized to your
unique preferences and sleeping style
and it won't set you back thousands of
dollars go to helix sleep calm slash
Clavin KL avian take their simple two to
three minutes sleep quiz and they will
build a custom mattress that will be the
best thing you've ever slept on and for
couples they'll even personalize each
side of the mattress it has to do with
the materials how soft it is how hard it
is everyone from GQ to Cosmopolitan to
the New York Times are all talking about
helix and once you try it out you will
know why your custom mattress arrives
direct to your door in a week and
shipping is completely free try it for
one
nights and if you don't love it they'll
pick it up and refund it in full go to
helix sleep calm slash Clavin right now
and you'll get 50 bucks towards your
custom mattress this mattress is much
cheaper than it would be if you went and
bought it in a store plus if you've ever
bought a mattress in the store you know
it's not that much fun gillich sleep
calm slash Clavin you'll get 50 $50 not
50% $50 off your order
helix sleep comm slash Clavin we got to
say goodbye to Facebook and YouTube but
come on over to the daily wire comm and
you can hear the rest of the show or you
could subscribe for a lousy 10 bucks a
month you could watch the whole thing
right there and we would not be kicking
you out into the exterior darkness where
there is great wailing and gnashing of
teeth and no leftist tears tumblr which
if you subscribe for a year it costs a
hundred lousy bucks and you get the
leftist tears tumblr which fills up
automatically with leftist tears every
time I speak come on over to the daily
wire comm so Mike Pence go he used to be
the governor of Indiana goes to the
Colts game Colts 49ers walks into the
game the 49ers are still kneeling over
the flag and pence leaves tents and his
wife walk out of the game in protest of
their protest if they're disrespecting
the flag Trump tweets I asked him to do
that I asked pence to leave if there was
a problem and he did I want you to
listen to MSNBC on the Morning Joe show
how they commented on this and then I'll
tell you what I think of their comments
appalling wasteful profligate disgusting
behavior it's sad it's sad you know
native son who's made it really big time
going home and the whole state I'm sure
wants to celebrate and welcome him
and then they're just part of being a
political prop it's sick and it's sad
and it's a waste of taxpayer dollars
it's not not for nothing that is what a
pig sounds like when you stick it that
is the left understanding that Donald
Trump is beating them at the culture
game and what is driving me a little bit
nuts is the people on the right saying
oh I'm so sick of talking about the NFL
this isn't important let's move on to
important things this is the culture all
this time all this time we've been
talking about oh they own the culture
they own the culture and what happens is
you know we don't see the change because
the culture is like water you know when
you stand on the beach and the waves
come in under your feet and you can feel
the sand as the water goes out you can
feel the center roading underneath your
feet as the sand is carried away that's
what the culture does what the culture
does is one day you wake up and a proto
socialist like Barack Obama is elected
president because why because he's black
and he seems like a good guy and
everybody's gonna love it love him and
never say a bad thing about him because
of his race I don't care a whit about
his race it was his socialism that I
didn't like that's what the culture does
when you start to hear college kids
saying yeah socialism not so bad that
Bill Maher can go on TV and saying you
love socialism is that is if that were a
good thing is if that weren't a sign
that people will sell their freedom for
a loaf of bread which they will you know
I mean this is that what the culture
does this is important it is important
and it's working football is losing its
popularity football used to be America's
sport it used to be the big sport
because of these anti national anthem
protests and President Trump calling
them out on it because ESPN wouldn't do
it
none of the sports casters would do it
because he called them out on it they
are tanking their I think their ratings
went down another three percent over
Sunday was it's another three and it was
10 percent before it so this used to be
this used to be the thing they are
destroying their brand and the thing is
this is and this is happening on the
late-night show - the late-night comedy
shows I think they now have a total
audience of 8 million Leno used to have
6 million alone and of course Johnny
Carson ruled the airwaves I don't know
what his Edmund
everybody watch Carson the thing is they
they basically are retreating into their
own little pocket of self congratulatory
happy talk they're all saying oh but
aren't we wonderful aren't we wonderful
but we see them we see what's going on
we see that they're Harvey Weinstein's
are pigs we see that they're Bill
Clinton's of pigs we see that Hillary
Clinton protected those pigs and
continued to do what we see that he took
Weinstein's money he he must have spent
at least half a million dollars on all
these left-wing causes I mean we see
them and we see what the football
players are doing and listen they have
the right to protest but the protest is
wrong I've said this before them what
they're doing is wrong because what
binds us what makes us care about what
they care about is the fact that we're
all into that same flag Donald Trump
called them out and everybody is
complaining about it if if this was a
setup which I think it seems to have
been that pants kind of knew this was
gonna happen
when he went there all the better all
the better if this was a setup job all
the better these this is the voice of
ordinary Americans speaking the only way
they have left right because the
Hollywood is gone they don't have any
friends in Hollywood they don't have any
friends in act in the Academy they don't
have any friends in the news media
except it Fox this is the only way they
can be heard from the biggest bully
pulpit in the world and Trump is letting
them be heard and it is changing the
culture and we're gonna talk a little
bit about how we should react to that
first let's talk about Blade Runner I
want let's play the trailer we have this
this is the new Blade Runner Blade
Runner 2049 and before you play it I
want you to think about this for a
minute
this Blade Runner takes place 30 years
after the first Blade Runner that means
the first Blade Runner if you remember
the Blade Runner with the amazing LA has
been completely corrupted it's got a
million buildings the ads or 5000 feet
you know a high we've got there the
whole plot of the story was they're
building replicants to work on our
colonies on other planets 30 years
before 2049 is 2019 it's two years from
now so complete miss imagining the
future complete but here's 20 49 they're
coming back to the store
every civilization was built off the
back of a disposable workforce but I can
only make so many happy birthday there
is an order to things
that's what we do here we'll keep order
the world is built on a wall that
separates kindness
tell either side there's no wall
you bought a war
you're a cop
how did your job once
that was good
I know what do you want so and that's
Harrison Ford he was the original Blade
Runner and now he comes back I thought
it was a good movie I thought it was a
good movie it's beautiful I mean if you
can see if you were still watching and
you could see the trailer it looks
unbelievable and Denis Villeneuve is
that how he present he is an excellent
director he did arrival but he didn't oh
he did that prisoners which I just loved
yeah damn Sicario he's a really good
director and there's an actress in there
who plays the villain is Sylvia Hoyt
I'll say @h o e KS she steals the entire
movie and she's the best thing in the
movie it's a little arty and slow and
little arty and slow I thought it's like
2 hours and 40 minutes I thought it
could easily have dropped 30 minutes
like a few less visuals if you get to
the point you know plot points the plot
is excellent I thought the plot was
really well done
whew to few relationships to fill it up
but I went back and I watched the
original Blade Runner that movie is a
classic and I had first of all don't
watch the director's cut and don't watch
the final cut watch the original movie
that watch the original movie cuz I can
tell you I'm guessing but I can I'm
almost sure this is what happen the
original movie has a voiceover in it
where Harrison Ford kind of gives us
tough guys talk and it must have they
must have forced it on Ridley Scott he
must have made him do it cuz he explains
all this stuff that a reasonably
intelligent viewer can get without him
saying it and so you feel a little bit
insulted your intelligence is an assault
in the studio
let's they come in and said I don't get
it I don't get any out of explained
things I got to be a voiceover and it
must have driven Ridley Scott crazy so
he put out his own cut his own cut is
slow and boring with the voice-over the
thing about the voice-over is that it
gives it the feel of a 1950's tough-guy
picture even though it is it is a little
silly at times but it really gives us a
terrific feel every shot in this movie
is a work of genius I mean I don't know
what happened to him he doesn't make
movies like this anymore I mean yeah
yeah alien was great this was great
I got gladiator I like him it's not that
but
but the incredible care that goes into
every shot every line the script is
wonderful the glasses that Harrison Ford
drinks out of like are just beautifully
made the entire imagination of the world
it's really just an amazing picture and
the and the love story is just
absolutely fascinating and gripping I
couldn't believe it I mean I turned it
on I thought I ought to go back and
watch this just to remind myself it's
it's approximately 10 times the movie
the sequel is I mean it's just this want
them the sequel is good good movie if
you have three hours to kill you can go
and watch it but it this this movie is
unbelievable the original Blade Runner
is terrific
alright let's take a look at our crappy
culture
now let's talk about indigenous peoples
day all right because this is in
California they actually there's now
officially an indigenous peoples day
because they look at Columbus's oh the
terrible white Christian imperialists
coming over and killing the nice
wonderful you know indigenous peoples
and now all of that is debunked I think
Michael Noel's actually has a good piece
hard to believe it's written in crayon
but it's you know you got to give him a
break sometimes anyway he wrote a good
piece showing that Columbus was and as
he was an incredible navigator a heroic
heroic sailor who braved I mean just
incredible Ike the size of my desk that
they were sailing and they sailed across
an ocean not knowing what they would
find unbelievable he was a much better
governor than people give him credit for
a lot of the atrocities that were
committed against the natives he was
fighting against a lot of the time but
that is not the point that is I mean I
think that's all true at but it's not
the point the point is the this myth of
the noble savage okay here is a weird
thing I want you to think about people
who believe in Christianity who at least
have some connection to the story of
Adam and Eve some people think it's
literally true some people like me think
it is the most profound story about
human nature ever told doesn't matter
people who are invested in Adam and Eve
look to the future right we look to the
future if you think about Paradise Lost
the greatest poem ever in one of the
greatest poems in the English language
about Adam and Eve it ends with this
kind of hopeful note of of Adam and Eve
wandering off - into the world to start
history to begin history we look to the
future not just in the future life not
just the life after death but we look to
a few the future of man we think that
man can be better that he is moving back
toward the garden through the knowledge
of good and evil going back to God and
the Paris if then if you look at people
who whose only hope is Darwin who
believed in only in evolution that
evolution is a random process I believe
in evolution but I just don't think it's
a random process I know how you would
even know it was a random process all
you can say is it looks random
to us just like you know when I when I
go in and clear out an ant's nest in my
house it looks random for them it looks
like a random disaster they don't know
what I'm doing they haven't got any idea
of my purpose I don't know why they
think it's random but they say it looks
random to them why is it they are the
ones who talk about the noble savage you
know they they believe that if you could
just if you just go back things were
wonderful before we got there before the
white man came all it was wonderful but
you know let me let me give you Darwin
you know he made those great those
fantastic journeys on the Beagle the HMS
Beagle and that's how he gathered all
the information for his his theory one
of the three of the passengers on the
Beagle were from Tierra del Fuego and
they were natives who had been brought
to England and kind of Anglo fight and
they had been dressed up and kind of
half mockingly but also sort of
seriously that I think they'd met the
king and everything and they became and
they part of the job of the Beagle was
to bring them back to Tierra del Fuego
when Darwin got there he saw the natives
the indigenous peoples okay
and Darwin was often attacked for
believing man was descended from the ape
right they would say you know was it on
your mother's side your father's either
who were dependent descended from the
whatever so he looked at the natives of
Terra del Fuego
and this is what he said these men were
absolutely naked and bit dobbed with
paint their long hair was tangled their
mouths fraught with excitement and their
expression was wild startled and
destruct distrustful they possessed
hardly any arts and like wild animals
lived on what they could catch they had
no government and were merciless to
everyone not of their own small tribe I
would assume be descended from an old
baboon as from a savage who delights to
torture his enemies offers up bloody
sacrifices practices and Fanta side
without remorse treats his wives like
slaves knows no decency and is haunted
by the grossest superstition happy
indigenous peoples day from Charles
Darwin you know this was a myth a lot of
times they blame Rousseau for the myth
of the noble savage but I you know I
always know that's how I always know
when I'm reading
if the guy hasn't actually read Rousseau
because this happens a lot he never said
it he that was not his theories there
was a lot more complicated than that but
this was a theory that people began to
have as civilization advanced ok and who
guys like Dickens used to hate Charles
Dickens would talk about the Indians and
they would say oh the Indians we're
talking about the American Indians and
there was no the Indians these are the
noble savage this is what people could
be if we could just strip them of
civilization and he was like the best
thing that could happen to these people
is that they be civilized on out of
existence Steven Pinker the science
writer he gives a TED talk about
violence and how we've gotten less
violent as we become more civilized with
a chart there's a he he has a chart this
I got this chart from Pinker right here
is the best they can judge of native
peoples before civilization and how many
what percentage of their men were killed
in warfare at the worst it's 60 percent
over half the men were killed in war
warfare and if depending on the tribe it
gets less and less until the least tribe
the Djibouti is under 10% then you look
down at Europe and the US in the 20th
century okay now we're talking about
death camps we're talking about the atom
bomb we're talking about World War one
and World War two the percentage of male
deaths is it looks like about three
percent three percent civilization for
all its discontents for all its
mechanisms for all its mechanisms of
death it doesn't kill people he's not as
violent is not as savage you know Mona
Sharon was talking about this when a
Sharon was talking about this on
Thursday about the fact that that women
have one such victories in the way that
men and women interact you know apes
these apes that were supposed to be
descended from the men beat the women
the male Apes beat the women and the
women's search for the ape that beats
are the most because she knows that's
the guy who can could defend her
children and she tries to sleep with as
many as these of these big bruisers as
she can so they won't kill her child
because a lot of times the Apes get
jealous and they'll kill the child so
that the mother will go
back into heat again and they can get
her pregnant instead of the other guy
who got the other ape who got her
pregnant
you know this is what we come from this
is what word send it from from people
who act like that and and it's you know
if we have gotten better it's because of
consciousness it's because of
civilization it's because of giving
women rights and listening to what is
going on you know except for Harvey
Weinstein but I mean the rest of us
listening to what you know women are
saying and what the how relationships
work my point about Adam and Eve I just
finished this wonderful book about Adam
and Eve called the rise and fall of Adam
and Eve by Stephen Greenblatt and
Stephen Greenblatt is a wonderful
scholar and a wonderful writer that I
admire very much and I disagree with him
a lot not a lot but it often at times I
disagree with him he's a Shakespeare
expert and he writes this book about
Adam and Eve and the narrative of his
book about Adam and Eve is kinda this
myth gets taken too seriously and then
it gets so it's taken so seriously it's
made so human that it finally occurs to
people as science Rises that it's all
ridiculous and it then gets abandoned
but I have a totally different I believe
in both Darwin and the story of Adam and
Eve I believe both both of these things
are absolutely true I believe the story
of Adam and Eve is a story about who we
are and it is God's story about who we
are I mean think about it you know it's
always very mysterious when people say
well why didn't God want us to have the
eat the fruit of the knowledge of good
and evil why can he want us to know good
from evil that doesn't seem it doesn't
seem right but I think if you think
about it one of the things that God
keeps saying when he creates things is
is that they're good he says I made this
world and it's good the world is good
right but when they started to see good
and evil in a world that God declared
good they were seeing something that was
less than he had made them to see he had
made them to see that his world that all
things work to the good for those who
love God but instead they started
putting themselves first putting their
judgments first their judgments over
God's knowledge that this whole thing
somehow even though it's painful
sometimes for us even though we can't
understand it all the time that this
whole thing works to the good these
story of Adam and Eve is the story of
our spirit it's the story of our souls
it's our story of our march from
innocence through knowledge back to God
back to becoming as Jesus said like
children in the kingdom of heaven that
is the story you know Greenblatt makes
this point in his book that one of the
things that happened to Darwin Darwin
used to love poetry he loved Shakespeare
he loved Paradise Lost he loved Milton
as he became more and more immersed in
his theory he lost his love of poetry he
couldn't read it anymore and he said I'd
become a machine for taking facts and
making theories that's all I am now well
the reason was he lost the narrative
okay he got the facts I salute him
they're wonderful science is a wonderful
thing but he lost the sense of purpose
that people who believe in God have
that's why when we started I opened the
show with this guy saying that he used
to be a weed and porn addicted atheist
needless like everybody else I love that
line that was one of my favorite things
about the post it's just like everybody
else like everybody and then he found
Christ and now he can't stop smiling we
are moving forward in spirit we're
moving forward in spirit and that is why
when we look at the world as it is now
we know it's better than it was it's
better than it was because we have moved
forward in spirit from the garden
hopefully back to the garden in a life
beyond this this is Columbus Day we
should be celebrating we should be
celebrating that the arts civilization
technology wisdom intelligence reading
language all came to this place of
cannibalism and savagery and replaced it
I know that in justices were done I know
that bad things were done to people I
know that if it happened again to
tomorrow
bad things would happen again but
there's no going back
we don't want to go back this is
Columbus Day happy Columbus Day and
we'll see you again tomorrow
I'm Andrew Klavan this is the Andrew
Clavin show
