hey gang so we just finished up our
first edition of the conversation a live
Q&A for our subscribers that we streamed
for everyone to watch on Facebook and
YouTube I hope you enjoyed it because
our second episode is coming up on
Tuesday October 17th at 5 p.m. Eastern 2
p.m. Pacific it features the Daily wires
own Andrew Clavin all of the mysteries
of the universe will be solved all your
life's questions will be answered with a
hundred percent guaranteed Clavin
accuracy give or take so don't wait
subscribe today to be part of the
conversation that asked drew live
questions which you will answer for
everyone to hear
Kruse conversations gonna stream live on
daily wire facebook page and the daily
wire our youtube channel it'll be free
for everyone to watch but only
subscribers can ask questions to ask
questions as a subscriber log in to our
website daily wired.com and head over to
the conversation page to watch the live
stream after that just start typing into
the daily wired chat box andrew will
answer questions as they come in for an
entire hour once again subscribe to get
your questions answered by andrew Clavin
on tuesday october 17th at 5 p.m.
Eastern 2 p.m. Pacific and join the
conversation
