from Chris dear Andrew I'm 33 years old
and I've recently had to come to grips
with the fact that I may become
permanently disabled I am a type 1
diabetic and have sustained many
internal and permanent conditions due to
not being diagnosed soon enough I firmly
stand against any I firmly stand against
government assistance but may have no
other choice to support my family
without accepting disability benefits am
I wrong to vehemently oppose social
welfare programs as a whole while still
accepting venomoth benefits well first
of all I'm really sorry this has
happened that sounds incredibly tough
the answer is is yes to an extent yes to
an extent if if you are opposed to
something you should only use it if
there is no other choice if the fact
that you have lost the argument means
that the way that you should have taken
has been disbarred so for it it has been
barred to you so for instance for
instance you may be against affirmative
action but when they accept you into
Yale you don't know whether you've been
accepted for affirmative action or not
and you're not gonna turn it down
because it might be affirmative action
you're gonna take the acceptance right
and that's that's perfectly fair even if
you're against affirmative action what
you have to do is earn your place and
Yale now that you've got it you have to
earn what you've gotten but I you know
I'm deeply opposed to affirmative action
but I don't blame a guy if he works
really hard and doesn't know whether
affirmative action was given to him was
used on him or not if you are against
all forms of government assistance if
you're again and I'm not by the way if
you're but if you're against all forms
of government government assistance and
you take the government assistance yeah
I think that's being hypocritical but
you can also change your mind and say
hey you know I what I'm against is the
idea that everybody should pay for
everything
in certain emergency situations the
government may be the best person you
might not be a hypocrite if what you
think is the church should take care of
me when I can't take care of myself but
the church has been disabled by an
overweening government you could make
that argument so that's why I say yes
and no you know if what you really
believe is there should be no government
assist
and people should just fend for
themselves then yeah it's hypocritical
to take it but maybe you should
re-examine your beliefs maybe you've
been too harsh maybe you know there are
other people in a similar situation that
you that need the assistance I am NOT
against social spending I think social
spending has worked out well I simply
think it is a foothold that the left
uses to get as much money and power as
it can and that has to be fought against
