hello I'm Andrew Clavin and I'm here in
Hollywood and I have a serious face
today
when I have a serious face it's very
serious because I'm in Hollywood usually
I say funny things with a funny face and
then we all laugh but today I'm serious
and that means you have to take me
seriously sometimes I may even have
emotions and then it's very serious
because my own emotions aren't ordinary
emotions they're hollywood emotions and
hollywood emotions make me an expert on
things when i have hollywood emotions i
become an expert on health care and gun
control and anything else i want to talk
about with my emotions and you have to
take me seriously because I'm in
Hollywood and I have a serious face and
emotions now some of you may say wait
why do we have to take you seriously
just because you have a serious face and
emotions shouldn't we calm down and get
past our emotions so we can think
clearly and make good decisions but I
say no and when I say no it's not an
ordinary no it's a no from Hollywood so
it's important I say if you care now is
the time to make decisions while you're
emotional because if you calm down then
you might think and gather facts and if
you think and gather facts you might
stop taking me seriously and you have to
take me seriously because I'm in
Hollywood and I have a serious face
there are others among you who probably
say well we have a constitution and we
should probably follow the law set down
in our Constitution but is the
Constitution from Hollywood does a
constitution have a serious Hollywood
face with emotions how can we show we
care if we're always obeying the
Constitution instead of thinking about
my emotions here in Hollywood such day
no matter what happens remember three
things I have a serious face I have
emotions and I'm in Hollywood so what I
say is important even though it's
complete crap
trigger warning I'm Andrew Clavin and
this is the Andrew Clavin show
see I can be Jimmy Kimmel he's giving
he's getting 10 million bucks for that
it's the mailbag day that's more
importantly it is the mailbag day you
know and we here's what we're gonna talk
about guns you know I've been putting it
off when we've this terrible thing
happened in Vegas to begin with I said I
didn't want to politicize it I wanted to
find out what the police are doing
yesterday I talked about what the left
was was doing today they weren't to talk
about guns let's talk about guns I'm
gonna read you one of the best pieces
that were written I think the best piece
that was written yesterday about this
but before we talk about that oh also
about I mentioned the mailbag and we
have tickety-boo news but first we have
to talk about blue apron because blue
apron are the people that I go to when I
want to get a really restaurant level
meal that is cooked at home now I could
pretend that I cook it at home but what
I do is I sit and drink a glass of wine
and watch my wife cook it at home but
it's not hard because what they do first
of all this is the number one fresh
ingredient and recipe delivery service
in the country so you know they know
what they're doing and what they do is
they deliver the ingredients to you all
measured out so you have exactly what
you need they give you this big card
which has very bright clear to read easy
to read directions and the stuff they're
sending you it's just not the kind of
thing you're normally gonna cook
upcoming meals include cheesy chicken
and black bean enchiladas with salsa
verde now you know you guys make this at
your home every day but we don't I mean
this is a little fancy for us shrimp
marinara with spaghetti spinach and
parsley maple gravy smothered pork chops
ooh that one's that's one sounds good
maple gravy smothered pork chops with
stewed collard greens and sweet potatoes
love collard greens spiced cauliflower
and pepper with jasmine rice and
cilantro yogurt sauce these things cost
IIIi know that sounds like in a
restaurant that's the kind of meal that
would cost you like 30 bucks but this is
10 bucks per person per meal and they
deliver them right to your house you get
you get to choose a variety of recipes
in there always new putting up new
recipes every day and you can customize
your recipes each week based on your
preferences take about 40 minutes or
less to make each meal and check out
this week's menu and you get three
dollars off your first meal with free
shipping 30 bucks off your first meal
with free shipping how do you do it you
go to blue apron dot-com / Andrew you'll
love how good it feels and tastes to
create incredible home-cooked meals with
blue apron so don't wait that's blue
apron calm slash Andrew for 30 bucks off
your first meal with free shipping blue
apron calm slash Andrew is a better way
to cook and you know I joke about the
fact that my wife won't let me cook
because I'd only hurt myself I mean it
really is true the times I've tried to
cook I wound up with my hands entirely
and it's like the Invisible Man or
something like that but but it's but
it's nice to be together you know it's
nice to sit around and cook and chat and
all that stuff so all right I want to
read you what I just thought was the
best piece the best response to all this
stuff they give you the latest on the
shooting the killer Stephen paddocks
girlfriend Marilu Dan Lee arrived in
here in LA last night she was in the
Philippines the police say she's a
person of interest they're interviewing
her as we speak
trying to find out the motive for this
guy I cannot find out the motive for
this guy but she went to the Philippines
before she went to the Philippines he
wired a hundred thousand bucks to the
Philippines well we don't know what
that's about I mean I just you know it's
funny I turned on the TV to see what the
updates were it's just people
speculating it really it's kind of awful
I guess they have to fill the air time
but we just don't know we don't know the
sheriff somebody made some remark about
maybe he was radicalized and on Infowars
or something they're playing that out to
say he was killing conservatives but
there's also a story that he was
planning attacks on other kind not just
country music concerts but other kinds
of concerts multiple witnesses do say he
was unkind to his girlfriend that he
treated her brusque Lee and badly and
people witnessed this his brother Erik
panic he's just slowly falling apart he
keeps giving these interviews and each
interview gets more and more emotional
they've got a third brother who
apparently like their father was also
also had criminal criminal history so
maybe Erik paddock is like the one guy
maybe he's the white sheep of the family
or something and he's just trying to
deal with this yeah here's a cut of
talking cut number six of him talking
about the fact that this guy was a
gambler but he was a successful gambler
and the records show he was paid up at
these casinos he was not in debt it's an
earlier report set steve is a was was a
highly intelligent highly successful
person he could have done anything he
wanted to do and he did he made himself
wealthy he made us wealthy he was a very
successful person he gambled for 20-plus
years successfully it's like a job to
him he did it mathematically he did it
because it was a way to have a fun wife
and an make and he didn't go poor doing
it so so he goes on and talks about is
his you know terrible feelings that
maybe he could have done something
differently maybe if the guy had called
him he could have talked him out of it
but all that is just you know the
emotional side of this and there's been
a lot of emotions jimmy kimmel you know
I don't want to constantly talk about
Jimmy Kimmel but he really has become
CNN said how did Jimmy Kimmel become our
conscience as I can see it and then
Jimmy Kimmel is your conscience you know
your conscience is Jimmy Kimmel like
mine's Jerry Lewis okay it's like my
cause it's just making funny faces and
funny voices but you know Jimmy Kimmel
has really sunk he's really become kind
of weaselly at this point you know he
has that thing that the left has where
they think the First Amendment not only
protects their freedom of speech which
it does I don't watch any Kimmel to have
to shut up or anything like that but
they think it also protects them from
criticism and the consequences of the
things they say so people are picking on
them and Kimmel's response is to accuse
all of us who disagree with him of
essentially being accessories before the
fact yeah here's here's Kimmel with his
usual emotionalism
you know you know they say Kimmel is
getting his talking points from Chuck
Schumer I guess they're right it sounds
just like him all right but here's what
came over really said I'm not gonna get
deep into it again tonight I said what I
had to say last night but I do want to
say something to these nuts who spent
most of the day today on television
online attacking those of us who think
we need to do something about the fact
that 59 innocent people were killed you
know they say it's inappropriate to be
talking about it because it's too soon
well maybe it's too soon for you because
deep down inside you know in your heart
you know you bear some responsibility
for the fact that almost anyone can get
any weapon they want now you want to
cover yourself until the storm of
outrage passes you can go back to your
dirty business as usual but it's not too
soon for us because we're Americans and
last time I checked the First Amendment
is at least as important as the Second
Amendment oh yeah well so so we're going
back to our dirty business here go back
to our dirty business defending the
Second Amendment and disagreeing with
Jimmy Kimmel I mean that's what he's
complaining about nobody said you know
shucks Jimmy Kimmel down nobody said you
know we can't have his stupid show where
he abuses the publicly owned Airways
instead of delivering the comedy that
he's being paid for he delivers this
kind of garbage where he now has just
told all the people in this country who
believe in the Second Amendment that
they are you know complicit in the
slaughter in Vegas just to have one more
voice in there ask Steve Scalise again
the congressman who was shot and nearly
killed by the Bernie bro shooter at the
softball game in DC he says this is
fortified his pro Second Amendment
opinions first of all you've got to
recognize that you know when there is a
when there's a tragedy like this the
first thing we should be thinking about
is praying for the people who were
injured and doing whatever we can help
them to help law enforcement we
shouldn't first be thinking of promoting
our political agenda and I think we see
too much of that where people say okay
now you have to have gun control well
first of all look at some of those bills
those bills wouldn't have done
anything to stop this I mean the gunman
actually cleared background checks so to
promote some kind of gun control I think
is is is the wrong way to approach this
and frankly what I experienced was when
there was a shooter we had luckily we
had capital police there with their own
guns every single day in America regular
citizens that just have a passionate
belief in the Second Amendment that have
their own guns use guns every single day
to protect themselves against criminals
and those stories never get told or
hardly ever get told but that's a
different side of the story that I think
is important that people use guns way
more to defend themselves from criminals
and criminals using guns to hurt people
you know to bring to bring Scalia's
point home Kimmel says that he's gotten
all this blowback from Trump supporters
so he's had to increase security now I
think we all know that those security
guys are carrying guns right I used to
live I really do live in Hollywood my
next-door neighbor used to be one of the
biggest stars out here and I won't
expose who was because I think just
because you happen to live next to me
doesn't give me the right your home
should be like a castle I don't wanna
Doc's the guy you know it's like just so
it doesn't matter who it was but it was
a very liberal big star very nice in all
our dealings you know with them but a
very avid anti-gun campaigner every
single day every single day men with
guns came into that house to protect
that house and to protect that person
who was a major major celebrity the
gunman even called up my wife and told
her that they would be watching our
house as well because they've their
houses above I just think because much
bigger star hey how did this huge
mansion kind of looking down on us but
they said you know if any there's any
trouble there we'll be happy to come
over I thought that was great I thought
it was really good but you know the
point is I can't afford to have
bodyguards I get threatened I get people
who wish I was dead and all that stuff
and ordinary people obviously the people
in Vegas they're not movie stars we
can't all afford the security that Jimmy
Kimmel has we carry guns for protection
we hold
for protection this is the same thing
you know and maybe it's just that we
like guns maybe some people just have
guns because they like them but most
people are trying to be safer so there's
a lot a lot of hypocrisy and all that
crying and all that blaming people and
all that cursing people out and calling
them nuts and saying that they are part
of this dirty business and somehow
complicit in these this Massacre it's
it's a weasel thing to do it is a really
nasty low despicable thing to do so let
me read you what I just thought was an
unbelievably great piece from Charles
cook Charlie cook is what I like about
Charlie cook is he's he's British born I
don't know if he's become an American
citizen but he knows more I've been on
cruises with him and panels with him and
he just knows a lot about the First
Amendment and all this stuff but he
wrote a piece yesterday called the right
to bear arms isn't up for debate okay
let me let me just read I want to read
as much of this piece as I can and I'll
interrupt myself to talk about some
other things but he begins by saying
when debating the wisdom of the
Constitution's Second Amendment the
media tends to start from the
presumption that the question is purely
scientific and that the answers can and
should be derived from statistical
analyses and relentless experimentation
and let me stop right there because
there was another article out yesterday
from a statistician who said after
researching gun violence I no longer
believe in gun control this is a woman
named Leila Briscoe who was a liberal
formerly of Nate Silver's 538 site where
they gather all the you know information
a lot of the electoral statistics she
crunched the numbers in a study of all
33,000 gun homicides in the United
States annually she went in thinking
that the usual liberal menu of anti-gun
policies would reduce that number
dramatically she came out concluding
that the only selling point of anti-gun
policies is that gun owners hate them
you know how we on the right with Trump
are being accused of only doing things
to make liberals cry she says this is
the only reason to do this and here's
what she said I researched the strictly
tightened gun laws in Britain and
Australia and concluded that they didn't
prove much about what America's policy
should be neither nation experienced
drops and mass shootings or other gun
related
that could be attributed to their
buybacks and bans mass shootings were
too rare in Australia for their absence
after the buyback program to be clear
evidence of progress and in both
Australia and Britain the gun
restrictions had an ambiguous effect on
other gun related crimes or deaths when
I looked at the other off praise
policies I found that no gun owner walks
into the store to buy an assault weapon
finally someone on the Left figures this
out it's an invented classification that
includes any semi-automatic that has two
or more features such as a bayonet mount
a rocket-propelled grenade launcher
mount a folding stock or a pistol grip
but guns are modular and any hobbyist
can easily add these features at home
just as if they were snapping together
Legos that's one of the things that this
guy did he had what are they called bump
stocks and you don't even need a bump
stock to turn a semi-automatic into an
automatic it's really a question of
handling the recoil the recoil so he
goes on to say as my co-workers and I
kept looking at the data it seemed less
and less clear that one broad gun
control restriction could make a big
difference
two-thirds of gun deaths in the United
States every year are suicides this is
what happens when a liberal looks at
facts suddenly suddenly they become us
what is you know what is a conservative
a conservatives a liberal who looks at
facts all right let me get back to this
Charlie cook piece because I think it's
just excellent this is the Second
Amendment is not up for debate
he says the statistical approach is
mistaken the right of the people to keep
and bear arms is not the product of the
latest research fads or exquisitely
tortured data journalism but a natural
extension of the Lockean principles on
which this country was founded it must
be protected as such the Declaration of
Independence presumes that all men enjoy
certain inalienable rights and among
them are life and liberty practically
speaking it both the state level as a
bulwark against tyranny and at the
individual level as a means by which to
protect oneself this necessitates the
auxiliary right to the private ownership
of arms which in the common law the
preceded the Second Amendment was
understood to include personal weapons
in other words because of the theories
and the ideas that were built up over
centuries that you know ended with the
Lockean point of view of an about
natural law we have a right a god-given
right remember these rights were endowed
by our Creator
- life and liberty and part of those
rights we defend your liberty and to
defend your life you need to be able to
be armed okay
and I'm going to pause here again here
is a brief clip of Chuck Todd saying
what everybody on the Left is saying is
we need to act now because we're
emotional and now is the time to just
act on our emotions so here's Chuck Todd
saying this I'll tell you why I'd play
it in it's just a second this is exactly
the time to start talking about any
issue gun violence included if we wait
until cooler heads prevail on any of
these we never talk about it
and in fact if we applied the same logic
to every other debate and every other
crisis at this country faces that we do
to the gun debate we never would have
focused on any of those issues either we
can't wait til cooler heads prevail if
cooler heads prevail we'll look at facts
and numbers now I the reason I wanted to
play this is because I also wanted to
play something I've been meaning to play
since last week remember the guy in
Alabama Roy Moore who is a very
religious very openly religious guy is
always talking about God when he gives
speeches quoting the Bible when he gives
speeches he talked about how our rights
come from God and that is what it says
in the Declaration of Independence we
are endowed by our Creator our Creator
this is going to surprise you but our
Creator is actually not Barack Obama our
Creator is God he endowed us with these
rights he made us they are self-evident
rights among them like in Liberty here
is Chuck Todd reacting the same trucked
out or just told you not to wait till
cooler heads prevailed reacting to Roy
mores winning the primary in Alabama Roy
Moore where the phrase Christian
conservative doesn't even begin to
describe him could very well be your
next US senator and you don't understand
just how freaked out some folks in the
Ruggiero p and the white house are about
what that means then you don't know Roy
Moore first off he doesn't appear to
believe in the Constitution as it's
written all rights don't come from
government they don't come from the Bill
of Rights they come from Almighty God
now that's just a taste of what our very
fundamentalist views that have gotten
him removed from office twice as
Alabama's Chief Justice I'm sorry I'm
speechless
I haven't listened to that cut for a
week but when I first played it I was
speechless there is Chuck Todd who
thinks that when you know like Jimmy
Kimmel he thinks that if his face is
facing the camera he must know something
or why would they be pointing a camera
and Moore says what is foundational it
is foundational it is the bottom block
in the Jenga tower of America that are
we are endowed by our creator with
certain inalienable rights and the
argument the Charles Cook is making is
that that endowment necessitates that we
have guns necessitates that we can
protect ourselves and there is Chuck
Todd when he hears somebody say what is
our founding documents but that's
unconstitutional he doesn't believe in
the Constitution you know Chuck Todd
thinks all rights emanate from the
Constitution our Constitution is there
to protect including the Second
Amendment is there to protect our
god-given rights all right we have the
mailbag coming up but we've got to break
away from Facebook and YouTube
let me explain what this means you know
you get to watch about I don't know what
do we give them like 15 20 minutes right
on Facebook and YouTube and then if you
want to hear the rest of the show you
can come over to the Daily wire calm but
if you subscribe for a lousy 10 bucks a
month you can watch the whole show on
The Daily wire calm so you don't have to
be cast out like this into the exterior
darkness where there is great wailing
and gnashing of teeth if you know your
Bible you would know that but if or it
allows you to end by someone also that
way you can get questions in the mail
that we have some really really good
questions my answers are guaranteed a
hundred percent correct we guarantee
there are answers as a hundred percent
correct and they will change your life
on occasion for the better if you
subscribe for a year it's only a hundred
lousy bucks and you get the leftist
tears tumblr which is filling up
automatically even as I speak with
leftist ears because of the things I'm
saying it's amazing is it amazing and it
keeps them cool or hot as you like them
alright come on over to the daily wire
com here the rest of the show
all right let's get back to Charlie
cooks piece this is the Second Amendment
is not up for debate
even even if Jimmy Kimmel himself the
conscience of America says it is cook
rights at the time of the American
Founding it was widely understood that
there was a real danger in a
government's attempting to deprive the
people of what Alexander Hamilton called
their original right of self-defense
this is why when it came to writing the
Constitution the anti-federalists who
feared the government's potential to
become corrupt refused to sign on to a
more powerful national government until
they had been promised certain explicit
protections you remember right they had
a first constitution that wasn't strong
enough didn't have a strong enough
central government so they went back to
the constitutional Congress and that's
when they started writing the federal
papers to argue we needed a stronger
central government but a lot of people
were saying if we have a stronger
central government they're going to take
over everything why would they say
something like that what on earth made
them think that okay but then as now
says Cooke their logic was clear it
makes no sense to allow the
representatives of a free people to
disarm their masters this is what they
forgotten we are their masters it makes
no sense to allow the people who merely
represent us to disarm us their masters
this is why this piece is so good I mean
maybe it took an Englishman to figure
this figure this out
reacting to this argument we often hear
advocates of gun control proposed that
the founders observations are irrelevant
because they could not have imagined the
modern world isn't that the one they
always say well they didn't see Adam
attak weapons as if the government
doesn't have automatic weapons to the
weapons have gone up on both sides Cooke
says I agree with the latter assertion
the founders could not have imagined the
modern world as well-read in world
history as they were there is no way
that they could have foreseen just how
prescient they were in insisting on
harsh limitations of government power
just how far seeing they were in their
time tyranny was comparatively soft
their complaints focused on under
representation and the capricious
restriction of ancient rites in the past
century by contrast tyranny involved the
systematic
execution of entire groups of people and
the enslavement of whole countries the
notion that if James Madison had
foreseen the 20th century he would have
concluded that the Bill of Rights was
too generous
he's laughable conservatives who were
scared of tyrants often asked could it
happen here well it did happen here Jim
Crow the Ku Klux Klan lynching legal
segregation for a period the South was
everything a free man should fear when I
to be Wells Ida B Wells was a black
journalist and suffragette I guess you'd
call she was like a early feminist and
and she was a like a newspaper writer
early part of the 20th century late part
of the 19th century when I to be Wells
noted that a Winchester rifle should
have a place of honor in every black
home and it should be used for that
protection with Jilla law refuses to
give she was confirming an age-old truth
the gun is a great equalizer and the
state is a capricious beast it is from
this understanding that all
conversations must proceed
the Second Amendment is not old it is
timeless it is not unclear it is obvious
it is not embarrassing it is fundamental
and as much as anything else it is a
vital indicator of the correct
relationship between the citizen and the
state and a reminder of the unbreakable
sovereignty of the individual unless
those calling for greater restrictions
learn to acknowledge this at the outset
of any public discussion they will
continue to get nowhere in their
deliberations that is a brilliant piece
and the reason that is a brilliant piece
is because it shifts the conversation
back to where it should be an
understanding that we want to be armed
to protect us against the state listen I
love the cops the cops do a great job
the cops have been shaped as we all have
been shaped by this wonderful liberal
free society that they live in they
respect people's rights say they really
do I mean if you ever see cops on the on
the beat they really do they play by the
rules when the new rules come down they
may not like them but they usually play
by them sometimes they skirt the rules
if they have to but they usually play by
the rules you don't see what you see in
Catalonia in Catalonia they're trying to
have this vote they have this vote to
become a separate state right to break
away from Spain and the Spanish serve
that's illegal because our Constitution
says the whole country has to vote on
this well that's a rigged system right I
mean I'm not saying Catalonia should
break away I'm not making any comment on
the right of their cause but certainly
you can't have a vote to break away in
which for what is it I think four-fifths
of the country says gets a vote to keep
you there that's not fair right that's
not fair if you want independence there
should be some way that you can address
that que so they sent in the cops and
the cops were beating people up when
they try to vote and now they're they're
moving toward what looks like it could
become like an armed conflict it could
become a civil war I hope not but that's
that's the kind of thing that's moving
toward when you look at that how can you
think that the people shouldn't have
guns when the cops can come in soldier I
wasn't cop so soldiers come in and take
you out of the voting booth by force how
can you think that the people shouldn't
be able to fight back and people say
well the American military is so tough
that that that we could never beat them
you know it so that there haven't done
so well in Afghanistan is not that easy
to fight a people a local populace and
arms god forbid that should ever happen
but God forbid twice that it should
happen and the people not be armed okay
but listen when when Charlie says this
is timeless
go back to the Bible you know when the
people when the Hebrews first came into
the Land of Israel they had no
government they just had prophets who
would tell them what God was saying
through the prophets when things got bad
and they were oppressed by the
Philistines or as we call them now the
Palestinians when when things got bad
and they were oppressed by you know
surrounding armies they would have a guy
they would call one of the judges who
would rise up sometimes a girl rise up
and help them fight back and fight back
against the surrounding people then
they'd go back to their places and
govern themselves through the Word of
God
you know when the prophet Samuel got old
he pointed his sons and their sons was
corrupt were corrupt and so the people
came to him and said why can't we have
Kings like everybody else and Samuel
thought well that's not a good idea you
don't want to do that and he went to God
and God said to Samuel he said don't
worry he says he said obey the voice of
the people and all that they say to you
but they have not rejected you
but they have rejected me from being
king over them so Sami went back to the
people and said okay you know you want
to be you want to have Kings these will
be the ways of the king who will reign
over you he will take your sons and
appoint them to his chariots and to be
his horsemen and to run before his
chariots and he will appoint for himself
commanders of thousands and commanders
of 50s and some to plow his ground and
reap his harvest and make his implements
of war and the equipment of his chariot
he will take your daughters to be
perfumers and cooks and bakers he will
take the best of your fields and
vineyards and olive orchards and give
them to his servants he will take the
tenth of your grain and of your
vineyards and give it to his officers
and to his servants he will take your
male servants and female servants and
put them to work he will take the tenth
of your flocks and you shall be his
slaves government has always been a
problem we have the right to Liberty we
have the god-given right to Liberty we
have the god-given right to life you
cannot protect Liberty or life unless
you're armed that's it that's the answer
I don't give a rat's what Jimmy Kim
thinks because the guy is a weasel and
he's a fool and I don't care how he
cries I don't care what he says
that's that's why we have the right to
bear arms mail back I took you by
surprise there but she's still there all
right from Joe hey Andrew it seems to me
that national political debate must be
rooted in a similar view of morality you
can't have a debate unless you have a
similar view of morality the problem is
that our friends on the Left think that
we conservative Christians need to
separate our religion from our politics
somehow they don't realize that the two
are inexorably linked how do you think
we can overcome this divide well I think
this is a difficult problem but I think
we have to go back to our old friend
uncle Jesus because he always had a lot
of stuff to say and remember when he was
asked whether it was right to pay taxes
to Caesar he said show me a coin held it
up and said whose face is on this coin
it's Caesars face gives Caesar what
Caesar and give to God what is God
meaning your soul
the things of the soul we have to be
able to make arguments that are not
simply scriptural arguments by Jesus
specifically recognized a division
between church and state between our
allegiance to God and our illusions
allegiance to the state we have the
right to say that you have hit a point
where the state can have no control so
for instance I very you know libertarian
about people's sexual lives think it's
appalling when they go to someone and
say you must be forced to cater a gay
wedding even though it's against your
religious belief because that's
violating the things of God that does
the state intruding on the things of God
which is exactly what the left wants but
I do think we have to be able to argue
with people about laws in secular terms
I think we have to be able to argue with
people about about the government in
secular terms but I think you're talking
about though which is also important is
when you don't have share common
premises it's very hard to have an
argument at all the other day I was
talking about the discussion I had with
Edward phase or the philosopher and one
of the moments that I really liked in
the conversation was I disagreed with
him about the application of natural law
to human sexuality and I put forward my
ideas and he put forward his ideas and I
just basically then backed off and let
the audience decide which of us made a
better case it was me but of course I
didn't want to say that at the time but
but the point is we share a premise
fazer and I share a premise that is that
people have a purpose that there is a
natural law that you can logically reach
move toward that natural law and so we
could have that argument when you're
dealing with leftist I really believe
that the good thing to do is to start
with premises and I do this when I go
and speak which I don't do all that
often I probably should do it more but
when I go and speak I always begin by
saying this is what I believe and I've
talked for a minute to two minutes on
the fun what freedom means to me and why
I think it restricts certain things well
I I think that believing in freedom
means for instance we can't be equal we
can't be equal because the only way for
me to stop somebody from being better
than me is to make him worse as to force
him to be worse and that's taking away
his freedom so when you're talking to
leftist I think it's
really really good idea to a not talk
about personalities and I talk about
Trump did this and Obama did this and to
stop them every time they do it because
they will continually revert to it but
to talk about your premises because you
might not agree on those premises and
then that's what you have to be debating
how can you debate about guns for
instance this is what I love so much
about cooks piece is that he got back to
the basics he got back to the premises
of the debate without letting guys like
Kimmel and Chuck Todd sway the debate to
the emotional needs of the moment but to
keep the eternal ideas the premises in
line so talk about premises first talk
about premises don't talk about people
that is the way to hold debates with the
left from Ricardo Grande sear Clavin how
do we know we have free will
well you know know is a weird word but
let's do it this way play out the logic
of your philosophy you always have to do
this you have to do this with people who
say there's no God you have to do with
people who say there's no free will if
you play out the logic of your
philosophy and you say there is no free
will then everything is a machine right
we're just machines and not only is our
life predetermined every step of it but
the entire universe is predetermined
from the beginning right because there's
no free will
there's no place for accident there's no
place for chaos there's no place for
choice to change anything so everything
that's gonna happen it has to happen
try living your life that way try living
if your that your life that way for 15
minutes and see how far you get you will
know that you have free will back
knowing that you have free will now if
what you're saying is do you have free
will in the mind of God that like in
other words can God see what you're
going to do before you do it I would say
that that is a question about time and
the mind of God God sees things I God
sees things so differently from us that
we can't even make that comparison and
your business is not to live God's life
God's business is still of God's life
yours is to live your life you can't
live it without acting as if you have
freewill
so what would be the point of denying it
all right from Jake
dear His Majesty Supreme Grand Moff
cleave nor of the best words master of
hilarity I am a Christian and I am
always moved by the way you talk about
your faith
question is how do you know God's voice
from your own thoughts what a great
question thank you for considering my
question despite the lack of the best
words this is a long subject to go into
so I won't be able to say everything I
want to say first of all knowing the
Word of God which what a Christians call
that discernment they they always have
this Christianese words for things that
I never know but it's discernment
knowing being able to discern the voice
of God from your own emotions in your
own thought is is something that you
should be working on all the time the
rewards are so tremendous and the
rewards in your life and the way you
live your life are so huge that if
you're not putting some time into it
every day I would say you're actually
missing out you're missing out on one of
the great rewards of knowing God and
being in a relationship with God so so
how do you do it let's talk for a minute
about the difference between emotion and
sensation okay one of the things that's
confusing to people is when you say well
I just know that's wrong and people
think that that's emotional it's not
always emotional there is a difference
between emotion and sensation let me
give you an example from sports in
sports there are things you have to do
that require an intense zen-like
concentration by hitting a golf ball
hitting a baseball I I was a tennis
player for a while doing a serve and it
requires you to let go of all your
emotions and just do something with your
body thoughtlessly in order to do that
you have to get rid of your emotions but
you have to be in touch with your
sensation you have to be able to feel
that it's right what you're doing it
right okay if you're worried about oh my
gosh I'm gonna miss oh my goodness I'm
gonna lose or on the head now I'm gonna
lose I'm gonna get nervous right your
tennis server or your golf swing falls
apart you have to just let your emotion
your emotions go away but allow your
sensations to take over or allow
yourself to feel and and when you do it
right it becomes incredibly easy if you
want to hear the voice of God if you
want to hear my voice if you want to
hear anybody's voice you got to talk to
them right you want to hear you hear me
you got to listen to the show you want
to hear you know talk to Austin you've
got to talk to Austin if you want to
hear God's voice you've got to talk to
God
as you talked to God and you should be
doing it every day and you can talk to
God shouldn't you well I'm not gonna
tell you how to pray you pray your own
way but it should be your own way
you know it's it's one thing to pray by
rote it's another thing to say every day
oh please give me this please give me
that help me help me help me it's
another to actually converse with your
maker who wants to hear from you and
wants to respond to you as you talk to
God you're gonna find that there are
obstacles in communicating with God one
that I that I have had is sometimes
confusing God with my father like
expecting reactions from God which
really were reactions that I would have
expected from my father wasn't that good
at being a father so that I would say oh
wait oh wait you know that's actually
not God now how do I know that it's
actually not God well I read God's book
I read the New Testament I read both
Testaments but I read the Bible and I
see where what Jesus is telling me about
God about his love for me about his
concern for me about the way he wants
the things he wants me to do the love
that he puts at the center of all his
commandments and I know that when I'm
hearing something that doesn't isn't in
keeping with that I I know it and I
don't know what emotionally I know it by
sensation right I have the sensation of
of peace and completion and natural you
talk about natural law of a natural
relationship coming about so as I talk
to God I get a clearer sense of who God
is just as I get that sense from reading
about him and sometimes from reading
other people I mean you can read
somebody I read Joel Osteen and got a
bad sense of God you know I would read
that and think no that can't be right
that doesn't make any sense I was using
my rational mind to get past past that
but as you talk to God you know you will
it becomes clearer to you who God is and
you struggle with your own emotions you
know deep down and God knows always what
your emotions want you know so if you're
sitting there saying boy you know I'm
married but I really like this other
girl should I cheat on or you know you
know there's something in your heart is
saying yeah sure you know it's like you
have to start to distinguish whether
that's the voice of God or not and so
there is a quality of sensation which
means that thing that you know just
because you know it you know like the
the Supreme Court judge who said I I
can't define pornography but I know it
when I see it
you will learn to know the voice of God
if you work at knowing the voice of God
you will know it as a sensation a
sensation of calm and I get a sense of
joy and connection and I know ah yes
that's how I have hit the jackpot I
question it I question when when God
essentially told me almost with a voice
that I should be baptized
I tore tchard myself for five months
that's what I wrote my book about the
great good thing is about my struggle is
that the voice of God or is it me it
took me five months to figure that out
but in the end I went through all the
rational processes I went through all my
emotions I analyzed all my emotions
analyzed all my logic and in the end I
reached that point where my sensation
was ah yes this is something that has
been said to me I have never regretted
it it has been a great source of this is
that I mean I could go on but that is
the thing the thing is to learn the
voice of God he got to be talking to God
you got to be reading God's Word you got
to be thinking thinking it through don't
expect to know it like on that day I
mean learn it and you will learn to
recognize the voice just as you
recognize my voice I call my wife I
don't say hi it's Andrew Clavin I say hi
it's me and she says oh it's him because
she knows my voice you will learn to
know the sound of God's voice one more
okay from John what did you read that
gave you the inspiration to be a writer
or was that an innate desire of yours
well it was a combination this also the
great good thing you know people really
it's got almost 400 reviews on Amazon
and it's 5 stars it's still at 5 stars
and it's gotten even more on audible
it's called the great good thing a
secular Jew comes to faith in Christ but
it's also about my journey as a novelist
and a writer and I talk about this a lot
first of all I was because I was a very
unhappy kid hard to believe now like
I've lived - I really have lived two
lives but like because I was an unhappy
kid I got to be I became a chronic
daydreamer I escaped into daydreams and
because I'm a very rational person my
daydreams always had to make sense and
so I couldn't just say I'll have a
daydream about having superpowers I'd
always have to say well how did you get
superpowers
did I come from another planet or did I
drink some serum or something so I
started to build stories in my head and
I got to be very good it wasn't very
healthy way to live but it was a good
way to start to develop my sense of
storytelling and then as I got older and
I started to read because I was I was
not in a good relationship with my
father I had no male role models and I
began to look for male role models in
fiction so I began to really like the
tough-guy writers American tough-guy
writers Ernest Hemingway the detective
writers Dashiell Hammett and James M
Cain but my favorite of all was Raymond
Chandler and I think it may have been
Chandler above all who made me think
this is what I want to do this kind of
writing is what I want to do and what I
loved about Chandler is that his his
detective Philip Marlowe one of the
first of the great tough-guy detectives
had in his mind a sense of chivalry and
and he carried with him into this
corrupt LA in which he worked this sense
of old-fashioned chivalry and he knew he
was out of place and he knew he was
always gonna take it on the chin because
he was trying to be a knight and as he
says in the big sleep his first the
first novel he says this is not a game
for Knights you know he's playing chess
with himself and he says it's not a game
for Knights so but I I really admired
that
and it was by following the logic of
knights and an armor that I found King
Arthur and by finding King Arthur I
started to wonder about Christianity
because there's a lot of Christian myths
in King Arthur so that was another way
that I started to come to God not only
to God but also to become a write of the
great good thing you should you should
buy it it's really good a good thing
that secular Jew comes to faith in
Christ all right tickety-boo news
good guy in my house but I come home my
mom um you know we talked a lot about
the NFL and I'm not gonna go into this
forever but on Monday Night Football was
the Kansas City Chiefs I think over the
Washington Redskins their ratings are
tanking their ratings are tanking
because they are disrespecting the flag
which i think is wrong to do again I
think they have the right to do it but I
think they're doing the wrong thing and
I've laid this out both on the show and
on my blog at the pga media that i think
it is wrong because it is the flag that
protects their right to disrespect it
it's the flag that links us all together
and makes us care about them and it's
the flag that represents the justice
that they are looking for the players
are looking for I'm John King it's CNN
says he is information that the owners
so far are supporting the players in
their protests but they ain't happy can
you play the John King cut have we got
that NFL loan is so far siding with
their players for their right to free
speech but they're also keeping close
tabs on the financial impact and the
public relations impact of this
confrontation I'm told the owners have
research clearly showing the president
is right when he says the anthem
protests are one factor in a TV ratings
drop and since the president weighed in
the owners are now dealing with a surge
in ticket holder requests for refunds
other sports leagues are watching this
quite closely the NBA season for example
kicks off in a little more than two
weeks and the NBA headquarters this week
reminded teams and the players of the
league's long-standing policy requiring
players to stand during the national
anthem there are however some ongoing
conversations about alternative ways for
the players to show their displeasure
the reason I think this is a good thing
is not because I'm gleeful at the NFL
being punished for their what I think
are their bad acts I think they're doing
the wrong thing and disrespecting the
flag but the reason I think this is a
good thing is because it is evidence
that something the Trump is doing is
really working well I have problems with
Trump I think I talked about this on
Monday I have problems with Trump's bad
manners I have troubles with his
bullying attitude I don't like the fact
that in order to fight back against the
bullying of the left we have had to
become bullies like
through Trump I don't like that fact
because because if we keep stooping to
each other's level we're eventually
gonna end up underneath the floor but
but it has been effective when you see
the bullying and that was emotional
bullying you saw at the opening of the
show Jimmy Kimmel when you know that
every single comedian is on the same
side every sad you know I keep going
through this routine but it's true every
single newsman every single Paula you
know academic every single research or
all the sciences you know when it
they're all run by these left wingers
you need a voice to speak back Trump has
become that voice and he's the only one
powerful enough to be that voice
what you're seeing is you're seen the
premises remember we're talking about
premises you're seeing the premise of
the conversation shifting back from the
Obama years in the Obama years it was us
defending the country saying the country
is a good place but the premise of the
conversation was that the country was
wrong America had something to apologize
for America was the reason black people
were having trouble America was had
never done anything but kill Indians and
enslave blacks now suddenly through
Trump mainly the conversation is
shifting back suddenly we're saying no
no no wait a minute you can protest but
the reason you can protest is because
you're an American we care about you
black NFL players but we care about you
because you're our fellow Americans so
don't disrespect the flag the premises
are shifting back to what I think is
reality the reality is this country has
been a force for good since its
inception it has changed the nature of
the entire governance of the world
remember there were no Republic's on
earth when America was first founded now
even the Soviet Union had to call its
satellites republics remembers the Union
of Soviet Socialist Republics they had
to lie about being republics because we
have made Republic the standard for
governance we have made the freedom of
the people the standard for governance
and when they say why aren't we more
like Europe the question really should
be why isn't Europe more like us why
isn't everybody more like us Trump has
actually through his belligerents
through his bullying some of which I
don't like he has actually shifted the
premise of the conversation back to the
right and he will continue I hope to do
that we have a mona Charen tomorrow one
of my favorites we're gonna talk about
campus rape in the sexual revolution
and other fun topics be here for that
I'm Andrew Clavin this is the Andrew
Clavin show
