all right we got a great show the media
reaction to Trump's UN speech was
absolutely hilarious fear and loathing
all around and not just for the UN
speech but for the new Republican health
care bill and not just on the news but
on late-night comedy it's like a
relentless assault of propaganda passing
for news and entertainment we will pull
it apart slowly and painfully listening
to it scream Plus what's the difference
between celibacy abstinence and chastity
we will address that when we answer your
mailbag questions about sex and on
tickety-boo news so help me I have a
story about black lives matter that will
make you say hey I kind of like those
guys I promise but first reactions to
president Trump's first speech before
the United Nations General Assembly are
still coming in Trump's speech condemns
socialism Islamism Iran North Korea and
Venezuela and also had some tough words
for the UN itself and for the Iran deal
of the last president what's-his-name
barky O'Hara something like that it's
hard to remember now that his legacy is
just a flaming pile of drifting ash
wafting away to nothingness on the balmy
breezes of history but anyway it was a
speech that shocked the United Nations
because it featured the truth and funny
nicknames for dictators and happy
Israelis things that haven't been seen
at the UN since it became a stinking
cesspit of corrupt bureaucrats fronted
by scurrilous tyrants which happened
about a week and a half after it was
founded in 1945 so predictably reactions
were intense North Korean leader Kim
jong-un for instance reacted to Trump's
threat to totally destroy his country by
laughing defiantly until he burst a hole
through his stomach flew up into the air
and flittered around the room making a
high-pitched squealing noise like a
deflating balloon until there was
nothing left of him but a wrinkled army
uniform and a rock-hard rectangle of
black hair Venezuelan leaders reacted to
Trump's declaration that socialism was
an impressive and discredited ideology
by running out of the room and sending
texts back to the government reading
uh-oh
big mistake ixnay on the osha lism say
apparently no one had explained to them
about the history of the last hundred
years Bernie Sanders was also upset to
hear about the whole socialism his bad
thing I'm beginning to think my entire
political
career has been a great big screw-up
sander said in an exclusive interview
with his Che Guevara t-shirt also maybe
that honeymoon in the Soviet Union
wasn't such a good idea after all
in the news media journalists reacted
with their usual objectivity and calm at
the New York Times a former newspaper
column columnist Charles blowme wrote
quote we're all going to die Trump is
going to war with everyone death death
death
har-har-har I'm writing this in an
underground bunker that has become the
headquarters of the resistance anyone
who can hear me follow the sound of my
voice so that we can begin to build a
new community like at the end of I am
Legend only with me in charge instead of
Will Smith and instead of blowing myself
up at the end I just pick up a paycheck
for writing hysterical garbage like this
and then I go home unquote other
reactions in the news media included
wolf Blitzer's wordless sobbing Don
Lemon staring blankly into the camera
with his lower lip trembling and Chris
Cuomo running around in widening circles
until he got stuck in the corner of the
studio and had to be pried out with the
jaws of life Donald Trump meanwhile is
already at work on his next UN speech
tentatively titled mess with me losers
and I'll nuke you all trigger warning
I'm Andrew Clavin and this is the Andrew
Klavan show
we also sing see Topsy is a teasing it's
a wonder
all right I think everybody just has to
calm down after that speech maybe they
should all do a little single nostril
breathing but you know you do hold and
you breathe through one and you hold it
and then you exhale through the other
and you keep going so much better now
all right it's mailbag day we have had
some amazing questions and we'll take a
look at the news media but first first I
know what you're thinking you're looking
at me and you're thinking how does he
get his head so perfect and the reason
is I have belonged for a long time even
before they were sponsors to the Dollar
Shave Club dollarshaveclub.com I got so
tired of going to the drugstore and you
reach into the thing you reach into the
shelf to get the razors and an alarm
goes off and then three guys have to
come and help you and you're lucky they
don't arrest you and all this stuff so I
actually heard about this on Hannity and
I thought I just want to hear if when
Hannity recommends something it really
is good so I joined the Dollar Shave
Club and it's great it really is I have
a lot of territory a lot of real estate
I got a shave and I started out getting
there simple what did they call it
double is the humble humble duet or
something like that and I started
shaving with that it was excellent
excellent blade they send it to you
right in the mail you just pick it you
can get there what if they have that oh
the shave butter which is actually
better
it's called dr. Carver's shea butter is
actually better than shaving foam it
really works well then when I got them
as sponsors they sent me there's premium
blades and this thing I know it's a
hundred and fifty I don't know how many
blades are on there maybe six or
something but you shave with it and it
just keeps shaving for the rest of the
day you know it's like your follicles
scream anyway it is absolutely great
great shave at a great price and when
you put them together when you use that
executive play with shea butter it's
amazing you can make the smarter choice
by joining Dollar Shave Club for a
limited time new members get their first
month of the executive razor with a tube
of the dr. Carver shave butter for only
five bucks with Free Shipping and after
that razors are just a few bucks a month
that's a 15 dollar value for
five bucks in your first month box you
get an awesome weighty handle a full
cassette of four cartridges and a tube
of their shaved butter after your first
month replacement cartridges ship
automatically at their regular price and
if you don't want in that month you just
press the little button says skip this
month and and they won't send them there
are no hidden fees no commitments
canceled anytime you like and you can
only get this offer exclusively at
Dollar Shave Club com / Clavin go ahead
let's get it how do you spell Clavin the
man can learn he can learn these and use
route tools and maybe stand upright one
day
that's dollarshaveclub.com slash Clavin
it's a good deal and it really is really
is so much easier than just getting
those disposable razors all done alright
you got the heat radiating from the TV
screen it's amazing it's not just the
news it's every late-night comedy show
they've come they thrown comedy away
there's just all propaganda so let's
start with the news because the one
thing that actually came out yesterday
was Bret Baier was interviewing the
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and
asked him you know Trump came down
pretty hard on this on Obama's Iran deal
at the during his UN speech and he asked
Tillerson is this thing going to be off
the table
and this is this is a complicated
question because Obama set this deal up
so that we gave them all the stuff first
and now we're just waiting for them to
comply and secondly they can comply with
the letter of the law they can comply
with the letter of the deal and still
prepare to have nuclear weapons in 14
years when the deal sunsets then the
deal is over and all this time they've
been getting all the ancillary stuff
they need so it's really I mean Obama
really set this up badly and I don't
know why I don't know what he was
thinking and why he thought it was such
a great idea to deal with some of the
worst actors in the country here is
Tillerson reacting on how the Trump
administration feels about this deal has
cut to the Iranian threat to the region
is much broader than defined as simply
by the nuclear talks our relationship
with Iran from a security standpoint
threat standpoint is much broader than
that as is the entire region and we've
really got to begin to deal with Iran's
destabilizing activities in Yemen in
Syria and the president highlighted that
today that under the agreement the
spirit of the agreement if you want to
use that word but even the words of the
preamble of the agreement there was
clearly an expectation I think on the
part of all of the parties to that
agreement that by signing this nuclear
agreement Iran would begin to move to a
place where wanted to integrate
reintegrate itself with its neighbors
and that clearly did not happen in fact
Iran has stepped up its destabilizing
activities in the region and we have to
deal with that and so whether we deal
with it through a renegotiation on
nuclear or we deal with it in other ways
so you know that's it's pretty harsh
talk I mean they really are dealing with
this and so before before we go back to
the reaction to Trump's speech and it
was a hard-nosed real politic speech
before we go back let's just go back
once more to Obama's speech here's a
little montage of Obama's last time last
speech to the UN that I'm not gonna play
the whole thing the video is called 11
times Obama talked down the US and his
final UN speech but listen to this
dithering tone that he takes when he's
talking about our country to the world
yes in America there is too much money
in politics too much din trance
partisanship too too little
participation by citizens in part
because of a patchwork of laws that
makes it harder to vote while we've made
our share of mistakes over these last 25
years and I've acknowledged some we have
strived sometimes at great sacrifice to
align better our actions with our ideals
and we can only realize the promise of
this institution's founding to replace
the ravages of war with cooperation if
powerful nations like my own accept
constraints go ahead dunderhead this guy
was I'm so glad he's gone you know you
know his problem was that he looked at
the world as if we were in a
relationship you know like like you
apologize to your wife and then
forgives you and you move on because
you're in this relationship these guys
are competitors and enemies you know a
lot of these guys are competitors and
enemies and every inch you give they
come in and move in to take the next
inch kind of like the left in general
anyway so Trump goes out there and he
says basically we are a force for good
and here are the bad guys Venezuela with
it socialism Iran with his tyranny North
Korea with its crazy rocket man as he
called them and you know we're sick of
this we're watching the UN to see if you
can deal with this and if you don't deal
with it we will and that's what Trump
says here is a montage of CNN reacting
to the speech just it's amazing so this
is a guy who goes around thumbing his
nose at international entities and
international attempts to confront
global challenges this was a very somber
arc speech if you will wolf and I'm
remember thinking back to the first
appearance that President Obama made
here in 2009 as president of course a
far different reception of course he had
a booming enthusiastic applause it was
remarkable to see a leader of any
country but the president of the United
States standing in the well of the
United Nations General Assembly
threatening to totally destroy not
retaliate not hurt not isolate not prove
a point
totally destroy a country and I spoke a
short time ago to a senior UN diplomat
who described it to me this way saying
that he diplomats around him were taken
aback he described as to me like a wind
had gone through the room when the
president uttered those words we will
totally destroy North Korea said it was
an emotional reaction to those words
about North Korea that particularly
sparked a reaction in that room audible
gasps I'm told extremely unusual an
emotional reaction as this diplomat said
it's really frightening to hear an
American president talked about
obliterating any other country the axis
of evil speech that George W Bush gave
was certainly frightening and got
controversial to a lot of people but he
didn't go that far
Oh boobie they had an emotional reaction
no people that they UN they had an
emotional yeah these guys need to calm
that they you know what they need they
need a little single
nostril breathing anything but you know
you do hold and you breathe through one
and you hold it and then you exhale
through the other and you keep going
so speaking speaking of Hillary Clinton
Stephen Colbert has Iran to react to the
speech now first of all this is Stephen
Colbert right so it's like not only are
you getting the propaganda from CNN and
out of all the other news people the
same was the same way you're now getting
it from your late-night comedy stores
right you're getting it from your
late-night entertainment shows he brings
on Hillary Clinton now let's just
remember okay Hillary Clinton is the
Secretary of State who brought the big
red reset button Union which they were
like all good we blow up love marriage
they were just disappointed when they
press the button that nothing exploded
also she's the Secretary of State who
pushed the administration to kill off
Qaddafi now this is a big deal because
Gadhafi remember got scared of george w
bush and he gave up his nuke program and
his weapons of mass destruction program
and then Hillary Clinton's insistence we
killed you know we basically you know
let him let him lose power which first
of all plunged Libya into complete
disarray and let it become a terrorist
playground but also it sent a message to
guys like Kim jong-un in North Korea
give up your weapons and we'll kill you
you know I mean Kim jong-un loosing it
I'm not gonna not throw in the Libya
thing because that's not gonna work out
well for me so this is a complete
incompetent but we got to hear how she
would have given this speech and of
course I'm sure she's been practicing it
in front of the mirror ever since she
lost the election what the speech she
would have given to the UN here it is
well of course when you face dangerous
situations like what is happening in
North Korea to make it clear your first
approach should always be diplomatic
what I'd hope the president would have
said was something along the lines of
you know we view this as dangerous to
our allies to the region and even to our
country we call on all nations to work
with us to try to end the threat posed
by Kim jong-un
and not call him rocket man the old
Elton John song but to say clearly we
will not tolerate any attacks on our our
friends or ourselves but you should lead
with diplomacy yeah no one ever thought
of that before you know it's not like we
have we haven't tried we've tried
diplomacy on this guy that's all we've
been doing and all Trump has been doing
he's been trying and trying diplomacy
this guy's not listening and there comes
a point when he has got the capability
kim jeong-hoon has got the capability to
fire nuclear weapons into LA when you
can't attack him anymore then it then
the military options are off the table
so we already you know it's like we
haven't been doing this you know Lee
Smith had a piece of tablet mag where he
said Democrats and Republican elites are
using Trump to whitewash 16 years of
foreign policy disasters and I think
that is absolutely true he writes the
policies of the Bush White House
beginning with the wars in Afghanistan
and Iraq and then the ostensibly
corrective policies of the Obama
administration which culminated in the
Iran deal and the ongoing slaughter in
Syria have sucked nearly the entire
American foreign policy elite into a
black hole of denial of their own shared
responsibility for a self-evident
geopolitical disaster that began in the
destruction of the Middle East but is
unlikely to end there that's why both
parties are in agreement on one thing
shift the blame it's not on us
Republicans or Democrats Trump is the
problem we can all agree on let's wipe
the slate clean and agree that history
started in January 2017 in any effort to
argue otherwise and put Trump his
policies and even personality in some
sort of historical context rather than
simply regard him as a freakish anomaly
is what about ism or trumpism or worse
and that's exactly exactly what's
happening hey we have the mailbag coming
up some really really interesting
questions but it comes on after the
break so if you're watching on facebook
and youtube you'll have to come over to
the daily wire.com and listen to it but
but you could subscribe for a lousy 10
bucks a month and you could subscribe
for allies allows you 10 bucks a month
then you can watch the whole thing right
on the site plus you can send questions
into the mailbag the thing about
questions can ask about anything sex
religion politics the answers are
guaranteed 100% correct and will change
your life on occasion for the better if
you subscribe for a year it's only a
hundred lousy bucks and you get the
leftist tears mug the leftist tears mug
which fills up automatically with
leftist tears when any whenever Donald
Trump speaks before the UN so we're
gonna go on it I'm going to continue a
little bit on this says on the subject
of these the late-night propaganda the
late-night comedy propaganda because it
goes on and on and it really is worth
looking at but first let's talk about
stake you know the thing is it's fall
now and even in California temperatures
have dropped to maybe seventy five
degrees or something but pretty soon
it's gonna be a little hard to have
those grills so you want to start doing
it now and you want your friends to be
able to do it too and Omaha Steaks is a
new offer that is a gift that you can
send to your friends you can also buy it
for yourself if you want but it is a
huge huge gifts one-of-a-kind gift for
food lovers or even for yourself it
includes gourmet Omaha Steaks and meats
plus a weber kettle grill and
accessories everything is delivered
everything is guaranteed there's no
other gift like this it gives an
experience that they're going to
remember and they'll remember you every
time they cook steaks and use their
grill these foods
I have eaten their stuff the meat is
really of a very very special quality it
is really good this is the only way to
give and get and give the best food gift
ever tons of genuine tons of Philly
mignons New York strips rib eyes t-bone
steaks gourmet brats signature burgers
pork chops chicken breast Omaha Steaks
gourmet steak rubs charcoal chimney
starter digital meat thermometer and a
complete grilling toolset it's only 499
dollars just a little 500 bucks you get
this huge huge giant selection of meats
plus everything you need to start
grilling today and you'll get that 22
inch Weber original kettle grill just
for my listeners this new package
delivers for only $4.99 that's four
hundred and ninety-nine dollars go to
Omaha yeah I don't want to say five
bucks is four hundred ninety nine
dollars and worth
obviously go to Omaha Steaks calm type
Andrew in the search bar and choose your
ultimate Omaha Steaks experience again
visit Omaha Steaks comm and enter code
Andrew in the search bar to get this
one-of-a-kind experience today you can
send it to your friends it also has a
smoking experience and a sous vide
experience which is available now 100%
guarantee try it out really good food
all right are we gonna break out we'll
break here for Facebook and YouTube if
you want to listen to the rest of the
show comes with a daily wire.com
subscribe and you can watch it right
there just a lousy 10 bucks a month and
for a year it's only a lousy hundred
bucks and you get the leftist tears
tumblr
all right so we do the UN speech and you
watch the news all day and then at the
end of the day you want to relax with a
little comedy forget about it okay now
the Republicans have also got are now
pushing forward they're pushing forward
on this new attempt to improve Obama
care and the idea is mostly that they
are going to push some of the funding to
this for the states and I think it is an
excellent first step it's not what we
want we want this thing gone but it is
an excellent first step to push it to
the states and let the state's work it
out because then you have the state's
laboratory and ultimately states can
start to get out of Obamacare if they
want to this is Lindsey Graham he was on
Fox pushing the program and he says he
thinks he can get the 50 votes I think
we'll get 50 votes for a block grant
what we do is we repeal the individual
mandate the employer mandate we take all
the money would have spent on Obamacare
and block grant it back to the states by
2026 here's the question for the
Republican Party do we have the same
determination to repeal Obamacare as
Democrats had to pass it I'll say this
to the Republican Party if you walk away
and you give up we'll never get over
this see they know this now they know
this is true because they have already
failed to do this once and they've only
got like 12 days I think it is before
the reconciliation process which allows
them to pass it with 51 votes is over
right so they've they're up against a
deadline they know if they go home
empty-handed they are really going to
get it in the midterm election so far
it's hard to say John McCain was the guy
who got in the way last time remember
the governor of Arizona has endorsed
this he has endorsed this so maybe
that'll affect McCain Rand Paul I know a
lot of you love Rand Paul I just I am
very suspicious of him I think he's a
fake
I think Rand Paul is a fake I think he
poses he in everything the the good is
never good enough for him you know it's
never good enough if this is an
improvement he's always got a you know
at first he said well I don't think we
should just repeal I think we need to
repeal and replace then when they were
gonna repeal and replace well this
doesn't repeal it doesn't replace now
he's saying this you know as a doctor
I don't think there's anybody in America
who probably hates Obamacare and thinks
it's a disaster for us more than I do
but this isn't repeal you heard it in a
clip from Senator Graham this keeps the
Obama care spending keeps well over 90
percent of the spending and the taxes
and then what it does is it reshuffles
the money and it takes it from Democrat
states and gives it to Republican states
I think it's gonna end up looking once
people look at this bill like a petty
partisan bill that doesn't really fix
the problem because really what we're
doing is or what they want to do is
reshuffle the money redistribute it from
Republican to Democrat States but
basically keep all of the Obamacare
money and taxes in place
that's not repeatable you know I do not
think rent I think Rand Paul is posing I
think this purism plays to his audience
it plays to his voters and I just don't
think it's real I think you know this is
a win that the Republicans need it's a
win that Trump wants and we you know we
would prefer if Trump wasn't dancing
with Chuck and Nancy all the time and
was sometimes doing things that with
Republicans and it is a step it is a
step toward getting rid of Obamacare
maybe all right a step toward maybe
getting rid of Obamacare but doing
nothing just puts this thing it
immortalized as the sink she used Rand
Paul's own word it immortalizes
Obamacare if you do nothing because
they'll never get rid of it they won't
let it die they won't let it collapse
they will fund it ultimately Rand Paul
should get out of the way that's he's
he's wrong he's just wrong and I just
don't buy his routine but here's the
thing I wanted to get to right so you're
watching the news and on the news it's
cruel remember daka's cruel Trump is
cruel ba-ba-ba-ba-ba Jimmy Kimmel do you
remember his kid like Shapiro's kid had
open-heart surgery and Jimmy Kimmel went
on and he cried and oh we need Obamacare
because everybody you know has to be
able to now he goes on now remember this
is his monologue remember what a
late-night monologue used to be you'd
come honey - he used to be funny they
tell some jokes they tell some jokes
about the Democrats they cells from
jokes about the Republicans you know
we'd ever side you were on you'd kind of
grumble through the jokes against your
side and you'd laugh at the jokes with
against the other side but you got them
both you got them both
is a monologue from Jimmy Kimmel today
about the health care bill not only did
Bill Cassidy fail the Jimmy Kimmel test
he failed the bill Cassidy test he
failed his own test and you don't see
that happen very much this bill he came
up with is actually worse than the one
that thank God
Republicans like Susan Collins and Lisa
Murkowski and John McCain torpedoed over
the summer and I hope they have the
courage and good sense to do that again
with this one because these other guys
who claim they want Americans to have
better health care even though eight
years ago they don't want to anyone have
health care at all they're trying to
sneak this scam of a billy cooked up in
without an analysis from the bipartisan
congressional budget office boy that's
some funny stuff that's some funny when
he when he the way the timing with which
he said the Congressional Budget Office
I mean it just cracks me up it's just
like I decide hurts from laughing I I
know I know it's just an amazing amazing
you know his writers he must have what
you know I haven't I have no writers to
write my opening I write my opening
myself i I just make it up off the top
my head you guys got like but 2025
writers on that show and that's that's
their comedy styling he couldn't even go
on and attack it wittily you know I mean
he couldn't even go on and make jokes
about it he's just gonna sit there Jimmy
Kimmel expert on health care and lecture
the audience about you know he needs to
calm down you know he needs to do he
needs to do a little single nostril
breathing I think but you know you do
hold and you breathe through one and you
hold it and then you exhale through the
other and you keep going I have so much
better already
you know one of these days one of these
days Steve Crowder did a hilarious
routine the other day on on Jimmy Fallon
interviewing Stalin with with Crowder
playing Stalin and one day this is it's
like like my my satire is being
overtaken by reality one day talk shows
are going to actually look like this so
tell me about this thing communism
sounds the Russian winter a man is only
what he can endure every man can have
pet dog but which of you man can eat
that dog
that's great it's like dog food I mean
you must love hot dogs right in Russia
to read them in America that you have
has turned your brain to mush it is turn
your men into women like your family
your neighbors will look away when we
take you they always look away
that's so great I mean is the best
ladies and gentlemen please give it up
for Joseph stout and nobody stop
clapping did you like it you killed that
guy home your wife and children inspired
satire but one day that's what talk
shows are actually gonna look like oh
it's Joseph Stalin I love that guy's
great great
there's Owen Benjamin doing an excellent
dish Jimmy Fallon friend of Crowder's
that's the future of TV anyway pure hate
and pure propaganda but don't worry
about it
because it's good for us you know this
is good for us they isolate themselves
the Emmys when they just you know rail
on us and hate on us it isolates them
from us and when and if Trump gets them
some of the stuff he wants and win and
if the economy takes off and things
smooth out as I hope they will and the
country really starts grinding you know
the the economy really starts working as
it's already starting to just because
the businesses are reacting to what he's
doing behind the scenes with the
regulations and things like this these
guys are gonna look like idiots and
suddenly people are gonna say you know
what I'd like to turn on a comedy show
and see comedy just I don't know call me
crazy but that's just something I'd like
to do I'd like to see a comedian tell
jokes and maybe not maybe I'd like to go
to a movie where the actress doesn't
give herself an award and then spit in
my face for the person I vote for maybe
I'd like that so they're just isolating
themselves and I think the worse they
get the more power ultimately we have
and the more power we in the right-wing
media have because people will come and
find out that you know we ain't so bad
maybe mailbag all right all right from
David mr. Clavin as a Christian do you
believe that there is an afterlife
yes that is an easy question I know I do
believe it I try not to think about it
too much because I believe this life is
very important and this life is the I
believe that we should take the step in
front of us walk the road right in front
of us that's what God wants us to do and
this is the road in front of us this
life but the thing about the afterlife
the thing about the resurrection of
Christ which was in a way a proof
of this afterlife and a forerunner of
the afterlife what did st. Paul call it
the firstfruits of the afterlife is that
it changed it it approves it proves your
sense of morality because we all feel we
all feel that there are things that are
more important than life when a man
sacrifices himself for freedom we our
hearts lift up to that if there's no
afterlife
he's kind of a fool what is he
sacrificing himself for a man you know
doesn't go after immediate pleasure but
instead goes after the things that
deepen and enrich him why why if there's
no afterlife the afterlife actually what
it does is it says to you that the game
you're playing is a longer game than it
appears and that changes the entire
balance of morality right I mean because
a guy who said hey you know let's eat
drink and be merry for tomorrow we die
would be absolutely right if he wasn't
trying to develop something that lasted
longer than life a lot of people anti
Christians say well that's just doing
good for a reward but no that's not
right it is look at it it's taking a
long view it is saying just like I go to
the gym and I maybe it might be hard to
do if if but it it's conducive to living
a good life now it makes me healthy now
I exercise to be to be in good shape now
and so in my life is good now and that
is what happens as a Christian when you
live into the future life when you live
into eternity your life becomes better
now and that's kind of a proof in a way
I won't call it a proof but it's an
indication that your belief in an
afterlife is a real belief but as I say
I try not to think about it too much
because I think this life is kind of
important and I think we're doing
important stuff here dear Andrew I'm a
gay Christian conservative is the best
option for me to live a godly life to be
celibate okay
this so I get this question a lot or
questions like it a lot and I always
take a lot of a huge hammering after I
answer it but I'm not gonna stop okay
I'm gonna take the hammer I'm gonna
answer I have to thank my son Spencer
who is a brilliant brilliant guy and who
kind of
help me work this out in my mind and
explain some of the things that he knows
about the church and and some of this is
just direct Church teaching you're using
the wrong word when you use celibate
okay you're not you you're not called
celibate is a positive thing that you
are called on to be I do not have that
calling you know you you a lot of people
Jesus says this he says some people are
called to it some people are not you are
called to celibacy as a positive thing
it is a thing that you feel is gonna
make you closer to God and it is not
because you don't like your sexuality it
is not because you think sex is icky it
is because there's something in you that
says this is my way to God I mean in the
same way I feel called to do certain
things with my life like make beautiful
stuff that is something that I feel
called to do your call to celibacy then
there is chastity and all of us should
live I think all Christians certainly
should live with chastity chastity is
the fact that we don't live in to our
physical desires we live in to our
spiritual good right so you know I've
been married faithfully for a very long
time there were days when some beautiful
girl walked by or flirted with me or
said you know she was available when
that was a difficult thing to do I had
to say no you know I'm not gonna go with
my body here I'm going to go with my
commitment and my love and my family and
the things that really really matter to
me instead of 30 minutes of like you
know friction with some Dame I'm never
gonna see again so that's that's
chastity okay
what you are talking about is a gay
Christian conservative is you are
talking about abstinence abstinence is
when you feel there's a negative thing I
don't mean negative morally I mean it's
a negative action when you feel that you
are going to refrain from doing
something because that thing would be
bad so for instance if you were
attracted to children you would practice
abstinence because that would be rape
you were not going to commit the rape
even though you were you are saddled
with that desire you're not going to do
it that would be absent so what you're
asking me is as a gay Christian
conservative should you be absent and I
will tell you my answer which is I think
that is a question that you bring to God
the question is this the question is
this
would a loving relationship with a
person of the same sex would it take you
away from God toward the flesh or would
it take you toward God and the spirit
and that as a person who is not gay that
is a question that I can't answer and I
and I won't answer because I think when
we were told to judge not lest ye be
judged I think that's exactly the sort
of thing we're being told not to judge
which is a person's what brings a person
closer to God we can judge crimes
against other people we can sense things
that might degrade you like drinking too
much or taking drugs but I don't know
what that experience is like and you
have to figure that out with God what
that experience is like if to be
abstinent is the right answer for you
and now I'm you can write me and tell me
no no it's a sin it's a sin you know I
think that that there are sins that
degrade others and sins that degrade
yourself only you can tell and only God
can tell you and work with you to
discover whether you need to live in
apps in a life or not and it's truly not
for anybody else to dictate that to you
at all and now you can write you angry
letters but that is what I truly believe
all right from Veronica dear Andrew I
have been a Christian since I was very
young but I really struggle with fear of
death I've always been hyper aware of my
mortality even at age six and concerned
with issues of spirituality and morality
but it doesn't seem to make a difference
when I read my Bible frequently I
struggle and when I'm distant from God
I struggle I'm frustrated tired and I'm
afraid I also feel guilty how can I
share Christ with others when I'm
struggling so myself thank you for your
time Veronica okay
that's it you know I'm really sorry to
tell you that to hear that Veronica
here's what I can tell you that's not
the life God wants you to live okay this
is me speaking for God what right never
to do but I can say I can guarantee you
this this is not the life God wants you
to live he wants you to live a life of
joy when I say that I don't mean that he
wants you to be happy all the time like
Joel Osteen with a big smiley face
tragic terrible things happen in life
they're gonna break your heart things
are you know you things bad things will
happen to you they're you're gonna
struggle with them when I talk about joy
what I talk about is
what I mean is what Jesus called life in
abundance living in abundance which
means the only thing I know how to
compare it to is if you're watching a
movie you're watching a movie and
something terribly sad happens it breaks
your heart you think at all Mike no this
is terrible you're sobbing you're
weeping then you come out and think yeah
that was a great movie that was a great
movie you know your attitude toward life
with God should be joyful in that sense
that even during the hard times you know
you're steering towards your North Star
which is Christ and that you are on your
way to something that is overall good
that God will turn the overall picture
to something good even if it is in the
afterlife so so here's what I want to
say you're not getting that feeling I
mean that feeling of joy that feeling of
vitality that feeling of life in
abundance is one of the ways God lets
you know that you're pointing your boat
toward him I want you to consider the
idea that maybe the God that you're
worshiping you haven't quite gotten a
clear picture of who he is and how he
feels about you this happens to all of
us this is a lifetime journey to try and
separate God from what we've been told
about God from what people are saying we
should believe about God from images
that we get from our Father and our
mother that may be harmful and difficult
okay you have to clear there's a lot of
debris between you and God a lot of
debris between you and God I deal with
this every day we all deal with it every
day the thing is to push that away and
get to the God who wants you to have joy
who forgives you who loves you so much I
mean like he's crazy about your Veronica
he just thinks this was one of the his
great days when he made you okay this is
what he thinks is wonderful he even died
for you for you to have that joy in life
so if you are having this this problem
you know you know you might want to go
and seek help from a counselor you might
want to go to a counselor and find out
what it is that is because it's cycle
what's bothering you is psychological
there's a psychological screen between
you and the real God who loves you so
much and wants you to be joyful so
that's what I would ask you to think
about that you yes you should turn to
the Bible yes you should pray to God and
talk to him but to get to the real God
to get through the real God who loves
you you might need to go to a counselor
and just clear up some of the debris in
your head
comes from your past you know that come
that come who knows where it comes from
it may just be some kind of skewed
thinking that you have but you want to
get to the real God who loves you and
wants to give you that joy and will give
it to you if you see him clearly all
right from Shahar hi the Lord of all
words the man with the best words I have
I am the man with the best word I am a
nineteen year old guy and I am about to
start University and I can get money
from the state for housing because I'm
disabled but I don't think I should
because I can work and I don't think
that people like me should be dependent
on the state but my money can really
help and my parents think that I need to
take the money what should I do
PS I'm not in the US I'm in Israel okay
I answer would be this I can tell you
what I would do if their money is to
help your parents okay and they want you
to take it take it because the money is
for them it's not for you if the money
is just for you and you can make it up
by working follow your lights do what
you think is right do you think it's
right not to take the money and I hear
what you're saying and I pretty much
agree with you then don't take it don't
take it but if the money is helping your
parents or you know if you're not sure
you can replace that money to help your
parents then then I think you should
follow their lights and do what they
want you to do because it's their money
but if if it's you if you're gonna be
paying for it do what you think is right
okay from Noah dear dr. drew oh sorry
wrong show I've never heard that but
know as we become more and more
culturally disparate in the States do
you feel that lacking an official
language or increasingly even a common
language is an issue for our longer-term
national unity do you feel that we
should make it would make sense to
anoint English as our official American
language moreover do you think it's even
a remote political possibility for it to
happen best Noah I yes and yes I think
that all countries need a common
language it's the it's one of the most
basic things your borders and your
language we don't have a race there is
no American race and that's great it's a
new thing you know it's a new idea we're
a creedal country but to hold us
together we do need a language and yes I
do think ultimately it will happen I
actually do think it will happen that
will will make English the official
language you know I don't think we
should do it unless we need to but I
think in
should is and should be the official
language of America I think should I
stop there do one more all right from
Benjamin in Louisville
I have gleaned that your attitude on sex
tends to be a little bit more leap
liberal than some of my fellow Catholics
no doubt given that context I'd like to
ask your opinion on abstinence ok
another another absence question my and
you're using it correctly my fiance and
I have been abstinent throughout our
relationship of five years the thing the
Catholic Church doesn't tell you about
abstinence difficult it is especially
over long periods of time any thoughts
on coping with it I can only take so
many cold showers well five years
merrier unless you started going out
when you were eight you know five years
marry the girl what's wrong with you I
mean it's like how what are you trying
to wait till you're sure I think if you
marry her you'll solve the problem right
there and I think that you know there's
there's nothing that makes absent and
easy it's not easy you're doing it
because you believe in it that's that's
the way forward but after five years
what is holding you on all right
tickety-boo news I love this I love this
all right here's a story I found on
glenn beck's the blaze which I love Sara
Taylor at the blaze and it comes the
video is from a site called now this
news okay so they're holding a trump
rally I think this is an Alabama okay
they're holding a trump rally and a
black lives matter group goes marching
past and they're shouting at the group
and Trump rally shouting at the group
black lives matter shouting at the Trump
people and the guy on stage says you
know what I'm gonna invite you up to
speak for two minutes we don't always do
this
so listen give me the first cut of this
as the black lives matter guy gets up
and starts to talk to this Trump rally
while they Jairam so what we are gonna
do is something you're not used to and
we're gonna give you two minutes
to put your message out now whether they
disagree or agree with your message is
irrelevant it's the fact that you have
the right to have the message I am an
American
in the beauty of America is it when you
see something broke in your country you
can mobilize to fix it so you ask why
there's a black lives matter because you
can watch a black man die and be choked
to death on television and nothing
happens
we are not anti cow
I love this so they're cheering him
they're saying what about black-on-black
crime they boo him when they don't like
him but they but the jerem when he says
good things about America and and they
have a little common ground there and
they start to come around as this guy
starts to feel his way and say better
things about America and afterwards this
guy's name the BLM guys named Hank
Newsom he's BLM New York and so listen
to the crowd come around and afterwards
they talked to news from a little bit
restored my faith in some of those
people because when I spoke truths they
agree I feel like we had we've made
progress I feel like two sides that
never listen to each other actually made
progress today amazing ok when you see
and here's the thing here's something I
like I'm not a fan of a black lives
matter especially the way I felt that
Obama kind of ginned up these stories
and the way the media you know distorts
all these stories but when you see that
guy
ooh some shaking hands with the Trump
guy who invited him onstage because he
believed in free speech you are watching
two American men shaking hands to all
American men shaking hands two men who
disagree shaking hands this I swear to
you is what the media does not want they
do not want this to happen they do not
want us to hear each other they keep
saying oh you know Trump is a white
supremacist you know tana he see Coates
is writing Trump is a white supremacist
that girl on ESPN what was her name Jim
Molly's something or other she you know
Trump is a white supremacist you know
Jason Riley writes about this in The
Wall Street Journal today he writes a
cording to Gallup mr. Obama's approval
rating was 57% on Election Day last year
it was 59% ten weeks later when he
turned the white house keys over to his
successor a Wall Street Journal NBC News
poll released last week found the 51% of
the country still had a positive view of
the nation's twice elected first black
president a finding that doesn't square
with Donaghy see Coates view that
anti-black bias is ascendant it's true
that white turnout increased for mr.
Trump but it's also true that the
president want a smaller percentage of
the white vote than Mitt Romney and a
larger percentage of the black and
Hispanic vote than Mitt Romney so the
plausible explanation is that
working-class people who voted for Obama
also voted for Trump that it's not that
they're white supremacist they you know
what they liked Obama but now they felt
the best way forward was Trump the media
it let me put it to you this way just so
you didn't know I'm not being a
conspirator
about it Donald Trump had made this
remark that was a little clumsy after
charlottesville where he said there are
great people on both sides and the
immediate the media immediately assumed
and pumped and is still pumping and will
continue to pump the idea that he meant
that there were great people in the Nazi
and white supremacist movement it was
very clear to me that what Trump was
saying that there were great people on
both sides of the question of whether to
pull down statues great people who won
his statues pulled down because they
represented things they didn't like
great people who thought the statue
should remain because they represented
our history if if the immediate wanted
to clear this up they would say mr.
president when you said there are great
people on both sides which two sides did
you mean has anyone ever asked him that
question if they have I haven't seen it
they don't want to clear it up they
don't want to clear it up because they
know the minute we start talking to each
other they are out of gas and out of
town they know it these two guys these
two guys shaking hands and well me why
is this tape on the blaze a conservative
site gun back Beck's excellent
conservative site why is it there and
not being shown on every Network show
you know new show there is ABC CBS NBC
you think they're going to show I don't
think so I don't think they are because
they do not want this story out the
story is this we are not a racist
country anymore we are not hate enemies
we are friends we can find a way forward
there's going to be compromise on both
sides but we can find a way forward we
can talk to each other the media the
media and the left are in the way they
are in the minority and they're in the
way I'm Andrew Clavin this is the Andrew
Clavin show we'll see you again tomorrow
