hey there in st. Louis people are
violently protesting the death of a
suspected heroin dealer if you think
that's just stupid you're listening to
the right podcast meanwhile in Hollywood
millionaire movie stars prove they can
pat themselves on the back with one hand
while giving you the finger with the
other the great troll Michael Knowles
will be here to discuss that and it
looks like an interesting week upcoming
in politics so we'll talk about that too
but first large celebrations continue in
st. Louis in the wake of the acquittal
of former Police Officer Jason Stockley
for a shooting of suspected drug dealer
Anthony Lamar Smith black lives matter
advocates a carrying sign saying thanks
Officer Stockley and many express their
delight that one of the members of the
thin blue line that protects black lives
from criminals like heroin dealers will
not be punished for doing his job as BLM
spokeswoman latisha unicorn told
reporters quote if there's one thing
I've learned as a black woman who has
experienced real prejudice in this life
it's that a person should never be
judged by the color of his skin
I don't care if a police officer is
white he's there to protect me in my
neighborhood and I don't want some
lowlife who's out there selling poison
to my neighbor's to have even the
slightest chance of doing him harm so
I'm personally thrilled that Officer
Stockley has been found not guilty
unquote in the wake of the verdict
activists gathered in mostly low-income
black neighborhoods to voluntarily paint
houses and sweep the sidewalks in front
of storefronts in order to raise
property values and bring a greater
sense of dignity and pride to the area
interviewed as he was helping to repair
a porch step the Reverend Al fantasy'
jr. told her a reporter quote every time
I see the video that shows that heroin
dealer ramming his car twice in two
officers stalked his police vehicle I'm
just so glad it was the dealer who died
and not an officer of the law unquote in
an impromptu sermon on the sidewalk the
Reverend fantasy told local men that in
honor of officer stock Lee's victory
they should start to repent of their
sinful ways and marry the women who bore
their children if we start to take a
little responsibility for ourselves
around here the Reverend said maybe we
won't have so many drug dealers in our
neighborhoods and our police officers
won't have to shoot them to protect
themselves us and our families unquote
covering the jubilant demonstrations on
the street CNN reporter Lance gormless
told anchorman Wolf Blitzer quote you
know wolf when I look around and see the
relief on these good people's faces
because they know that police officers
like Jason Stockley won't be discouraged
from doing what needs to be done to keep
their neighborhood safe
it makes me think maybe we at CNN should
stop slanting our stories in order to
turn thugs into heroes and cops into
criminals not only would that be a
tremendous help in improving these
suffering urban areas but it might
increase our viewership if we told the
truth from time to time
unquote a celebration of officers stock
Lee's acquittal is scheduled to last
until I wake up and return to reality
when everything will be stupid again
trigger warning I'm Andrew Clavin and
this is the Andrew Klavan shop
I like that opening it was like being on
a drug trip you know three minutes of
LSD Michael holes will be here to talk
about the Emmys and we've got you know I
have to tell you we've got this thing
the conversation which is coming up
tomorrow right
bench bureau will be on Facebook live at
5 p.m. Eastern 2 p.m. Pacific he'll be
there for a whole hour anyone can watch
but if you subscribe for a lousy 10
bucks a month you can ask him questions
yourself and he will answer them and if
you subscribe for a year for a lousy
hundred bucks you get the leftist tears
tumblr and actually while Ben speaks the
leftist tears tumblr magically fills up
with leftist tears so that really works
very well it all kind of comes together
if you're a subscriber I've been talking
speaking of Michael moles I've been
talking for a while about the fact that
he and I are putting together this
podcast of my latest book and where
we've been working on it and it has been
I have to tell you we thought it was
gonna be a breeze it has been we have
run into so many problems we are coming
overcoming them one by one but it is
unbelievable the sound work that we're
trying to find engineers will put the
thing together and give us this the kind
of quality we need so the other day I
thought like how do I find out about
this and I went on Skillshare and I just
good you searched doing a podcast and up
comes video after video after video how
to do a podcast I haven't watched those
yet but I have watched others on writing
and things that I know about and they
are really useful what they are is their
video classes video classrooms and it's
an online Skillshare is an online
learning community with over 17,000
classes in design business and more you
can learn everything from logo design to
social media marketing to street
photography podcasting which is good
things to learn about unlimited access
to all of this for one low monthly price
so you never have to pay per class again
and you don't get that thing you get on
many apps whether in the middle of the
class and suddenly it you know runs out
and you have to you have to pay more
that doesn't happen you just pay that
one fee and it's all kinds of things
design photography marketing
entrepreneurship tech business other
things like cooking watercolor and
calligraphy if you're trying to change
your profession trying to get better at
your profession or just trying to learn
a new hobby Skillshare is giving my
listeners a month of unlimited access
absolutely free so you can try it out go
to wwl share comm slash Andrew to redeem
a free month WW Skillshare comm slash
Andrew you get a free month you can try
out all the classes really interesting
stuff and and worthwhile
all right just let's take a quick survey
before I'm going to talk about st. Louis
and we'll get to the Emmys with Knowles
but before that I just want to say we've
got a very interesting week in politics
coming up ahead tomorrow Trump is going
to address the UN which should be really
really interesting talk about that
tomorrow I guess he's going to be
talking to Kim jong-un sending a little
message to him I think nikki Haley our
ambassador to the UN sounds like she is
just about done like the whole diplomacy
thing was fun to try but we're moving on
Dana Bash said to her when Trump said
he's gonna deliver fire and fury was
that just an empty threat listen to her
response the president said last month
that North Korea would face fire and
fury if it continues to threaten the US
and its allies well since the president
said that North Korea has really done
nothing but threatened the US and its
allies North Korea threatened Guam North
Korea fired two missiles over Japan and
tested a hydrogen bomb so was the
president's fire and fury remark an
empty threat it was not an MV threat
what we were doing was being responsible
where North Korea's being irresponsible
and reckless we were being responsible
by trying to use every diplomatic
possibility that we could possibly do
we've pretty much exhausted all the
things that we could do at the Security
Council at this point now I said
yesterday I'm perfectly happy kicking
this over to general mattis because he
has plenty of military options so I
think that the fire in fury while he
said this is what we can do to North
Korea we wanted to be responsible and go
through all diplomatic means to get
their attention first if that doesn't
work general mattis will take care of it
that's a pretty big threat so that's
gonna be interesting to see what Trump
is talking about in the UN also this is
the other thing that this is kind of
sneaking under the radar the Senate may
revisit the health care the Obamacare
thing the repeal and replace Lindsey
Graham of all people who was mr.
security I mean I don't know what he
know it's kind of a it's kind of weird
when the the security expert in the
Senate is putting up a health care bill
but he's got a bill that basically turns
control of health care markets over the
states as he as Graham puts it if you
like your Obamacare you can keep your
Obamacare but if you don't you can get
rid of it to the States interesting if
they're saying they'll vote on that if
they can put together 50 votes and the
other one this one this is a dopey story
the Paris climate Accords the Wall
Street Journal runs a piece saying Trump
is not gonna pull out of the climb as
Paris or quartz so now they've got all
these different officials they have the
National Security Adviser HR McMaster he
says no that story's untrue here's
McMaster that's a false report the
president decided to pull out of the
Paris Accord because it was a bad deal
for the American people
and because it was it was a bad deal for
the environment it gave the worst
polluters the ability to continue
polluting and emitting carbonate and and
without significantly reducing those
levels the president is committed to the
cleanest water on earth the cleanest air
on earth to an energy policy that
reduces carbon emissions but then also
provides clean fossil fuels to generate
growth in this country and and globally
and and these priorities he felt we
could not pursue effectively within this
flawed agreement so he's out of the
Paris plummets out of the Paris climate
Accord but he said the doors opens if
you look at what he said on the day that
he announced which drawn from the Accord
he said at some point in the future if
there can be if there can be a deal that
addresses these fundamentals well I said
and I saw an associate well for the
president's ears are open though so so
now the story is well we said he was and
he's is or isn't a or en we asked like
Ocean's eleven are we in or out you know
it's also when you got McMasters
absolutely right go back to Trump's
announcement this was back in
June it's exactly what he said listen
listen to this the United States will
withdraw from the Paris climate Accord
but begin negotiations to re-enter
either the Paris Accord or in really
entirely new transaction when terms that
are fair to the United States its
businesses its workers its people its
taxpayers so we're getting out but we
will start to negotiate and we will see
if we can make a deal that's fair and if
we can that's great and if we can't
that's fine so the story is everything
is exactly the same except the press is
confused that's the story oh we're in
route were betrayed if he stabbed us in
the back he's doing exactly what he said
he was doing it's not even a story all
right we're gonna talk about st. Louis
and then the Emmys but first you know I
think I've talked a lot about Omaha
Steaks because they sent me a couple of
their meat packages and they are so
incredibly good it really is a different
level of meat and you grill it out in
the back and it's just really terrific
they have some skillet meals and all the
stuff now they have got a new offer if
you want to share this as a gift or if
you want to even just get a huge dose of
Omaha Steaks for yourself they have got
this new package they are advertising
that will you can send it right to
people and they will get tons of genuine
aged steaks premium meats and it comes
with everything you want it's got a
weber kettle grill and accessories and
they also have a smoking experience and
a sous vide experience this is supposed
to be the way sous-vide is supposed to
be this way they can get a absolutely
perfect steak it's cooking with water I
don't really know what it is but you
know that's that's supposed to be
it's an incredibly memorable gift
experience delivered to anyone's door
and a hundred percent guaranteed
satisfaction you can send this exclusive
gift package it is just four hundred and
ninety-nine dollars but listen to what
you get it's a lot of money but this
really is gonna last it's for a giant
selection of meats plus everything you
need to start
today tons of filet mignon New York
strips rib eyes and t-bone steaks
gourmet brats signature burgers pork
chops chicken breasts Omaha Steaks
gourmet steak rubs warm charcoal chimney
starter digital meat thermometer
complete grilling toolset plus you'll
get a 22 inch Weber original kettle
grill really good deal for just a lousy
500 bucks and just for my listeners the
new package delivers for only 499
dollars go to Omaha Steaks dot-com type
Andrew in the search bar and choose your
ultimate Omaha Steaks experience again
visit Omaha Steaks comm and enter code
Andrew in the search bar to get this
one-of-a-kind experience today and like
I said their meat is really at another
level it really is another another thing
to start eating so it's good stuff
alright I'm sure you've heard about
these riots not riots is too strong
these protests in st. Louis they are
peaceful during the day at night there's
been like I don't know somewhere around
a hundred arrests policemen have been
attacked windows have been broken and
and you know at this point I know I just
sort of hear these stories out of the
corner of my ear but I thought let me
find out what this is about okay so in
Jason Stockley a police officer at the
time now he's living he's not a officer
anymore he's now living in Houston
Jason stock Elena's partner Brian
Bianchi pull up in back of a guy who's
parked in the parking lot of a Church's
Chicken and he's selling drugs I mean
that's that he's I have to say alleged
because it's never proved but according
to the police officers and they've got
him on video is going in and out of the
stores going back to his car later
according to the police officers again
they found heroin in his car he's you
know he's going in and out they parking
back of him the guy jumps in his car
rams the police officers twice by the
way in the New York Times version of
this and the New York Times is like
always prides themselves on there being
the complete story all the news that's
fit to print they leave this out
he rams the cop car twice where he's
using his vehicle as a deadly weapon
takes off Stockley and Bianchi chase
after him is a three minute high-speed
chase at some point the car spins out of
control the the alleged
the accused heroin dealers Smith crashes
the car you hear Stockley on tape
according to the court transcripts he
says we're going to kill this MF don't
you know it okay I mean who knows if
he's serious or not but at this at this
point is he gets out the other cop gets
out they surround him they shout get out
of the car there are lots of cops
looking in the according to the
testimony of the police officers he
doesn't get out of the car Smith doesn't
get out of the car he's rooting around
in the car and Stockley sees a gun opens
fire and kills him 2011 right nothing
happens
2016 5 years later they bring him up on
charges of murder Stockley says I don't
want to I waive my right to a jury trial
I just want to judge cuz he doesn't want
it to get I guess I'm this is me
guessing I guess he doesn't want it to
be all emotional he wants the judge to
rationally take a look at it the judge
looks at it now remember this is five
six years later the prosecutor said
there was new evidence but nobody knows
what this evidence was judge Timothy
Wilson acquits Stockley says look
anybody in that situation says I might
say I'm gonna kill that guy we don't
know the context and all this they
claimed the prosecution claimed that the
gun that they found in Smith's car was
planted because only stock Lee's DNA was
on it but any DNA expert will tell you
that was very hard to get DNA off a gun
it doesn't mean anything it doesn't mean
that it wasn't Smith's gun and in a what
is the big controversial statement
everyone's pointing to Judge Timothy
Wilson said for an urban heroin dealer
not to have a gun would be an anomaly in
my experience as a judge and we said oh
he said urban he meant black well hey
you know if if all he meant was urban
that works too right an urban Aaron
dealer is gonna have a gun in the
experience of this judge here is
Stockley the former officer addressing
this after the gag order is is taken
officers cut number four I did not
murder
Anthony Lamar Smith I did not plant a
gun
as I testified at trial and in haunted
to homicide on the day of it was an
imminent threat to my life I had it's
the taking of a life is the most
significant thing that one can do and
it's not something that is done lightly
and it's not something that should ever
be celebrated and it's just a horrible
experience all together but sometimes
it's necessary okay and he talks he goes
on to talk about the fact that when a
guys were resisting arrest it always
looks bad I know this from experience
I've seen a lot of arrests I've been
around a lot of cops when somebody
resists arrest the cops have to react
violently a lot of times there's so much
violence because they're trying not to
hurt the guy so five cops will pile on
him because if one cop takes him on you
really have to hurt somebody to bring
him down
but if five cops pile on they can
wrestle him to the ground it always
looks ugly and he talks about the fact
that you have to look at the facts and
the facts clear him now these
demonstrations they're all you know
there was really these demonstrations
have gotten violent but most of the
people at these demonstrations are
probably not are not being violent okay
and so that's and that's not the point I
mean the point is the point is why on
earth how on earth did the world get so
morally turned upside down that this
neighborhood goes out and gets upset
over the death of an alleged heroin
dealer who let's face it I mean he
rammed a police car you do not Ram a
police car if you're a decent everyday
guy right how did they get to the point
where that's a problem for them okay and
I say this not because of the violence I
say it because of the protest itself it
reminds me of the godfather at the end
of the Godfather the police are the
gangsters and the gangsters are kind of
acting as a police force the whole moral
world has been turned upside down and
that seems to me is what what has
happened and it's not the fault of the
people who are out there they have a
sense of injustice I'm not talking about
the black experience in America I have
no authority to talk about that I know
that a black guy is going to be treated
differently by a cop than a white guy is
going
to be treated definitely when his car
gets stopped I don't believe that's the
police officers fault I believe it's the
fault of all the bad guys who looked
like that innocent man who were
committing crimes but how did they get
to the point I mean the question that I
want to ask this guy you know Fox News
had an interview with just a guy walking
by his name was Wayne and he's a
protester
there's cup number six and he's and
Wayne is trying to say what would happen
why he feels this is an injustice and
they asked him would it be the same
thing would you feel the same way if the
dealer was white and here's Wayne's
response same set of circumstances a guy
with a bunch of priors running from the
cops rammed a couple of vehicles but he
was white the situation would be
different I believe that they would of
came after him but I definitely believe
they would have tried to bring him in
alive
that's my firm belief I feel like I felt
like outside they actually pulling a gun
no he would they would have brought him
in beat the sleeves off beat the sleeves
off of it have been a standoff they
would have did whatever they had to do
they did whatever they had to do to get
oh okay so Wayne is telling you what you
know what the way he sees it okay that's
that's his experience of life fair
enough I'm not trying to like knock down
this guy but what I would have liked to
ask him if I were out there is is this
is this the problem in your life is this
what's bringing your life down as this
was has made your life not what you want
it to be is it Jason Stockley I mean
look if Stockley went out and
assassinated this guy even if he's a
heroin dealer he should be put in prison
the judge decided that didn't happen you
know I I don't know what the right
verdict is but why assume it's the wrong
verdict and is this the problem are the
police the problem in your neighborhood
are they really the problem you know is
is that really what's going on I just
feel this is not the problem of the of
the individuals out there but their
leaders and the press who sell a bill of
goods that is essentially racist that if
a white cop shoots a black guy then
somehow that that is a racial incident
because of the color the people's skin
it's racism straight up as our friends
on the left like to say that is racism
straight up and this is a it's a human
thing to swen you see look if let's say
you are an oppressed person you're
working in the fields and the guy
was oppressing you was sitting on the
veranda of his plantation you're gonna
say like whatever that guy's doing is
working or whatever I'm doing is not
working and you're gonna adopt his
values and that's what I feel a lot of
these people have done with the help
from our friends on the left and with
the help of the press they've said look
racism worked for these people now you
adopt it and it's gonna work for you but
it doesn't work like it doesn't work
that way I cannot believe that people
are out on the streets activated to
violence by the death of a heroin dealer
who's poisoning their children poisoning
their neighbors selling them this
garbage that ruins your life a cop shot
him okay yeah explore that of course you
should but that's the problem in your
life it is just stupid and there's
nobody saying it there's nobody saying
the entire premise of this protest is
wrong they're all saying well it's not
as violent as people are saying it's not
I don't care if it's violent obviously
it shouldn't be violent they have the
right to protest but they're protesting
something stupid they ought to take a
different look at their lives and their
leaders their pastors their activists
and the press ought to help them take
that look all right
tracker tra CK are right because we
don't we don't use vowels anymore which
I missed vowels but tracker comm it is a
great little device I have it in my
pocket and I need it let me tell you it
is about the size of a man maybe a
quarter maybe it's as big as a quarter
but it weighs about as much as a dime
it's really light if you if if you lose
I attached it to my keys if I lose my
keys I go on my phone there's an app I
press the app my keys make a noise and
it tells you on the phone because it's
like ways other people are hooked up to
it tells you how are you getting closer
or you're getting further away I used it
just the other day I was hiking dropped
my keys oh where did I go you know I
don't have to climb up the mountain
again use it found them immediately
because it just tells you you're getting
warmer warmer warmer it's really easier
to find and if you do what I always do
you lose your phone you press the
tracker and your phone rings even if
it's turned off so it really helps you
find anything you need to find it has
really change the game is called a
tracker pixel tra CK are pixel because
it's and it's it's new as small it
really changes the whole game it's the
lightest Bluetooth tracking device on
the market you can put it anywhere you
want what
riah tend to lose and we'll help you
find it and me like that I could I could
like lose my wife basically I should put
one on oh yes I can't suck that's that's
a joke folks I'm gonna joke you don't
track people with but anyway trackers
30-day money-back guarantee means you
truly have nothing to lose go to the
tracker comm and enter the promo code
Clavin because it's que la VA n if you
enter the promo code Clavin it get at
the tracker comm you'll get 20% off any
order
that's the tracker comm promo code
Clavin for 20% off the tracker comm
promo code Clavin it is a really really
useful device especially for people like
me alright we got to say goodbye to
Facebook and YouTube come on over to the
daily wire comm you can hear the rest
you can watch the rest if you subscribe
for a lousy 10 bucks Michael Knowles is
coming up to talk about the Emmys all
right we got Noel's no oh my god and
what really bothers me Noel's is you own
that tuxedo don't you you didn't rent
that thing what else am I gonna wear to
all the Emmys parties I'm sorry if I
look a little bleary-eyed but I had to
stay up and watch that terrible telecast
last night because you made it it's good
for your character it builds character I
think this this award it's the Arthur
Ashe Courage Award sitting through all
of that watching it on my TV well you
look good I hope you can you know beat a
Russian spy off the top of the Train you
know when you wear that thing so it
sounded I'm glad you had to watch it cuz
I did it sounded dreadful you know I had
gone to see Aronofsky's and Jennifer
Lawrence's film mother before the
telecast right that movie is just
Jennifer Lawrence being tortured for two
hours yeah the Emmys were much more
torturous it was much more excruciating
I watched it you know this you know that
rent in Hollywood is expensive yeah you
know it's one of the wealthiest places
oh you're all very high
but Donald Trump gets to live rent-free
minds of every single person at that
Awards Show last night it's like three
there's like three hours long right i
from pre-show until the end of the show
I pulled a few clips just to give us a
flavor okay for the entirety of America
which did not watch but I could go I
could give three hours of this I'm gonna
be talking more about it on my show
because there there simply isn't enough
time to play every low-hanging fruit
stupid Trump insult that began from the
top and ran through until the end it's
amazing and this is this is 40 million
viewers potential viewers of their
television show that they hate so much
that they are what happy to get rid of
their that audience 40 million potential
is a key word here through because this
was the lowest rated Emmys telecast ever
it is right now in competition
neck-and-neck with last year's delegates
hosted by Jimmy Kimmel but it was
pathetic Stephen Colbert hosted
obviously he's made a lot of headlines
and a lot of money on his late-night
show criticizing Donald Trump it's the
thing that saved his show he would have
been canceled had Trump not run for
president and so from the beginning you
have a guy who's a good performer he's a
great showbiz guy he's enjoyable to
watch every single joke was about how
terrible Donald Trump was the the
headlines song was everything is better
on TV and then they presented the worst
imaginable world here's how it began at
pre-show with an actress describing who
she was going to root for at the awards
who are you rooting for tonight
everybody black who are you rooting for
everybody white I believe everybody
white sure is that the way it works now
so the the implication here is that
black people are disadvantaged at the
Emmys and certainly it's been the case
over the years in Hollywood that it can
be hard for black actors to get jobs
there just aren't that many roles right
not true this year it was the most
diverse Emmys Awards in history among
presenters and recipients every
Hollywood breakdown now calls for quote
diversity casting and of course they
mean diversity of skin color not in any
way diversity of ideas yeah and if what
you're fighting for if the civil rights
battle you're fighting is to win more
Emmys yeah I think most of your problems
are solved yeah here was Alec Baldwin
really summed up the navel-gazing nature
of this Awards Show in his he won for
his Trump impression on SNL here's this
acceptance speech I suppose I should say
at long last mr. president here is your
Emmy
I want to thank my wife my wife and I
had three children in three years and we
didn't have a child last year during the
SNL season I wonder if there's a
correlation there well you men up there
you put that orange wig on it's birth
control trust me get it I get it
birth control yes he once you know what
I love is that he's basically accepting
the idea that winning those golden
statuettes actually makes you a better
person
that's absolutely right George Clooney
embodied this I think last week we
talked about it when he was mocking
Bannon and the worst thing he could say
about Bannon is that Bannon couldn't
make it in show business couldn't make
it in Hollywood and that to them they
are the Royals they're American royalty
and they are sneering at every single
person who who can't make it up to their
rarefied area there was one semi-funny
moment during the show last night and it
was a surprise appearance by Sean Spicer
here it is of course what really matters
the Donald Trump is ratings you gotta
have the big numbers and I certainly
hope we achieved that tonight
unfortunately at this point we have no
way of knowing how big our audience is
is there anyone who could say how big
the audience is Sean do you know
and Emmys period both in person and
around the world wow that really soothes
my fragile ego I can understand why
you'd want one of these guys around
Melissa McCarthy everybody give it up
it's a fun bit Spicer was a great sport
about it it least showed some reaching
across the aisle to the half of the
country that doesn't agree with you guys
this was the reaction in the press today
CNN quote why did the Emmys help Sean
Spicer rebrand Huffington Post quote
angry viewers are in no mood to laugh at
Sean Spicer as Emmy jokes is that right
I think Tim post I say was to talk to
all the viewers Washington Post Sean
Spicer's yucky cameo at the Emmys yucky
because democracy dies in darkness The
Washington Post to save our our
democratic republic it's it's that old
thing from them the culture is ours you
can't have it you human beings you
Americans you guys who live in the
country you can't have it it belongs to
us in LA in New York don't you dare and
they went on you know there was a bit
with Julia louis-dreyfus calling Trump
and not see or saying he sympathized
with Nazis then Colbert implied that he
was a traitor and then Jane Fonda came
out and screeched for a little bit for
some reason she's still allowed on
television Hanoi Jane sat on Vietnamese
anti-aircraft guns but she's going to
lecture all of us the way that you know
that they totally jumped the shark on
this telecast is that deadline the trade
paper for Hollywood even deadline ran
this headline this morning Emmys teary
review Donald Trump overkill stains
Stephen Colbert's hosting debut even
deadline even Hollywood is acknowledging
geez guys maybe we should have calmed
down before we went out there you know
Drudge had the great headline was and
the winner is Donald Trump because
you're right he owns them he owns them
now you know they they dance on his
string
like what he does is is all they think
about and their virtue is now tied up
with him if he starts to really succeed
if the economy really starts it has
taken off but if it really starts to
take off if he does good things and
things start to work out they're gonna
look like the biggest idiots on earth
you know he controlled who won the
awards the big winner was Handmaid's
Tale I really mean it he the big winner
won Best Drama Best Actress Best
Supporting Actress was Handmaid's Tale
simply because Donald Trump is president
I watched a lot of that show because I'm
a masochist and it is a terrible show I
mean the writing is absurd but just the
pace of it is slow it's tedious it's
pedantic it isn't good there were a lot
of good shows that were out this year
West world stranger things uh uh they
had to give it to Handmaid's Tale to
send a message to Donald Trump well also
because this is what's happening in
America today women are being forced to
wear those hats like a Flying Nun
no Bailey at the Daily wire made a great
point which is that the in the
introduction that Stephen Colbert does
all of the Handmaid's Tale women are
walking in behind him wearing the capes
and the the head heads coverings and
then they rip it off and start doing a
dance routine in a completely sexualized
and objectified manner
wait a way to prove your point Hollywood
so you mentioned the fact that this is
the lowest rate I mean this is what
leftist do they come into an institution
the New York Times Yale as you as you
know it is awful ha entertainment
industry they take it over the gut it of
everything of worth except it's all it
becomes as a messenger of leftism people
turn it off and then they sit around to
talk about well it's a problem with the
industry the industry is having a
problem with the industry we're sick of
that you know why why would people want
to watch people mm-hmm millionaires
giving them the finger for three hours I
mean they just know that don't want to
see it
so you mentioned mother I have to ask
you before I let you go there you
mentioned mother and that was also a
tremendous balm after Jay law came out
and said that the Hurricanes were caused
at Karma for Donald from Mother Nature
screaming out how's the picture I
enjoyed it yeah I'm the only guy in
America I have to disagree with National
Review said it was the most vile motion
picture ever released by a major studio
and even the great John Nolte correct
about everything else
it is wrong about this he gave us in a
long up movies I tell him this all the
time people are reading it you know the
movie I think has real artistic value
and I think it's a deeply Christian
movie I think you're basically just
watching the Bible for two hours really
and it's a there are two interpretations
one is that mother played by Jennifer
Lawrence is Mother Nature
she's Gaia who we have destroyed and and
in this reading
it's basically an environmentalist
diatribe and there's some reason for
this Jennifer Lawrence has been yapping
about it on the press trail and even
Aronofsky the director who directed the
environmentalist version of Noah Wright
has said that these interpretations are
valid but I don't think they're valid
and Aronofsky would not be the first
artist to not understand his own work I
think that the picture makes a lot more
sense as a mill Tony an out Christian
allegory in which Jennifer Lawrence
isn't mother nature but she's Satan
she's Lucifer interesting and I think
when you watch it in that way the
relationship between Lucifer and God the
relationship between man and God and
Lucifer and what causes the fall of
Satan and what causes the fall of man it
makes a lot more sense certain scenes
make a lot more sense and the key to the
movie is that it's told from Jennifer
Lawrence's point of view huh so you
can't always rely on things she's taking
palliative drugs throughout you're
always wondering what's going on it is a
real yeah it's it's I think it's worth
seeing
but then again conservatives or
Philistines and with the Black Swan was
a good film Michael knows the Michael
Nolt show comes on after this you will
continue to talk about the Emmys right I
mean I've got three more hours to talk
about it only gets more ridiculous more
importantly will you still be wearing
the white tux
I will I'm never taking it is closest
I'm ever gonna get to a real Hollywood
awards show now so I got a I got to keep
it on yes so tune in to the Michael Nolt
show because he sacrificed his career to
bring you the truth all right I have no
regrets oh no regrets room talk to you
later all right
our crappy culture
do we write that music so I have to tell
you about it I was in New York over the
weekend and on Friday Friday morning I
was in the hotel gym on the elliptical
machine which is one of my I take hikes
all the time because to avoid the gym I
hate being on the elliptical machine
I find it excruciatingly ly boring but
usually I can find some really there's
two shows that actually make the
elliptical machine time pass one is
law-and-order which is like this magic
show for just sucking time out of the
air I don't know why it works so well
any of those blue bloods which is got
dopey but it's sentimental and
conservative and I like it and it just
makes the time pass but I decided you
know what it's Friday morning I ought to
catch up with the news I'm gonna watch
cable news so I'm switching between Fox
News CNN MSNBC and for a little bit I
visited CBS I think it was one of the
network's so on Fox News they're talking
about the London bombing right there
just put off this London bomb they have
an expert on one of these former guys
there's all of these guys former you
know Navy SEAL or whatever he was he was
a former security guy and he starts
talking about how with just I'm not
I don't tell you what he said exactly
but he starts like you know just a
little bit of simple work and some
really easy to get things this guy could
have made a much more dangerous bomb
much more he could have killed in dozens
of people doesn't dozens of people he's
talking about he tells you how to do it
he tells it I'm sitting there watching
this I'm thinking are you kidding me are
you kidding and nobody's cutting this
guy off and saying don't explain me it
was so simple that anybody could have
done it and I just thought like yeah
unbelievable so I switch over to CNN and
on CNN the anchorwoman I couldn't repay
all all those anchor women look exactly
alike to me on CNN and I could not
cannot remember which one it was but
she's explaining how an tyfa is good
because they're anti-fascist no no
they're anti-fascist I'm thinking you
know when you put on a mask and you beat
people up for their opinions
you're not a fascist no look you you can
have a debate you can have an
interesting conversation is white
supremacy worse than anti foul whatever
you want is which is more dangerous all
kinds of thing didn't talk about but
she's explaining like like it's so
simple there no but they're anti-fascist
so they're good you know and I thought
all right so I turned over to MSNBC and
MSNBC the Joe Scarborough show is on
Morning Joe and they have the editor of
the new anti Trump of the Atlantic
Monthly and their promo in the Atlantic
Monthly 's new anti Trump issue so it's
got you know stories will American
democracy recover the sudden decline of
a superpower the whitest white house you
know all this stuff anti Trump
anti-trump and the guy says to him you
know there's a quote in this month's
issue that says this this and this and
the guy I guess his name is Jeffrey
Goldberg I want to say is the editor and
he says well which article was that in
and the guy interview him says well it's
that what it says was this listen listen
and he says yeah but we got articles by
Tana he said coach who got articles by
all these different people which article
I can't respond because you're not
telling me which articles are
interviewer had no idea he just had a
card with a quote in it he's asking this
guy an opinion now I don't expect him to
read the entire magazine but at least he
could know so now I turn on CBS and once
I think it's CBS and a CBS there's a
beautiful anchorwoman in New York and a
beautiful anchorwoman in Washington what
they're talking about is why you look
great in that yellow dress really
because your red is just perfect that I
don't thinking like we are drowning in
stupid I mean I don't watch a lot of
this stuff you know I watch it enough to
keep up with the news I try to keep up
with everything and I try to know stuff
but I try to read a lot because there's
information I can judge it better we are
awash in stupid this this is it was like
a sewage line had broken a line in the
sewer had broken and flooded the Airways
with sewage I mean this is and I'm
talking about these this is every point
in the spectrum right this is like well
it's not it's Fox and everybody else but
but all of them I just felt like really
you know and and look some days there's
not that much news and some things you
got to talk about stuff but why not talk
about stuff that's
you know educational why not actually
educate people what's going on instead
of talking about I guess I guess Fox was
educating people on how to make a really
dangerous bomb in case they wanted to
blow up the subway you know there's a
new poll from the University of
Pennsylvania's Annenberg Public Policy
Center says people know shockingly
little about the most basic elements of
our government and the Constitution okay
more than one in three people 37 percent
could not name a single right protected
by the First Amendment
okay freedom of speech freedom of
worship we all that stuff couldn't name
a single right 37 percent right only one
in four people 26 percent can name all
three branches of the government one in
four people I mean this is the stuff
they taught us in elementary school you
know this is our civics lesson one in
four people can name all three branches
one in three people can't name any
branch of government 33 percent can't
name any branch in government a majority
53 percent believe the Constitution
affords undocumented immigrants no
rights whatsoever of course everybody
who's on US soil is entitled to due
process of law and the right to make
their case in the courts and all that
stuff I mean you know it's like all that
air time all that time to talk and
nobody is telling you about the branches
got nobody's telling you anything they
can't take all that time instead of
sitting around and discussing you know a
quote in a magazine you haven't even
read or talking about what color dress
you're wearing that can't take any time
to educate Americans and certainly some
of this has been done on purpose I mean
I I feel so strongly that our young
people and not just young people because
some of these news men some of these
people who are running are anchoring CNN
anchoring Fox was anchoring these places
some of them are victims of this they
have not been they have been purposely
denied their heritage purposely denied
learned being taught about this in order
to have these people teach them the
black lives matter and this is you know
and gay rights and all this stuff that
they could come in conclusions they
could come to by themselves or not if
they had some information and some facts
you know Megan
boxwork rights over where i write to @pj
media she read this piece about a sign
that is now appearing in many
restaurants we have a picture of the
sign there it is okay
I'll reuse in case your eyes says hate
has no business here so this is in a
storefront window all it says are
welcome here we respect women we value
black lives we stand with our LGBT
community members we stand with
immigrants and refugees and people of
all faiths we stand with our community
all are welcome here and there's a
rainbow heart okay
so Megan Fox writes let me interpret
that sign for you you low IQ dunce these
signs are to let you know you hateful
lover of law and order and restraint and
decorum that you are not welcome here
contrary to all or welcome you will
notice that one group is decidedly
missing it's you you think abortion is
murder so you don't stand with women
even though half of those babies being
killed are girls you favor legal
immigration so you don't stand with
immigrants which means allowing anyone
including Isis to just Sally over the
border willy-nilly as they please you
believe in traditional marriage and the
children should not be denied a mother
and father and so you do not stand with
the LGBT community I mean the thing the
reason this is stupid is is this it
fails to distinguish different kinds of
issues okay there's an issue of racism
this is a real issue people are racist
we've had a history of racism against
black people specifically in this
country that's a real issue as I've said
a million times on this podcast it's a
sin against God we are made in the image
of God you don't like the way people are
made you are spitting in the face of God
you are literally spitting about
literally or figuratively spitting in
the face of God so that's one issue okay
gay issues on which I'm kind of liberal
in which I'm a liberal
that's a different issue that's
something people do it's not about your
feelings it's not about who you desire
something people do that you can have a
debate is what you're doing wrong is
what you're doing right is what you're
doing nobody's business is what you're
doing somebody's business that's a
debate is not they're not two sides you
know gay marriage and hate that there
are two sides that can be argued there
because you're talking about a an action
an action can be judged right if I punch
you in the head that's an action that
can be judged I can't be judged for
being black skin
white-skinned that's absurd you know but
you can judge a person's actions finally
we stand with people of all faiths well
I'm not sure I stand with people of all
faiths I stand with all people who
worship God peacefully of course but
some some tenants of religions are wrong
some tenants of religions are bad some
tenants of religion are not are toxic
and some are just in conflict with other
values and we can discuss that we can
talk about that we can't do it from a
position of hate it's not a question of
like throwing a grenade into your mosque
or temple or Church it's a question of
discussing these things these are all
different kinds of issues that have been
blended together to make you stupid they
are trying to make you stupid so that
they can take power it's it is we are
awash and stupid and that is our crappy
culture can we I want to see the crappy
culture got to hear that beautiful music
and I'll be humming that tune all day
tomorrow we have a special interview I
should have talked about this before I
discovered recently a popularizer he's a
philosopher I has a doctorate in
philosophy but he's a popularizer of
philosophy a guy named Edward fazer I
thought his name was Fester I was gonna
call him professor professor but his
name is Edward fazer I gave his book to
been or recommended his book to Ben and
Shapiro has been touting on his show
we're both very impressed with this guy
I had him on the show we had a really
great conversation we taped a
conversation we're gonna play some of
that we're gonna play the whole thing
actually tomorrow so that will be part
of the show
I'm Andrew Clavin this is the Andrew
Clavin show you will want to be here
tomorrow and hear that
