I would like to do something more fun I
probably have not really played guitar
since high school but I brought one in
brought in a guitar and I brought in a
little harmonica so so I'd like if you
wouldn't mind I'd like to maybe close
the show on an acoustic live version of
make America great again oh my would
that be all right I'm gonna grab the
guitar it's like I had braces or
something it's been a little while since
I played guitar okay I'm going to turn
the microphone down here toward the
guitar yeah take it
we'll take it kind of slow like the song
perfect let's see I've been practicing
this for like three hours now so I hope
it's okay
where have we gone astray seems like
we've lost our way
the lies had we been told how put our
dreams on hold and you know if we don't
watch out we could all go under and
drown you have a future depends on us so
you gotta wake up not shake it up now
and let's make America great again
we can come back twice as strong we can
still be the hope of every hungry child
be the son of every freedom stone yes my
dear we can't
like you like I haven't played the
guitar you are too kind you're
flattering me
no or not and play the harmonica I think
I mean that's some serious stuff right
there stop I had to work with time if I
were so tan I would turn red
am I gonna listen Michael show thanks
for coming come back
