and now it is time for the final thought
the left-wing violence erupting on
college campuses has nothing to do with
what conservative speakers have to say
it has everything to do with who
controls what they and therefore you are
allowed to say there is no alt left
there's just the left which has followed
it's bankrupt ideas to their logical
conclusions and now bereft of the
civilized argument that defines human
society and the reason that defines
humanity itself is left only to grunt
and scream like the animals that their
destructive ideas have made them become
Chesterton wrote there is a thought that
stops thought and that is the only
thought that ought to be stopped let's
wish Ben good luck in his speech and
hope that the thought that stops thought
doesn't stop him first
I'm Michael Knowles is the mic on all
show come back tomorrow get your mailbag
questions in we'll do it all again
you
