former presidential candidate and
socialist nudnik Bernie Sanders has
published a new book for young adults I
know what you're thinking you're
thinking oh that Andrew Clavin he's so
funny and creative those wacky hilarious
ideas he comes up with they just make me
laugh and laugh but no I'm actually not
making this up a 75 year old Sanders a
man who spent his honeymoon in the
Soviet Union because he just can't get
sexy unless he's surrounded by bread
lines and gulags has decided to spread
the wisdom of socialism to a new
generation of ignoramuses and suckers
with a book entitled Bernie Sanders
guide to political revolution in an
interview with anyone who would still
talk to him Sanders said quote I wanted
to reach out to all those little
whippersnappers with their gizmos and
whatnots to pull them away from their
bebop music and sock hops long enough to
explain to them why socialism is really
keen unquote in one chapter called
everything you have belongs to me
Sanders writes quote why dagnabbit you
young people today have this dang fool
notion that if you work for something
you should be able to keep it why in my
day a fellow understood that all the
money you make actually belongs to the
state because the state knows how to use
it better than you do so just don't be
such smart alecks and think you know so
much when you're still wet behind the
ears
you darn rascals unquote in another
chapter called socialism works in
Scandinavia or someplace sanders writes
quote you young bucks think you're so
smart you think just because socialism
destroyed the Soviet Union and transform
Venezuela into a hellhole that there's
something wrong with it
well believe me you me you
good-for-nothing rapscallions socialism
works just great and some of them their
Scandinavian countries I've never been
to and if I could remember the names of
some of them why by cracky I'd cite some
facts and figures about them to prove my
point
unquote the book was published at the
end of August and has already generated
some good amazon reviews from its
intended audience one review says quote
I have never read a book before and
found it hard because of all the words
in it but now I know that socialism is
the bomb unquote another review read
quote speaking as a millennial which
means I know at
solutely nothing in yet still want to be
taken seriously for some reason I just
want to say yay socialism or like
whatevs
unquote reporters for the daily wire
approached Sanders for an exclusive
interview about the book but Sanders
shouted at us from his porch quote get
off my property you dadgum juvenile
delinquents what do you think this is a
socialist country unquote
trigger warning I'm Andrew Klavan and
this is the Andrew Clavin show
