I hate to say it but summer is drawing
to a close and that means we only have a
few days left to panic over nothing and
blame Donald Trump you see summer is
that lovely time of year when government
business comes to a halt and the news
slows down so journalists finally have
some time in which they can really dig
deep into meaningless incidents in order
to scare us and make us hate one another
and then blame Trump remember remember
the whole Trump is a Russian spy thing
yeah neither do i but if you look back
at some of your favorite family
snapshots you may catch a picture of two
or two of your liberal aunt Cecile
watching CNN and muttering oh my god the
Russians hacked our elections and even
though I don't even know what that means
and even though I if I took the time to
do a little research I discover that
nothing even remotely like that ever
happened I'm in a total panic about it
I'm sure that Donald Trump is in league
with Vladimir Putin whoever he is and
now our country's in thrall to Russia
like Keith Olbermann says whoever he is
hi yes panicking over Russia those with
some days of summer fun weren't they
there were demands that Trump should be
impeached for some reason and
serious-looking commentators claiming
that even though nobody was hacked and
none of the votes were affected we
should all be very concerned because
something something something and during
all that panic over absolutely nothing
the Justice Department got conned into
appointing a special counsel who is sure
to get to the bottom of who didn't hack
anything and who exactly is responsible
for the fact that the vote was accurate
good times my friend good times
it's too bad autumns on the way and
they'll be real news taking place and
we'll just be too busy to blame Trump
for something that never happened which
he wasn't involved in any way but who
will ever forget our fond summer
memories of Charlottesville when somehow
the media gulled us into panicking over
the fact that about 17 of the 323
million people in our country are white
supremacist dirtbags who lure you in
with tiki torches and then won't even
serve you a poopoo platter I can't even
remember how they got us to think that
Nazis and fashion
left us punching each other and killing
people with somehow Donald Trump's fault
but it sure was a swell old time wasn't
it I hate to think that come September
we'll have to leave this sort of
nonsensical fun behind and get back down
to the business of reading and thinking
about things that actually affect our
lives as a nation but you know even
though these lazy hazy crazy panicking
crazy stupid empty meaningless crazy
lazy days of summer will be over you can
be sure that they'll still be stupid
stuff to send us into a frenzy of hating
one another and blaming Trump all you'll
have to do is turn on CNN or read the
New York Times and it will be just like
summer never ended
trigger warning I'm Andrew Clavin and
this is the Andrew Clavin show
