there's been a lot of talk recently
about white privilege and many of you
may have been wondering what is white
privilege
probably not but I'm going to tell you
anyway white privilege is when liberals
have so few problems that they have the
privilege of sitting around complaining
about white privilege you can see white
privilege in the liberal arts
departments of left-wing universities
for example at these universities there
are college professors who don't have to
know about anything but their own
opinions and who can't lose their jobs
because they have tenure these people
have it so easy that the only thing they
can think to complain about is white
privilege that's white privilege but you
may ask if white privilege means having
it so easy that all you have to complain
about is white privilege can black
people have white privilege too oh
absolutely
say you're a black actor who makes a
freaking fortune on TV by showing up for
a few hours every week dressing up as a
poor person and reading line someone
wrote for you about how white people
have white privilege you now have so few
problems in life that you not only have
the white privilege to complain about
white privilege you have even more white
privilege than a white person with white
privilege because you're black so you
also have the white privilege of never
being accused of having white privilege
many black people of course do not have
white privilege these are black people
who live in cities run by liberals
liberal welfare policies have created a
culture of dependency for these black
people and liberal teachers unions have
kept them too uneducated to rise above
it liberal sexual policies have helped
create a horrific plague of illegitimate
E which is mired these black people in
generational poverty and liberal attacks
on police have left these black people
in neighborhoods so violent that they
are almost like war zones how the
Liberals help these people whose lives
they've helped destroy by complaining
about white privilege why because they
have white privilege so screw the black
people whose lives they helped destroy
now to be fair some liberals do try to
help these black people whose lives they
helped destroy how by pulling down
statues to oppose white privilege why
the Liberals pull down statues instead
of changing the policies that have
helped destroy the lives of black people
because their policies haven't destroyed
their lives in fact their policies make
them feel great about
themselves and what is it called when
you help destroy the lives of black
people but feel great about yourself
while uselessly pulling down statues to
oppose white privilege
you guessed it it's called white
privilege so in conclusion the best way
to tell if you have white privilege is
if you're complaining about white
privilege because believe me if you
didn't have white privilege you'd really
have something to complain about
trigger warning I'm Andrew Clavin and
this is the Andrew Clavin show
