so kanye west's god love the man when I
sat Saturday Night Live he was a late
replacement on Saturday Night Live to
host it and when it was at the toward
the end of it he put on a maggot ad and
he went on in this part was cut out I
think this did not make the final cut he
went on and gave a kind of speech all
they do is call it a rant how you can
tell when Kanye West's ranting as
opposed to when he's speaking I have no
idea and it's kind of hard to hear but
let's play a little bit of it anyway so
he's basically he's kind of half rapping
half talking he says I want to cry right
now a black man in America is supposed
to keep what you feel inside right now
he says and he says the blacks all want
always Democrats she says you know it's
like the plan they did to take the
father's out of the home and promote
welfare does anybody know about that
that's a Democratic plan that's not a
rant that is actually a kind of a truth
of what he's talking about is back in
the 60s or 70s when they were designing
welfare Daniel Patrick Moynihan said you
know if you do this you are basically
promoting the dissolution of the family
because you're going to pay people they
were repeatedly warned that you were
paying essentially people to have
children out of wedlock and if the
father's there they lose their welfare
and it in fact worked out that way the
black family has been virtually
destroyed they are now more black
children being raised in single-parent
homes than there were when the Democrats
who were the slave owners back in the
day when the Democrats were actually
breaking up families intentionally so
there's more now more legitimacy more
single parents and in black communities
than there were during slavery days
when Democrats were actually selling
families apart and making sure to break
them up so he's actually right about
this so people booed and people
applauded you know three to two or three
people applauded and people were shocked
and all this stuff and he's and and he
said Kanye West said they bullied me
backstage they said don't go out there
with that hat on they bullied me
backstage they bullied me and then they
say I'm in a sunken place here's the
thing why is this why is it even news
that Kanye West supports Donald Trump
why is that even news first of all Trump
has improved the lives of black people
in this country economically is
certainly true why is it even news that
a rapper is supporting them it's news
because the left insists on monopolizing
the culture it is not the fans that they
think like oh you know we're really good
at culture so we're gonna cut it is that
they insist on monopolizing it every
single comedian on TV is left-wing every
single one every late-night comedian
there's not one show and if there were a
show if there were a show that had a
comedian who was Pro Trump it would
drive everybody crazy when Fox News came
along Fox News has like 1/10 I think of
the ratings of the networks that the
network's have like 10 times the ratings
of Fox
why is Fox stuck in people head and
people's heads it's because they're the
only people there are the only people
saying what they're saying they're the
only place you can go to hear Sean
Hannity's point of view and the only
place you can go to watch at the Bret
bear news program which is the most
honest program on TV it doesn't have a
right-wing slant and the point that
point here is that on the right I don't
want right-wing culture I don't want
every comedian to be a right winger I
don't want comedians to be right-wingers
of left wingers I think you can laugh at
everybody in politics you really can
because they're all what they are what
we see in front of us they're all pretty
funny but they want monopoly they want
only one side to speak they want silence
on the other side and we have let them
get away with it and it really really
has been a mistake
they because of that it's because of
that that if they can sell this Brett
Kavanaugh narrative it's because of that
that the conversation we are always
reacting to the conversation never
making the conversation it's because
they monopolize the culture and insist
monopolizing it that we are always
fighting a rearguard action against
left-wing tyranny and we have to keep it
up until we take over the mainstream
