here's a new book I'm sure you'll want
to buy and read unless you prefer to
just stick a fork in your eyeball for
free the book by Philip nel is entitled
was the Cat in the Hat black the hidden
racism of children's literature and the
need for diverse books I know that fork
in the eyeball is looking pretty good
isn't it
in a wonderful article over at News
Buster's Tim Graham delves deep into
Philip Nell's philosophy Nell apparently
believes that there may be racism hidden
in our favorite children's books and
that if he can ruin our enjoyment of
those books he might be able to pick up
a couple of bucks and some publicity
without ever having to do anything
worthwhile
thus Philip Nell asks the all-important
question is the cat in dr. Seuss is Cat
in the Hat books really a black person
if you answered no you knucklehead he's
a gray and white cat then you may not be
an English professor like Philip nel you
see Philip now is an English professor
and so he has enough free time on his
hands to look deeper into the substrata
of the cat in the hat' books
he says the cat's top hat and white
gloves show that his character has its
roots in minstrel see the practice of
white performers pretending to be black
in order to entertain people instead of
writing useless books about The Cat in
the Hat
now to me the question of whether the
Cat in the Hat was really a black person
seems simple if you remember the story
The Cat in the Hat bursts into the home
of two children and turns the place
upside down while teaching them the
important lesson that it's fun to have
fun but you have to know how obviously
if a black person did that he'd be
arrested so the question answers itself
but Philip now also opposes Babar the
elephant he says Bob our books present
colonialism in a good light
because Babar becomes more civilized in
European and is thus more greatly
admired by his native people this also
happened to Gandhi and Bishop tutu but
they didn't have the funny long noses so
it doesn't count an article about Nels
book and Time magazine suggests that we
combat the hidden racism in children's
books by asking our children some
important questions while we read the
books to them like whose point of view
is this story favoring what kid wouldn't
love
to be asked that in the middle of
reading his favorite book if nothing
else Philip Nels book has proved that
The Cat in the Hat was right it is fun
to have fun but you do have to know how
obviously Philip Nell doesn't know how
or maybe he just didn't listen to the
cat because he doesn't like black people
trigger warning I'm Andrew Clavin and
this is the Andrew Clavin show all right
boy it is the Clavin las' weekend is
upon us already it was the fastest week
we are just that's how entertaining we
are we're just that entertaining
we have Sebastian Gorky advisor to
President Trump he's going to join us to
discuss the news of the day and
meanwhile we're good so we're gonna stay
on Facebook and YouTube so you can watch
the interview but that doesn't mean you
shouldn't subscribe you should subscribe
to the daily wire.com to support us but
also to be in the mailbag we had a good
mail bag yesterday answered questions
all the answers were a hundred percent
correct and change people's lives some
of them for the better and if you
subscribe but for a hundred bucks a year
you get the leftist tears tumblr so you
can drink your leftist tears cold or hot
as you prefer um also you know my wife
would say my wife yelled at me yesterday
she said I'm picking on Michael Knowles
you know I was because I was saying if
you go on and review this show and maybe
subscribe on iTunes the show will move
up the ranking it's not a question of
how many people listen it's how engaged
you are and I was making fun of Knowles
and those was doing a wonderful show and
his went up he got people to review it
which I never pay attention to and so
his show went higher than mine I was
saying we should destroy him don't do it
to destroy him I'll destroy him
personally after the show but please do
go on and review the show and make sure
it moves up over the rankings and
humiliates them no matter what my wife
says
Wow if you are listening to the Andrew
Clavin show and if you're a regular
listener there's a good chance you dress
like a slob and you probably have bad
manners too but that doesn't matter the
important thing is that you look good
even if your morals are decadent and
your soul is crumbling the important
thing is you have to look good and endo
Chino will help you look terrific
by getting you custom menswear at a
price you can afford this this makes
such a big difference I did this I went
to Indo Chino what you do is you can go
to your local endo you know shop and
they'll do all the measuring you need
all the fitting and then they put that
in the computer so they have it or you
can stay at home have your girlfriend or
boyfriend or girlfriend because I guess
this is men's clothes you're gonna have
your girlfriend do the measuring for you
send in the measurements and then
they'll have them and then they will
make you the shirt or the suit you want
you can basically specify it's very cool
it is like creating it in your mind you
can put in whatever kind of collars you
want whatever kind of cuffs all the sort
of things that you do you choose from
hundreds of top quality fabrics and you
personalize your suit just the way you
want it whether it's for work or a
wedding or a special occasion
they've suited up hundreds of thousands
of men and they're now the largest
made-to-measure menswear brand in the
world you pick fabric you pick
everything yeah well it really looks it
really looks so much different than if
you just get your suit off the racquet
lit it's really a totally different look
so this week my listeners can get any
premium into chinos suit for just three
hundred and seventy nine dollars that is
like basically half price it's Indo
Chino calm if you enter Clavin that
check out okay hey ven you didn't ask me
so I'm just gonna tell you it's about
time it's 50% off the regular price of a
made to measure premium suit and and the
shipping is free just go to endo chino
dot-com promo code Clavin for any
premium suit for just three hundred and
seventy nine dollars and free shipping
incredible deal for a suit that will fit
you better than anything off the rack
ever could it really will change the way
you look and when you look better you
feel better so endo Chino comm promo
code Clavin alright we're going to talk
as soon as we have let me know as soon
as we have Sebastian Gorka on the line
and we will talk to him about the news
of the day
because there's a lot of stuff going on
obviously the North Korea thing is you
know they keep saying it's heating up
and it's really rhetoric so far I did
like the Kim jong-un saying he was going
to send missiles off the coast of Guam
they basically the missiles that he's
talking about are not very accurate
they're really he says we're gonna send
him like 30 miles off the coast they're
accurate range of around there so you
know he's trying to blow up not Guam
then last time they set off these
missiles these particular missiles he's
talking about I can't remember the name
of them three out of four of them blew
up they'd failed so I mean we the guy
really has a big mouth and you know
where's our our nuclear weapons arsenal
is pretty good he's out of his mind and
I really like everybody was so
hysterical about Trump saying he was
gonna bring fire and fury but I that's
what I want I want this guy over there
thinking like how crazy how crazy is
Donald Trump you know I don't know
anyway the other thing that's really
been interesting oh you know there's a
interview going around I wish you'd play
this 1999 Donald Trump talking about
whether he might run for president is
talking to Tim Russert and this is back
in the day right when the Democrats are
still telling us this is after Clinton
told us oh we've got a made a deal with
North Korea it's gonna be great and
Trump hears in 1999 saying you know not
so great you say that you as president
would be willing to launch a preemptive
strike against Curt North Korea's
nuclear capability first I'd negotiate I
would negotiate like crazy and I'd make
sure that we tried to get the best deal
possible look to him if a man walks up
to you in a street in Washington because
this doesn't happen of course in New
York but if a man walks up and puts a
gun to your head and says giving you
money wouldn't you rather know where
he's coming from before he had the gun
in his hand and these people in three or
four years are going to be having
nuclear weapons they're gonna have those
weapons pointed all over the world and
specifically at the United States and
wouldn't you'd be better off solving
this really potentially unbelievable and
the biggest problem I mean we can talk
about the economy we can talk about
Social Security the biggest problem this
world has is nuclear proliferation
and we have a country out there in North
Korea which is sort of wacko which is
not not a bunch of dummies and they are
going out and they are developing
nuclear weapons and they're not doing it
because they're having fun doing it
they're doing it for a reason and
wouldn't it be good to sit down and
really negotiate something and ideally
negotiate know if that negotiation
doesn't work you better solve the
problem now than solve it later Tim and
you know it and every politician knows
it and nobody wants to talk about a
Jimmy Carter who I really like he went
over there it was so soft these people
are laughing at us Jimmy Carter
undermine Clinton and really convinced
him to go ahead with the stuff you know
it really he says he really liked him
that was back in the days when he was a
Democrat but you know so he's been
talking about this and it is true that
the everything that's happening now he
inherited I mean he cannot blame him and
yet the press no matter what this guy
says you know no matter what Trump says
it's always going to be the it's always
going to be the the most negative
approach they can take to it so so
anyways he's you know the Kim jong-un is
threatening Guam the guy in Guam is
happy the Trump is standing up to him we
have the governor of Guam had this to
say as far as I'm concerned as an
American citizen I want a president that
says that if any nation such as North
Korea attacks wrong attacks Honolulu
attacks the west coast that they will be
met with hell in fury what I'm concerned
about is if a u.s. senator says initiate
an attack and causing the war and
remembering that there are there in the
Mariana Islands
this is American sovereign soil this is
600 mile archipelago violence similar to
Hawaii where there are over two hundred
thousand American citizens right so it's
important that as we make decisions that
those folks that are in a position of
leadership that they understand too that
war is the last because not only will
tens of thousands American military
forces and dependents of be affected by
a regional war right
but because the western Pacific has
American soil in it then a couple of
hundred thousand Americans could get
caught in the cross
so that's Eddie Calvo the governor of
Guam saying he's happy Trump is saying
this we're Americans over here we want a
strong president standing up them we
have dr. Sebastian
Gorka a deputy deputy ace assistant to
president of United States Donald Trump
and also one of the most articulate and
enthusiastic defenders of the President
of the United States how you doing it's
good to see you
we've we've never met
it's wonderful to finally electronically
meet the great flavin either appreciate
that and I appreciate knowing that at
least somebody in the White House is
listening so that we can set everybody
straight though over there now you we've
been watching this North Korea thing and
I think that the press has reached a
level of peak hysteria over
well they reach a level of peak Asteria
over everything the president does but
you yourself have compared this to the
Cuban Missile Crisis and I remember that
that's not a good thing that was a very
near miss do you really think things
have ramped up that far look I like to
use a quote from a Holocaust survivor I
used to teach before I came to
government military and Nora Forsman
about how the jihadis think and I use a
quote from a Holocaust survivor who was
asked after his whole family was killed
in the death camps during World War two
there's somebody else have a really
facile question so what's your take-home
from your experience what what's the big
so what of the Holocaust and this this 8
year old man said oh that's easy when a
group of individuals repeatedly said
they want to kill you sooner or later
you should take it seriously and whether
it's Nazis whether it's the Soviet Union
or 20,000 plus nuclear warheads or
whether it's the Hermit regime that is
constantly saying that they are
acquiring these weapons to use them
against us and now says they're going to
actually bomb Guam at what point do you
say basta enough is enough and say
diplomacy and and more importantly the
attitude of 1938 Munich appeasement does
not grouping what you expect it to bring
when you're dealing with dictators so I
think the analogy stands I think you
know do stands Andrew so John Bolton
says basically we're going to have to
choose between military action now and
living with a nuclear North Korea are
you convinced that that's where we are
that that's those are the choices we
have I think the choice is very very
much the decision is that this is a
decision tree moment right now whether
we go left or right and the decision
tree branches in Pyongyang it is up to
North Korea Rex Tillerson has said there
is a very easy signal you can give he
gave it three days ago he said if you
stop ballistic missile testing if you
swear you're not going to do illegal
ballistic missile testing you will
understand what happened at the UN
Security Council on Saturday when
everybody including your rich uncle
China said no more no more they have
they have no friends they've got no
friends left Russia voted for a thing
but all the insanity of the you know
Russia collusion delusion the Russian
concussion right
they voted with us to stop this so did
China it the ball is very much in North
Korea's court right now so the New York
Times ran a piece I mean they they have
been this that one of the most
hysterical venues for reading about the
administration they ran a piece saying
basically that the administration is at
odds with itself that everybody is
taking a different tack the funny thing
is it doesn't seem that way to me I mean
it seems like there's a little good cop
bad cop going on but everybody seems to
be saying pretty much the same thing
though Donald Trump uses Donald Trump
Ian language they all seem to be saying
the same thing is that is that's my
impression is that what's going on used
to be newspaper performer a former
newspaper yeah former newspaper and how
is it that the gray lady doesn't
understand that the secretary is a
diplomat that the Secretary of War runs
the
military machine and that the president
is the commander-in-chief I mean you
know Rex Tillerson isn't going to say
bomb anywhere because he's a diplomat
and secretary max Magdeburg mattis isn't
going to be talking about nice meetings
in Vienna at swanky hotels to do
diplomacy so you know this is how a
government works Rex
pallets the mandate for diplomacy and
when he said yesterday was the day
before the president used the language
he used why because the diplomatic
language has not brought the results we
expected so when he says fire and fury
that's the commander-in-chief's right to
say that the man who's got to do the
mechanics of any military response if
there is one is the Secretary of Defense
and the man that does the diplomacy is
secretary Tillison that the New York
Times doesn't understand that the
division of labor in a modern nation is
appalling and you have to laugh because
if you don't laugh you cry that is
absurd it is truly absurd let's talk a
little bit about the Russia I mean I
know this obviously gets up the
president's nose now there's a word that
Paul Manafort house was raided by the
FBI which does seem to ramp up the
Muller investigation I mean when you
raid a house you have to have probable
cause the crime has been committed it
means that when they raid it instead of
just coming over and executing a search
warrant it means that they probably have
a suspicion that he will get rid of
information andrew napolitano the legal
guy on Fox was saying this means that
Muller is trying to turn man affort and
move up the ladder in classic FBI style
does this bother I mean is this agitated
people in the White House what happens
in the West Wing what happens in it's
not what the New York Times CNN
political will having them post wants
you to believe the idea that we run
around without hearing 5:6 saying oh no
mothers done this oh no you know grand
grand jury has been impaneled the fact
that the president has been clear Chad
Kushner has been clear we have nothing
to hide this administration has we are
toughest administration on Russia in
eight years let's just think about what
we've done what we've done with
sanctions what we've done with Syria
what we've done with Crimea what we've
done with fracking alone I mean this is
the alternate you know you talked about
this on your boss all the time yeah you
know my friend Chris plant I office
Institute podcast it's you and Chris
plant here in DC this is a great phrase
for the left reality is optional no
alternate universe we have we have a
stock market breaking it 27th record we
have a 73 percent drop in illegal
migration we've revitalized NATO and
Mosul has been a little predictive I
don't I what the BD asked me to come and
talk about Anthony scale Moochie I say
no I'm not going to because that's not
news let's talk about Isis let's talk
about the economy that's what Americans
want to talk about and that's why they
listen to your show well thank you if
indeed they I hope they are and I think
but the thing about Anthony scaramouche
in the chaos and the the tweets I
shouldn't call it chaos the staff
changes in the White House and the
tweets from the president because he
does seem to get angry about the Russian
investigation and as I've said on the
air numerous times I don't blame him but
it does seem to distract from the
legislative agenda if there is one place
where the administration seems not to be
able to get things going it is wrangling
the cats in Congress I mean it there was
just this exchange between the president
and Mitch McConnell where Mitch
McConnell says his expectations are too
high and Donald Trump said yeah well
you've been promising for seven years to
do this
but one of the things that that did
bother me was that some of this stuff in
the White House was going on while they
were debating the health care bill and I
wanted to see Donald Trump who really is
a good he's very persuasive when he pays
attention and when he focuses on this I
wanted to see Trump kicking butt in the
Senate and getting those guys in line is
there is there any truth to the idea
that there is distraction in the White
House that keeps the legislative agenda
from getting through
look at the track record let's get rid
of the miasma of snake news in the fake
news industrial complex look at the
number just the number of executive
orders and legislative initiatives this
president has brought he's blown Obama's
record out of the water by factors not
by Crescenta jizz but factor so I know
that there is no truth and I understand
I especially understand the base is
concerned with with Obamacare and etc
but the president made a strategic
decision and you know it's a
pro-democracy one so let's stop for a
second he said you know remember this is
the man who is going to wipe out
democracy according to a man he said we
have with yeah right we have separation
of powers we've kept checks and balances
and he said I need to make America safe
so I'm gonna use executive orders to
bring my immigration of measures to book
I'm going to unleash our military not to
nibble at the edges of Isis but to
annihilate them I'm gonna do the stuff
they admit that the executive is good at
now Obamacare the GOP has been talking
about replace or repeal for seven years
and we made the president made a
strategic decision let's allow Capitol
Hill to follow through on seven years of
promises maybe it was a mistake to make
that the decision and say ok show us
what you can do because clearly they
failed it's not our intent to do
everything because there's a reason we
have a Congress there's a reason there's
a House of Representatives and a Senate
so it's it's actually respect for the
protocols and the traditions that made
the president say ok Obamacare that's
what you can do Mitch McConnell and this
is where we are today let me ask one
more question and I'll let you go I have
to ask about this Wall Street Journal
piece yesterday that basically went
after Steve banner now who is obviously
Satan in the minds of the press and it's
funny you know I know a lot of people
who really dislike Steve ban and I knew
Steve when he was a Hollywood guy he was
never anything but gracious and polite
to me that was my entire experience of
him but I do know a lot of people that I
trust and love who have had terrible
run-ins with him so
Street Journal says that Steve Bannon
and his all trite minions are basically
waging war against McMaster and go after
anybody who is you know in a different
faction fantasy a reality totally bogus
I mean really you know what this is it's
lazy journalism instead of actually
finding out what's going on you exploit
the tropes that people expect there's
got to be the goldman sachs globalists
vying for influence against the Pepe the
Frog nationalists it's just lazy
it's just hackneyed you know what you
know I thought as the son of immigrants
as the son of a man who escaped from a
communist political prison I thought I
was adequately cynical about the media I
had no idea I mean when I came in China
you xx I swear to you on the I got a
Bible here okay I'm gonna swear on my
Bible okay
80 to 90% of the stories I read in the
mainstream media about the West Wing
have nothing to do with reality not only
that they are 180 degrees out of whack
with reality I just read an article
yesterday that I am on the shortlist to
be strategic communications director of
the White House false 80% that's right i
I've come in and and I've read articles
things in the room when the issue was
being debated 36 hours beforehand and
the story is diametrically opposed after
what was happening in the building at
the time it's lazy journalism it's cheap
it's lazy it's saddening you know still
they have a psychological block with
November the 8th they can't get over the
fact the New York Times said 92% and
victory for Hillary on the day of the
election
what is the Huffington Post say 98% guys
ethically I'm technically bankrupt
well well tell Steve if he ever wants to
come on we would love to have him on the
show to talk to him thank you very much
you are what really one of the
president's most eloquent defenders he's
lucky to have you
dr. Sebastian Gorka thanks for coming on
I appreciate it thanks a lot really
entry I mean I have to say like if
you're the president the United States
who want that guy talking for you
because he really does defend him and
makes a case all right so you know we
were talking before about how lousy you
look and you know I can't drive this
home to to my audience you know hard
enough how bad you're dressed and you
know your manners and all this stuff and
you can't and you can't keep thinking
that it's too expensive to do this
because now with the internet there is
all these way there were all these ways
that you can dress well and one of them
is five for the five for club and
looking good doesn't have to cost a
fortune five for club has actually
revolutionized the way men shop and I
know I have tried everything I can
mostly I just come in and just dresses
me I come and I'm like that the the
two-dimensional paper dolls you know
that and just folds my clothes over they
you can't see the tabs over my thigh
stand there like this and she pushes me
onto the set but you know I used to have
I used to actually go to people who
would buyers and all this stuff but
they're just trying to sell you stuff at
5-4 club they will send you each month a
curated box of two to three items that
are hand-picked to match the current
season and your style you fill out a
little form you tell them what you like
and you tell them what kind of way to
dress these guys have been helping men
with fashion for over 15 years and
they've shipped over a hundred thousand
men every month they know what they're
doing so if you don't that's okay five
four club will help you build your
wardrobe one month at a time you've got
about $120 worth of clothes each month
for just $60 a month and you can pause
or cancel at any time no commitments
it's not like you know you have to stay
on for a year or anything like that and
it's a 5-4 Club member you'll also
receive up to 50% off items in their
online shop and access to exclusive
Members Only items free shipping and
size exchanges go to five four Club
right now and enter promo code Clavin I
was afraid that would happen if these
are the kind of people we work with ears
que la VA and they'll give you 50% off
your first month's package plus a free
pair of sunglasses I got a pair of their
sunglasses I got this is what a nice guy
I am I gave I got these beautiful
aviator glasses and Jonathan hey just
recently got his aviators license his
pilot's license and I've let mine lapse
you know so I gave I gave them to Jay
they look great they really do 50% off
your first package at 5-4 Club spelled
five-0 you are club.com promo code
Clavin five four club.com promo code
Clavin lookin good does not have to cost
a fortune and the way you look now is
simply inexcusable oh well that was a
really interesting interview and I mean
I think you know obviously he means to
come on and defend his chief and he does
it with real elegant is very well-spoken
in all this and but but swearing on a
Bible that 80% of what you read in the
press is not true and you know I try not
to bring a lot of this stuff on I look
very carefully at where the sources are
you know they say sources close to this
one sources close to that one because
remember every source just like every
person has a motive you know is trying
to sell a certain bill of goods so when
when you're looking at an on an
anonymous source story you have no way
to judge where that guy is coming from
where that source material is coming
from and I know there are great
reporters out there there really are but
some of this stuff you know if you're in
the White House and you hate Bannen and
you're on the other side you might be
feeding them one side of the story if
you like Bannen you might be feeding
them the other side of the story so that
was you got it you know dr. Gorkhas take
on it and I thought he was really
interesting on North Korea I mean there
really are taking a strong line here is
a poll that I a study that was in The
Wall Street Journal this morning that
really got to me because it kind of
reversed what the conventional wisdom is
the conventional wisdom about voters in
America
has been basically that the left has won
the culture war but the right has won
the economic argument the idea is that
we all know that the free markets and
free minds do better for people but we
all want to be you know and we're all
fine with gay marriage and abortion and
that basically that is over and the left
has won the voters Study Group which has
brought together a bunch of people from
different political points of view it's
not a one-sided it's not a one-sided
group guy their name leads Ruttman
recently looked beyond the simple
left-right paradigm in a questionnaire
asking the voters from the 2016 election
to identify both how they voted and how
they felt about various economic and
social issues then he mapped the results
we have the map up here we put the dots
obviously the red dots our Trump voters
and the blue dots are what was renamed
Hillary that's right I forgot you know I
don't know what how I forgot that I must
be because she doesn't matter anymore
because she just doesn't matter anymore
I think that's what it is and while most
Hillary Clinton voters were deeply
liberal in both the social and economic
axis the surprise was the Trump voters
who were very conservative on social
issues but moderate on economic ones by
mr. Drummond's counts 73% of all voters
were left of center on economics and
this is what our man Henry Olson who is
so good at predicting elections this is
what Henry Olson has been saying that
basically we want a safety net we want
to know that we're not going to fall
through the cracks we want to know that
if the factory leaves town we're you
know our children are not going to start
we think the government should be is
rich enough to help us with that most of
the remaining Trump supporters were
quite moderate on economic questions
after the election the so-called never
Trump errs this is an article in the in
the journal after the election the so
called never Trump has claimed that each
of their favorite candidates would also
have beaten mrs. Clinton mr. Drummond's
figures show what a pipedream that is a
presidential candidate like Ted Cruz who
defines himself primarily through
right-wing economic policies begins with
nearly three quarters of the electorate
in the other camp such a candidate isn't
likely to go very far now I don't know
that's a little unfair to Cruz because
Cruz is very socially conservative
but that's my instinct to the Ted Cruz
could never have won that election while
the great majority of voters were
liberal on economic issues a small
majority were social conservatives at
the top of the diagram enough to swing
the election to mr. Trump the crucial
differences between the two parties came
down to social concerns including pride
in America immigration and especially
moral issues such as abortion and gay
marriage the social conservative
awakening that helped elect mr. Trump
came when voters recognized that the
liberal agenda amounted to something
more than a shield to protect sexual
minorities it was also a sword to be
used against social conservatives and
that's what I think too I don't think
people really care what gay people do I
don't think they care if they get
married I don't think they care if
people are you know I mean who goes nice
awake at night worried about whether
some guy he doesn't know wears a dress
or not what they're worried about is
their rights to act on their conscience
because here's the big surprise your
conscience is actually more important
than your sexual equipment what you do
protecting your conscience is actually
more important than protecting your sex
life look I want you to have whatever
sex life it out I could not I seriously
could not care less what people do as
long as it doesn't scare the horses and
that is done with adults and that it's
consensual and people it's just not my
business okay this is might not be what
I said to you if you were my pal sitting
here I might say you know you might want
to live your life a different way but if
I don't know you it's none of my
business and I don't want the law
kicking down your door to get into your
bedroom but the thing is once you start
to say to me that I have to I have to
like it I have to love you I have to
participate in your wedding then to me
that is just way way out of line and
I'll tell you you know I want to bring
this to a larger question about the way
we look at sex in this society at this
moment but first first you can't see
what I'm saying if you can't see and you
can't see if you're not wearing good
glasses or contact lenses and many of
you I know I stopped wearing contact
lenses because it was just too expensive
to get the good ones I'd wear them too
long so they you know I wouldn't be
spending all this money they start to
hurt my eyes
was really bad but that was because just
about four companies have controlled 97%
of the contact lens market until now
because now there's Hubble h ub b l e
and they will sell you premium contact
lenses online so that you can get a
fresh pair of lenses every single day 60
contacts for 30 bucks
that's one dollar a day okay one dollar
a day and they come to your door this is
half the price of other brands you go to
Hubble contact comm and you can get your
first two weeks for free these are
quality daily lenses half the price
contacts are expensive because of this
monopoly these guys are breaking through
Hubble sells directly to you so they can
offer contacts for half the price and
they can send you to an optometrist if
you don't have a prescription today
because you got to get a prescription
obviously for your good contacts getting
contacts has never been more convenient
more affordable no more overpaying or
over wearing go to Hubble contacts comm
to get your first two weeks of lenses
for free 15 pairs of lenses for free you
really can't beat that deal Hubble is
offering my listeners two weeks of free
contacts Hubble contacts comm and you
can get 20/20 vision for half the price
that's Hubble contacts dot-com you know
people say that our society is
sex-obsessed but I don't think that's
right I don't think is sex-obsessed I
think it's spirit deprived I think that
we it's not so much that we look at the
world through our sex lives and our
sexual and think that our sexual
proclivities our identities it's that we
don't understand that our identities
that we are spiritual creatures we have
let people talk us out of what we know
for a fact you know for a fact that you
are you and you know I was reading this
this New York magazine has a sex diary
okay where they asked people to you know
they asked New York teep typical New
York readers to record a diary of their
sex lives and Glenn Reynolds on insta
pend an excellent excellent site he
posted it posted this one of these sex
buyers
of this woman who's trying to find a
mate she has a matchmaker she goes on
match.com and she's a typical New York
writer a New York reader she's I don't
know she's in the some kind of editorial
type position and all this stuff
obviously very well-heeled she has this
description of her dates there's three
dates in this diary I'm just gonna read
you one 7:30 p.m.
shower blow-dry dress agent provocateur
push-up bra with matching lace panties a
low-cut slinky top white slacks and high
sandals I'm sunkissed for my weekend
weekend in the Hamptons I look and feel
like a million bucks 8:00 p.m. excited I
walk the few short blocks to the
restaurant which is smack between my
home and the she calls in bachelor
number one because she goes out on three
days after an amazing meal in an okay
bottle of wine all we need to know is
your place or mine we picked my place
11:00 p.m. things seemed hot and heavy
but bachelor number ones penis is still
flaccid I've been around the block
enough to know it's him not me he says I
have to tell you something I feel a
little vulnerable right now I I have
herpes the only thing I can think to say
is Wow and his response is I can't
believe you think this is a big deal do
you realize almost 70% of the population
has herpes and she responds I'd like to
stay in the other 30% and it goes on and
on like this and if you talk to people
who date now dating is dreadful it is
dreadful and I would like to just
suggest that the reason our sex lives
are so out of whack is because they're
all about sex that your sex like you
know listen I this is not a judgment
it's always all you ever hear is you
don't have sex because they'll do this
don't have sex because it will do that
forget about that forget about whether
you yes or no to have sex what about
going out with someone to find out what
they're like what about getting to know
someone to find out what they're like
what about you know trying to understand
something besides what is going you know
your place or mine I mean that's you had
a great dinner with this guy the only
question is your place or mine I mean
that's such a telling phrase you know
and it's not obsession with sex
it is deprivation of the Spirit they
have let we have let people talk us into
the fact that we're not here that this
is it this meat that surrounds us is is
all there is to us and how we should
live our life and our ID n
oh I'm gay that's my identity I make fun
of those guys on everyday feminism not
because they're loons although they're
loons I make fun of them because they're
asking all the wrong questions that they
should be asking well you know what is
my moral approach to life what do I
think is important what you know how
what's the goal and purpose of my life
and nobody asks that it's like Who am I
why am i gay am i straight to my trans
you know it's like that may not be the
most important question in your life you
know Andrade abuso a terrific short
story writer who became famous for a
while because they made a movie called
in the bedroom that was a big hit but he
was a Catholic writer and he has one
story about a girl who decides she's not
gonna go on any what she calls naked
dating she's not gonna do naked dating
anymore she's just gonna date and she's
not gonna have sex she's not gonna have
sex and basically that's when she meets
the man of her dreams and it's like a
very it's very telling because it's not
the lack of sex that does it it's not
the lack of sex as does it's the
treating people when you put sex out of
the occasion you start to treat people
as if they were spirits and they are and
that because you're actually dealing
with the truth of them all right to get
to stuff I like I have this before I get
to do the final stuff I like on Robert
Mitchum yeah I have to say a farewell to
Glen Campbell Glen Campbell died in his
80s and people don't really remember
what they remember of him was he would
get drunk and get arrested because he
was had incipient Alzheimers and he's
starting to go a little bats and he did
a final tour with Alzheimer's and did a
song I'm still me but back in his heyday
back in the late 60s and early 70s he
was huge he was bigger than the Beatles
he sold an estimated forty five million
records and and he was good - you know I
not to speak ill of the dead but he was
in the John Wayne version of True Grit
and if you watch him he's an amateur
he's terrible in it but that just shows
how big he was that they put him in this
major major motion picture because
people would come to the movie to see
him he's his biggest contribution is
terrific guitars but his biggest
contribution was as a interpreter of the
songs of Jimmy Webb who was one of the
great American songwriters
to the age of great American songs he
did like the worst song one of the worst
songs ever written MacArthur Park
remember him MacArthur Park is melting
in the dark all the sweet song that has
absolutely no meaning you know if you
actually said the words like it's
MacArthur Park is melting in the dark
all the sweet cream icing flowing down I
mean it's terrible but he also wrote
some beautiful beautiful songs Wichita
Lineman by the time I get to Phoenix I
think he wrote gentle on my mind which
is a beautiful one here is just one
Glenn Campbell just to remember the guy
as he heads off to the next adventure
Galveston which is about a guy in the
Vietnam War
thinking about the Texas town of
Galveston
I still
I still see the darker woman she was 21
yeah
Galvis
while I watch
my gun
dream
nice to see her standing
standing there
now to see
it's really Jimmy Webb was just a
wonderful songwriter and that's it is a
lovely song Glen Campbell the great
interpreter of the Jimmy Webb so I
remember back in those days I actually
went to Galveston which is a seaside
resort and I was crossing the causeway
and they just blast that song I don't
know if they do that anymore is this a
long time ago all right stuff I like the
final Robert Mitchum film I want to talk
about Robert Mitchum would have been a
hundred I guess it was last Sunday or
something like this one of the great
tough-guy writers but this is not one of
his best films it's one of those good
bad films is really really entertaining
a film called Thunder Road and it's not
actually the film I want to talk about
but the reason the film is important and
the reason I love to bring it up is
because Thunder Road was partly written
by Robert Mitchum and the word is that
he directed it was secretly directed it
though it's Arthur Ripley I think gets
credit on it so it's basically his his
project and it's about moonshiners and
why is that important well moonshiners
obviously the guys who made liquor and
they were always fighting the revenuers
the IRS who said they were making
illegal liquor and they would come out
and and arrest them and they were always
depicted in the press and they still are
as a backwoods country bumpkins you know
what how stupid they were kind of living
a they just you know brain-dead and all
this stuff kind of like the villains
unjustified but the point of the movie
is why is the government bother its
people in the first place why can't they
make it if you can make your own liquor
why can't you make your own liquor and
it's you know it doesn't actually come
out and say that but it just humanizes
bootleggers and my favorite part of this
movie which like I said is one of those
good bad movies it's kind of a it's kind
of bad but it's so much fun to watch is
that Robert Mitchum co-wrote and sang
the theme song which is one of those
great movie theme songs that describes
the plot of the film so here is the
theme to Thunder Road sung by and
written by Robert Mitchum
Thunder was a
and white lightening was his load great
stuff moonshine to quench the Devils
first The Devil's thirst the law they
thought they had him but the devil got
him first I mean great great great stuff
you know I feel a little guilty leaving
you to the Clavin this weekend with this
threat of nuclear war hanging over your
head so if you hear a loud whomp and
America suddenly becomes a better more
moral place you'll know that Los Angeles
has been destroyed Oh God but not
survivors will gather here on Monday I'm
Andrew Clavin this is the Andrew Clavin
show and hopefully we'll see you then
