a Google software engineer this week
circulated a memo criticizing company
policy with regard to tolerance and
diversity for which diverse opinion
Google tolerantly fired him
we'll analyse plus we'll analyze part in
the Church of political correctness and
its heretics plus Amanda presto Giacomo
Paul Bois and Jacob berry join the panel
of deplorable x' to discuss bureaucrats
climate change qu the MSN's declaration
of trumps demise and coddled guide dogs
on Michael Knowles this is the Michael
Ulster
right so you may be noticing if you're
watching this on video I have glasses
now I made it 27 years without glasses
unfortunately the old eyes do I know I'm
not happy about it
but you know actually I think this could
be a good thing for two reasons one
we're gonna be talking about those nerds
at Google today so if I'm gonna be a
four-eyes this is as good a time as any
also this will help me complete my full
transformation into Rachel Maddow so
I've got the show now I've got the hair
and the the physical stature now I also
have the glasses I'm very happy to say
that okay we have got to get to this the
other thing about these glasses I only
need them for distance so I have to keep
taking them on and off to quote a great
man sad we need to talk about this this
engineer his name is James demo array or
dumb or I'll pronounce it the Italian
way because I want to believe that it
was an Italian American who published
this beautiful memo that is upsetting
everybody at Google the memo is titled
Google's ideological echo chamber and it
went viral it was criticizing the
culture that they have instilled at
Google of political correctness and
diversity and tolerance and this that
and the other thing he's of course been
fired for bringing up a diverse idea so
he's lost his job after this memo went
viral both in the company and on the
internet outside of the company
now before we unfairly lambaste Google I
think it would only be fair to go to
Google CEO sundar Pichai for comment do
we have them come to tolerance camp you
are here because you would not accept
people's differences because you refuse
to accept the life choices of your
fellow man well those days are now over
here you will work every hour of every
day until you submit to being tolerant
of everybody here intolerance will not
be tolerated
Wow very profound words not the accent
that I expected from a name like sundar
Pichai but he went on and explained a
little bit more he said after they can
to this poor guy he said quote much of
what was in that memo is fair to debate
regardless of whether a vast majority of
Googlers disagree with it however
however is that key word here because
however is negates sentences hidden
negates what came before it portions of
the memo violate our code of conduct and
crossed the line by advancing harmful
gender stereotypes in our workplace much
of it is up for debate but if you
violate the if you commit a thought
crime at Google you can be fired because
it violates the code of conduct what a
code of conduct that must be he went on
to say quote the memo has clearly
impacted our coworkers
some of whom are feeling are hurting and
feel judged based on their gender now
this is great NPR is reporting this
morning that there are a number of women
who work at Google who to contradict
this patriarchal and sexist memo that
was going around have stayed home from
work because they're so upset about what
was in the memos Oh way to fight the
patriarchy ladies the memo said that you
were overly emotional and you really
showed them didn't you
speaking of women at Google the VP of
diversity and inclusion weighed in on
that as well
Google's vice president for diversity
and inclusion sent a letter to employees
on Saturday saying the employees memo
quote advanced incorrect assumptions
about gender and is not a viewpoint the
company endorses promotes or encourages
there's one word missing it endorsed
politically incorrect assumptions about
all of those things also what a job
title the vice president of diversity
and inclusion I don't know what graduate
degrees or credentials you need for that
probably just a bachelor's from a
liberal arts university Swarthmore maybe
Wesley and I'm not sure but great good
for her that you got that gig I can't
imagine what they're doing that is what
this is about this is about PC it's
about political correctness and that
issue pervades the entire memo so what
is in this memo I think it's being
reported in certain areas of the
internet that the guy who wrote this
James de Moura is a conservative he is
not a conservative I read the memo this
morning he in many places criticizes
conservatives for various points of view
that the the right tends to hold in the
country but what he's really criticizing
is an oppressive environment that
stifles free speech stifles free
expression of ideas and also literally
discriminates against
certain employees and hiring practices
and benefits that are available to
employees so you're just a few few
quotes from the memo you should go over
and read the whole thing it's
eye-opening that this would get a guy
fired quote high-value diversity and
inclusion I'm not denying that sexism
exists and I don't endorse using
stereotypes the stereotypes is the key
here is more on that later psychological
safety is built on mutual respect and
acceptance but unfortunately our culture
of shaming and misrepresentation is
disrespectful and unaccepting of anyone
outside its echo chamber the title of
the piece is about the echo chamber and
of course even a memo that was
circulated at first anonymously was
enough to get a guy discovered routed
out and fired from Google quote the lack
of discussion fosters the most extreme
and authoritarian elements of this
ideology and that's what he's talking
about this utter emphasis on diversity
of skin color on diversity of gender on
diversity of all sorts except for
diversity of thought the one diversity
that a company probably could benefit
from and and the authoritarian elements
of this as well you see here this vice
president of diversity inclusion all of
these managers whose entire job it is to
program their employees to host seminars
to host training practices to host all
of these events to change the way in
which these employees think and you see
this everywhere this is happening on
college campuses the diversity deans are
multiplying by the hour Yale has
probably hired three more since we
started this show today it's in
workplaces and it's across Google's
platforms there is a well-documented war
on conservatives at YouTube you know
they flew a lot of us out there about a
month ago I was us I went out there
Steven Crowder went out there not gay
Jared our panelists or sometimes
analysts a lot of people from across the
spectrum went out Google said listen
we're gonna try harder they've already
cut off a lot of the revenue to
conservative channels a lot of
conservatives have been banned from
YouTube altogether so hopefully there
will be some remedy in the future but
Google has made its ideological
positions quite clear now the big claim
beyond criticize
what Google is doing the big claim that
probably got this guy fired is he C
committed the thought crime he committed
the one unthinkable thought crime he
said men and women categorically are not
exactly the same did you hear that
Marshall Marshall ran out of the way
he's running out of the room crying can
you imagine that claim he said that
there are heritable differences between
men and women they've been observed
across all of cultures for all of time
these differences can't be explained
solely by social environments or social
conditioning but their biological as
well and he made a few generalizations
here which all of the women at Google
proceeded to prove correct one after
another this morning but he made a few
claims he said women speaking
categorically not speaking individually
not saying there aren't women who don't
have these characteristics or on men who
do have these characteristics but he's
speaking categorically he says that
women are more show more openness
directed toward feelings they tend to
invest more in personal relationships
rather than in it relationships to
things they that women express
extraversion more through gregariousness
or more agreeable certainly this is true
there are other social science studies
to back this up
that women are more prone to anxiety
this is obviously true it's been backed
up by myriad psychological studies it's
been backed up by pharmaceutical sales
but that that in particular riled the
feathers of many in the upper echelon of
Google and that research suggests a
greater nation level gender equality
leads to psychological dissimilarity in
men's and women's personality traits so
as there is a national ideological push
for equality and indiscernible 'ti of
the sexes that those inherent biological
and categorical differences between men
and women become a little clearer they
express themselves a little bit more it
crucially he says many of these
differences are small there is
significant overlap between men and
women so you can't say anything about an
individual given these population level
distributions this is the key because
when when Google or rather when people
on the left
who present this ideological point of
view presented it seems that there are
these binary categories that we're
talking about but we're not we're saying
that there are bell curves there are
there's significant if not major overlap
between those two categories and most
importantly while the left wants to put
us all into little boxes and engage in
the intersectionality pyramid of an
hierarchy of oppression the right
generally speaking wants to judge people
individually you stereotypes come from
somewhere perhaps but you can't judge an
individual based on categorical
assumptions and definitions a firm
belief of the conservative movement
among individualist libertarians people
on the right this is what got Larry
Summers fired this isn't the first time
it's rearing its ugly head Larry Summers
was president of Harvard he presented a
study that suggested that there were
several reasons why women do not appear
at the high end Faculty of stem of
science technology math engineering and
one of the possible reasons is that
categorically speaking the bell curve
might be different so the bell curve for
women might be a little smaller than the
bell curve for men meaning the ten
dumbest people on earth and the ten
smartest people on earth would be men
and then otherwise there would be
perfect overlap between men and women
this was enough to get him can from that
position Larry Summers no conservative
Republican lifelong Democrat the there
was there's also a woman hadn't won the
Fields Medal the math mathematical prize
until 2014 there were there is obviously
a lack of women at these in these
particular areas and there's also a lack
of women at Google itself something like
75% of the leadership of Google is male
69% of the staff is male so certainly
this is a male-dominated field and for
this guy James de Maury to ask why to
say it's perhaps not just oppression and
you know keeping women down because of a
glass ceiling in the patriarchy perhaps
there are some other reasons is enough
to lose him his job now he goes on to
talk about discriminatory practices
apparently at Google there
programs mentoring x' classes only for
people of a certain gender or race
special treatment for diversity
candidates which might effectively lower
the bar for certain people who are being
hired there appear to be some illegal
quotas from what he wrote in his memo
and this shows I think a discrepancy
between the left's understanding of
conservatives and conservatives
understanding of the left there the guy
who put it better I think is Jonathan
Hite who's a social scientist he put it
in a TED talk probably the only TED talk
I've ever sat through the difference
between how we view each other on both
sides of the aisle do we have it so if
you think if you think that half of
America votes Republican because they
are blinded in this way then my message
to you is that you're trapped in a moral
matrix and a particular moral matrix and
by the matrix I mean literally the
matrix like the movie The Matrix but I'm
here today to give you a choice you can
either take the blue pill and stick to
your comforting delusions or you can
take the red pill learn some moral
psychology and step outside the moral
matrix we could say that liberals have a
kind of a two channel or two foundation
morality conservatives have more of a v
foundation or five channel morality we
find this in every country we look at
here's the data for 1,100 Canadians I'll
just flip through a few other slides the
UK Australia New Zealand Western Europe
Eastern Europe Latin America the Middle
East the East Asia and South Asia now
what he is saying is that concert' there
are more moral categories by which
conservatives view the world in which
they see the world different different
ways to value our place in the world and
others around us and the things around
us for the left it's narrower it's more
myopic and so when someone on the right
or a conservative sees someone on the
left doing something stupid they might
say well that's pretty stupid you
clearly don't see the world in its full
picture or in a full enough picture but
c'est la vie that's that's how these
things go whereas when someone on the
Left sees a conservative doing something
because they don't understand these
other moral categories they don't have
as broad a moral vision of the world
they assume
Malus they assumed ill intent or some
nefarious plotting on on the part of the
Conservatives now this kind of language
is really disconcerting we see a
throughout the culture listen to the
doublespeak that we hear from other
Googlers other managers at Google I
think a culture of silence can be
insidious and I think a culture of
vulnerability can be beautiful a mantra
that that we've really tried to embrace
here at Google is bring your full self
to work yeah a culture of silence can be
insidious and let's talk about the
culture of vulnerability the people who
are most likely to lose their jobs if
they open their mouths it is he is
stating precisely the opposite of what
he means to state which is that if you
hold certain views you will be routed
out in the in the name of tolerance and
diversity and fairness despite the very
act of doing that undermining all of
those things entirely let's go on we
have various groups that are called
agents employee resource groups that
focus on a variety of things from
serving the black Googler community to
the Hispanic Googlers community - we
have another people called gayglers and
we're not often aware of how our biases
are actually already living inside of us
inclusion continues to be something that
we really need to innovate around and
work on I'm gonna start calling Marshall
AG AG ler that's in a totally separate
point it's great that's a great little
word of course
ever since Google realized they had this
problem where men are dominating the
company they addressed it by creating
safe spaces that's language that they'll
use to describe it and those spaces are
called employee resource groups it's
part of the program diversity core and
you can go and you can share your
feelings certain employees are allowed
to spend one-fifth of their time coming
up with initiatives to attract women and
racial minorities to the company fifth
of their time it's a lot of money it's a
lot of resources but of course that
won't attract diversity of thought so
too
has decided to file a complaint with the
NLRB National Labor Relations Board
we'll see what comes of that but I
imagine we can't take down the behemoth
either the tech company Google or the
culture that they are taking part of
with that we have to bring in our panel
finally we have to bring in our panel
this is an all-day Lee Weyer panel today
we have the beautiful and brainy Amanda
presto Giacomo we have the less
beautiful and less brainy Jakob Barry
and Paul Bois His Eminence himself guys
thanks for coming here Paul you are a
member of the Congregation for the
Doctrine of the Faith how did the Church
of P see the cult of diversity and
tolerance arise well for that we'd have
to go all the way back to the time of
Karl Marx who was of course the first
social engineer to identify people
according to their economic grievances
and this of course translated into the
social spheres in the early 20th century
with philosophers like Michel Foucault
and charles fourier but that's a more
esoteric diagnosis and I don't think the
people at Google are necessarily
marching under that banner where I think
that virtue signaling gained such a mass
appeal stems from the fact that America
in the 60s and 70s lost its Christian
identity and it what I know you were
gonna say that I am yes you called me
Vox Dei for a reason
so they lost its Christian identity and
lost its ability to forgive itself of
past sins and with that that translated
it into a mass attitude of intense
censorship and hatred of any idea that
opposed the specific coddling and
targeting of various minority groups so
I think that speaks to its mass appeal
beyond that of the hard left who I think
are more ideologically motivated sure
and there is a notion that when you lose
the sense of your connection to I am
that I am when you lose the connection
of the creature to the Creator you have
this question which is who am i which
victimhood category do I fit into and
how do i exploit it for professional
gain at Google a very good question
Jacob is Google more than a private
company is it you know there are these
kind of wonder it's a private company
why
they'd be able to do whatever they want
to do but are they more than that they
they collude with the government they
have all of our data for every single
thing that we will certainly deny having
looked up on the Internet are they more
are they are they super super business
you know are they in part government as
well I don't think they're in part
government i but I do see the argument
that says hey they're doing all these
collusions like Google literally has a
system set up where they they read
everything you search in the Google
search bar and if something suspicious
comes up they report you to the
government and I think that why I'm I'm
hesitant to start an investigation into
Google they are a private company and
that quite frankly they have the right
to to work with the government I think
that us as consumers need to put
pressure on them and say hey we don't
like this we want to see more
conservative voices at Google and on
YouTube is there a fear though I mean I
agree with that absolutely is there a
fear Amanda that this will trickle down
to other companies Google is obviously
they're lunatics they're out there in
Silicon Valley they partake of that the
kool-aid out there with all of the other
tech liberals is there a fear that this
will permeate other companies in the
United States I mean I think it already
has I mean we see it with Facebook we
see it on YouTube and this is all over
the place where conservatives are being
routed out you know you have some wrong
thing and you're in your budet your
can't this guy was just talking about
diversity policies and it wasn't
apparent later than the fall under their
diversity guidelines and he was outed so
I mean we're already seeing it I guess
the answer would be to try to get
conservatives in this tech world you
know I don't know exactly how we do that
if if Google is to coordinate more with
the government maybe you can have some
sort of case where you know there could
be some overreach but again I'm not one
to push any sort of government action to
you know restrain something I think you
could have ended that sentence after
government action I am NOT one no just
stay out of here yeah and and stay out
of the rest of this conversation you
people who are too cheap to go to daily
wire.com speaking of Facebook in YouTube
we have to say goodbye to you both we
probably will have to say goodbye to you
both because we'll be kicked off there
shortly go over to Daly wire.com right
now you get to hear the rest of the
panel of deplorable z' you'll get the
leftist tears mug keeps your left is
tears hot or cold always salty and
delicious and you can hear Amanda and
Paul and Jacob keep pontificating on the
news of the day but only if you go to
daily wire calm right now ten bucks a
month you get Ben Shapiro show Andrew
Clavin show and my show so do it right
now we'll be right back
now we have to get to the important news
like the Sun monster federal agencies
have leaked a report on the dangers of
global warming while President Trump is
away on vacation it warns that
temperatures could increase two degrees
Celsius over the next hundred years and
if we stop if we don't do anything and
if we stop emitting these greenhouse
gases then they'll still increase half
of degree celsius over 100 years now
luckily we have a feed to the federal
climate officials environmentalist
bureaucrats what is your reaction
measured thought a typical typically
thoughtful response from the federal
bureaucrats Paul aside from the global
warming we've talked about global
warming let's talk about the leak is
this another example of the deep state
trying to undermine President Trump an
example of the deep state no an example
of fake news from New York Times yes
because according to an article on Fox
News right now
there actually was no several scientists
who authored the report are now publicly
claiming on Twitter that the New York
Times published fake news and that the
report was available on the internet
archive's going all the way back to
January so no deep state here but
Trump's other enemy fake news absolutely
fake news New York Times that is a much
more dangerous enemy than those
bureaucrats Amanda President Trump is
likely going to ignore this report I
assume his USDA has stopped using the
term climate change apparently they're
now instructed to use the term extreme
weather can we say safely that we're
living in the best time line is this
just the best thing ever
I'm just waiting for President Trump to
retweet his old tweet about China
creating images basically this is why
all conservatives and people on the
right voted for Trump because he's not
going to put up with the propaganda with
the PC language you know his global
cooling global warming
and climate change climate change is a
PC propaganda term in and of itself good
for him to read it we're playing by his
rules this is in part why he why he won
that's right this is boldness we have
not seen before uh with many of the
other men on that stage who are running
for president 2016 I don't think that we
would see turning away from the language
of climate change or climate crisis or
whatever
Al Gore thinks up this morning is this
some evidence that President Trump is a
conservative in maybe a different way
and maybe a more meaningful way than
some of the other people that were
running for that seat well I actually
kind of think it shows the opposite he
thinks like a leftist he goes after them
he uses their tactics President Obama
stripped words away that he didn't want
like you know with his with his
intelligence reports or whatever I'm
gonna Trump has the same you know focus
that he's gonna play just as dirty as
they are and so it's kind of it kind of
shows the opposite in my opinion it
takes a thief to catch a thief very very
true Jacob regardless of the fake news
from the New York Times but I repeat
myself are leaks in general are they
good for the Republic we've seen so many
leaks coming out of the Trump
administration are they good for the
Republic or do they do more harm than
good are they damaging to the presidency
into the country
I honestly think they do more harm than
good you see what everyone talks about
Oh what about Watergate Watergate was
done through leaks and well there's one
problem
Watergate actually showed that there was
illegal activity going on
none of the leaks that I've been really
show any kind of illegalities none
whatsoever so I honestly think the ones
that are being released is just an
attempt to this rub president truck from
governing speaking of Watergate the
Washington Post
democracy dies in darkness as they tell
me why shouldn't post write a headline
this morning quote Trump's base is
officially crumbling this is based on
new polling data that shows his approval
ratings are falling Jacob when did the
Washington Post lose all of its
credibility was it immediately after
Watergate did they have a sudden leeway
in between there
why how has it fallen so far when did it
happen I honestly think it happened in
the 90s we definitely saw the mainstream
media
come together for the first time openly
you know before was kind of done in
subtle ways but definitely in the 90s
with with President Bill Clinton it was
done more in the open
oh we're gonna cover up all the massive
spending and then all of a sudden in
2003 their their fiscal conservatives
under george w bush for all the for all
the spending bills he wrote so you know
I think that honestly it came more out
in the open in the in the early 90s I
would say certainly with that motto that
pathetic motto they'd started this year
democracy dies in darkness you get
headlines like that I'm surprised I
didn't use three or four exclamation
marks at the end ridiculous Amanda the
approval numbers are down according to
the polling Trump's numbers are down
especially among his base but these are
the same people who told us that Hillary
at a 99.999 percent chance of being
elected president should we believe them
are the numbers worth believing or is it
just more fake news
so I mean you got to be careful again
just coming from this election I'm not
one and just you know take these polls
and believe them wholesale you know
again this was this was the same media
that's the same analysts who are telling
us that we were going to see a
referendum on Trump with the special
elections that didn't turn out but but
if we look at Rasmussen for instance
which is tends to be the most accurate
of these polls Trump's at forty one and
then the most right wing to the
diplomatic putting it love Rasmussen
polling polling so basically that like
forty one percent so it it looks like
his numbers kind of dropped off a little
bit and that could be you know if these
are legit at all that could have been
you know we saw Trump attack sessions I
don't think it's base particularly like
that you know just recently the mooch
wasn't the best time I will not hear
that I don't believe them we disagree i
disavow a man that i disavow I love you
mooch pulling pulling is right at all we
should see an uptick pretty soon I mean
present Trump has a lot of good wins in
the foreign policy front so we'll
probably see we'll probably see these
numbers go up and again with general
Kelly - we
down so I would expect these numbers if
they're accurate at all to get a boost
anyhow if they're accurate at all is a
big qualifier well if the numbers are
legit
what can President Trump do to hold the
Congress in the midterms to be reelected
what can he do to bounce back well I
absolutely think he can bounce back
Michael I think Trump's rhetoric Trump's
agenda Trump's spirit I still think I
read it readily appeals to his base I
think most of them are just experiencing
fatigue over the past couple months is
attacking of Jeff Sessions the scare
Moochie ordeal I think if he just gets
over those and he gets a well oiled
machine going and he brings them the
Magath at he promised them I he'll
bounce back and I think he'll win in the
landslide he just really needs to get
that going and it's really a question of
ten he oil his machine bring me the
magma bring me the calf FA that that's
all I want that's all I'm asking for we
have to get all you can get the the
raise act to pass because you know
Republicans are terrible and they some
of them already against it if you can
get that to pass I think that'll his
base would be really excited about that
you'll have to hurt all those cats in
the Republican Conference in Congress
which is not the easiest thing to do but
if he can you're right maybe he can
bounce back he can get a legislative win
under his belt but all of that none of
that matters none of that matters coming
out of Congress or the economy or the
White House because a new study
published in the Proceedings of the
National Academy of Sciences suggests
that coddled puppies make poor Guide
Dogs this is important they make poor
Guide Dogs
Amanda does this explain our terrible
generation it's almost like parenting
matters it's so fine to see all these
leftist headlines like so shocked that
this would like have an effect yeah I
mean you cattle children or puppies
they're not going to be the most capable
or self-sufficient or you know the best
guide dogs or the best people to hold a
job and not be in their beige mom's
basement I mean it's all kind of
connected here so you know hopefully
this will click on the puppies they'e
bees and gender studies they get em FAS
and are
a lot of terrible effects from those
parents coddling those poor puppies Paul
it has become cliche to call Millennials
snowflakes they have been helicopter
parented there is their participation
trophies there is grade inflation sure
but they're also stuck with a ton of
student debt unprecedented student debt
they are stuck with a lot of federal
debt the national debt because of
unfunded liabilities that their parents
have left them and not paid for is it
are we being too harsh on the
Millennials is it is it fair to call
them coddled well you brought me on here
so I'm going to say this I think it's
fair to call Millennials spiritually
malnourished and I think that largely
stems from the breakdown of family the
breakdown of important social structures
of the breakdown of religion and
morality and so I mean the way I put it
is the baby boomers had the party the
Gen Xers got the leftovers and the
Millennials got stuck cleaning it up you
know we're the generation you know
brainwash and a massive college debt
we're the generation of broken homes
with a generation of technological
gluttony so I think they deserve a
little bit more of our pity than our
scorn
sure absolutely is there is there a way
out though is there a way to satiate
their spiritual malnourishment or is
there any hope of a Great Awakening on
the horizon or are we all just headed
for a nihilistic nothing short of a
spiritual revolution is going to do it
but I mean if there's one thing that
does we should all definitely take hope
in is the fact that we're Millennials
are conservative and where they are
religious they are very conservative and
they are very religious there is a very
much a hunger among millennial
conservatives to seek the Orthodox to
seek sort of what was deprived of them
by the baby boomer generation I think
that's something that may translate into
a powerful social revolution there's
also clearly an exuberance among young
people but I'm speaking politically here
you know of these kind of mischievous
fun people are both at the millennial
generation a little bit younger they
don't seem to be totally brainwashed
politically correct people they seem to
be rebelling against that a little bit
so maybe there's some hope who knows I'm
an eternal optimist Jacob back to the
issue and
and if we are spending money studying
puppy parenting shouldn't we have
already cured cancer or something or
what you know we've heard all of these
stories about federal science funding
going to run shrimp on treadmills and
study lesbian obesity or are our
resources being a little misguided here
oh yes
101 percent how they allocate these
these studies I have no idea I remember
a Glenn Beck did this performance where
he was saying unelectable and he said
that anyone who suggested that we would
study what happens when fire hits ice
they should just be taken out and
executed now I'm not advocating violence
again against these people but you know
sometimes like I definitely get the
sentiment you know it's like you know
what sentence what's good we've got
terrorism we've got actual problems that
funding for these studies can go to and
instead we're worrying about lesbian
dance therapy I know that's a favorite
attack of ben shapiro c-list attack
lesbian dance that theory and I'm all
for it we should we should cut it we
should cut the fat and focus on what's
important I keep inviting him to my
lesbian dance therapy class I think it
would be really good for him I would
help him relax he's a busy guy he still
hasn't taken me up on it okay well on
that call to violence I have to say
goodbye to all of you because now it is
time for the final thought
Google I'm gonna put my smart glasses on
for this final thought Google keeps
using those words diversity inclusion
and tolerance I do not think they mean
what Google thinks they mean the company
has sent a crystal clear message today
that they will not tolerate any hint of
the only diversity that matters
diversity of thought in the name of
pre-thought they suppress speech in the
name of diversity they exclude those
with diverse points of view in the name
of tolerance the high clerics of Google
will not tolerate heretics GK Chesterton
and orthodoxy identified Google's
illiberal central premise the thought
that stops thought there is a thought
that stops thought he wrote that is the
only thought that ought to be stopped
wise words
I'm Michael Knowles this is a Michael
Nolt show come back tomorrow and we'll
do it all again
