google has announced its new corporate
slogan be evil the company said it was
only a minor change from their former
slogan don't be evil which was abandoned
in 2015 after it was found to put too
large a burden of responsibility on
Google management in a statement issued
to reporters Jenny turpitude Google's
director of moral diversity said quote
the company found our management was
wasting too much time trying not to be
evil which required restraint tolerance
and wisdom being evil comes much more
easily to us and should save the company
countless millions in effort and
man-hours unquote the company decided to
make the change after firing an engineer
who wrote a memo containing simple
truths out of keeping with the political
correct lies that made company brass
seem virtuous when they actually weren't
the engineer James d'amour had suggested
that there might be biological reasons
why women preferred different jobs in
tech than men do and why men rise to
positions of higher power and
responsibility within the company these
biological differences include the facts
that men are men and women are women
that politically correct lies are not
actually the truth and that reality is
actually reality while unreality is not
Molly be silent Google's director of
diversity through utter sameness
responded to Dan Moore's memo saying
quote damn Moore's comments are
unforgivable not because they're sexist
and hateful but because they're true and
thereby burst the bubble of the leftist
fantasy world in which we are good
people and return us to the real world
in which we are bad people
this is intolerable and mr. d'amour had
to be fired quickly before we were
forced to look into the mirror and see
ourselves as we really are
unquote mr. d'amour further expressed
the opinion that Google's corporate
culture of diversity was really a
corporate culture of sameness because it
suppressed any opinion that opposed it
Wendy boots stomp Google's director of
diversity through thought policing
responded by saying quote mr. demora
simply wrong and we will continue to
prove our commitment of diversity by
firing anyone who disagrees with us
unquote in announcing the new be evil
slogan google also announced further
changes from now on Google search
results will be returned in order of how
much Google management agrees with the
opinions expressed within those results
and people reading search results
with opinions the management does not
agree with will be forced off line then
hunted down and hounded from their homes
Google also said that people searching
for the term fascism will now find an
adorable new Google logo logo with the
letters formed by bunny rabbits and
rainbows when you run the mouse over the
logo the bunnies will come to life and
you'll be arrested for searching for a
forbidden term Google's new director of
diversity through overwhelming strength
Adolfo Hitlerian says the be evil slogan
reflects Google's commitment to fire
every employee who dares to speak the
truth and to censor search results until
they reflect nothing that resembles
reality miss Hitlerian said quote you've
heard it said you shall know the truth
and the truth shall set you free well by
golly not on Google's watch unquote
trigger warning I'm Andrew Clavin and
this is the Andrew Clavin show
see top see it as if it is in its
all right we're gonna talk we can still
talk about Google until they catch up
with us I guess we're gonna talk more
about Google we've got Bjorn Lomborg The
Skeptical environmentalist he's going to
discuss how to be an environmentalist
while remaining seen which is something
that sometimes seems kind of hard to do
it's the mailbag tomorrow so you want to
get your questions in today you cannot
ask your questions unless you subscribe
you subscribe it's a lousy 10 bucks a
month you can ask anything you want and
all the answers are guaranteed 100
percent correct and will change your
life on occasion for the better you
really can't ask anything you want 10
bucks a month if you subscribe for the
year it's only a hundred bucks a lousy
hundred bucks for the whole year and you
get the leftist tears mug and by the way
by the way first of all let me say an
immense congratulation congratulations
to Ben Shapiro who I noticed was like
number two on the news podcast he's
double number one news number two on
overall overall only Oprah is bigger
than he is which is kind of like saying
God is bigger than that that is
absolutely great and he told me to tell
you he did say this is just a minute ago
he told me to tell you please go on and
put reviews for my show on if you
enjoyed the show it's very helpful if
you put reviews on iTunes good reviews
obviously on iTunes and it helps this
shows you know profile alright but let
us talk about flowers giving your wife
flowers some of you wise may get if we
give you Jessie ever give your boyfriend
flowers he doesn't want flowers you do
all right there you go come on this is
because Austin you're a small-minded you
didn't think she was gonna say well
maybe it was me who was small-minded I
always get that confused but you know
you want to give flowers a lot because
you don't want to give flowers and have
your wife or boyfriend say to you you
know how come you're giving me flowers
did you do something wrong you want to
constantly be showering the people you
love with love and showering with
flowers and that is why ProFlowers is
such a good deal they want to help you
surprise people for no reason at all
while also surprising you with a special
deal that's pretty nice right they will
give you a special deal so you can give
a special deal to the person that
you love this is a special deal for my
listeners you can get 20% off any of
their unique summer rose bouquets or any
other bouquet bouquet for 20 of $29 or
more so you get 20% off if your summer
rose bouquet or any other bouquet is $29
or more these colorful rainbow roses are
always a hit if you aren't sure what to
send someone
these are guaranteed to stay fresh at
least seven days or your money back and
you control the delivery date that come
and they pack them in water in these
sponges so they stay extra fresh and
they give you more bloom for your buck
big beautiful flowers with more stems
for your money 20% off summer roses or
any other bouquet of $29 or more go to
proflowers.com and use my code a.k.a
checkout now you may say how do you
spell that
you spell it ake this proflowers.com
code a kay don't wait to make someone's
day so Google fired this guy this is
unbelievable this guy James Dan where he
writes a piece basically saying that
women are different than men and that
may have something to do with why they
don't get the same tech jobs that men
get and why they don't rise to positions
of power women care more about you know
as an internal memo is like 10 pages
long he said he was in favor of
diversity he didn't want to get in
anybody's way obviously this doesn't
apply to all women it doesn't apply to
all men it's just a general statement
about the general nature of men and
women that women tend to care more about
people and men tend to tend to care more
about things that men care a lot about
status and have this drive to be high
status that women don't have women have
more balanced views of life I mean if
you ask me but the thing is we have
different views of life we're men and
women that is what one of the beauties
of life is one of the things that makes
life beautiful for most of us I think
that that is one of the consolations of
living the difference between men and
women as the French used to say you know
vivre Lud if Hoss they used to say and I
don't know I think that means I
surrender in French but maybe that is
something out there but anyway here here
is the thing that you know they
certainly fired the guy they find the
guy and they fire him what was it they
had this wonderful line they fired him
he violated violate our code of conduct
and crossed the line by advancing
harmful gender stereotypes in our
workplace do not advance harmful gender
stereotypes
in our workplace unbelievable he also
accused them by the way silencing
conservative opinions silencing
conservative opinions you're fired I
think it's kind of a dead giveaway that
he had something to say look the thing
is women have been ship men and women
have been shown again and again they
have different tendencies different
predilections and it's a bell curve
obviously there are women who are more
like men men or more like women but it's
a bell curve in general men have a
better time manipulating objects in
space which sounds like a small thing
but it actually is a big thing when it
comes to engineering in their minds men
are more capable to envision objects in
space they are better at abstract
reasoning than women are the hilarious
part about this Amanda presto wrote a
piece about this on The Daily wire some
of the women were so upset some of the
women at Google were so upset by the
memo that they stayed home acting like
women you know it's not it's not that
big a deal
the women are too upset to go in they
just they just you know it's just were
too emotional to go in but the thing is
I mean here's the thing this you want to
see I'm gonna when I at the end of this
at the end of this conversation I'm
gonna this is a pile of horse dung but
at the end of the conversation I'm going
to get to the pony underneath the horse
song because there is a pony underneath
the horse line but if you want to see
that you remember Jonah Goldberg his
wonderful book of liberal fascism and
had this cover do we have the cover of
his book with the image that yeah there
is the smiley face with Hitler you want
to see this smiley Hitler face come to
life okay
this is woman Megan Smith who used to be
a Barack Obama's chief technology
officer okay now remember yesterday we
were talking with Knowles about how NASA
under Obama was directed to for Muslim
outreach it's like and I believe you
know if we could send a Muslim to the
moon we could send them all to the moon
right this no that's a terrible terrible
thing to say don't laugh at that Austin
you only encouraged me but but here's
they face here so here is Barack Obama's
chief technology officer you want to see
that smiley fascist face come to life he
or she is talking on Bloomberg TV
about the evil of having opinions that
disagree with her but it's there it's
insidious and so many people women of
all races men of color experience what
we what I call a death by a thousand
paper cuts you know this this stuff is
personal it sort of comes at you it's
insidious and it's all around the
culture and then when you're getting in
it's so personal it's high and it's
agile yeah it's hard to understand it as
a pattern but it's almost class action
if you can see the pattern it's a it's a
class action it's as classic damaging to
have opinions you know to have opinions
that are not the mainstream opinion that
are not the opinion that Google wants to
sell you it's damaging to people people
you know they need their safe space they
need their trigger warnings so the just
to continue on this like smiley-faced
fascist rampage the interview where
Bloomberg listen to the question she
asks she says set us straight accept the
science straight here look you're an
engineer yourself for anybody out there
who believes that there are biological
reasons for the under-representation of
women in engineering please put this to
rest yeah it's it's a lot of mythology I
was lucky to go to MIT and Mackenna
mechanical engineering and I've Chuck
vest to as president of the university
ran a study with a lot of the University
in the 90s and one of the things he
wrote at the intro of that is when they
showed all the discrimination that was
happening both who gets recorded in
history who gets what promotions who
gets what laugh sizes who gets what kind
of funding for their research etcetera
he said I I thought it was part myth and
part reality I said I've learned from
this study that's almost all reality and
we really need to work on this and
change this because of course we want
all of our talent went to play the whole
American team the whole American be that
smiley face themselves don't have
opinions or you're off the American team
we want the whole American team except
for damn war we want the whole American
team except for conservatives we want
the whole American team except for
people who believe in what they see with
their own eyes and in fact what the real
studies say which is not what she says
there at all I'll talk about that in a
minute but first I just want to remind
you that August is underwear month so
are you gonna be gabbing your underwear
tree and you'll have you know gifts
under the
seen underwear Carol's you know that's
that's what we do right and you you will
have box gifts under the underwear tree
and you want to give people underwear
and that's why you want to go to me
undies me undies the pirate on Mondays
are a pirate underwear pissed celebrate
me undies is making it easier than ever
to try the world's most comfortable
underwear by giving you a risk free
guarantee all through this month all
national underwear month long if you
don't love your me undies they are free
and you will love me there make this
stuff I you know they sent me some so I
could test them they're made of the Sun
stuff lensing micro mode al rhymes with
pal micro mode al it is softer than
cotton naturally sustainably sourced
it's it is three times softer than
cotton and you can feel it there really
is a big difference it's natural
breathable eco-friendly fabric extruded
from Austrian beasts trees right and it
is actually inhibits odor as as I said
this is why Austrians can creep up on
you because they can't smell them coming
it just got soft cool and cozy me undies
and now until August 31st the end of
national underwear month you can get 20%
off your first pair plus free shipping
at me undies comm slash Clavin Kea and
me undies comm Clavin me on DS comm
slash button they have all these
different designs it's really cool I
mean a really fun you can go and go on
the website and just look at them
because you will see that they're really
different underwear you can get them
black and gray I'm kind of conservative
so that's what I did but you can also
get all kinds of designs and they are
specially geared by the way to men and
women so they're especially comfortable
all around going back to smiley face
Hitler over here you know this is the
way they always said it's a complete
myth its total myth just steven pinker
as a science writer that I really admire
a really good science writer and he
points out the fact that it's just it's
just in so that the datum as he calls
them the data that come out show that
women you know there's this thing called
the sometimes called the jackie robinson
effect there have been times when women
were barred
from doing things there have been time
when people were barred from doing
things because of their race just like
today through affirmative action Asians
are barred from getting into Ivy League
schools they cut back on the eighth
number of Asians so they can let other
minorities come in and when you take
those bars away the minute you open the
door the people come flooding in
sometimes it takes time from them to
rise up to the level they need to rise
up to but they come flooding in the
Jackie Robinson effect let a black guy
play baseball definitely he's eight you
know
these they're plenty of great black
athletes and they should join the game
and so that that very quickly corrects
itself with feminism that doesn't happen
because there's things that women like
to do better than other things and
things that men like to do better than
other things it's that simple and things
that men and women are better you know
it's it's insane that these people
believe in evolution which has one
purpose it has one purpose the
reproduction of the race right that's
all evolution cares about is who
reproduces so you're not gonna make
women good at the things you know how
come women can tell if you've eaten a
cookie when you're three blocks away you
know I mean that's what ya good at doing
things that there are other things and
guys are good at doing things that keep
mother and child alive so Pinker points
out that they're they're always talking
like this is absolutely no proof to set
us straight remember the interview on
Bloomberg Susilo straight and Pinker
says you know I've taken many
controversial positions over the years
and as a member of homosapiens I think
I'm right on all of them but I don't
think that in any of them I would say
there is not a shred of evidence for the
other side even if I think the evidence
favors one side I would not say that the
other side can't even make a case for
their position even if I think that
their case is not as good as the one I
favor and as for saying that a position
is as conclusive as any finding in
science as this is what the woman's say
the feminists say well we're talking
about social science here this statement
would imply that the extreme nurture
position on gender differences is more
conclusive than say the evidence that
the son is at the center of the solar
system so in other words what he's
saying is we're not sure about some of
this stuff we're still finding it out
but this attempt to shut people down
shows demonstrates fear and here's what
Pinker says the data show
the datum is that gender difference in
the physical sciences engineering and
mathematics and I think if you look at
the range of professions the size of the
sexes discrepancy is predicted by how
much spatial cognition and how much
abstract mathematical reasoning each of
those jobs requires in terms of the
effects of parents expectations there I
think there was a sense starting in the
1970s that the model for development is
that as the the twig is bent so grows
the branch that very subtle differences
in parents perceptions early in life can
have a lasting effect you aim the child
in a particular direction and you'll see
the effect years later I think now
there's an enormous amount of research
spearheaded by the behavioral genetics
revolution that that is not true that
there are effects of parenting parental
expectations parental treatment on young
children when they're in the home and
that in every study short of outright
used to neglect those effects peter out
in other words you know it's not nurture
it's not the society it's not what
you're being told is who you are it's a
part of who you are I mean there is no
society on earth where men and women do
the same thing it just doesn't exist so
here back to smiley-faced Hitler hears
Megan Smith's answer to that here's what
we can do instead though we need to have
the priority up and directly address
these kinds of challenges when they come
and help these engineers evolve you know
they are misguided and they're
destructive to their colleagues it's it
causes people to leave the industry and
it's bad for shareholder value you know
we know that more diversity means make
better products have better results so
we want the genetic flourishing of all
humanity all the Americans all the
people of the world in on making this
process especially as we move to AI and
data science these are very powerful we
don't want to write this discrimination
racism ageism sexism into into our
algorithms which is what can happen very
easily if we don't nip this stuff in the
bud as it appears nip it in the bud fire
the fascism is strong with this one
she's like released
again it's all with the smiley the
American team the American team but not
you're not on the American team if you
disagree with her just just amazing and
you know they're putting this into play
in a wider range I'll talk about that in
a minute and I will talk about why I
feel there's some good news of Pony
buried at the bottom of the horse tongue
here but first let me talk about this
you know the reason they stopped wearing
contact lenses which were really I loved
contact lenses they were so good too you
know they made it so easy for me to play
tennis and do all the stuff the active
outdoor stuff that I like to do but it
was just it was so expensive to get the
good ones the ones that you know stay in
then you can take him out each day and
all this stuff and it was such a pain in
the neck to constantly be hunting them
down so Ned and the reason for this was
that for companies control 97% of the
market for companies perform controlled
97 percent of the market so there wasn't
enough competition to make the market
good for the consumer but that is until
now because now there is Hubble and
Hubble will deal directly with you which
brings the price down you can get a
fresh pair of lenses for every single
day for much less 60 contacts for 30
bucks that's one dollar a day this is
half the price of other brands so go to
Hubble contacts dot-com Hubble contacts
comets hu be ble and you will get your
first two weeks for free which also is a
good price these are quality daily
lenses for half the price of the other
guys contacts are expensive because of
this you know virtual monopoly these
companies have had but Hubble sells
directly to you so you can offer
contacts for half the price they can
send you to an optometrist if you don't
have a prescription and it's just
incredibly convenient and affordable
no more overpaying or over wearing so
you don't keep them in your eyes because
they cost so much go to Hubble contacts
comm get your first two weeks of lenses
for free 15 pairs of lenses for free you
can't beat the deal Hubble is offering
to my listeners two weeks of free
contacts go to Hubble contacts calm and
get 20/20 vision for half the price
hu BB le contacts dot-com we got to say
goodbye to Facebook and YouTube but we
got Bjorn Lomborg coming up so come on
over to the daily wire comm you can
listen you could watch you could watch
if you would just subscribe for a lousy
10 bucks a month you
also be in the mailbag and if you liked
the show go on iTunes and give us a good
review it apparently is a very very
helpful so come on over Daley wire.com
so listen to this Google as you know
owns YouTube I'm thinking son beginners
I think it's time for a little bit of a
you know a monopoly investigation here
you know this may be violating they own
YouTube so it's not enough that they
fire a guy one of their own employees
cuz he expressed wrong think opinions as
Orwell would say Google has announced
will soon be applying tougher treatment
this is YouTube I'm sorry will soon be
applying tougher treatment to videos
that aren't illegal but have been
flagged by users as potential violations
of our policies on hate speech and
violent extremism that's us folks if we
find that these videos don't violate our
policies but contain controversial
religious or supremacist content that
will be placed in a limited state the
videos will remain on YouTube behind an
interstitial won't be recommended won't
be monetized and won't have key features
including comments suggested videos and
likes YouTube has also rolled out a
trusted flagger program who can flag
things so they listen to them this is 15
expert NGOs and institutions to help
them identify hate speech and extremism
on their platform guess who the no hate
speech movement a left wing project
pushed by the Council of Europe as well
as the anti-defamation league an
organization whose president has been
accused of manufacturing outrage by the
World Jewish Congress YouTube is also
planning to artificially alter its
search results so that searchers for
sensitive topics on YouTube no longer
return the most popular videos but a
playlist of curated YouTube videos that
directly confront and debunk violent
extremist messages that is me you know I
mean here's here is why I say there was
a pony under all this horse ton they
wouldn't have to do this what they're
trying to do is they're trying to create
an Emperor's New Clothes environment if
nobody is allowed to speak you may think
that other people share your opinion but
you may feel like no maybe it's just you
I mean have you ever been in a room
where everybody's sitting around saying
that movie I just saw Game of Thrones I
love Game of Thrones and you think Game
of Thrones is terrible you know I mean
this is one of the things we all love
about Shapiro is for pure I'll go like I
don't like that you know they'll come
out and say it I'll come out and say it
but a lot of people won't they'll just
keep their opinions to themselves
thinking they're the only one we're
really often times when you express your
opinion other people start to say yeah
you know I kind of agree with that so
what Google is trying to do and what all
over the left is trying to do is they're
trying to create an emperor's new
clothes atmosphere where nobody is
willing to say the Emperor's naked they
wouldn't have to do that
if the Emperor weren't naked they
wouldn't have to do that if there were
no such thing as truth and if truth
didn't have an amazing power now listen
you can suppress the truth you can stomp
on the human face forever as George
Orwell said you can stomp on the human
face forever but at some point if you
don't have the ability to stomp if you
don't have the violent rights if you are
restrained by the First Amendment if you
were restrained by a free market where
they can come out and compete with
Google and you compete with YouTube and
break up monopolies eventually the truth
will out you know when it comes to this
thing about sexism a growing number of
millennial women women are saying forget
about this let's forget about it you
know and it's not it's not that they
don't want to be equal it's not that we
want people to be equal and treated
fairly and we want people to have loving
you know relationships and partnerships
and all this but in 1994 in 1994 42% of
high school seniors felt that the best
family was one where the man was the
outside achiever and the woman took care
of the home in 2014 that had gone up to
58% almost 60 percent of Millennials
believe this in 1994 48% of high school
seniors said a mother who works cannot
establish as warm and secure a
relationship with their children as a
mother who does not work in 2014 the
shared disagreeing went up to about 60%
the abandonment of the home.look
homemaker is the most important
profession so yes Lewis said this is the
profession that every other profession
is designed to support and protect when
you look around and you see obesity when
you see spreading depression that is
because mom is not a lot of that I think
is because mom's not around the truth
will out Google
would not have to fire people if they
weren't afraid of the truth Google would
not have to censor people if they
weren't afraid of the truth YouTube
would not have to censor people if the
truth did not have power it is there it
has power and on that note let's bring
on Bjorn Lomborg it's a good
introduction form your lumber let me
give you an a real introduction he's
pressing the Copenhagen consensus Center
and visiting professor at Copenhagen's
Business School he was named one of Time
Magazine's 100 most influential people
in the world he wrote a great book The
Skeptical environmentalist and another
terrific one cool it you can find him at
Bjorn Lomborg BJ ORN LOM vor G I always
want to call you Bjorn Borg you know and
ask you about your tennis game but I
won't do that
you know I first I for welcome to the
show I'm really glad you're here
I first saw you speak at Andrew
Breitbart house he brought you to LA I
remember and you gave a talk and I have
noticed that you have taken the strategy
and I've read two of your books and I've
noticed that you have taken the strategy
you kind of accept the assertions of the
global warming people or the climate
change people that there is some problem
here that you you accept that assertion
is that right yes a little bit it's not
a strategy I think you know I I've known
that a lot of these people and and
definitely I have my disagreements with
some of them certainly with us we'll
probably get into with some of their
comments on the policy side but these
are mostly good researchers and
definitely there is an issue you know
humanity has developed for the last one
ten thousand years in a very stable
climate and if we see temperatures
increase or if we saw them decrease to
once an ice age both of these would be
problematic simply because we build our
houses to have the exact temperature in
the exam climate as it is right now
that's why you know Finland and Greece
are or Detroit and Miami both live good
places but you know if they switch
climates they probably wouldn't but okay
didn't know I did want to ask you when I
said it's a strategy that was actually
my next question because even though
obviously the climate changes I mean the
Great Lakes used to be glaciers the
fraud that climate
Changez is is the is this due to the
effect or do we know how much is due to
the effect of human action so again I'm
a I'm a political scientist so I'm
looking at the social science part I'm
looking at the economics part of this
and so I mostly just you know I've read
a lot of you stuff to say talk about in
in the science community and what they
tell us is it's between half and one
hundred percent so fifty and a hundred
percent of the change that we've seen
over the past 50 years that is due to
humans again remember it's very often
portrayed as entirely the one hundred
percent but but it's also possible it's
50 percent so it's a significant part
and it's unlikely that we're not playing
our part in this ok fair enough
so that's that was what I wanted to
check in with you because I've always
wondered if it was a stress to strategy
or you're just saying you will looked at
the research you know them they're not
bad guys if they're you trust what
they're saying the fundamental point the
the idea that if you put up more co2
you'll see temperature rise that's a
very variable old theory it's a very
well-established theory and there's
absolutely no doubt about this the only
question is how much yeah so even very
sort of skeptical people skeptical
scientists will say sure temperatures
will rise the real question is how much
and of course the real real question is
how much is that then gonna affect us
because we we we get this sense that you
know temperatures go up a couple of
degrees Fahrenheit and humanity's white
back that's just near true you know if
you actually look there's a wonderful
study that look at what as Americans
done by themselves and of course
Americans have actually moved towards
warmer climates over the last 50 years
yeah if you get retired you don't want
to go to North Dakota right you want to
go to Miami or Florida or New Mexico or
California and so the reality is that
while temperatures have risen in the US
if you look at the average of what
everyone has experienced because of
their movement it's risen much more so
people have actually voted I'd like some
more heat remember if you live in
Detroit it may not be so cool if you
already live in you know if the Opio
somewhere maybe you don't actually want
it to get more okay so fair enough but
now what we have is we have this
incredible atmosphere of panic that you
know Al Gore and the whole movement has
really generated recently of course
president Trump pulled out of the Paris
agreements and that was the end of the
world the guy was an absolute troglodyte
destroying mankind you wrote a piece for
The Wall Street Journal calling the
Paris Accord a charade I mean that is a
that's a pretty that's a pretty harsh
word to use on that what was what Barack
Obama saving us from extinction this is
surprising in so many ways actually I
did the first period article on what's
going to be the impact of Paris but let
me tell you this in a different way
which i think is actually easier to
comprehend so if you look at what will
we need to do to dramatically cut carbon
emissions towards what most people so
Obama and certainly Al Gore and Paris
agreement is telling us which is the two
degrees centigrade which is this odd
thing that came out from its obscure but
it's not a good argument but yeah it's
it's the it's the target that we all
talk about so that's three point six
degrees Fahrenheit we will not have
humanity climb above that if we want to
do that we need to cut six thousand Giga
tons of co2 over this century for most
people that means absolutely nothing
however nobody knows Giga ton of seeds
newest but to give you a sense of
proportion if you look at what the UN
tells us it has established if everyone
did everything they promised in Paris
from 2016 to 2030 one the last promises
run now we would cut 60 tons of co2 out
get funds so we are cutting 1% of what
we need to achieve so literally Paris
leaves 99% of the problem still to be
solved so there's no way Paris by itself
is the solution of the savior and hence
of course Trump pulling out is not going
to destroy the planet at anytime this is
only a matter of a fraction of 1% and of
course if this was really really cheap
maybe it would still be a 1% of
something good might be a good thing but
you need to know how much this will cost
and the honest answer is this will be
phenomenally expensive so if you look at
this studies there's been no official
study but there's a lot of studies that
period studies and I've taken the
average of all these studies from the
Stanford energy modeling forum which is
typically considered the gold standard
of these energy economic modeling and of
the Asia modelling experience for China
so if you take the averages of all of
those cost estimates to live up to what
they have promised in Paris agreement
the cost will be at least one trillion
dollars a year and very likely two
trillion dollars for you well every year
for the rest of the century starting in
2030 that's a lot of money to achieve
almost nothing right and that's really
the point that I'm trying to say look
it's not the Paris doesn't have good
intentions it's not what Al Gore doesn't
want to you know do good I think he does
I met him a couple of times I mean he
has a lot of other things on this plate
but I think he wants to good and I think
most of these people want to do good but
they're simply trying to do good
incredibly inefficiently incredibly
expensive ly and that's not a good way
well then what would an efficient
approach look like so fundamentally if
you want to cut carbon emissions you
need to switch from coal to gas that's
what the US shale revolution has done
that's what we need to get China and
India and everybody else to do so you're
talking the freckle you're talking about
fracking here it's get a lot more
fracking going the reason is that gas is
a lot cleaner than coal sure and
remember not just because of co2 but
also in air pollution in almost any
aspect gas is just much much better than
coal and this is something that we could
very easily make happen this is
something that we can envision over the
next 10 20 30 years then a lot of people
argue we should also go more nuclear I
actually have my resume
mostly not because I'm afraid of it I
think it's probably one of the safest
things we can do but just because so far
we have not actually seen it being very
cost-effective in the long run what we
need to do is to dramatically drive
innovation of green energy
imagine if solar and wind with batteries
and lots of other opportunities were
cheaper than fossil fuels we wouldn't
have this competition we wouldn't need
Paris people would just switch and
that's that's a matter of storage right
I mean they can't store the energy that
wind and solar create and a lot more
than that because the problem is that
you can't just put in batteries because
what are you gonna do for the wintertime
when you need a lot more in there's very
little Sun you can't store for half a
year
you know you need other ways maybe it's
a hydrogen storage maybe you need some
other innovations to go along with that
we're still a long ways away from being
at the switchover but the fundamental
point is if you dramatically increase
investment of research and development
this is what Bill Gates have been
arguing and this is also what our Nobles
have pointed out is by far the best
investment it's fairly cheap to do and
you could basically help all humanity
get cheaper and more effective energy
this is the kind of thing that really
drives the world but don't try to force
it as long as it's this expensive so the
obvious question I mean it's the
question that always kind of drives me
crazy as I'm reading the newspaper what
yours you're not you're not saying it's
a hoax
you're not saying it's a evil plot
you're not saying anything you're saying
okay I accept the data here's the the
facts about your solutions here are some
better solutions that all seems
eminently sensible you're you're
virtually alone I mean you mentioned
Bill Gates and he has done a lot for
research but what is the disconnect here
why I mean all you hear from the
environmentalist is no fracking no
nuclear none of the things that would
help why are these people so
hysterically in favor of solutions that
clearly will not work what is the
problem well I think there's two things
first of all you say I'm virtually alone
and I think he goes a little bit back to
you know saying maybe
the throne ain't so cool a lot of people
and a lot of governments and a lot of
nations are actually doing a lot of this
you know so the US has probably sort of
inadvertently it wasn't because Obama
wanted it but the u.s. ended up fracking
a lot and actually cutting your co2
mostly because you shipped it from coal
to gas and a lot of nations are thinking
along those lines so in some way you
could say a lot of nations are already
doing this now the speech the thing that
we talked about how we want to exemplify
what we want to do of course is very
different as you point out all these
environmentalists the same no nukes no
fracking and so on and and in some way
that only underlines the problem that
what they're talking about is really not
solving global warming
it's about virtual signaling it's about
saying see how good I am and and I'm
always a little astounded here if you
really believe your own rhetoric and say
this is the end of the world
how come you would argue let's do the
same solution that has failed for the
last 20 years and that will be
phenomenally costly and hence will be
very likely to elect leaders like Trump
and everyone else to say no we don't
want to do it so why would you want do
you ever speak to environmentalists they
have a can you ever have a rational
conversation with them like this about
I mean a lot of people I think are
environmentalists because they really
feel very very deeply this is the
biggest problem the world and we want to
do something about and the only way to
do a solar panel III I don't think
necessarily there's a good certain way
to connect I try sometimes but this is
not about convincing Al Gore and the
other 5% of the and the extreme left and
and likewise not about convincing the 5%
who believe this is total hoax but it's
about convincing than 90% of the middle
who are quite frankly more busy having
to drive their kids to soccer and all
the other stuff and so you have to talk
to them for five minutes and tell look
do you want to do this cheaply and
effectively or do you want to do it
stupidly and very very cost and when you
put it like that it's not quite as hard
amazing son Bjorn Lomborg thank you so
much for coming on I hope you'll come
back and talk about this again there's a
lot more to say but it is you're an
eminently sane environmentalist which
sometimes seems like an oxymoron and I'm
happy to talk to thank you very much
he's good it always does get me that
like they thought they talked about
fracking and they go insane over
fracking which is like so clean and so
safe and so helped new you know nuclear
energy that you know that they've shut
down a lot of the nuclear programs in
Europe a lot of the nuclear generators
in Europe because of that disaster in
Japan when they had that
once-in-a-lifetime earthquake
once-in-a-lifetime tsunami I don't think
anybody died some people died from the
tsunami but nobody has died from
radiation poisoning or anything like
that it's an amazing fact that is an
incredibly safe form of energy I have to
end with this one story that just really
caught my eye that there is a man now an
activist trying to stop robots from
getting raped and I you know I think I
think if you want to send your money to
me did hear it but put your cash you
know up accept it if you want if this is
a true story as the sale and use of
lifelike sex robots that allow people to
simulate rape continues to gain steam
one famed law professor is sounding the
alarm Jon bonds half a well-known
activist professor of public interest
law at George Washington University Law
School with apparently a lot of time on
his hands
sex experts disagree on the consequences
of allowing people to engage in mock
acts of rape with human eye humanoid
dolls and lawmakers should vet this
issue as soon as possible
saying there's evidence that rape sex
pots may significantly increase the
chance of rape to real women the law
should no longer stand by and blindly
ignore a major potential problem by
doing nothing he said sex spots
especially those which can be programmed
to act as if they're being raped and
those which act and appear to be young
children are already here and in use he
said he said the obvious first step
would be to have hearings and do studies
to determine just how serious the threat
is and this is a guy who does this by
the way he wrote a book called sue the
bastards you know and he just says like
this is what he should do you
always be suing people he is he helped
drive cigarette commercials off the air
and was one of the masterminds behind
lawsuits against the tobacco industry
yeah you know you can't rape a robot you
can't rape a robot because a robot
doesn't have will rape is a violation of
the will that is the whole point of rape
one of the things about rape is it is
proof it is proof of the human soul
because the action you take in rape and
the action you take in making love of
the same actions the only thing you were
violating is you were violating a
woman's soul or right to choose what she
does with her herself that is it's a
it's an amazing thing that we understand
that this is the crime second only to
murder that is one of the worst crimes
because it violates a person's soul
robots don't I'm sorry
they just don't I don't care how many
movies we make about it they just don't
so I mean with all the things on
people's minds I really have to say that
I'm glad that somebody is thinking about
robot right for all we know probably no
porn and you know rape porn and robot
rape maybe get it off people's minds so
they don't that actually return on real
human beings who are kind of important
real human beings and deserve
utter protection stop I like Robert
Mitchum's hundredth birthday two days
ago you know it would have been his
hundredth birthday one of the great
tough-guy actors of the screen and a
conservative and a guy who just didn't
follow the rest one of his films called
out of the past based on a novel called
build my gallows high which I have also
read a 1947 terrific about a Mitchum is
a private eye who is hired to find this
woman who's supposed to have shot a man
and stolen his money in this movie he
delivers one of the greatest single
lines of dialogue from film noir ever
and I believe his autobiography or
somebody else's biography of him use
this line as as his as the title he's
talking to the woman who is obviously a
turn-on he's falling for her and she
says to him I didn't do it I didn't
shoot this guy didn't steal the money
here's Robert Mitchum's great reply
there was a little business about
$40,000 I didn't take how did you know
it was taken you man I don't want
anything of his or any part of him
except his life I didn't know what I was
doing it I didn't know anything except
how much I hated but I didn't take
anything it didn't
Tripoli
baby I don't care
one of my favorite lines in all the
movies I didn't kill him I didn't take
his money baby I don't care that's true
love folks Robert Mitchum one of the
great tough-guy actors of the screen
that's it we're done we are done go on
iTunes give us a good review and come
back tomorrow for the mailbag because we
will solve all your problems emotional
political religious we will answer all
your questions answers guaranteed a
hundred percent correct and they will
change your life on occasion for the
better I'm Andrew Clavin this is the
Andrew Clavin show be there tomorrow
