as far as the idea that all money should
be out of politics here is the problem
okay TYT i we both have corporations and
we expand upon politics every single day
and we motivate thousands of people
right every day on both sides of the
aisle that is effectively an in-kind
contribution now I you campaigned with
Bernie Sanders did you do it because you
expect it that's fine did you expect did
you do that because you supported Bernie
Sanders or did you do that because you
expected some gimme forty whitey in
return I assume you did it because you
supported Bernie Sanders right yes so
okay so the point that I am making is to
attribute to everyone else bad intent
when it comes to political spending in
politics but to yourself it's totally
fine and when it comes to other media
intent entities that give in-kind
contributions on a regular basis through
their coverage visit when the New York
Times when the New York Times which is
biased to the left spends an inordinate
amount of time and money reporting on
Mitt Romney's idiotic stories about how
he is in high school and cutting a gay
kid's hair in 1932 if you're saying to
me that that is less impactful on the
political sphere than a corporation
which is a group giving money to a to a
political candidate for purposes of
supporting that cans in it I fail to see
how you can say for yourself that you
are innocent in this but everyone else
is guilty I don't believe that even
everyone's guilty or everybody is
innocent or if you can find the actual
cases of guilt where there's a quid pro
quo then we agree that's prosecutable
