well it's summer and you know what that
means it's summer and as you rush off to
vacation or a day at the beach I know
all of you will want to be careful to
keep your environmental impact down to a
minimum
see I don't give a crap either but
according to an article by julie kelly
at national review climate scientists
are now issuing reports on how to have
summer fun without increasing climate
change and without having summer fun
these are real suggestions from actual
climate scientists a study by
researchers at Sweden's lund university
recommends that you cut down on climate
change by having one fewer child you can
accomplish this by putting little Timmy
in the backseat of the SUV waiting down
the gas pedal with a brick and then
jumping out from behind the wheel just
before the car goes over a clip if the
police become suspicious just tell them
you did it to cut down on climate change
and also a little Timmy wouldn't stop
listening to the Spongebob Squarepants
theme song at top volume over and over
again
if the police accuse you of being an
asterick of sociopaths just tell them
you got the idea from climate scientists
and that should explain it other
environmentalist suggestions for how to
have non climate changing summer non-fun
include eating a plant-based diet you
can even grow your own plants such as
grass and feed the grass to a cow kill
the cow and have a barbeque mmm nothing
like some plant-based steak to make a
summer to make summer a blast climate
scientists also recommend that you
refrain from using a car or airplane
this summer so for good climate II Fund
when your summer vacation rolls around
you can just walk to an exciting holiday
locale like the parking lot of the
7-eleven on the corner or just stay home
and maybe make love to the wife have a
child and put the child in the back of
the SUV and drive it off a cliff so you
don't affect the climate another study
trying to ruin your summer for no reason
comes from James Hanson Hanson is known
as the fire father of climate change I'm
sorry she's known as the father of gly
Machane awareness the father of climate
change awareness is of course married to
the mother of alien invasion
preparedness and they have three
adorable children of silly panic over
not penis
all right I'm making this up now Hansen
says it's no longer enough to reduce
carbon emissions we have to actually
pull the carbon out of the atmosphere
this will require an expenditure of
around 500 trillion dollars to develop
technology that allows us to see carbon
molecules and pluck them out of the air
so if you pass a group of people wearing
gigantic electronic glasses plucking at
the air with tweezers and shouting ooh I
got a molecule you'll know you're among
people with the same scientific
credibility of climate scientists now
though I kid around about climate change
I must admit I have noticed that the
weather has mysteriously gotten much
hotter recently and I myself am taking
important environmental steps to ensure
it gets cooler by October like waiting
for October
trigger warning I'm Andrew Clavin and
this is the Andrew Clavin shuffle
