another gangland slaying has rocked
Washington DC this time the victim was
at nice care Meucci just ten days after
being appointed the head mouthpiece for
mr. big the man they call the mooch
where Moochie Mucha Mucha Mucha Mucha
Mucha Rama or Legrand mouche vanished
without a trace
leaving nothing behind but a string of
curse words and a video of sean hannity
saying how smart trump was to hire him
and a video sean hannity saying how
smart trump was to fire him the
announcement that much man was finished
was made when Fox News received a
package containing a pair of mooches
pants with a fish wrapped in them an old
Sicilian symbol that either means
scaramouche sleeps with the fishes
or we mistook scaramouche's pants for a
copy of the New York Times the mob who
favored the scaramouche 'higher
immediately ordered a revenge hit on the
mob who favored firing scare emoji
causing sean hannity to riddle himself
with machine-gun bullets while driving
around in circles in a 1937 roadster the
rest of Washington took to the
mattresses but that was just out of
sheer exhaustion investigators say the
hit on scaramouche II was only the
latest in a string of gangland rub outs
in and around the mob hideout sometimes
known as the nation's capital only a few
days ago Reince dopey face Priebus the
capo de tutti capo was eliminated by
John the Generalissimo Kelly the capo de
tutti fruitti while Jeff the ruski
sessions the capo decaf cappuccino
narrowly dodged a bullet which may yet
take out Steve the slob Bannon the
concealed iary determine Udo rival gang
sought to take advantage of the DC
mayhem as Chuck the crybaby Schumer
tried to forge an alliance with John the
incredibly hot man McCain in the hopes
of destroying mr. BIG's agenda and
bringing the entire country to a
standstill
McCain however said he was perfectly
capable of doing that on his own as he'd
been bringing the country to a
standstill since 1987 meanwhile across
town Nancy the crazy lady Pelosi
sometimes known as Big Mama or
incredibly annoying mama or I can't
remember where I put my purse but it's
around here somewhere mama made her move
to take over new territories by
inventing new territories and then
taking them over in her
imagination and then dozing off with her
face in her Waldorf salad observers
agree that the crime spree has now
gotten so far out of hand that it would
be investigated by the federal
government if it weren't being
perpetrated by the federal government as
it is we're likely to continue for some
time to see scenes reminiscent of The
Godfather or Goodfellas or The Sopranos
with the federal government
trigger warning I'm Andrew Klavan and
this is the Andrew Clavin show finally
Donald Trump has done something I can't
forgive this I cannot forgive all too
common Terry land people are weeping
they're out waffles fired happening
scaramouche who promised to be more fun
than he could shake a stick at for years
and years to come but we will continue
somehow to find something amusing about
the death of the Republic we have the
mailbag tomorrow that's very important
to the mail buy get your questions and
send in questions if you subscribe if
you don't subscribe go over to the daily
wire.com subscribe then send in your
questions you can ask about anything you
want you can ask about religion you can
ask about your personal problems you can
ask about politics the answers are
guaranteed 100% correct where else do
you get this a hundred percent
guaranteed correct and they will change
your life
on occasion for the better that's
tomorrow so get your questions in it's
only ten bucks to subscribe ten lousy
bucks a month and if you subscribe for
the year it's only a hundred bucks a
month a savings of who knows how much I
would have to be able to add to do that
but you also get the leftist tears mug
you cannot be without a leftist tears
mug otherwise how can you drink your
leftist tears and who will know you're
drinking your leftist ears unless it
says leftist tears on your leftist years
month we have Roger Kimball with us
today
he will he is he's just one of the
smartest guys around he's the publisher
and editor of the New Criterion and he
also publishes encounter books he is one
of the great observers of the culture
and a big supporter of Donald Trump so
it's going to be very interesting to get
a guy he's a real high culture guy get a
guy like that talking about Trump
because there's a lot of kind of high
culture distain of the Donald and I
think it'll be different I hear it so I
didn't get the here Knowles to show
yesterday because I have a life but I
hear a lot of people listened to it and
said how on earth did that ever happen
and the reason is we didn't hire our we
don't hire our podcasters at zip recruit
or calm we just go outside and say does
anybody want a podcast and the first guy
walks in the door we gave him a podcast
what was Knowles but a zip recruiter if
you really want to hire good people
zip recruiter is different it has a
different way of doing it you can post
your job to a hundred-plus job sites
with just one click with zip recruiter
and their powerful technology
efficiently matches the right people to
your job better than anyone else if we
had done that we could have gotten real
on campus I'm joking I'm sure the show
was great that's why zip recruiter is
different unlike other job sites zip
recruiter doesn't depend on candidates
finding you it finds them in fact over
80% of jobs posted on zip recruiter get
a qualified candidate in just 24 hours
that is fast to get good people and it
works no juggling emails no juggling
calls to your office to screen rate and
manage candidates all in one place with
recruiters easy to use dashboard find
out today why sip recruiter has been
used by businesses of all sizes to find
the most qualified job candidates with
immediate results what you do is you go
to post jobs and sip recruiter for free
all you have to do is go to recruiter
comm slash daily wire and that will be
free as in free that's how much it cost
to post jobs on zip recruiter if you go
to zip recruiter comm slash daily wire
zip recruiter dot-com slash daily wire
one more time zip recruiter comp slash
daily wire if you don't want the kind of
disasters that we have here at the the
daily will happen to you the mooch is
gone I am sad I have to say ten day
is in the job and it is it is kind of
interesting politically like I'm I'm not
I'm never dazzled by the press hysteria
over changes in the office and la press
press loves nothing better to then to
report this one hates that one and this
one's feuding with this one and this
one's stabbing the back and that guy's
well and these guys love to leak to the
press and all you know Steve hates vines
and this one ain't says but this is kind
of interesting because the chief of
staff runs the White House I mean he's
the guy who lets you in to see the
president he's the guy who arranges
things and clearly this White House has
not been using the president's time very
well so the question here well let's
let's look at Sarah Huckabee Sanders the
spokeswoman she is dealing with John
Roberts and I'm John Roberts with Fox's
he asked some really good questions of
her as she explains why scour Moochie
obviously the mood took the head after
he gave that interview to The New Yorker
with all the vile language but but the
word is that John Kelly came in to be
chief of staff general john kelly Marine
general and said to trump I'm not he's
already turned the job down once and he
said I'm not coming in with this clown
around I am taking over this office and
he wanted to establish that he was the
power he was the guy who's going to make
decisions and there wasn't going to be
any loose cannons like the mood to
running around here's Sarah Huckabee
Sanders look the president certainly
felt that Anthony's comments were
inappropriate for a person in that
position and he didn't want to burden
general Kelly also with that line of
succession as I think we've made clear a
few times over the course of the last
couple of days to several these
individually but general Kelly has the
full authority to operate within the
White House and all staff will report
since when you say didn't want to burden
him with that line of succession he
became
yes correct we could just clarify one
point about this chain of command
apparently Jared Kushner Ivanka Trump
instead they look forward to following
general Kelly's lead when it comes to
the people who have access to the
president well that conduit be narrowed
down now will everything flow through
Kelly or will some things still flow
around the huge tassel and then just the
president's giving full authority to
general Kelly and he'll make those
determinations so the important thing
here the reason she is smart
reporting there from Roberts the
important thing here is Jared and Ivanka
I mean you listen to Anne Coulter for
instance and called her big supporter of
Donald Trump but Ann Coulter is never
afraid that call people out when they're
not going the way she wants them to go
and she is very afraid that because
Trump only trusts his family he seems to
only trust his family in generals so
enemy remember Trump went to military
school didn't he went to the military
school and like I think that probably
gave him a kind of respect for the
military order but generate and Ivanka
are liberals
their classic left-wing Democrats and
they really have Trump's ear right and
they've been according to you know
reporting we don't know how much of this
is true but according to reporting
they've been the force behind a lot of
his decisions like his executive order
requiring federal contractors to embrace
the gay agenda and bombing Syria was the
big one that drove an crazy the Hillary
Clinton's health and family leave
policies that's been a big thing of
Ivanka's for a long time and and maybe
they've been softening Trump on
immigration it's it is rumored that
they're the ones who got him to go after
Jeff Sessions to attack Jeff Sessions
two sessions has been very hard about
immigration and you know one of the
things about John Kelly the Marine
general was running homeland security
before this and he has cut down the
number of illegals coming across the
border
making it much harder for us to hire our
staff because we don't use
super-gorgeous calm but he has really
cut down on illegals coming across the
border and the rumor is that Ivanka and
Jared are very liberal on immigration of
course Trump ran on the wall that was
his main thing that was the main thing
that shot the promise so the
Jim now is will Jared and Ivanka be able
to get into the Oval Office without
going through John Kelly because this is
family that basically Ivanka was
tweeting I'm happy to work alongside
John Kelly you know in the new in his
new capacity Allah and everybody jumped
on that word alongside is he going to be
in charge or not the real question and
it goes beyond this the real question is
let's let's call a cast call it
turbulence that's come out in these last
weeks and my complaint about the
turbulence in the White House is is not
political because what do I care if
there's turbulence the White House I
don't care who's working there as long
as they're doing a good job and things
are happening to my freedoms not
imperiled I don't care you know my
problem with the turbulence in the White
House is that it came while the health
care bill was on the floor of the Senate
and Trump was not out there hurting the
cats he was not out there on the phone
he was not you know soothing the
feelings of John McCain who seems to
have just stuck it to him because he
doesn't like him he wasn't doing that
stuff instead he was firing this one and
that one so the big question is is this
turbulence as so many people suspect is
it generated by Trump is wherever Trump
is that kind of that's going to be the
eye of a hurricane is he going to
generate turbulence or is it structural
Trump an outsider comes to Washington he
tries to make build bridges to the
Republican establishment he puts Reince
Priebus right former head of the RNC he
puts him in there as his chief of staff
he appoints Jeff Sessions Jeff Sessions
was an ally but he's also a guy that all
the Senators know former senator all the
Senators know him he's trying to build
bridges and then he finds that that's
not what he wants he likes being an
outsider so now by golly he's going to
bring in his people and he's going to
shut things down he's going to run
things away he wants and now the chaos
will end hard to imagine
hard to imagine Trump without chaos but
again this is a successful guy it's a
guy who was done you know a lot of stuff
in his life so it may just be that they
that the the that the Trump
administration has hit bottom I mean is
what crowd I'm a crowd member had this
remark the other day
this it looks like the Trump
administration hit bottom last week and
it seems to have bounced off the bottom
Kelley is exerting his authority he's
been given authority I have to say
scaramouche we hardly knew you although
I think he would be a better contestant
on Dancing with the Stars and spicy
woods I think it's actually an upgrade
to them that's apparently the fate of
people who leave but but the the thing
is that you know when the health care
bill crashed and burned and it's not
over yet because everybody in the Senate
is saying it's time to move on time to
move on to tax reform because we can get
more of that done but Trump is still
badgering them about this he wants this
done and he's still going after them
when that died that was a low point in
the Trump presidency and the question is
is that is that V low point on the Trump
in the Trump presidency and to be fair
to Trump a lot of good things are
happening and I keep bringing this up
but everybody is so mesmerized by his
personality everybody is so mesmerized
by the size of the man and the
coarseness of the man and the the
violence of the things that happening
guy comes in for ten days he's thrown
out you're fired you're fired just like
a episode of The Apprentice brought to
life everybody's still mesmerized that
they forget that really good things are
indeed happening here is Trump this is
cut number three this is Trump talking
for a minute about some of the good
things that have been happening we have
the highest dock market in history we
have GDP on Friday got very little
mention or I guess in the business areas
of did but I think very little mention
2.6 is a number that nobody thought
they'd see for a long period of time
remember I was saying we will history at
some point in the not-too-distant future
and everybody smiled in their laps and
they Co would be at 1 and 2.6 is an
unbelievable number announced on Friday
unemployment is the lowest it's been in
17 years business enthusiasm is about as
highest they've ever seen it affected is
aside the highest point
in 28 years according to a certain graph
and certain charts the manufacturers are
the enthusiasm level is incredible a lot
of tremendous things going we have some
interesting situations that will handle
North Korea Middle East lots of problems
that we inherited from previous
administrations but we'll take care of
them we'll take care of them very well
but overall I think we're doing is
gradually well the economy is doing
incredibly well so that you know 2.6
percent remember the experts were saying
we never reach three percent 2.6 percent
which is mostly driven by consumer
confidence it's mostly driven by
consumer spending in the second quarter
of this year that is this culture that
Trump is creating and it's the culture
we want to be talking about we have
Roger Kimball coming on after the break
to talk about that the way the Trump has
transformed the culture by inspiring
business people the cutting of
regulations somebody wrote an article in
The Wall Street Journal called the myth
of this do nothing from presidency
saying you know he's not doing nothing
he is not a complex late of
accomplishments which are very important
but he is cutting back regulations he is
making it easier to frack making it
easier to bring in to get energy he is
making business easier making spending
easier for businesses and hiring easier
and that is having an effect on the
economy the stock market really is going
through the roof and that's what we're
going to talk about and if you want to
know about the culture and if you want
to know about the news I mean this is
one of the things that has been
happening to me as a as a lifelong news
junkie I am finding it harder and harder
and harder to get the facts and the
reason is is this Trump hate and the
division in the country has everybody
reporting the facts in such a skewed way
it's just finding out what happened just
answering the question what happened has
become harder and harder and harder and
the best place I find to go on magazines
and that is why I have this texture calm
thing this texture app is amazing and I
also like it because it makes my life
disappear you know you're just you just
going around doing your life and I
always read off my iPad and I press the
texture calm thing and vanish I just
vanished because
just have so many good magazines in this
thing you know time The New Yorker
Vanity Fair the Atlantic all these
magazines that have guy they have the
time and they have the money and the
expenditure to go out and get real
stories and really write about them in a
lengthy way that you can start to
understand texture this normally cost
you $9.99 a month when you think about
that for a minute you get something like
a 2 is over 200 magazines so $9.99 a
month that is basically a magazine
subscription that's like a you know one
magazine subscription but if you sign up
right now at texture comm slash Clavin
you get a 14-day free trial that's a
funny name I'm glad you brought that up
that's Dexter calm slash KLA be a my
subscribe to just a couple of magazines
when you can have all of your favorites
on your smartphone or your tablet all
the time for way less and texture was
selected as one of Apple's top 2016 iPad
apps you can start your free trial now
and download the text wrap they got
everything I have people Better Homes
and Gardens Esquire time just reading
off the list national creative graphic
Sports Illustrated Entertainment Weekly
Forbes Vanity Fair vogue that I mean
this is just some of the 200 over 200
magazines they have right now texture is
offering my listeners a 14-day free
trial when you go to texture dot-com
clayvin 14 days to try texture for free
when you go to texture calm / Clavin
texture dot-com / clave and really try
it out you once you'll get it you'll
just love it 14-day trial you will be on
there forever so we got to take a break
the mailbag is tomorrow so you want to
get your questions in you cannot ask
questions unless you subscribe it's 10
lousy bucks a month and lousy bucks a
month for you if you subscribe for a
year at a hundred lousy bucks a month
you get the leftist tears mud but most
importantly I will answer all your
questions and once I answer all your
questions your life will be it'll be
like cutting you know like a rainbow
will be there like a little house with a
triangle roof and smokes it'll be just a
beautiful beautiful thing you want that
to happen
Roger Kimball is coming up we gotta say
goodbye to Facebook and YouTube the free
video that you get for the opening of
the show you can watch
so if you subscribe at the daily wire
all through you can listen to it even
without a subscription so come on over
so here's the thing when we talk about
the culture one of the things that is
really important for us on the right to
understand is that the left is living in
an entirely different country than we
are they're living in an entirely
different imaginative space you go to
New York you go to LA you hear people
talk about things that you cannot
believe and one of the reasons that I go
to the New York Times is just I mean you
certainly realize a level of hysteria
that they are dealing with I mean we're
watching we're watching this presidency
it's got amusing things it's got things
we don't like sometimes goes too far to
the left then suddenly something great
will happen like the Gorsuch appointment
or the cutting of regulations or the
support for pro-life causes and all this
stuff and we say hey that's great and so
it's up and down it's black and white
it's gray you know if you go over to the
New York Times you will see the kind of
hysteria that's why I like to visit what
I call knucklehead row and finally we
have got what is the name of the
listener who sent the cent I it's Joseph
Quinlan is that it
Joseph Quinlan Joseph Quinlan was good
enough I kept saying we need a musical
bumper to take us to knucklehead Row and
he sent this one and here it is
I love it good job Joe really really
good job I just want to read to you what
the one thing that is one piece on
knucklehead Row the op-ed page of the
New York Times this past week proves the
Trump is destroying our democracy okay
that's what he proved some guys got
fired me Oval Office people you don't
know people who have no effect on your
life some guys got fired this past week
proves that Trump is destroying our
democracy by yasha bunk a Harvard
lecturer who has written a book with the
perfect left-wing title is the perfect
title for left wingers the People vs
democracy in other words we can have a
democracy but we just got to get rid of
all those people so the extra bunk
rights America is on its way to a
full-blown constitutional crisis this is
what people who read The New York Times
are waking up to every morning over just
a few days last week president Trump and
his allies stepped up attacks on robert
muller the special counsel investigating
the campaign's connections to Russia
they tried to push Attorney General Jeff
Sessions out of office they thought out
loud about whether the precedent can
pardon himself this all points to the
same conclusion mr. Trump is willing to
deal a major blow to the rule of law and
the American Republic in order to end an
independent investigation into his
Russia ties that's what it means so
forget the Constitution forget the fact
that like left-wing judges just say the
Constitution means anything they wanted
to mean we are in a constitutional
crisis because Trump complained about
Muller and attacked the Attorney General
who he has the complete right to
fireworks at his at his discretion
Paul Krugman his article a guy who
hasn't been right about anything in 50
years his thing's called who ate the
Republicans brains so something like be
adults it's like being at this little
girl's birthday party after a mouse got
in and everybody's screaming and yeah
so this is this you have to understand
that the culture on the left and the
atmosphere on the right are just two
entirely different places and we got
Roger let us bring on Robert Campbell
Roger Kimball one of the smartest guys I
know and I know all the smart guys he is
the editor and publisher of the New
Criterion an excellent journal on high
culture of the president and publisher
of encounter books he has a blog a
regular
on the pj media called rogers rules and
you can find them on twitter at roger
Kimble ki MBA ll are you doing Roger I'm
doing very well very well
I really doing I'm doing excellently and
you you stand out I have to say help
difficult it's difficult here at the end
day for the Republic I was listening to
where you would have to say about our
masters as New York Times and I - we're
stocking up on water as an armed camp
it's really horrible
I can see the Gulag that Trump has been
creating all over the Northeast is
pushing all the Democratic into them is
going to gas and explorable be horrible
somehow we bear up you're so you're on
the East Coast you can actually just see
the black smoke coming up I mean it's
like everywhere it's just horrible oh
it's awfully the rule of law is at an
end
I'm glad we get to talk to you just
before the chaos overwhelms you before
therefore is the zombie wards are at
your dinner mother were actually the
thought mark the 22,000 more attention
to mention you mentioned that that great
Nobel economist Paul Krugman who opened
the early hours of November 9 when asked
whether the stock market would ever
recover from this assault on American
democracy he said the best answer is
probably never did that when only our
4000 points ahead of the game thanks
Paul it was at least in keeping with his
predictive capabilities I think I cannot
remember the last time it like Dewar's
scarf he never varies so you you always
strike me as kind of a kind of unique
what a horrible thing so you strike me
as a among the very few people who you
have been defending high culture for as
long as you've been a professional this
is what you do I mean the New Criterion
is the great Journal of high culture and
yet there are many people high cultural
people even on the right who really
looked down on the Donald and really
sneer at him and you never have why is
that why why did you sign off I can
answer
question I can answer that question in
two words sorry Larry
Clinton about it it's at that you know I
was I was quite critical of Donald Trump
at the beginning he was not my first
candidate by a longshot I like many
people I regarded his candidacy at first
as a shouldn't rigid esprit how could it
Donald Trump as president you've got to
be kidding me
and yet even back in July of 2015 I
could see that something was happening
and I I said it's the establishment
Republican establishment did not pay
attention to this man they would rule
the day in November 2016 and so it so it
turned out to be now I you know Hillary
Clinton III what I cannot understand is
my friends on the right who would have
preferred Hillary Clinton's a Donald
Trump what would that mess what would
that matter just the Supreme Court she
would have been able to make three or
four appointments to the Supreme Court
just that that by itself is reason
enough to celebrate Donald Trump's
administration as a world historical
what it really I agree I agree was on a
fact that you know I I began listening
to him during the campaign
she said what I liked about taxes he
said what I liked about America he said
what I things I liked about immigration
I don't agree building the wall and so
but it turns out we don't need to build
the wall the fact that Donald Trump was
president has depreciated the
depreciated the illegal immigration by
something between 60 and 70 percent so
thank you Donald for that you know all
over the country you can sense it's like
springtime with Sun and rain shoots or
coming up to the crown it's a gripping
you know I had this ties to in Russia
it's just I made it it is surreal it's a
fabulous career so so now what about the
culture I mean this is the thing I hear
from people on the right all the time
the people you know for
me as a carrier has a CNN special on the
right yeah no but he isn't but he stated
something where he has a show coming on
CNN
why did Trump get elected how could this
have happened and he says this is an
uprising of the uneducated people
against the educated people this is what
he said there are a lot of people on the
left and the right who just feel this
guy is the swamp monster from the swamp
of reality TV the worst of our culture
come to life the avatar of the worst of
our culture do you think this guy is
degrading our culture I mean you have
been a defender of high culture for so
long do you think that this is a step
down for our culture no I don't because
I think that the the fundamental
ingredient for any culture high culture
low culture of vibrant culture is to
have one instinct for self-preservation
intact and I believe that Donald Trump
it reason it was elected have nothing to
do with uneducated versus educated or I
should say unschooled versus school I
mean the fact that these people went to
the institution to expand a quarter of a
million dollars or more acquiring these
useless pieces of paper to study the
gender studies and you know global
warming and you know advanced degrees in
you know racial awareness and so on I
mean that has nothing to do that not
believe me I don't think that Donald
Trump was probably a charter subscriber
to the New Criterion and and to be frank
I have never had an extended
conversation with him about the merits
of Schopenhauer but who cares I mean no
hearing is supposed to be as you said
it's swamp monster who's going to come
in and and you know up and everything
and you know say you know send
immigrants into a gulag and so on well
what is he doing he comes in and he
governs like ice he covers like
Eisenhower I mean he governs like a
businessman he obeys the law he does you
know it's I mean he I think you do have
fantastic jobs now you know there are a
lot of cosmetic things that you know we
might you know wish that he did
differently I mean I - we should be
tweeted a little less but no he has a
point maybe he has a point this is a way
for him to communicate with 110 million
people he says so now I think the guys
doing a brilliant job and I like it you
know I think general Kelly is a
brilliant appoint you know the truth of
the matter is that he came to office
without that usual atmosphere of
protocol and decorum and deference the
honeymoon period that presidents are
supposed to enjoy he came to office
about any of that it's been tooth and
claw attacks from you know the moment he
took office so you know I don't blame
him for uh for being a little catchy ya
know I feel that way too I you know you
mentioned the universities and the
uselessness of the university liberal
certainly a liberal arts degree okay you
wrote a book that called tenured
radicals which is a classic in its field
basically detailing this takeover of our
universes I told you when I read it that
I was embarrassed for the professors
because you made them look so bad that I
actually done her and made himself about
them it was even worse I mean I was like
covering my eyes I could barely watch
the car wreck things have gotten so bad
now that obviously people can't even go
on and speak I mean our pal Ben Shapiro
get shouted down and Coulter all the
rest do you see any change in this
happening I there was a piece in The
Wall Street Journal yesterday the day
before saying well Claremont University
is at least standing up but do you see a
change happening the universities all
you know I don't know if you I've been
writing about this stuff for gosh
decades I respect to say for decades and
every now and then I say oh there's you
know some professor who does X or
somebody's written an important book
that the New York Times actually deigns
to review or there's a college that
issues a statement that saying well you
know it is actually okay to express your
own opinions on our campuses
these are these are good things but the
large picture is pretty depressing
actually because these institutions are
so rich so unaccountable and they have
swallowed wholesale the
left-wing politically correct agenda
which is not simply intention with a
traditional liberal arts education it
contradicts it so you see this weird
phenomenon that Leonard Berkeley in
California in the home of the
free-speech movement in 1964 now they're
you know they're they're on a campaign
to stamp out free speech you know these
institutions have to somehow turned into
their opposites so what you see biddy we
read why do we give these institutions
such incredible favors you know
tax-exempt status they need all of these
the purpose its of the honor that we
Accord to professor's and so on when we
do it because we think these
institutions are entrusted with a very
important role namely to preserve and
transmit the highest values of our
civilization among those values by the
way is being self-critical to say you
know why should I do this rather than
that what is the good life there are
many many different paradigms from the
past and we should be able to examine
them and pick among them and act like
rational men and women about picking
what is the good life for us and yet
they've turned into their opposites now
they don't want to ask those questions
anymore so many things are out of bounds
for our university that they have turned
into institutions that don't preserve
and transmit our culture but that
trashing so now I think it's worth
asking why should we as a society so
lavishly support these institutions you
know Harvard was it's thirty six billion
dollar endowment why why should that why
should that happen my friend the Peter
teal had a great idea he said what we
should any institution has a endowment
over tax you name the amount of billion
dollars that they should be required to
spend let's say 10% of its endowment on
social programs as they say
they care about like it Harvard you have
to give three point six billion dollars
a year to Howard University how's that
they could use a dull so when you look
at this I I'm going to have to let you
go out as my last question when you look
at this the question I get asked all the
time because the hammering of people of
ordinary people by the culture I think
is the key reason why Donald Trump got
elected I think for eight years the
late-night comedians and the Hollywood
movies and the universities and the news
industry just spot-on Americans who
lived between New York and LA just spat
on them kicked them and the people
finally just said you know what here you
wouldn't know what it feels like here's
Donald Trump do you see any anyway when
you have universities teaching our kids
this garbage when you have kids who
think that socialism is a good idea but
can't even define what socialism is
can't even Stella
you can't even spell it right do you see
the future just getting worse and worse
or do you think that there is a way to
turn this around or are we in the midst
of turning around well I think one way
to turn it around actually is to do what
Donald Trump is doing I think you know
I'm I'm a cheerful person you know I
think that shot I think that this is a
great country there's a we have a lot of
potential but our biggest problem in in
a phrase is the administrative stage the
fact that we have ceded power
to people who we did not let who are
unaccountable to us who run every little
detail of our life I mean you know for
you you you want to want to get a
driver's license well there's a
bureaucracy for that you want to have it
you want to kind of throw your trash
there's a bureaucracy for that there's a
bureaucracy for everything and who are
these people you know Friedrich Hayek
said in the the road to serfdom that the
the low-level bureaucrat who you run
into has much more power over your life
in the billionaire who might live next
to you might employee why because he
comes bearing the coercive power of the
state when you think about this alphabet
soup of the EPA and the DOJ all of these
all of these things that we're kind of
made up over the last 40 years or so and
then run our lives that's why people
elected Donald Trump it's you know part
is because I didn't like having Hillary
Clinton called an irredeemable
deplorable but behind that is this
announced administrative structure got
to go you are preaching to the choir and
when I talk to the kind of anti Trump
guys on the right and they have these
big-ticket issues using these big
dramatic events they do not see Donald
Trump really disassembling that state
getting further really than Reagan has
in a way in just taking that apart and
it is an amazing thing
Roger Kimball publisher of the New
Criterion and encounter books on Twitter
at Roger Kimball at Roger Kimball ki MBA
ll Roger it's great to see you I don't
see you often enough I'm sorry you're
such a severe I love your body
I all right I will talk to you again
soon I hope hey what you know that was
really interesting to me anyway I mean
like first of all you know that I know
you've heard a lot of that if you're
listening to the show you've heard a lot
of these things that I complain about
the administrative state and it is just
immensely important and we you know we
concentrate the press the media that
creates this cloud I mean this is the
thing that what the right doesn't
understand about the culture the culture
works by immersion it doesn't work by oh
you know there's an idea and now
everybody's going to follow that idea
it works by constantly hearing that this
is what's hip
this is what's cool this is what Stephen
Colbert laughs at this is what George
Clooney gives to this is what all these
people who you made but who create the
culture around you are saying and that
is what really affects people but the
truth does have a constituency I mean
there's you know one of my favorite
articles this obviously about yeah here
it is one of my favorite articles
recently comes from variety variety for
those of you don't always our our trade
show biz trade thing you know if you're
in the movies if you're in theater you
want to read variety and find out what's
going on there they reported on a panel
at a conference in Beverly Hills called
has politics made late-night great again
and it was all these comedy writers from
you know the Samantha bee show and The
Daily Show with Trevor
Noah and all of these guys and they're
very disgruntled I mean I love this
article it says it says panelist
included Ashley Nicole black a writer
for full-frontal with Samantha B
Christine angle
I just find it exhausting it's hard to
find it fun said Jason Reich the head
writer for the Jim Jefferies show I can
really get boring to deal with this same
person from provoking the same level of
outrage with everything he does said
Hagelin from The Daily Show with Trevor
Noah
with Trevor Noah all of them are
complaining that they're not getting
through they say they say we're not
getting through to the other side they
all admit that they're on the other side
one of them says I wonder how much is
preaching to the choir we're really
we're not really going to convert anyone
but we're trying to point things out
that people might have missed so they
admit that they are all on one side
they've never met us they don't know
what we think they really don't know
what we believe see we know what they
believe because we see them on TV
because they manufacture our
entertainment because they manufacture
our mainstream news we know what they
think they had no clue who you are they
have no clue who you are I get this all
the time you know in my neighborhood in
with the people I meet they think I must
be a monster I kind of support Donald
Trump I'm a conservative I must be a bad
guy they do not know and that is kept in
place by Stephen Colbert who every day
uses the public Airways to insult every
single person between New York and LA it
doesn't matter because he can get his
audience from all the rest he can get a
big audience from all the rest he
doesn't care that he's spitting on all
those people and I think that the thing
is that culture that is the thing that
we have to be thinking about all the
time how do we how do we get our voices
out there podcasts are great YouTube is
great but all these places they start
they try to censor right-wing voices
because they do not know who we are they
just assume if we disagree with them it
must be hateful and that really is where
we what we have to work on what we have
to think about we not just we don't just
have to think about ideas and governance
and all this stuff we have to think
about the culture and how and how we
communicate who we are and how we appear
and they making sure people know who we
are
all right stuff I like I want to do some
beach reads you know instead of all the
serious stuff I'm doing other
we do you know and you probably I've
been reading Daniel silver recently have
you read Daniel Silva he's he does
thrillers about a Mossad assassin a
Israeli assassin who goes around I just
like them because he goes on killing the
enemies of the Jews which let's face it
is everybody so it's like yeah it's like
you're a Lutheran
I remember the peasants revolt yeah
you're a Catholic are you know you guys
didn't help during World War two bang
effort just killing the enemies of the
Jews but they're very exciting they're
good stuff but because I like the
classics I like old-fashioned stuff I
want to tell you about a book you
probably have never heard of a book
called brat Farrar by Josephine Kay if
anybody knows Josephine T she was a
great great mystery writer
when was she'll around I'll make sure I
don't say anything I regret later she
was kind of a woman of mystery the The
Wall Street Journal just had a big piece
about her that she was writing in the in
the 40s and 50s and if anybody knows
that they usually know the daughter of
time where she had a series detective I
can't remember what his name was
Inspector grant or something like this
and one of the books he breaks his leg
and he's in it for the next book he's
just in the hospital sort of past the
time he tries to solve the mystery of
who killed the twins in the tower
whether it was Richard the third
or not and he just does a historical
mystery so she was very creative but she
has one book called brat Farrar which I
just think is terrific and it's I'll
tell you what it's about it's about a
family with a kind of nice house middle
upper middle-class family in Britain who
has some money and one of their kids
killed himself
about ten years before and his double
shows up and they construct him some con
men construct him into a replacement for
this kid who committed suicide whose
body was never found and he comes and
claims that he is this kid come back to
life that's not giving anything away
that's in the first two chapters it's a
it's a scam but the character depiction
of this guy Brad Farrar who is doing
this it's just a great great
old-fashioned 40s mystery and once you
get past the coincidence that this guy
looks like the guy who disappeared and
the guy disappear you know there's
little lot of coincidence the
put the plot into motion once you get
past that fantastic read entertaining
every page Josephine Tay terrific
mystery writer good good D treats to go
along with your Brad thore and your
Vince Flynn who we also love Brad Thor
Vince Flynn and Daniel Silva all
conservative thriller writers that we
should support but Josephine Tay also
brought there are great stuff to take to
the beach alright tomorrow
it's the mailbag have I mentioned that I
have a so mentions and again if your
subscriber asked any question you like
religious political personal whatever
you want we have solved people's marital
but we actually have we actually saw
people relationships problems get
answers are guaranteed 100% correct will
change your life on occasion for the
better you got to subscribe it's just a
lousy ten bucks a month for a hundred
bucks a month you get the leftist tears
mug this place I mean come on we just
give stuff away we just give stuff away
I'm Andrew Clavin this is the Andrew
Clavin show and we will see you again
tomorrow
