Al Gore can't defend his inconvenient
lives Al Gore's Inconvenient sequel
comes as as dire climate predictions
failed to materialize Al Gore can't save
the global warming cult the fake science
is exposed the best way to reduce your
carbon emissions don't be rich
somebody tell Leonardo DiCaprio and Al
Gore Al Gore says ironically the rich
have subverted all reason and from l
magazine this is guaranteed to be fake
news Al Gore is getting hotter gross Al
Gore defender of the planet inventor of
the internet groper of masseuses is back
ten years after his feature-length
fantasy film An Inconvenient Truth
predicted Armageddon in a decade
the former future president brings us an
inconvenient sequel truth to power in
which he steadfastly refuses to correct
all of the inconveniently false
predictions he made in the first movie
we will analyze plus the panel of
deplorable x' joins us the conservative
millennial Jacob Barry and so Rachel
will discuss Russia expelling US
diplomats potential war with North Korea
and the worst news of all truly
devastating the mooch is out as
communications director
I'm Michael Knowles this is the Michael
Nolt
devastating news absolutely devastating
this came out like ten minutes ago
scaramouche II after ten days on the job
is out as the White House communications
director and this is the first episode
of our show can you believe that gave me
a show the I think I'm the first guy in
history to get his own show a big
producer Marshall a job I think I'm the
first guy in history to get his own show
for not writing a book so that's really
great I'm really happy to have it this
show you know it's going to be you come
for the conversation you stay for the
cafe we've got a great panel coming up
later but first we have to dive right
into Al Gore so let's get right into it
we knew it was coming we when he made
that first movie in 2006 what would you
have predicted was more likely in ten
years
Armageddon or Saint al ringing more
money out of this racket
clearly it was the latter you know it's
expensive he's got to pay for his
beachfront property that is going to be
flooded soon I suppose he's got to pay
for all those jets his house his
tennessee house consumes between 12 and
20 percent more energy than the average
home so he's got to pay for all of that
carbon offset presumably but we have a
lot to dissect here so let's let's get
right into it I saw it so that you don't
have to let's look at the beginning of
the trailer for an inconvenient sequel
I'm here to tell you now
manbearpig is very real and he most
certainly exists
I'm theory on how no fair because I am
here to save you
and someday when the world is rid of
matter peg everyone will say Thank You
Al Gore you're super awesome yeah are
you sure that was from the movie I can't
remember that was from the movie or
somewhere else now that isn't fair that
is not fair we shouldn't be making fun
of our opponents like that
by the way the reason it isn't fair is
that Al Gore would never exaggerate his
role in world history or his self
importance I don't think right my
service in the United States Congress I
took the initiative and creating the
internet oh gosh that doesn't look good
all right well let's get into the actual
trailer of weekend do we have a going
it's supposed to be 70 degrees today
it's free secure speaking of global
warming whereas we need some global
warming freezing the most criticized
scene in the movie An Inconvenient Truth
was showing that the combination of sea
level rise and storm surge would Plus a
9/11 memorial site and people said what
a terrible exaggeration Hurricane sandy
slammed into New York City last night
plotting the World Trade Center site
this you have to hand it to Al Gore this
guy has cojones of steel he opens up his
trailer with some of the most stunning
hypocrisy in the entire movie one thing
we're always told by the alarmist the
global warming alarmists is that weather
is not climate so Donald Trump you saw
in that clip he says you know we need a
little bit more global warming it's a
little chilly here and people say well
that's just the weather and the weather
is different than the climate because
the climate is a lot of weather or
something like that but then Al Gore
immediately goes to one weather event
that happened in New York I lived
through it I was actually my apartment
was flooded during that storm that
wasn't the worst storm in New York
history there were there have been I
think something like 84 major hurricanes
and cyclones in the last three or four
hundred years in New York City that was
certainly not the worst or there's one
in 1938 killed 600 people that fled by
the way Al Gore's claim in his original
movie I don't think it's that every once
in a while parts of New York are going
to flood the streets are going to flood
I think it was that major cities would
be under water but it is a really
masterful painting over and glossing
over of that first assumption and and
really that's stunning of ography sets
you up for the rest of the movie let's
keep going on with the trailer talking
about breaking the impasse
Berkeley every nation in the entire
world agrees to get to zero greenhouse
emissions it is unprecedented it's time
to put America first that includes the
promise to cancel billions in climate
change spending the goal the unmitigated
gall of our president to put the country
that he's the president of before all of
the other countries in the world can you
believe it it's unimaginable but
you know there are a lot of things that
the rest of the world does and America
doesn't do that are pretty good you know
the rest of the world does play soccer
we don't do that and that seems just
fine
rest of the world has abandoned the
Christian roots of Western civilization
I'm pretty glad that we've we've managed
to keep doing that the rest of the world
it bridges the liberty of its citizens
even in the Anglosphere even in the
United Kingdom if you say something
that's politically incorrect if you make
comments about Islam or other religions
or political ideas you can be arrested
for doing just that the United States
has done quite a lot of things on its
own and avoided a lot of the conflicts
and troubles that the rest of the world
has but he takes another pot shot at
Trump this trailer might as well be the
Donald Trump trailer it is totally a
reaction to it and probably Al Gore
thought that he could make a little bit
of money by tying it into the news but
alas alas nobody nobody is been going to
see this movie let's let's go and we
have more this trailer
generation would be justified in looking
back at us and asking what were you
thinking couldn't you hear what the
scientists were saying couldn't you hear
what Mother Nature was screaming at you
this movement is in the tradition of
every great movement that has advanced
human coming it is right to save
humanity it is wrong to pollute this
earth it is right to give hope to the
future generation I do not hear Mother
Nature screaming at me I hear Al Gore
screaming at me it's very unpleasant
that is that this is the sort of sad
thing about this movie after I saw it
actually tweeted out that I genuinely
almost felt sorry for Al Gore because as
you saw he doesn't really take on the
criticisms from his first movie he kind
of glides over a couple of them most of
the movie isn't even about global
warming he doesn't really go into data
the movie is just about Al Gore Al Gore
taking meetings with people
Al Gore making phone calls to people Al
Gore doing everything he can to stay
relevant but unfortunately it doesn't
seem like people are responding anymore
the trouble with making a movie in which
you predict Armageddon is you have to be
right where you can't make a sequel to
it so I went to see it on opening night
in Los Angeles opening night for this
movie in the left wing
of the world it was only playing in two
theaters in LA and not just that I went
with my fiance to go see it we
constituted 25 percent of the audience
there were eight people in the whole
theater so the the latter he yells the
less people listen and vice-versa I
think do it no he by the end of this
clip he actually does get to the heart
of the matter he gets to really what
what the left-wing agenda is for this
country and what the environmentalist
agenda is can we keep going I guess
we've skipped over his oh I remember it
so even though he skipped over his words
what he says are don't let anybody tell
you that we're going to Mars don't let
anybody tell you that we're going to
colonize someplace else this world this
is our home we're staying here so we
have to stop doing whatever we have to
stop driving our cars and having nice
productive lives that is the heart of
this left-wing agenda because in the old
days this this is not what we saw we now
we're being told do less drive less
produce less travel less pollute less
you know there's no positive message
that we're getting out of this this was
not always the case another a Democratic
president someone who actually made it
to the presidency from the Democratic
Party had a very different message even
fifty years ago let's hear it we choose
to go to the moon we choose to go to the
moon
we choose to go to the moon in this
decade and do the other things not
because they are easy but because they
are hard because that challenge is one
that we are willing to accept one we are
unwilling to postpone and one we intend
it
we choose to crush tin cans we choose to
cut those little plastic things that
hold the cans together so the Dolphins
don't choke we choose to crush tin cans
that is the Democratic Party has come a
very long way since from President
Kennedy to Al Gore and it's a really sad
devolution
that we're seeing with them the movie
isn't about global warming one neat
little tricky doesn't it though you've
seen the nomenclature change over time
initially in the 70s and 80s it was
global cooling then it became global
warming then it became climate change
when the scientific observations didn't
match up with the predictions now I'll
grant it again that the phrase he uses
constantly incessantly in the movie is
the climate crisis the climate crisis
and this serves two purposes one it's
just as ambiguous as climate change
so it's unfalsifiable but climate crisis
also means come on everybody listen to
me more come see my movie care about
this he's seen that interesting global
warming has ebbed and receded immensely
since 2006 so the end is also pathetic
this movie ends like a bad nonprofit
fundraising video they have a hashtag up
on the screen they tweet this tweet be
inconvenient go to our Facebook page
it's really really pathetic whatever you
thought of that first in the first movie
was nonsensical it was stupid it was
alarmist but it was good propaganda it
was actually a pretty good good work of
propaganda when the Oscar for it I think
he got his Nobel Prize for for his
PowerPoint presentation this is it
really phoned in it's a cheap money grab
and said for him it isn't making any
money so before before you rush out to
the sequel after that great
recommendation there are some
Corrections from the first movie that he
does not address in this movie you would
think you take the opportunity but he
doesn't so we've all heard about a lot
of the scandals and East Anglia
University
United Nations climate scientists were
caught manipulating data trying to hide
the decline to account for periods in
which warming did not occur over the
past 15 and 20 years the the IPCC
actually the internet governmental Panel
on Climate Change did admit in a draft
its 2013 report that there a lot of
their predictions haven't come true so
they were at least a little bit more
forthright than climate evangelist Al
Gore but in 2007 so just shortly after
the movie came out the British High
Court identified 9 errors in the movie
that were so egregious that if you
showed the movie to schoolchildren in
the UK you actually had to read a
disclaimer this is one case where he
needed a trigger warning because there
are so many falsities in the movie that
we had to correct them so and since then
we've seen that many other predictions
from the film having come true but let's
just go through them really quickly so
that you can be prepared when you become
the fifth person to go see Al Gore's
Inconvenient sequel so in the movie Al
Gore predicted a 20-foot sea-level rise
in the near future the judge in that
2007 decision said the Armageddon
scenarios he predicts insofar as it
suggests that sea level rises of seven
metres might occur in the immediate
future is not in line with the
scientific consensus so much for that
scientific consensus the 97% 150 percent
of scientists that think Al Gore should
have been President or something like
that I don't remember what the exact
study was the second the Pacific atolls
quote or being inundated because of
anthropogenic global warming was a claim
made in the movie there is there is no
evidence of that there's no evidence of
evacuations happening there it was just
made up whole cloth number three global
warming would shut down the Gulf Stream
the the stream between the continental
Europe and the UK and the east coast of
the United States even the UN climate
panel said that that was unlikely that
was the UN climate panel said they've
been unlikely before Al Gore made his
movie but he put it in there anyway
I guess he spends a good yarn it makes
for a for a good film then the film also
showed an exact fit between carbon
dioxide level rises and temperature
level rises but the data don't bear that
out the judge pointed this out there is
some scientific consensus that
there is a relationship between the two
but a one-to-one direct line there is no
evidence that that exists
Al Gore staked a lot of his ridiculous
film on it and then Kilimanjaro the
snows of Kilimanjaro mr. Gore predicted
in 2006 that the snows of Kilimanjaro
would be gone within 10 years Marcia
have you have you seen it lately have
you looked at anything you're like you
haven't pulled out there's snow still on
there that's not from 10 years ago there
are still snows on Kilimanjaro how
wonderful for Mother Nature how sad for
Al Gore another another prediction
similar is that Lake Chad is drying up
because of global warming this one is a
little trickier view the lake Chad
actually is drying up depending on the
season and overtime but there's no
evidence that it's caused by man-made
global warming this is what's really
hard to wear people say a little bit of
knowledge is a dangerous thing whenever
anything happens in the environment
nobody knows anything about
environmental science including myself
but because this has become such a
political issue any time it's a
partially cloudy day in Los Angeles the
mass populace will attribute it to
global warming and there isn't evidence
for a lot of these things so with the
drying up of Lake Chad there are a lot
of other reasons that have been proposed
there's been a massive population
increase there's been there's grazing
and there's also regional climate
variability so not not all climate
variability is due to some global
phenomenon or man-caused pollution
places change over time and there's much
more evidence that that's what's causing
the lake jet dry up than you're driving
your SUVs Hurricane Katrina Al Gore said
that Hurricane Katrina shows the effect
of global warming and this is another
incredible evidence where weather is not
climate and climate is not weather
except when it's convenient for Al Gore
yes then then there's a one-to-one
correlation but when conservatives say
that it's ridiculous you're uneducated
you're rubes there is there is no
evidence that Hurricane Katrina was
caused by global warming there is a lot
of evidence that Hurricane Katrina and
the devastation that Iran is caused by
insufficient levies and bad Democrat
municipal leadership there is that in
the city has been run by Democrats
ever and they didn't prepare for for
these potential disasters not a lot of
evidence again that your SUV cause that
that terrible disaster and then the
polar bears those poor don't you
remember after that movie came out there
were all these memes going around that
one that lone polar bear on a little
floating ice sheet because all of his
pals had drowned the they were in danger
of going extinct that all the ice was
melting so they were swimming and
drowning there is just three numbers
that we should read off that will that
will disabuse you of this notion that Al
Gore propagated in his film in 1960
jiminy polar bears there were in the
world estimated eight to ten thousand
polar bears in the world that is in
danger of extinction now in 2005 just
before Al Gore made his movie 45 years
after 1960 there was an estimated 25 20
to 25,000 polar bears in existence
that's pretty good don't call it a
comeback that's a that's a great
increase since the 1960s but what about
ten years later there have to be what
five or ten polar bears left in the
world not true the polar bear population
is now estimated between 23 and 32
thousand polar bears great news for the
polar bears I'm so happy to see that bad
news for Al Gore and his first movie and
his sequel and then finally Al Gore
claimed that the coral reef would be
bleached and destroyed by global warming
but again there is insufficient evidence
of this there's insufficient evidence of
the coral reefs haven't adapted and we
still have plenty of reefs to go around
and snorkel and scuba dive by so with
that let's bring in our panel of
deplorable z' we have we have a truly
truly deplorable panel today we have
from the blaze and the conservative
Millennials log we have Allie Stuckey
the conservative millennial from PJTV
and about a gazillion other media
outlets we have Alfonso's Oh Rachel and
from the alley next to the Chatsworth
psychiatric hospital we have Jacob arey
thank you all for joining us today let's
go right into Al Gore's Oh why are we
wasting so much time talking about
healthcare and Isis and the North Korea
crisis when we could be talking about
the Sun monster the Sun Monster is going
to kill
so I'm a very big yeah you know how
probably shouldn't say this on TV med
when you say let's go into outdoor that
sounds dirty that's a great complain I
should have reconsidered my thoughts I
like whatever outlook good luck yeah
being there that is an x-rated way to
begin the Michael you're going right
into al gore if I you started you
started it you know with in with al gore
I think that he said he's undergone a
transgender change and he's decided
reppin suburbs himself as a mother earth
and if you really care about the
environment I don't think you would be
encouraging people you know to waste
their gas money and waste gas and
emissions one see here's both that is a
great point Jacob if we just count a few
more Chad's out of those counties in
Florida do you think Al Gore can finally
be President that's what this is all
about right it's just sixteen seventeen
years later he can't get over it I know
and what's crazy about it is Al Gore
when he when he won his Nobel Peace
Prize for doing this slide show there
was people there were people who
actually deserved it there was a lady
who was proposed by a Holocaust
organisation her name was Irene e
Spindler and she actually rescued twenty
five hundred children Jewish children in
Poland during the Nazi occupation and
she lost to Al Gore who did a video that
has largely been desponding debunked so
I honestly think that even if we got rid
of all those all those rednecks who just
want to drive their their f4 f-150s
I still think Al Gore would lose in the
long run typical right-wing propaganda
you think that some some hero of the
Holocaust deserves a prize more than Al
Gore who told us to crush tin cans
absolutely disgusting hate speech
Ali do Millennials care about global
warming or is this just some baby boomer
hippie dippie fantasy well if they buy
into this anti Trump propaganda that Al
Gore especially there could be many
Millennials that you unfortunately we're
duped by things that we prolong pass on
Facebook
sensationalized headlines and so if
you're someone who is easily duped
then maybe you can go to something like
this and actually believe that the world
is coming to an end but if Millennials
actually stepped back and thought about
the fact that Al Gore is saying that our
quality of life is lowering that life
expectancy is lowering because of fossil
fuels and they actually thought about
the fact that the opposite is true that
the quality of life is to come better
that life expectancy and LinkedIn even
while we're using more and more fossil
fuels and maybe they would see that what
he's telling isn't the entire picture
and if Al Gore really cared about people
the 7 billion people in the world their
access to clean water their quality of
life you would actually be pushing
fossil fuels but he's not he's doing the
opposite so anyone that doesn't see this
as propaganda Millennials are not sadly
they're pretty problem to quote a great
man sad the speaking of gullible fools
there is this really creepy aspect to
the movie where the last third of it
shows him going around to these
cult-like gatherings and he's teaching
them he calls them his global warming
trainings or his climate crisis
trainings and you see all of these
little clerics of the global warming
religion learning from their their Pope
their high priests so is that what this
is is that what this is about just
secular religion and gullible fools well
getting up I'm getting a bad
transmission but I think if I if I could
try to piece together what you're saying
but get here I heard the magic word of
religion that's what I think this whole
thing is I think it stays sponsored
religion area um but yeah this G is
preying on the self righteousness of
these Millennials and bilateral
bathrooms because of all this global
warming stuff these people would have
these these kids are have to pay some
awful gas price I feel you know you guys
first get your driver's license you're
ready to hit the road and take off to
get you guys gotta pay the high gas
prices that's really that really sucks
because of people like Al Gore that we
have to pay these high gas prices for
all these boutique fuels and all these
regulations that they put on using taxes
that they put on fuels preaching this
fear-mongering that they do I blame Bush
and the Russians but agree to disagree I
agree to disagree we have to go now and
sign off at Facebook and YouTube because
you all who don't subscribe to The Daily
wire can't keep watching it costs $10 a
month or $100 a year and you get the red
of this absolutely deplorable panel
we're going to be talking about scare
Moochie we're going to be talking about
all the news but you can't see it unless
you subscribe so go to the daily wire
right now subscribe you'll get the
Michael Noel's show the Ben Shapiro show
the Andrew Clavin show and a lot of
other perks so go over there right now
and Facebook and YouTube we'll see you
later
you
okay so we have news now that Russia
will expel 755 US diplomats in
retaliation to new sanctions that we
passed here we we actually have video
footage of our weak corrupt president
colluding with the Russians do we have
it
my last much they please yes that was
the last present that wasn't that wasn't
a new Prez I was the weak and corrupt
President Barack Obama okay interesting
well things don't look good in the
us-russia relationship or maybe that's
exactly what Trump wants us to think
ally can we finally drop this Russia
collusion narrative is it over finally I
don't think it's ever going to be over
until they give up which what do they
want they want up the damn page I don't
really know I don't think it's going to
be over but frankly I don't think
there's that much of the story yes
there's tension between the US and
Russia so what else is new
all he's doing is dialing the number of
dibbles that's that's what it was before
755 Dippold F and Reza is actually a
huge number I think the only have about
50 Russian diplomats in America so he
just elated back to food a you know
political tick for attack it's not that
big of a deal honestly Jacob or the US
and Russia headed for conflict right now
or has Trump ushered in an actual
Russian reset which Hillary Clinton
tried to do in mistranslated the word is
this a big nothing burger or we headed
for we headed for conflict we've always
been in conflict with Russia so I
honestly think it's just a big nothing
burger I agree with Ally it's just
business as usual he did the same thing
when during the Obama administration
when Obama shut down some of their
embassies that that's all this is
it's just him trying to say hey look at
me I ride on a horse with no shirt on
that's all that Putin is doing right now
so you know we haven't had a war in a
while it's been all of our wars have
kind of been winding down can we get can
we get this one should we how are the
Democrats going to spin this and how are
we going to finally get some war over
here okay what man I usually hear the
pop
thing the popular saying is we need a
ward increase our economy as far as I
remember we didn't work for a little
while and I don't see people feeling all
that great about the economy but yeah
sure when and you know if what we talk
about doing more with today we talk
about the North Korea is that's one a
you know that hey that's a great Owen
don't don't huh yeah and by the way you
know Kim jong-il listen here you know
you don't want to mess with us too much
you know because America he love
barbecue and we hear the Korean barbecue
is really good so uh you know if you
don't want to be on our grill you know
be slow you know I'm glad you brought
that up
we actually have live footage right now
we have a live feed into Pyongyang as
tensions ramp up with North Korea can we
think into that I don't worry so worried
and sad Rio well give no one just me all
me sitting on my rental
I'm work we're Iman and makeup with but
no one seems like no one takes me
so I'm wrong acquit around me
already
incredible footage incredible footage
this is what you subscribe to the daily
wire for Jacob shouldn't we just be a
little bit more compassionate and
accommodating of the Kim regime aren't
they just a little bit lonely oh
absolutely not we need to keep our
hammer on that we need to be watching
them they are up to no good and these
missile tests show this I'm not
advocating we should and do an invasion
or anything but we should definitely
keep a sharp eye on them they are always
trying something new to to cancel out
democracy because they want to spread
their red terror wherever they go have
you no empathy you monstrous Republican
ally the Kim regime has really been
aggressive lately they've been shooting
off a lot of missiles one missile very
close to Japan what does Kim jong-un
think that he has to gain from this
what what's his endgame here I think in
doing the same that has always been
which is what he think will be absolute
power now whether his idea of how much
power he actually hasn't completed
because he is so isolated and lonely we
don't really know but that's why exactly
what we've heard is that Champa needs to
keep a sharp eye on him and put pressure
on China and that's exactly what he's
doing he's calling out China for not
keeping these things at bay which is
absolutely true I don't think that we
can any longer trust China and help us
in that apartment you mispronounced it
it is China but otherwise great points I
totally agree so is President Trump can
blow up the world or has his handling of
international affairs been pretty
reassuring all right God is going to
blow up the world today no money that's
it that's a great that's really all you
have to say about it that's really
that's a really great point we got we're
going to make that into an article
brilliant brilliant
this there is he's blown up his White
House he's blown up all of my excitement
about this White House because of the
terrible news that came at just 20
minutes ago
Anthony scaramouch II the mooch Wall
Street executive White House
communications director he is out from
his post after just 10 days to quote a
great man sad
the mooch got rights fired rises
replacement got the mooch fired Ali is
this chaos narrative correct is that
what's going to this total chaos or is
there any strategy here actually no I
think it's because Jeremy she made a
mistake um in entrusting reporter which
he never should have done he said some
things that he probably didn't mean but
he said and I think for a communications
director that wasn't really good luck so
I actually made drum for change you know
what none of this nonsense I think he's
actually cutting out some chaos by
firing someone who otherwise would have
done a good job but just messed up I
don't think do you have any room for
this kind of tomfoolery anymore so
that's why they had to say sorry sir me
too you're out I guess that's true you
know whenever I'm having a little fight
with my fiancee Ram I'm arguing with the
Daily wire God King Jeremy boring the
first thing I do is call up left-wing
reporter Ryan Lizza at The New Yorker
that's the first thing I do I said you
know Ryan I'm sorry I got to take my
call again I'm just really upset at all
of my friends and colleagues and he is
it's too bad it didn't work out for
scaramouche II you know George
Steinbrenner very famously fired all of
his top employees over and over again
Erie hire let me fire them again and he
is the winningest owner in baseball
history though is Trump's revolving door
a sign of adaptability and strength or
does it bode badly for the Trump
administration uh answer for what I can
get from that uh and I could use some of
that front money so I can upload a bit
or just a better uh
signal amplifier or something let me get
those better aid deals then the economy
is going to boom we'll be able to get
you a better signal there you go there
you go it uh let's start if this is to
certain star who Chi is like man that's
that's bad you decide I kept a job
longer and that took at the brag about
it so but it's but you know if you go
into the fire things you know we got as
we got it to those bean store where
Trump cycle on your fire he's got to
come on Twitter and say you're fired or
something like that and and I'm writing
sure whose star motion was fired by was
he fired by his wife what let's leave he
also he also was fired by his I was
getting a divorce he worked for
President Trump just long enough to get
divorced
not a good tenure hey but right
and I'm sorry from stepping on victims
like my chances of that but I think I
think scar Moochie may have a career as
a rap artist man because he's more foul
language in any rap oven I've ever heard
that is a great advice I hope that the
mooch is watching really good advice
from so you should you should take it
down
Jacob Sean Spicer has got to be feeling
great right now that he had the second
shortest tenure of any press secretary
in US history and he still lasted six
seven months
scaramouche II gone after only ten days
why did he only last a week was it was
it that New Yorker article or was it did
he unexpectedly hire the man who was
going to fire him well or what were the
workings like I honestly think it was
tension between him and the new White
House chief of staff John Kelly former
Marine general the the rumor was that
scaramouche II was bragging that he had
unlimited access to Trump that he could
go right around Kelly and go straight to
the Oval Office and reports are saying
that at the beginning of the week our of
just yesterday Kelly told the staff no I
am in charge I am running things I'm the
chief of staff no one goes through it
goes through me our goes to trump
through me and so I really think I
really think that that's what this was
was scary scary mooshi wanted unlimited
access and Kelly was like not happening
that's that's my honest take on this
whole thing I think he might have been a
victim of global warming but who knows
who knows it'll be for us to debate
thank you all for being here Alys Oh
Jakob great to have you I'm sure we'll
have you back now get out of here what a
deplorable panel what a deplorable panel
that is now it is time for the final
thought
global warming evokes a religious
passion particularly among the secular
left not merely because it
coincidentally justifies every policy
goal they've harbored for a century but
even more because it offers atheists the
satisfaction of their natural religious
longings climate change is unfalsifiable
as evidenced by the ever-changing
nomenclature global cooling global
warming the catch-all climate change and
now Al Gore's even more mealy-mouthed
climate crisis this quasi religion
offers sin in pollution redemption in
recycling even the sale of indulgences
in carbon offset credits fantasies of
imminent carbon induced Armageddon are
secular eschatology and Al Gore is a
modern-day millerite but st. Allen his
apostles would do well to ask themselves
a sobering question how would you really
enter life if the world doesn't actually
need your saving I'm Michael Nolt
this is the first episode of the Michael
Nolt show come back tomorrow we'll do it
again
