someone's slicing slicer has resigned as
White House press secretary in his
resignation letter to President Trump
Spicer said quote it has been a great
honor to serve my country but now you
can take this crappy job and shove it
unquote the resignation letter was tied
to Iraq and hurled through the window of
the Oval Office according to Jim Acosta
of CNN who was also tied to Iraq and
hurled through the window of the Oval
Office attached to a letter which read
and you can take this crappy reporter
and shove it to Acosta complained about
the incident saying it should have been
on camera so everyone could see him
Acosta said the fact that he was not on
camera was a violation of Americans
First Amendment right to see Jim Acosta
on camera
the speiser resignation will have major
ramifications on the behind-the-scenes
power struggles at the White House
according to people who know nothing
about the behind-the-scenes power
struggles at the White House namely Jim
Acosta and his anonymous sources who are
also named Jim Acosta by some strange
coincidence according to these sources
it was the appointment of businessman
Anthony scaramouche II also known as
Anthony scare Meucci that caused Spicer
space to turn scarlet while steam came
out of his ears making a high-pitched
whistling noise that sounded like a
teakettle screaming Anthony scaramouche
II anonymous sources named Jim Acosta
also say the presidential aide an evil
demon from the bowels of hell Steve
Bannon complained about the tea kettle
noise which he said disturbed his
thought processes while he was plotting
the white supremacist overthrow over the
government this in turn disturbed
bannon's chief rival Reince Priebus who
complained to the president that he
wanted to plot the white supremacist
overthrow of the government which in
turn caused Bannon to grab previous nose
between the knuckles of his first two
fingers and twisted in a circle while
previous flapped his arms in the air and
said woop woop woop knocking up yuck the
New York Times a former newspaper
celebrated Spicer's resignation with an
editorial which read quote we hated Sean
Spicer because he yelled at us when we
lied so he was yelling at us all the
time
and it damaged our self-esteem in future
we look forward to lying without getting
yelled at the way we used to do with
Obama who made our jobs much easier
because we didn't have to make up our
own lies but could just report his
unquote Spicer says he has already
landed a new job as the chief bouncer at
the Double Deuce house in Jasper
Missouri
CNN's Jim Acosta says this is unfair
because the Double Deuce doesn't have
cameras so no one can see Jim Acosta
someone should probably explain to Gemma
cost of it no one can see him anyway
because he's on CNN trigger warning I'm
Andrew Clavin and this is the Andrew
Clavin show all right the Clavin this
weekend comes to an end but not
everybody made it Sean Spicer and OJ
Simpson this outies have been released
any singles ladies easy okay okay what I
like about the Sean Spicer OJ connection
though is Saturday Live has made hey
imitating Sean Spicer how wonderful it
is in the New York Times and then all
the leftist press says oh how funny they
are Melissa McCarthy doing Sean Spicer
but they didn't do jokes about OJ
Simpson because we'll remember that Norm
Macdonald was fired from Saturday Night
Live because one of the some of the
brass at MPC we're playing golf with OJ
Simpson they did let like McDonald
making jokes about him being
slaughtering his wife Michael walls is
with us today he will be talking about
Jay Z and you know I have my hands up
and moving my hips like yeah and I can't
wait and will they also do a review of
duck and Kirk but first you know my
naturebox stuff arrived that was that
was the highlight of the Clavin loose
weekend is my nature watch stuff arrived
and I have to say this is this is my
thing because I don't sleep at night
that is when I do most of my spikes
snacking you know normally I'm very
disciplined as the night wears on I
start to like pick at things I'm reading
and watching TV and I like to have
something there so whatever my wife buys
is what I'm going to eat and so a lot of
times not that my wife eats junk she
doesn't but if their cereal I like that
the thing about naturebox is these
send you these snacks that first of all
they are they taste terrific they're
actually great I'm asking this after
this thing kettle corn coffee kettle
corn which is kind of like hits every
kind of thing in my head you know it's
got coffee it's K I don't know if you
know kettle corn so sweet popcorn
essentially it's so so good these snacks
taste great but there are actually
better for you they're created with
high-quality ingredients that are free
from artificial colors flavors or
sweeteners so you can feel great about
snacking you can see on the package
where the calories are and all that
stuff the naturebox recently made their
service even better because now you can
order as much as you want as often as
you want with no minimum purchase
required and you cancel anytime
all you do is you go to naturebox calm
and check out the snack catalogue all
you have to do is look at the page and
you'll immediately be hooked there are
over a hundred snacks to choose from and
they're always adding new ones so it
always changes you choose the snacks you
want they deliver them right to your
door and with naturebox you won't get
bored because it always is changing up
and if you ever try a snack and you
don't like it nature bots will replace
it for free so right now you'll save
even more naturebox is offering our fans
50% off your first order
when you go to nature box calm clayvin
I'm glad you asked me that question Asin
it's que la vie aan naturebox.com/tyler
first order nature box calm and try this
coffee kettle corn it's obscene it
really is it's so good all right you
know I want to start - everybody's
talking about the white house and this
and that and I just want to start
talking about something else for but for
a very specific reason I want to talk
about some of the stuff that's going on
in Israel that there's there's all this
turmoil I guess was last Friday or the
Friday before last two gunmen on the
Temple Mount you know where the old
temple was the temple that's in the
Bible was there was now a mosque on that
mount and it's a disputed site and the
Muslims kind of want it to be the
capital of you know their new Palestine
went after they finished killing all the
Jews and you know no Jews can go up onto
the mosque and the mosque kind of
dominates the view of Jerusalem and
there's a fly in the studio look at that
it's a fly in
studio to do a guest spot uh anyway so
two gunmen killed cops right two
Palestinian gunmen kill cops so the
Israelis put up a metal detector to get
into the mosque the place goes nuts
right as riding this all this stuff
while the rioting goes on a guy breaks
into a Jewish home a Palestinian breaks
into a Jewish home and slaughters three
people in this family that poor your
mother's like locked in the room with
the children you know the guys come
either they have to rescue her and all
this stuff
during these riots that the family see
because they're putting security because
there is a terrorist act or as New York
Times said an active seemed like
terrorism I don't know what guy killing
you got with guns killing a couple of
cops is going to seem like but that so
they're rioting and three people are
murdered in their home by a Palestinian
terrorist and three Palestinians are
killed in the riots right because
they're rioting they are having rights
so they knew the news all over I'm
quoting from CBS but it was everywhere
three Palestinians three Israelis killed
in violence over Jerusalem shrine so
like the entire moral framework of the
news is completely removed and that's a
dishonest story and that's a dishonest
story this is not this is not like he
said she said
operation Israel is a free nation Israel
as a place where women are free Israel
is a place where Muslims can worship
Islamism Israel is a place where Muslims
can worship Israel is a place where you
can say what you want where you can do
the things that you want you can live a
life and all this stuff that is not true
in any of the Muslim majority countries
even Turkey which is slipping into
Islamism as we watch so the idea that
Palestine the Palestinians are made up
there we use column Philistines that's
what they're called in the Bible the
idea that Palestine should be a nation
because we really need another
oppressive Islamic nation and a free
nation of Israel should be under fire
and the killing that goes on in a house
a tiebreaking is awesome wiping out a
family is the same morally as people
getting as people getting killed during
while they're rioting it's it's a
I it's a lie it's a big fantasy lie and
you know this the same thing but the
fact that all they want to do it's kind
of like the protesters what do you mean
you're going to put up metal detectors
how will we get our guns in to kill you
I mean that's what they're saying it was
like when they protested they built that
wall on the West Bank
and they protested and oh remember what
a terrible thing a wall was I mean that
was the press rest alia so how
oppressive and how racist and it's
apartheid that wall essentially
eliminated suicide bombings it
eliminated them coming across so it's
like they're protesting hey we can't
kill you it's not fair you know and this
is the fantasy world that the press is
created and the point that I want to
make about this okay is this is the same
media that is reporting American news
the fantasy that is going on in Israel
is that the world without a moral
framework the world where Israel and the
Palestinians are on equal footing where
a terrorist act is the same as somebody
getting killed while he's rioting you
know all that stuff with that that
framework of reality of just an actual
moral law it's not you know it's not
like a random moral law it's not like I
happen to be rooting for the Israelis
their free country I mean this is the
stuff that we're supposed to believe in
that same press is reporting on Donald
Trump and it's reporting on this I mean
is another story that's going on right
now is the murder rate is spiraling
upward in Democrat cities and especially
in Democrat cities where there has been
black lives matter activity in Baltimore
it's viral in out of control and they
asked the police union I mean you read
any stories buried like down at the
bottom they asked the guy in the police
union this is where Freddie gray
remember Freddie gray was the guy who
died in the paddy wagon basically and
they said there well they were trying to
kill him and they started to put the six
officers Freddie gray was black three of
the officers were black three of them
were white they started to put him on
trial Marilyn Mosby was at the DA's name
and it was just they they started to get
off and she finally had to drop the
charges and now the head of the police
union in Baltimore says oh you know it's
in the officers minds could I wind up
being charged and being put in jail for
doing my job
in other words they're not policing with
the same intensity they were and now
black people are getting killed
thanks Obama thanks black lives matter
and these are
things that are going on while the press
is reporting Jared Kushner is talking
about some meeting he had about Russia
it's the same media Michael Crichton the
great thriller writer guy wrote Jurassic
Park and so on he was also a really good
political observer and he once made the
point I've mentioned this before but
it's worth repeating he once made the
point that when you hit a news story
that you know something about so if I
hit a news story that's about Hollywood
you know about what business is like
doing business is like in Holland you
notice that they don't know what they're
talking about but then when you turn the
page and you go into the next story
about Israel or Baltimore you assume
that they know what they're talking
about because you don't know that
information and you're getting it from
the newspaper so you suck it's just a
psychological thing so when these people
who are lined so badly about Israel
we're just making up this fantasy Israel
who are not even talking about the fact
that black lives matter and Obama's
constant attacks on the police were tore
a way of distracting the public and the
press from the fact that his policies
weren't working when when that stuff is
all fantasy and you move on
to Donald Trump and you move on to
what's happening and is the government
in disarray and all this stuff all that
stuff is fantasy too I mean you have to
start looking for you know you have to
start looking for the stories themselves
you know the funny thing about Trump
about Trump in the Trump administration
is I'm not a big fan of Trump as a human
being like I think I really don't like
the bullying and I don't like the rough
talk and all the stuff but I do
understand that he did something
important he actually stopped the
rolling tide of leftism that was
engulfing the country and was really
threatening to engulf the country and
that it's still there that rolling tide
is still there people who think that the
Jews of the problem in the Middle East
are still running our newspapers people
who think that the cops are the problem
in black neighborhoods are still there
and the fact that Trump has put the
brakes on them is important it's
importantly and he's done good things I
mean I think is his foreign policy is
better in the Supreme Court Peck
obviously I was reading in the Daily
wire a lovely place where you should
really subscribe to because you know if
you subscribe for a year and get these
leftist ears month so you should really
is worth doing but I was reading in the
Daily wire that
humph has eliminated sixteen federal
regulations for each new one he's put in
place so you know I think that this this
vision of the left is actually beginning
to crack a little bit I saw Chuck
Schumer on TV and for the first time
Schumer was starting to talk about how
losing the election was their fault I
mean he was really blaming Hillary
Clinton but he was talking here here he
is explaining what has gone wrong with
the Democrat Party ready come let's just
comrade Boroff it's real cool and
there's an obscure joke you'll never
hear anywhere else look red blues no but
here is Chuck Schumer suddenly they're
now going to bring out their trumpian
their imitation from economic plan
listen to this when you lose an election
i with someone who has a 40% popularity
you look in the mirror and say what did
we do wrong and the number-one thing
that we did wrong is we didn't have we
didn't tell people what we stood for
even today as your poll showed they know
we're standing up to trump they like
that but they want to know what do you
stand for so tomorrow
Democrats will unveil our economic
agenda it's called a better deal it has
three components we're going to raise
people's wages and create better paying
jobs we're going to cut down on their
everyday expenses they have to pay and
we're going to give them the tools they
need to compete in the 21st century so
simply put what a Democrat stand for a
better deal for working families higher
wages less costs tools through the 2000
for eight years you had control of
Congress apart
at that time what took so long and why
did it happen during the campaign well I
don't know why it didn't happen in the
campaign we all take blame not any one
person but now we have spent a lot of
time working on this and it's going to
really impress the American people yeah
he dodged Stephanopoulos questions seven
levels blue the question
but the question is you had eight years
where were you on all these
working-class things when you were
telling us we should be using out the
bathrooms in our elementary schools
where were you you know when you were
doing this putting this anchor of
Obamacare on our economy
where were you well you would blame
blowing up the Middle East where were
you for the working-class people this is
like imitation trumpism as you know you
know the Democrats only have one policy
forever for everything which is steal
people's money from one from people who
are productive and give it to people who
aren't productive and that's what
they're going to do when he says well
we're going to create jobs you keep the
government doesn't create jobs only jobs
government creates or government jobs
which actually make fewer jobs because
it everything that the government does
is a weight on businesses
I got break here to say goodbye to
Facebook and YouTube where you have been
getting free video but you can get video
at the Daily wire if you subscribe if
you subscribe this is what you get for a
lousy ten bucks a month you get to watch
the video right there on The Daily wire
you get to you can also do you get ad
free daily if you're subscribed on the
website yeah so that's pretty good too
you get to be in the mailbag where I
solve all of your personal problems I
mean look in the mirror you know I mean
this is that not worth ten bucks a month
and if you get it for a year which is
only a hundred lousy bucks a month you
get the leftist to yours mug that keeps
your leftist ears cold and my coffee
warm come on over to the Daily wire calm
okay so before we get to Knowles let me
just do a quick review of this new guy
just okay I was I have to say now now
that I feel fairly confident that Trump
is not evil that he's not going to be
like an authoritarian that he's not
going to do anything to damage the
actual polity of the American polity the
American Way of life he may do things I
hate he may go for too far to the left
he may mess things up and bobble the
ball and all that but now I'm convinced
that he's not going to do anything
really evil I love how entertaining this
all is I mean it's so much more
entertaining than the last eight years
of being scolded and having Obama shake
his finger at us and tell us who we are
as a people when he had no clue who we
are as a people and I was really sad
when Sean Spicer stepped down because
Sean Spicer made me laugh every time on
TV when he would just say it was it was
really like mr. Spicer shut up
yeah-ha slap you around in stuff but I
this guy may be just as entertaining I
mean he seems comes on first
Spicer got a last head he was on Sean
Hannity and he didn't say the rumor is
the anonymous source story is that he
didn't like Scarah Moochie he didn't
think he even wanted to be his boss cuz
now scaramouche is over him he's not the
White House spokesman the White House
spokesman is Huckabee Sanders and so
that was the rumor that that's why he
quit but he was very politic about all
that but he did have this to say about
the press most people aren't really
privy to how stories are developed and
what stories are making it to the front
page or to the mainstream media whether
it's in print or in broadcast and I
think they'd be shocked and disappointed
to see some of the bias that exists in
some of the stories that don't get told
or the manner in which they are told
I was increasingly disappointed and how
so many of the members here the media do
their job or rather don't do their job
the bias at which they come from at-at
and as I mentioned a while ago I think
that has become a very quick beat
mentality among a lot of reporters where
they're more interested in their clip or
their click than they are about the
truth and the facts so I think that's
that is certainly fair enough so I like
the fact that you had a parting shot at
the press and then Sarah Huckabee
Sanders goes on with George cycle
Apogee's and and this is the
is classic I mean this is classic I you
know we are so Democrat we don't know
how Democrat we are from the media
listen to this question I want to see
the same question John Carla Sean Spicer
on his first stage you promise to always
try to tell the truth from that podium
absolutely and not just to you but I
think that's our duty certainly I have
three young kids and I want to be able
to go home and look my kids in the eye
every single day and that's far more
important to me to be able to do that
and have that the highest level of
honesty and integrity and I want to do
that not just in my job but in every
single thing I do and so this is just an
extension of me being able to do that
and I'm excited honored to do it so so I
thought you should have said is me tell
the truth what I'm talking about what
you're asking you are asking me I will
deliver George Stephanopoulos you said I
love you Hillary and now you're
pretending to be a journalist you know I
mean this is Lee I'm sure I wonder did
they ask Josh earnest that earnest that
when he took over Obama's podium I very
very much doubt it I couldn't find I
couldn't find an interview that he did
when he started but I doubt they were
asking that question the very question
itself is offensive I mean the question
about itself as a fence you swear to
tell the truth how about you know you
you know like bite me George that's the
answer to that question so now they
bring in scare scare Moochie and the
thing about scaramouche is you supported
Obama for a while he then supported Jeb
exclamation point and he supported who
was the other one he supported this
Scott Walker I think he supported gave
him money and talked him up and there's
this old cut of him attacking Trump
scaramouche II was in business Trump
attacked this business this is the this
is the old let me see if I can find this
it is number two cut number 2 make
Elizabeth Warren as vice presidential
nominee with comments like that
politicians don't want to go add Trump
because you've got a big mouth and he's
afraid is going to light them up on Fox
News and all these other places but I'm
not apologize
bringing revenue from Queens County
bring it dog drink the Donald but I like
the scar emoji now goes on and Chris
Wallace asks him you know to respond to
this and this is cut number three so
there's this caramel tea the thing I
like about it it sounds exactly like
Donald Trump he's like mini-me Trump now
I love about you guys okay is it's a
three-minute segment that I guess is
going to be played for eternity we
should put it on the Voyager spacecraft
and send it interstellar okay my lovely
guys let me go Yorkers and this is my
point I want to finish my point I love
the guy I have spent the last 18 months
supporting him unyieldingly because he's
a great person and he's going to be a
phenomena is a phenomenal present is
even going to be a better present open
you're not allowed to fight a little bit
amongst your friends if you're not
allowed to do that and what are we doing
it's like the New York the New York
administration is like what are we doing
aggressively can't fight we can't play
he does about if he talked about how
he's going to solve the leak problems
cut for tomorrow I'm going to have a
meeting with the communication staff and
say hey I don't like these leaks and so
we're going to stop the leaks and if we
don't stop the leaks I'm going to stop
you which is really that simply so then
he that was yesterday so now he
implemented the program today
got to be the most fun administration
ever I predict on the mooch moves he
made a speech today where he just talked
about how wonderful Trump was and how he
could but what did he say he throw
perfect spiral with a football to retire
it's really funny but that's what i want
my president I want to throw a perfect
spiral through a time but I really like
this guy I think he's going to be every
bit as entertaining as Sean Spicer and
that is the thing I am here to be
entertained that's what is I want in
this administration all right let's
bring on Noel's null so you're there oh
my god hey I cannot believe hey hey I
know Michael it's good to see you I'm in
New York are you a New Yorker I'm glad
you don't mess with me alright because I
slap you upside the head you got to see
what I did to Ben to get this studio
ready
broadcasting live from the intro shows
did ya
we'll find a minute like a bucket of
line so I feel like I just saw you ten
minutes ago we had dinner last night
would be absolutely beautiful and
charming and intelligent and Coulter my
heart palpitations have finally quieted
down enough so that I go my gosh keep
eating out of my chest I know she is so
nice you're the funny the funny thing
about Anna's like she's like we're the
nicest she's just a charming lovely
persons that's when I tell people that
they say oh well then the whole thing on
TV must be an act I think like what is
she she's not mean on TV she's just a
conservative she's a conservative she is
extremely charming and she's extremely
entertaining yeah there was that good
dinner with her and having met her
before
well she says she might come on the show
so hopefully hopefully should come on
later this week while she's in LA so I
asked you to look at jay-z before you
say I'm gonna I'm gonna stand back and
let you talk in just a minute I just
want to say this one thing I know
nothing about jay-z I mean everything I
know about jay-z I learned from Miley
Cyrus song she has read she says jay-z
song cause the only thing I know about
you and the reason I don't know anything
about lazy
I mean I think in most of the arts my my
critical facility is still pretty
cutting edge I mean I love new things I
participated in a lot of new things I
participated in a lot of new technology
I hate this music and you know I was
thinking about this over the weekend
another for another reason if you had
lived from ancient Greece to if you had
lived in the centers of Western
civilization from ancient Greece to say
1900 inland you know Europe you would
never have heard music so loud that you
couldn't hold a conversation or music
that was you know drowned you out or
music that made you bounce around like
you were some kind of like primitive and
the fact that we listened to this music
that we have devolved of listening to
music that just does not contribute to
the beauty of life does not contribute
to the serenity of the soul does not add
anything to their depth of information I
think it's just a sign of decadence I
think this stuff this right rock is bad
mouth and I know that I sound like an
old curmudgeon but I this on this one
thing I really do not think the arts of
advanced but rap to me is just trashed
and having said that you can now say
anything you want about jay-z if you
like him go ahead but he brought up his
new album which is making a lot of a big
splash first I'll say I am wonder Mike
and I've come to say hello to the black
and the brown the white and the purple
and yellow this is not a test I'm
representing I agree with you I try as
the I think the Ann Coulter dinner was
my gift for getting through listening to
this stupid album I don't like rap as a
genre agree with you I I just don't
think it's a good Sean Ray I know that's
a sweeping statement but I don't think
it contributes very much to the world or
to my sense of aesthetics or beauty or
truth or anything like that that all
said in its first week at this this
album has made in insane strides a lot
of people are saying it's gonna be the
album of the year puff diggity Doo dad
or whoever says that it's the best album
jay-z ever made and we're streaming to
the helm the album is called 444 okay I
looked at it I wonder what
that means you know that JC JC says that
he got the name because he woke up in
the middle of the night at 4:44 and
started writing a song apparently that's
as deep as it goes
what's interesting because jay-z the
musician is far less impressive than
jay-z the businessman this guy I mean he
is a billionaire he he and Beyonce
together with 1.1 to 1.2 billion dollars
he explicitly released this album only
on his own streaming music service Wow
so he was a big risk because it couldn't
be considered for the the chart rankings
it couldn't be considered by Nielsen but
even in its second week it had so much
momentum behind it just from his own
service that it rose to number one in
the charts so a really impressive
business acumen the album is is deeply
confessional it's supposed to be a
response to Beyonce's lemonade album
that came out yes last year when I
talked about his infidelity is it
alluded to them do we have a clip
there's a little promo that he's been
putting out of the album do we have that
this is like everybody wants to be
needed on some level I feel like women
often feel like you're a man and they're
just like okay so does that mean we
don't have emotions you know people see
your family I see Instagram picture that
you smiling and happy and stuff all the
time don't think you got real issues you
know I mean I don't think you have to
sleep back-to-back like climb into bed
and you like look over there and you got
that back rolled oh that's the worst
what I thought when I met my dad oh I'm
free to love now this is the softer side
of jay-z this is not the guy who rapped
on the Black Album I got the hottest
chick in the game wearing my chain it is
a more probing piece but it's an album
of of contradictions on the one hand Jay
Z explicitly kills his ego in a song
he's fighting his ego he's fighting for
his humility the end of his career boom
the end of his career his family but on
the other hand the whole album is
navel-gazing it's all about his romantic
problems about which I'm supposed to
care for some reason and he's cheating
on Beyonce isn't that he confesses to it
any album yet pretty explicitly but but
then on the other hand so many of the
the innovative songs in this album
released the innovative lyrics are about
taking personal responsibility financial
responsibility familial responsibilities
then on the other hand he airs racial
grievance that ultimately excuses any
sort of personal responsibility in
particular in a song about the real
story of OJ Simpson which is a timely
release yeah you know the New York Times
the former newspaper actually sort of
got this right they said viewed from
different angles 444 is a long-simmering
eyes downcast confession a relaxing of
muscles that have been tense for decades
a marketing ploy intended to bolster to
second-tier businesses streaming service
title and the phone company sprint both
of those are present he's getting
plaudits from Monica Lewinsky for coming
clean about his about his infidelities
he's really flawed it's from everybody
he said quote this is my real life I
just ran into this place and we built
this big beautiful mansion of a
relationship that wasn't totally built
on the 100% truth okay tear this down
let's start from the beginning the
hardest thing I've ever done more power
to him obviously as a Knolls myself I
always like when the in-laws or our
mommy and daddy are fighting right but
listen to some of these lyrics I think
they'll explain the nice attempts of the
album and why this art form is is just
dreadful you know in the realm of ego
the
we're sewing opens up it says kill jay-z
they'll never love you you'll never be
enough let's just keep it real jay-z fjz
i mean you shot your own brother how can
we know if we can trust jay-z and you
know better n-word
I know you do but you got to do better
boy you owe it to blue his daughter you
had no father you had the armor but you
got a daughter got to get softer dye JZ
this ain't back in the days
cry jay-z we know the pain is real but
you can't heal what you never reveal
okay a vulnerable lyric but not a good
lyric not Wordsworth
yeah but vulnerable and and in that way
I suppose admirable on financial
responsibility there's a great song in
the album called legacy and it opens up
with a little girl asking daddy what's a
will you respond he says take those
money's and spread cross families my
sisters Haddie and Luth and nephews
cousins and TT Eric the rest for B
whatever she wants to do she might start
an institute generational wealth that's
the key
my parents ain't have s so that shift
started with me my mom took her money
she bought me bonds that was the
sweetest thing of all time it's a really
good message so there's there's a little
capitalism in there did that get a react
I mean that that it it did some people
called it a conservative album clearly
compared to his other material it is
it's giving an important message about
responsibility and yeah and wealth and
and finance but then here comes the
course of that same song legacy legacy
legacy black excellence you're going to
let him see legacy legacy legacy black
excellency baby let him see later on he
from the song family feud he says you
all still drink in Perry is you a ha but
we ain't get through to you yet huh
what's better than one billionaire two
especially if they're from the same hue
as you you all stop me when I stop
telling the truth there's a black
solidarity and a racial grievance that
permeates a lot of the album from the
story of OJ a one of the bigger songs
it's has a video on YouTube we can't
play it because it'll get our our own
content taken down okay because they've
been very strong on copyright he says
you want to know what's more important
than thrown away money in a strip club
credit good point you ever wonder why
Jewish people owned all the property in
America that's how they did it
financial freedom is my only hope if
live in rich and died in broke I can't
wait to give this s to my children
you'll think it's bougie I'm like it's
fine
all a great message in blue hue meaning
booge buh-booge wha yes coming from
Bourjois but then then we get to the
chorus light N word dark N word fo N
word real N word rich N word poor N word
house and word filled in word still in
word still N word huh jay-z yeah maybe
many things yeah mediocre lyricist
impressive businessman but he is no
n-word no I mean if that's if that if
that is in word like sign me up
billionaire yeah that's like in the
billionaire he's exceeded beyond anyone
even even in his own industry but but
certainly he's made over a billion
dollars of wealth and he's one of the
most prominent artists of our time which
says quite a lot about ours in our time
yeah all right well thank you very much
for doing that so I didn't have to when
does your show so you pushed it though
we gray we had to push it a week because
I'm still recovering from listening to
jay-z thank you for that but will be it
will be beginning very soon very soon ER
even than you think okay and I would
like to say before we I would like to
thank J you know just from my heart yet
we're apologizing to - cousin day we're
doing it totally the music's a little
better next time it's nice to know the
noses stick together we got that right
thanks a lot
and uh sealer hahaha - bye I couldn't
contribute to that because I just don't
cannot listen to that music I will say
this though about about a black guy you
know prominent black guy saying that
even if he's doing it through
victimology saying that success is the
best revenge because I think that that
is what has motivated a lot of people
from the Irish and the Italians of the
Jews today you know like yeah you can
pick on me now but I'm going to build up
my well if I'm going to do the job I'm
going to work hard I'm going to get to
college I'm going to you know build a
business and
make it and that really has been the way
forward and there I have to say there
was one thing I have never understood as
a man you know I'm not a big I kind of
believe race is a superstition I mean I
believe in culture but race to me I
doubt there's enough genetic difference
between a black person or white person
and a yellow person to make any real
difference they couldn't be dispelled by
culture within a generation I think
there are two kinds of people men and
women I think those are the two kinds of
people those are the two people who are
the two thousand people that are
different from one another I think a
black man and a white man have as much
in common so much more in common than
any man and what basically basically and
but I've never been able to understand
is the Democrats sell black men this
helplessness and this poor little you
you're also picked on you can't do it
without the government but we'll help
you you know I know you can't you can't
even run a bank remember the remember
was a maxing water she said they can't
open a bank account oh the government
has to help that anybody said that to me
I would stick my fist so far down his
throat he would be sitting on it I mean
that I do not understand why they buy
that message where is the message from a
guy it's white people who attack a guy
like jay-z when he says make a lot of
money they say oh no no no you don't
want to do that you want to be helpless
and victim you know you can't you can't
succeed until people stop hating you
people never stop eating it'll always be
someone who hates you they'll always be
a grievance you'll always be a victim of
something but if you get ahead you
become a billionaire it's a lot more fun
to be you know hated and the victim I
just never understood why black males
buying to that you know that you need to
be taken care of by the government that
would just like go right up my my spine
I would I would hate it all right stuff
I like I'm gonna you know I'm gonna
review Dunkirk I know a lot of people
love this film Christopher Nolan's new
film about I mean this was one of the
you know when I lived in England they
used to joke about this all the time
because they used to say you know they
would never win in athletics they would
never win at Wimbledon there we never
win at soccer you know which they call
football they would never win it you
know rugby or anything and they would
say well it's the Dunkirk spirit we lose
but we lose truthfully
and Dunkirk is one of the great losses
you know was a military disaster the
British forces and the French forces
were pushed to the sea by the Germans
the Germans held off wiping they could
have just moved in and wiped them out
but they didn't and in an absolute
military miracle I mean this is just
history and I might give you you know if
this is if this for you is a spoiler
turned me off now because I will tell
you what happened in in history but in
one of the great military miracles of
history like every British guy with a
boat which was everybody on the coast
God and their boats sailed across with
the RAF protecting them in the air and
brought back hundreds of thousands of
soldiers and saved the war basically
saved the war so this is an amazing
amazing story people love this film and
I I thought it was a good movie it was
first of all it's under two hours which
I think every movie was under two hours
is better than every other movie that is
longer its immersive the action did you
see it awesome I mean people people
loved it and it's just it's immersive
it's beautifully shot it's wonderfully
acted it is it is very much like it's
exciting and it guessing about there's
not one human relationship in the entire
movie not one I mean there's one of
these two kids who kind of have a
relationship there is no morning there
is no memory there is nothing that
relates anything to anybody but just
trying to survive in this battle which
isn't actually realistic I mean even
when you're trying to survive you are
thinking about human relations and there
there is something about Christopher
Nolan who is so talented and so
brilliant that has made a couple of
films that I really liked I loved the
one about the guy who loses his memory
what's that who's the at memento and I
love the dark night film and all that
and I love the fact that he's obviously
a conservative one of the things I liked
about Dunkirk is that it is an openly
patriotic film although they never
mentioned it starts out with a thing
that says the enemy has pushed the
troops to the scene you think the enemy
would be the Germans would be animated a
name but he doesn't do any of that but
it is an openly patriotic and openly Pro
Western film and it
and I like that so it's a good movie
it's a good movie but it is kept from
being a great movie by a problem Nolan
has with his stare I'll approach to
humanity I mean he does not he has not
yet learned to tell a story about the
way people feel about each other and
that's what stories are about I mean
stories are not just about this guy did
this but you know what this was was like
a dramatized documentary the dramatized
documentary so well dramatized so anyway
if you want to see well since we're
talking about stuff I like I think I've
recommended this once before but it's
worth saying again if you want to see a
really fine film about war take a look
at the dawn patrol 1938 this is it's
Basil Rathbone David Niven and Errol
Flynn Errol Flynn is the big star of
this it was written by a guy who was an
American writer John Saunders who said
to the fact that he couldn't get into
combat as a flier with the US Air Force
so he wrote about this and what I've
always loved about this film is it's
it's big it's almost a comedy about the
fact this is World War one people flying
in World War one and it fires in World
War one like we just get shot out of the
sky constantly and they're just
constantly being killed and they sing a
song in this movie hurrah for the next
man who dies and everything is a joke
they just turn everything into a joke
and it works in kind of a reflective way
that because these guys are always
drinking and always kidding around
you start to realize they're going to
die they're on death's edge all the time
and here's a scene where David Niven as
a flyer has been shot down and somehow
he makes his way back behind from behind
enemy lines he makes his way back to the
tavern where Errol Flynn greets him and
they're all drinking and getting drunk
but what he doesn't realize is the guy
who shot him down the German who shot
him down is being held prisoner in this
cavern and has been allowed to get
completely smashed they glove them these
are they're being friendly
they don't care you know it's not about
it's not personal and it's just it's a
great depiction of men in war living for
the moment and it really is intense
there's a brief scene of that Tavern
scene unexpected that affording some
random I thought you should have a
number that Rob here didn't have
a couple of jobs and I stopped for some
refreshment on the way back and I bought
these oh come on opening what's that oh
that's the man that brought your dad who
introduced them well effect doctor the
Hadean d happen to be black top
they don't ever cover yeah yeah oh oh
let me I gotta go okay er there's and
it's very good person to do this fine
what'd he say
and I don't know right you just want
them to have a drink Oh drinks haha
thanks ba-bing oh great
don't waste it on so that's it's good
it's just the drinking and the fire and
it's all like so much fun
except it's all about death the whole
movies about that it's really good and
great flying footage some of the best
flying footage ever dawn patrol tomorrow
we have Kerry Lucas on who you may not
have heard of but she is a woman who
runs the independent woman's voice which
is trying to fight back against take
care of me feminism by teaching women
about the value of Liberty and free
markets so that should be an interesting
conversation I will be here as well so
that'll be a little less interesting but
but I'll do my best
I'm Andrew Clavin this is the Andrew
Clavin show we will see you then
