as everyone knows it's very bad to
engage in what about ISM
what about ISM is when your enemy
accuses you of doing something immoral
and you respond by saying well what
about that time you did something even
worse this is very wrong for instance
when the news media reports some scandal
about Donald Trump and Russia I don't
want to resort to what about ISM and
point out that there's a double standard
in the press geared toward hobbling
Republicans and empowering Democrats so
that only leftist policies will be put
in place and the country will be
transformed into a socialist monstrosity
I'm not sure why I don't want to do that
people keep saying I don't want to so I
must not want him but who knows maybe I
do want to try it find out the
Washington Post broke the story
yesterday that Donald Trump had a second
secret meeting with Vladimir Putin
during the g20 summit the meeting was
also attended by several sinister
communists including the sultry Russian
spy xenia onatopp from the James Bond
movies the ghost of Joseph Stalin and
the editors of The Washington Post no
I'm joking
Trump and Putin sat at the same dinner
table in front of a lot of other people
but according to our friends on the left
this proves beyond a shadow of a doubt
that the Trump campaign colluded to help
the Russians disturb our political
process to a diabolical plot to make
journalists hysterical over Russia stuff
they never cared about before so let's
do some what about ISM what about while
Hillary Clinton was Secretary of State
her pseudo husband bill received half a
million dollars for a speech he gave in
Moscow and was paid by a company with
ties to Russian intelligence what about
the Clinton Foundation receiving
something like a million and a half
bucks from cronies and Vladimir Putin
and that some of those payments may have
been connected to Hillary Clinton's
decision to sign off on a deal that
transferred some twenty percent of our
uranium into Putin's hands
what about Hillary's campaign manager
John Podesta failing to disclose his
interesting drool unlimited and energy
company financed by the Kremlin and of
course what about President Obama
getting caught on a hot mic offering to
weaken America's missile defense systems
in places Putin wanted to intimidate and
possibly conquer and what about the fact
that Russia is financing many Democrats
supported environmental groups whose
purpose is to weaken American energy
production sort of protect Russian
petrol dollars Putin's main source of
income and what about the fact that
after eight years of Obama appeasing
Russia on every front President Trump
has confronted Putin by freeing up our
energy development and attacking
Russia's allies in Syria now none of
this is meant in any way to excuse any
actions by Donald Trump or his
associates because that would be what
about ISM which is wrong I forget why
I'm sure there's a reason and maybe not
trigger warning
I'm Andrew Klavan and this is the Andrew
Clavin show
