so the first thing that I hate today is
this insane piece by some crazy person
named Jodi Allard she's apparently a
feminist blogger first of all all
feminist bloggers are I don't mean to
generalize but they're all crazy so she
actually has a piece today called the
title of it is I'm done pretending men
are safe even my sons really and the
entire thing is about how her sons are
potential rapists she says I have two
sons they're strong and compassionate
the kind of boys other parents are glad
to meet when their daughters bring them
home for dinner they're good boys in the
ways good boys are but they are not safe
boys I'm starting to believe there's no
such thing she is talking about her own
children being potential rapists because
of rape culture so I wrote an essay in
the Washington Post last year during the
height of the brock turner case about my
son's in rape culture I didn't think it
would be controversial when I wrote it I
was sure most parents grappled with
raising sons in the midst of rape
culture well no actually it turns out
that the vast majority of us who grow up
as boys in households that have good
parents we're not part of a rape culture
because we are taught at a very early
age that you're not supposed to rape
people right that rape is a bad thing I
thought this was pretty clear rule of
Western civilization with the past
thousand years or so cause I didn't
think it would be controversial when I
wrote it
the struggle I wrote about was universal
I thought but I was wrong my essay went
semi viral and for the first time my
son's encountered my words about them on
their friends phones their teachers
computers and even overheard them and
discuss my strangers on a crowded Metro
bus right because when you say your
son's are potential rapists that might
have some bad ramifications they're your
kids you stupid idiot and then she says
it was one thing to agree to be written
about in relative obscurity and quite
another to have my words intrude on
their daily lives by the way this is the
same lady who wrote a column about how
one of her sons was apparently suicidal
with a mother like this and she and she
says one of my son's is suicidal so we
sat down and watched 13 reasons why are
you the stupidest person on planet earth
okay have you ever seen 13 reasons why
like half the show is dedicated to why
suicide is a choice that is driven by
outside forces it's not really in your
hands in any place she says one of my
son's was hurt by Moe Wordsworth though
he's never told me so he doesn't
understand why I lumped him and his
brother together in my essay he sees
himself as the good one the one who's
sensitive and thoughtful and who listens
instead of reacts he doesn't understand
that even quiet misogyny is misogyny and
not all sexist sound like Twitter trolls
so he seems like a nice kid but she's
calling him a sexist and rapist he's
angry at me now
he won't admit that either and his anger
led him to conservative websites and
YouTube channels okay if the son of Jodi
Allard is watching this right now please
write me an email I would be happy to
have you intern with us here over at the
Daily wire I think that you deserve
better than what your mother has
provided to you a label as a potential
rapist I don't think you're a rapist I
don't think you're a potential rapist
you seem like a nice person
your mother however seems like she is a
harridan she says I Teeter frequently
between supporting my son and educating
him is it my job as his mother to ensure
he feels safe emotionally no matter what
violence he spews can she give an
example that the violence that her son
is spewing is he coming home and going
very pretty pretty clear break like what
what exactly is he doing is he coming
home and he's just saying I saw a girl
on the bus today you know what I thought
I found her rape I'm pretty sure that's
not what happened but when you're a
crazy person then this is what happened
then she started talking about her
dating life okay why don't feminists
always feel the need to talk about their
dating life like anybody cares does they
join bumble recently and after a six
plus year break from dating I'm not
overly interested in dating in the first
place but I'm starved for adult
conversation so dating feels like a
necessary evil well no there's some of
us who have friends I mean you could do
that
it's just bumble as I explained to my
married friends it's like feminist
tinder women have to initiate contact
with men so there's no inbox full of
bleep pics every day but feminists are
not the men are no different from the
men anywhere else and I felt I quickly
felt deflated all men are email okay I
have a general recommendation if you
believe that all men or all women are
crazy that everybody's terrible maybe
it's just you maybe it's just you if
every relationship you've ever had is
going bad maybe it's not because all the
people you know are terrible maybe you
suck as a human okay and I'm gonna go
with that on this one she says my son's
won't rape unconscious woman behind a
dumpster and either when most of the
progressive men I know but what all of
these men share in common even my son's
is a relentless questioning and
disbelief of the female experience I
didn't realize the common female
experiences to be raped while
unconscious behind a dumpster I know a
few females and I don't know any of them
who've been raped while unconscious
behind a dumpster at least none have
told me about it and if they didn't tell
me about that I would say can we find
the person and hunt them down like
that'd be my first reaction can we tell
the police and if not is there a way
that we can kill this person and get
away with it like that seems like the
the best pasta like is that not feminist
enough do that anymore that said I do
not want to prove my pain or provide
enough evidence to convince anyone that
my trauma is merited
okay if you accuse someone of rape you
might have to provide evidence of actual
rape you shouldn't just be able to
accuse anyone of any crime totally
insane totally insane Child Protective
Services needs to show up like right now
at this lady's door thank God it sounds
like her sons are getting old enough
that they get to leave home leave now
leave now okay I will try to find a way
to put you up in your own apartment
seriously okay you deserve to get out of
there right now Jodie Allard's children
my god
