Nancy Pelosi's Democrat leadership
position in the house may be in trouble
after a series of Democrat losses in
special congressional races there have
been subtle signs of dissatisfaction
with Pelosi for instance a subtle mob
carrying torches gathered subtly outside
the Capitol yesterday subtly screaming
give us the monster they then chased
Pelosi to an old windmill and set it on
fire
trapping Pelosi in the flaming structure
as it collapsed Pelosi was later found
frozen beneath the wreckage and brought
back to life by the humpback dwarf Igor
in the sequel entitled Pelosi meets the
wolf man Pelosi has been in the top
Democrats house spot since 2003 during
that time Democrats have lost their
majority their credibility their values
and the respect of every single human
being who doesn't work for CNN but
Pelosi supporter Adam Schiff says quote
Democrats will never abandon something
simply because it isn't working our
policies have destroyed black
communities undermine decent values
admired women and a victim mentality
that has ruined their lives and yet we
haven't changed any of them Pelosi's
leadership is in keeping with that great
tradition unquote ship then went home to
watch the old James Bond film From
Russia With Love looking for evidence
that Donald Trump was involved with
deadly Soviet agent Rosa Klebb Pelosi
herself has been defiant in the face of
Democrat calls she'd be removed from
leadership then tarred and feathered
then tossed into the Potomac and pelted
with rotten fruit until she washed up on
shore then flogged out of the city
Pelosi points to the fact that she has
been an excellent fundraiser who
recently channeled more than 30 million
dollars into winning Georgia's six
district the 30 million dollars could
not be reached for comment because it
had sprouted wings and flown away than
set itself on fire then settled into a
pile of ash
then blown off into nothingness leaving
Georgia six districts still in the hands
of Republicans all the same when asked
if she was in trouble miss Pelosi said
no I'm in Denver when told she was in
Washington she said oh then I'm in
trouble
in a statement to reporters mrs. Pelosi
went on to defend her leadership saying
quote people say that the voters don't
support my extreme left-wing positions
but who are these voters and why should
they have a say on who gets to serve in
Congress after all many of them don't
even support abortion and if they were
given their way millions of children
would still be alive today and might
then grow up to
pose abortion as well we can't let that
happen unquote after her statement
missus Pelosi waved to a cement mixer
which she mistook for a crowd of
supporters then jumped into a car and
drove away until the owner of the car
managed to stop her at the next corner
meanwhile Republican Speaker of the
House Paul Ryan issued a statement on
the matter saying quote please don't get
rid of Nancy Phillip whiskey please
please please with sugar on top please
please I'll be your best friend
please please please unquote trigger
warning I'm Andrew Clavin and this is
the Andrew Clavin show just to give you
a lift
there's a ring we also sing season so
wonderful all right here we are the last
day before the long long long Clavin
this weekend a really dark abyss of
nothingness for it we won't be back to
Wednesday I think right because July 4th
is Tuesday yeah so we won't be back to
Wednesday which means I don't know if
you want to get in your mailbag
questions if you're a subscriber you can
get in your mailbag questions and we'll
do the mailbag on Wednesday if you don't
we won't but you can get them in if you
subscribe to the daily wire.com if not
you can watch on facebook and youtube
for 15 minutes and then you will be cast
out into the exterior darkness where
there will be great wailing and gnashing
of teeth but if you subscribe you can be
in the mailbag it's only an 8 lousy
bucks a month and it goes up to like 10
it goes up to I think $30,000 a month
after that but for now it's only a lousy
eight bucks a month and if you subscribe
for a year you get been Shapiro's and
david Shapiro's book the white sox
I'd say it's so about the last White Sox
White Sox championship season ever which
was 2005 meanwhile I know you're all
thinking the same thing why does this
guy look so fantastic how come he that
look at the way he dresses it's so
brilliant and the answer is I don't
choose my own clothes either my wife
picks them out or I go at you know I
hired somebody actually hired one of
those personal shoppers and it was like
being a cutout doll you know and you
stand there and I listen the thing is
all that is expensive you don't have to
do it you can just go to the 5/4 club
because the 5/4 club is will help men
dress will help you dress for a low low
price okay what it does look it doesn't
have to cost a fortune what you do is
you go on five four club.com
and they will send you a curated box at
two to three items that are hand-picked
to match the current season and your
style you answer a questionnaire let
them know how you want to look you know
you can go on the site I shouldn't have
to sell it to go on the site look at the
clothes you'll see they're really nice
they've been helping men with fashion
for over 15 years and they have shipped
to over a hundred thousand a ship now to
over a hundred thousand men every month
they know what they're doing so if you
don't that's okay
and if you're male you probably don't
five-four Club will help you build your
wardrobe one month at a time and when
you look good
obviously you feel good this is why I'm
so happy because I look like this that's
that's the thing it you will get a
hundred and twenty bucks worth of
clothes for just 60 bucks bucks a month
and you can cancel anytime no
commitments if you pay into the club you
get special offers like 50% off items on
there online and the price that goes
into the club which i think is like five
bucks is not very much but that piles up
and goes against the price of the
clothes so it's not just thrown away
here's what you do you go to five four
club calm right now and enter the promo
code Clavin que la v as in Victor aan
and they will give you 50% off your
first month's package plus a free pair
of sunglasses which is much better
they're offering I think ten twenty
percent for everybody else but if you
put in Clavin five for club comm and you
put in the promo code cub clay promo
code Clavin you will get 50 percent off
your first package after five for club
it spelled five-0 you are club.com put
in promo code Clavin promo code Clavin
to get five percent of 50 percent off
boy I tell you I look great but I can't
talk worth a damn alright you know so
all week long the big story this week I
mean it really has been the big story
the big story has been the press the
media it is in free fall it is swirling
down the drain
and CNN especially has just been is
they've been the symbol of fake news so
so we're going to start off the show
today with my new Prager University
video preview video what is fake news
take a look you've probably heard a lot
of people recently screaming and yelling
about fake news charges fly from all
points on the political spectrum this
story is mistaken it's fake news that
statement is incorrect it's fake news
but to my mind these arguments miss the
point mainstream American news is all
fake because the major news outlets are
so consistently biased toward the left
there whether any given story they
report is factual or not their overall
reportage is essentially leftist
propaganda you can complain about the
right-wing slant of Fox News all you
want but left-wing ABC CBS NBC MSNBC and
CNN have combined almost 10 times the
viewers look the chief journalist at ABC
is former Clinton operative George
Stephanopoulos the president of CBS News
is David Rhodes the brother of a former
senior Obama staffer Comcast which owns
NBC is run by a major Democrat donor
saying for the leadership at CBS and
Time Warner which owns CNN only 7% of
American journalists identify as
Republican and while a lot of news
outlets forbid their reporters to donate
to candidates 96% of those who did
donate last time out gave to Hillary
Clinton these journalists claimed that
despite the fact they're all Democrats
they can be objective
it's just saying so psychologists have
shown that when people associate almost
exclusively with those who agree with
them they suffer from groupthink and
confirmation bias and lose their ability
to see events clearly now it's not that
these journalists are liars
exactly it's that their bias cues their
reporting in very specific ways let me
give you Andrew Clayton's three rules of
mainstream media journalism these can
transform any story whether it's true or
not into fake news
rule number one whenever left-wing
prejudices are confirmed by a single
event
that event is treated as representative
but whenever left-wing prejudices are
contradicted by a single event that
event is treated as an isolated incident
and if you treat it as representative
you are deemed to be hateful so for
instance a white cop shoots a black
suspect the mainstream media treats that
story as representative of general
police racism even though studies show
cops don't use deadly force more often
on blacks than on whites on the other
hand if a Muslim commits an act of
terrorism and someone is bold enough to
point out that the terrorist act is in
fact representative of the daily acts of
Muslim terror around the world this is
considered Islamophobic the leftist
media cherry-picks when an event
illustrates a larger narrative that's
fake news rule number two when a scandal
breaks on the right the news is the
scandal when a scandal breaks on the
left the news is who wrongfully disclose
that scandalous information thus when
the media wanted to raise suspicions
that Donald Trump was somehow in league
with the Russians they freely quoted
illegally leaked information from
intelligence sources but when
congressman Devin Nunez announced yet
information that the Obama
administration might have misused
intelligence against Donald Trump's
transition team the story became how did
mooniz get that information and did he
do it legally
the scandal meter is heavily weighted to
fall to the right fake news rule number
three individual extremists on the right
are highlighted but the overall
extremism of the left is ignored in one
of the fakest fake news stories in
recent history the mainstream media rose
up as one to tar conservative Tea Party
members as racist when all they really
wanted were lower taxes and less
government spending
reporters gave the Tea Party disparaging
nicknames represented they're almost
universally peaceful gatherings as ugly
and violent and whenever an individual
tea partier said something wrong it was
cited as evidence that the movement
itself was tainted
meanwhile the continually violent
vandalizing anti-semitic socialist
movement that went by the name of Occupy
Wall Street was hailed by journalists as
an important social development right up
to the moment it vanished without a
trace
except for the piles of litter its
protesters left behind peaceful Tea
Partiers wanted the small government
prescribed by the Constitution so they
were radicals violent occupiers wanted
the widespread government intrusion of
socialism so they were heroes very fake
news
Newsweek editor Evan Thomas was once
criticized when his magazine essentially
convicted some white Duke University
lacrosse players of raping a black woman
a rape it turns out they did not commit
because it didn't happen
Thomas defended himself saying the
narrative was right but the facts were
wrong the mainstream media almost always
get their left-wing narrative right
whether the facts support it or not
that's called confirming your own
prejudices it's called bias it's called
fake news I'm Andrew Clavin for Prager
University that was really good that's
the first time I've seen then that guy's
brilliant who is oh that's me ah this
place you know it's a this is a good
time to remember by the way that fake
news was a media invention the phrase
came from the media didn't come from
Donald Trump it came from the media
attacking sites like Breitbart which
were openly pro Trump it wasn't they
weren't trying to be fair it and it blew
back in their face just like this Russia
scandal is blowing back in the face of
the Democrats and if you want to see I
mean so all week long we've been
covering project Veritas and James
O'Keefe got some undercover stuff where
the CNN people at CNN were saying that
this Russia story that they have been
pushing and pushing and pushing
unbelievably for every month is of the
let's see January February March April
May June that's six months the first six
months of the Trump presidency and it's
all a fraud I told you I mean of course
you come to the show which is where the
future comes to announce itself I told
you months ago that this thing was a
fraud
now they've caught Van Jones one of the
lefty estuve leftist commentators on CNN
project Veritas caught him in this
little clip
what what do you thinks gonna happen to
me the power Russia thing thing is it's
a big nothing boat really that's just
nothing burger every walks off the air
noise is all they've been talking about
all they have been talking about so you
know and as I keep saying it's not just
about these stories that are untrue and
as that video points out it is about the
entire all the assumptions of the left
the way they're talking about this you
know this health care bill the way the
ideas they have the that it's somehow
the assumption that if you're the
government isn't giving it to you you
aren't going to get it that there that
it's better to redistribute wealth and
create wealth if we let the free market
take care of health its prices would
drop just like the prices of television
drops the day the day that left us to
declare that television is a right the
price of TVs will never drop and if you
think this isn't getting to the people
on CNN I got to play this one clip
because it's just hilarious this is
Chris Chris Cuomo the dopiest man on TV
except for Don Lemon who is the dopiest
man on TV except for Chris Cuomo he's
interviewing Ron Johnson because is the
son the set of is they are rewriting the
health care bill right they're supposed
to rewrite it by tomorrow so they can
consider it over the long weekend come
back and vote for the bill so judge miss
describing to Chris Cuomo who looks like
he's never heard this the look on his
face if you care if you're not watching
it's like he's never heard this idea
before he's describing why a free market
solution might be better and Cuomo blows
up about the fake news thing which has
nothing to do with anything it's
hilarious take a look
get rid of all the market reforms give
Americans the freedom and insurance
companies to design products with people
going to Ford that suit their needs and
we won't be spending so much money on
subsidies and people will have in terms
of net effect in terms of premiums they
won't be hard but total things don't
need information and the debate on this
thing has been completely distorted
using incorrect information well two
things about that first of all one thing
I know you're not suggesting that I'm
using misleading information right you
know you know you let me know what I'm
saying that not accurate this whole
thing needs and and it needs to end
right now just tell me what I'm getting
wrong or we'll deal with the number I'm
not gonna never find out
I'm not accusing you I'm talking about
the fact people don't understand the 22
million and there was a wrong baseline
and then the way the premiums are
reported you have to really understand
the way economists take a look at this
and what's really happened no I I love
it it's like well if you can just see as
Johnson's talking Cuomo in his mind is
going on a date keep calling me frankly
and Cuomo is one of the fakest of fake
news I mean is this far left you know in
a it's another guy it's another guy who
you just if I wanted to build a news
agency if you said to me Clavin building
news agency the first thing I would do
the very first thing I would do is hire
people from both sides I wouldn't hire a
Cuomo one of the big leftist dynasties I
wouldn't hire you know George
snuffleupagus whatever his name is you
know it's ridiculous it's ridiculous
they're so corrupt that they are a daesh
ously corrupt you hit a level of
corruption and its intellectual
corruption it's not necessarily money
corruption which they hit a level of
corruption where you your corruption the
openness of it becomes a kind of brag
I'm so corrupt and I'm so powerful that
I don't have to give anything to anybody
I want to pause here for just a second
because I keep saying that I think the
Republicans should pass this bill even
though it does not repeal Obamacare and
I don't think they can find their way to
repealing Obamacare I wish they could if
I thought there was a path forward to
that outcome I would be for it but I
don't think they can and as I keep
saying Donald Trump is too unreliable as
a conservative to for us to allow for us
to lose the house and for us to lose
support you know Dan Henninger in the
Wall Street Journal today wrote this
piece called cultured Trump abandon the
GOP here's what he says he says in 2016
Donald Trump stood on debate stages and
ran against a half-dozen Republicans in
the party's presidential primaries he
won with his presidential victory came
Republican control of the House and
Senate in part because of his coattails
after Senate Republicans this week
failed to move a bill to repeal and
replace Obamacare mr. Trump must be
asking himself why do I need these
people most intriguing of all is the
longer-term future of mr. Trump's formal
relationship with the Republican Party
after voters in 2018 reorder Congress
mr. Trump can consolidate his base with
a big emphasis
structure bill co-designed by democrats
and likely approved by independent
voters by then the republican opposition
that tanked obama care reform will be
irrelevant and please hold the Fauchon
when mr. trump a non-ideological
pragmatist entertains chuck schumer's
Medicare for all as the final health
care fix in mr. Trump's world
subcontractors come and go
the GOP shouldn't bother trying to
collect for work done this disorder
could surface the possibility that dare
not speak his name until now a more
centrist trumpian political party of the
sort favored by Ivanka and that is what
I think conservatives should be trying
to avoid so you take the hit and you
move the agenda forward keep Trump in
the Republican camp because there's one
you know Trump knows he doesn't have any
friends they asked him they asked him at
a meeting if he was going to negotiate
with Chuck Schumer here was his response
or says he's a long one wonder standard
and in the call care you could be
willing to go shave with all them I'm
going to find out if he's serious he
hasn't been serious Obamacare is such a
disaster such a wreck and he wants to
try and save something that's really
hurting a lot of people it's hurting a
lot of people you have to be very very
serious and I said a lot of talking bad
talking and
and just doesn't seem like a serious
station that is good Trump trolling
Chuck Schumer but we did have some bad
Funt this morning I'll talk about that
in a minute but we got to say goodbye to
Facebook and YouTube come to the Daily
wire calm to hear the rest of the show
or subscribe for a lousy eight bucks a
month which will go up in on July 10 so
subscribe now for a lousy eight bucks a
month and you can watch the whole thing
on the site you know have to bounce
around plus you can be in the mailbag
which is Wednesday the next time we will
be on the air
