in the wake of a project Veritas
undercover video that proves CNN is a
dishonest biased intellectually bankrupt
den of anti-american wires which
shriveled souls that look like the
desiccated polyps cursed by the sea
witch Ursula in Disney's The Little
Mermaid CNN is responded by issuing a
statement saying quote we are not
covering this story on air and therefore
it doesn't exist sort of like the
corruption in the Obama administration
unquote privately CNN protested strongly
against the videos saying they had
unfairly shown the news network to be
purveyors of false news and had thus
interrupted CNN in their important work
of firing journalists who had gotten
caught reporting stories that weren't
true
fortunately CNN says their newsroom is
still well staffed as many of their
reporters have not yet been caught at
the same time CNN released a new poll
showing that 90% of Americans believe
every story that CNN reports and 97% say
CNN is the best station ever in the
whole wide world and 103 percent says
say that anyone who doesn't like CNN is
a stinky poopoo head especially if these
President of the United States and is
mean ugly the poll goes on to predict
the Democrats will win every election
from now on and then everyone's health
care will be free and no one will die
also the poll shows 87 percent of
Americans say that anyone who doesn't
believe CNN polls is a danger to the
First Amendment or whichever Amendment
has the whole press thing in it
meanwhile CNN quote reporter unquote Jim
Acosta is very angry because Sean Spicer
has stopped allowing cameras during the
daily press briefing
in a furious on-air rant Acosta said
quote freedom of the press will not
survive if I can't grandstand on camera
by shouting obnoxious yet meaningless
questions that I can then play on air to
make it seem like I'm a courageous
journalist instead of just kind of a
loudmouth d-bag unquote by shouting on
camera rather than actually reporting
Acosta said he was trying to be like his
hero dan Rather the revered father of
the fake news industry in truth this
hasn't been the best time for CNN the
crappy news network was forced to fire
Kathy Griffin after she posed with
effect simile of Donald Trump severed
head they then had to fire Riza Islam
after he posted foul-mouthed tweets
about Trump they then had to fire three
reporters for publishing a false anti
Trump story they then had to admit that
every story they had run since Trump was
elected had been completely made up and
then the entire staff had to stand in a
circle and fire one another until the
place was empty
finally CEO Jeff Zucker had to sever his
own head and punch it in the face while
screaming why did you ever leave NBC
where you were allowed to just make
stuff up all in all the cable station
has managed to live up to its slogan the
most busted name in news and maybe I
heard that slogan wrong trigger warning
I'm Andrew Clavin and this is the Andrew
Clavin show
