so the liberal centers that are that are
say well the only reason why all the
conservatives are circling the wagon
around Kavanagh is because they want
them on the Supreme Court
no that's actually not the reason the
reason why conservatives are are now
they do want them on the Supreme Court
and there is quite a lot at stake here
the lives of children are literally at
stake here but so we do want them on the
Supreme Court but the reason why we're
circling wagons around them is because
we think these charges are bogus and
trumped-up and we think this whole thing
is a coordinated smear campaign because
that's the reason we're circling the
wagons but many conservatives came out
against Roy Moore no matter how you felt
about that the fact is many
conservatives came out against them even
though that was a very important race
for good service many conservatives came
out against their own presidential
nominee a month before the election
after the access hollywood tape surfaced
now there are also conservatives who
will circle the wagons no matter what
but the point is that there does exist a
very sizeable chunk of conservatives who
have a certain standard that they do
apply relatively evenly and fairly to
everyone that just does not exist on the
left at all there might be a few a
random few diamonds in the rough who
have some kind of something approaching
a consistent standard maybe but there is
not at all any kind of sizeable
preponderance of leftists who are
willing to apply the standard that they
set on that that are willing to take the
standard that they apply to
conservatives and apply it to their own
there they're just as there are almost
none
