in today's day and age if there's one
thing you don't want to be its racist I
know I personally like it night worrying
that I'll somehow say something or do
something that will make someone feel
well I'm not sure what because that's
when I usually drift off to sleep and
dream about a scantily clad woman who
lures me into a tremendous bowl of
liquid marshmallow and when I wake up
it's already morning and I forgot what I
was thinking about the night before but
still racism is bad so let's turn to our
friends on the left to find out some
things that are racist one thing the
left finds racist is salad in a recent
article in The New York Times a former
newspaper writer Bonnie sweet demanded
to know why is Asian salad still on the
menu
mrs. Sui wrote quote you might think
Asian salad is culturally inclusive and
yet the Asian salad is often the one
that comes with a winky Joe key name
mister mouse or secret Asian man or
oriental chop-chop
oriental chop that's a good one no sorry
mrs. Sui says it's wrong to call
something Asian as if it comes from an
entire continent instead of a specific
country and she goes on to say she is so
glad she lives such a protected
privileged American life that she can
write articles about salad instead of
having to walk more than a mile to get
fresh water as tens of millions of women
have to do in Asia and maybe she doesn't
say that last part maybe that was me
anyway another thing leftist fine racist
is asking people for picture ID before
they vote this is very racist because
whereas white people have picture ID
that they used to buy a drink or apply
for welfare or get on airplanes black
people's faces are too dark to appear in
photographs and therefore they must
always remain sober and work for a
living and they can only fly places by
flapping their arms it's just as well
because if black people had to use
picture ID to vote many Democrat voters
might cease to exist and many of those
who continue to exist would only get to
vote once it's simply not fair yet
another thing that's racist is only
gun for home safety and unhappy fat man
Michael Moore says wanting to own a gun
to protect your home and family is
racist because quote and yes this is a
real quote that imaginary person that's
going to break into your home and kill
you who does that person look like you
know it's not freckle-faced Jimmie down
the street is it unquote so if you don't
want Michael Moore to think you're
racist
next time a black man breaks into your
home the best thing to do is shoot him
and then say oh sorry I thought you were
Jimmie we should all be grateful to the
left for explaining what racism is after
all leftist hate racism almost as much
as they hate Jews trigger warning
I'm Andrew Klavan and this is the Andrew
Clavin show
all right we have a lot to talk about
before the clave endless weekend plunges
us into the darkness the exterior
darkness whether there will be great
wailing and gnashing of teeth among the
things we're going to talk about we're
gonna finish our conversation about the
beetles in a in a discussion that will
include the beetles Leo Tolstoy and
Edmund Burke now I bet you can go
through every podcast on iTunes and you
will not find one other person
discussing the Beatles the Leo Tolstoy
and Edmund Burke especially who actually
knows anything about the Beatles so you
won't you won't get to hear that if
you're on Facebook and YouTube you got
to come over to the Daily wire.com where
you can hear it but if you subscribed
here's important news actually if you
subscribe you can watch the whole show
right on The Daily wire website so you
don't have to bounce around but here's
some important news we're gonna raise
our subscription rates right now it's a
lousy eight bucks a month but on July
1st that's going up I don't know about
how much I think it's gonna be $1,000 a
week after that but the thing is we're
not raising it on people who already
have a subscription so if you have a
subscription you get to go on paying a
lousy eight bucks a month so if you want
to subscribe if you think you might
subscribe this would be a good time to
do it because as of July 1st we come to
your house and repossess your car you
know right now you can get everything
you need for a lousy eight bucks a month
plus the mail bag and if you subscribe
for a year you get say it's so by Ben
Shapiro and David Shapiro whoever they
are but it is really it's really good
book about the White Sox championship
season in 2005 so almost as we are
speaking they are unveiling the Senate
version of Obama care reform repeal
replace you know something whatever
whatever it is they're doing and you
know I'm not gonna discuss it too much
because I can basically guess what's
happening I mean I saw a couple of
headlines I'd it was really happening as
I was walking into the studio I could
read it off the computer and kind of
come up with a fast take opinion but why
should I do that I mean the one of the
reasons my opinions are always right is
because I actually think about what I'm
gonna say
and read into it a little more deeply
and take some time over but I can tell
you what it doesn't repeal it's not
they're not gonna repeal Obamacare it is
the sauerkraut sandwich that we are
going to have to eat the Conservatives
are going to have to eat to get a lot of
the good things we're getting with
Donald Trump we're getting Gorsuch we're
getting repealing a lot of these
regulations we're getting our foreign
policy brought back into a sane place
where we're the Friends of Israel where
we're helping the Saudis in their battle
against Iran this monster and Iran that
Obama helped to let loose we're getting
a lot of good things so far with Donald
Trump many many more than I thought we
were gonna get but I always knew we were
going to not get a full repeal of
Obamacare because first of all it takes
real leadership to pull back an
entitlement and second of all Trump is
not in favor of that Trump has always
been a government health care guy he's
never really backed off of that he's
always said we're gonna repeal and
replace Obamacare but he didn't mean
repeal and replace it as we
conservatives mean it which is basically
take the law set it on fire and just
make the insurance market sane and free
markets of that it's just not gonna
happen but but I think you know we are
getting a lot of things so far many more
good things with Trump than I thought we
were going to get not least of which by
the way is his driving the media insane
he has undermined the media to the point
where they have become less powerful
than they were it really is a turning
point and it's an important turning
point and it's a conservative victory
that I cannot believe more conservatives
aren't celebrating I mean I just think
what Trump has done to the media has
been a thing of beauty
it has been a thing of beauty and he was
doing this some of it last night in
Cedar Rapids anyway before we get to
talk about that we've got to talk about
texture Oh calm and I love texture calm
because for a mere $9.99 a month ten
bucks a month you can have no life
whatsoever because once you go this
thing all you are going to do is read
magazines and magazines matter they
really do especially now and it's so
hard to get information you know a lot
of the stuff we do is opinion I you know
I know the Ben does this and I do we
just go and try and get as much
information as we can
but if you want to read deeply about
stuff you got to go to the places where
they send reporters out for weeks and
weeks and bring back all this
information and then when you have
opinions it's not just the feeling you
have it's because it's based on
information so that they have over for
your Tim box and we'll give you a break
on it if you're a listener but basically
it's ten bucks and you get over 200
magazines and these are magazines from
all across the spectrum you can get
Esquire but you can also get Forbes you
can get or you can just if you want to
know more about like showbiz and
entertainment you get people
entertainment weekly Sports Illustrated
national geographic you know it's a
magazine that people make fun of but
it's got a lot of depth a lot of
information Rolling Stone I know we'll
all have some feelings about that
Bloomberg Businessweek
all these magazines for ten bucks a
month which is basically the cost of one
subscription that is a good deal and
once you start playing with this thing
I'm telling you you just you disappear
it is it's the intellectual version of
Angry Birds you know I start playing
Angry Birds and your life goes away
that's texture is the intellectual
version of this so what you want to do
is you want to go to texture comm slash
Clavin que la vie is in Victor aan
texture comm slash Clavin and you will
get 14 days two weeks for free so you
get to try it out and once you try it
out you'll see why it was selected one
of Apple's top 2016 iPad apps start your
free trial now here's what you do you go
to texture dot-com slash Clavin for a
14-day free trial 14 days for free when
you go to texture comm slash Clavin
texture dot-com slash Clavin you weren't
doing anything with your life now you
won't have to because all you will do is
play with this app I'm telling you it is
really terrific alright so back to what
we were talking about we were talking
about the healthcare thing as I say I'm
going to read it in depth we'll get back
and we'll talk about it next week right
now what I can tell you is that Chuck
Schumer is going to stand up yeah well
I'll give you Chuck Schumer's reaction
at least we'll let him have his say well
his reaction to the new the new
healthcare bill in the Senate
George why hey my wine
Thomas boy I bet you're gonna cry I see
you cry it's reliable
Trump is taken to calling him crying
Chuck crying Chuck he calls it's you
know he's gonna he they've been saying
this all along they have been saying
that they are doing nothing but
obstructing this and Trump went to Cedar
Rapids and he was trolling them about
this you know this is important because
of this election that just took place
before the I'm talking about obviously
the Georgia especially the Georgia
election where Karen Handel won despite
them throwing thirty million dollars
into this kind of pajama boy a soft guy
that they were thought was going to go
and you know why they thought they were
gonna win they thought they were gonna
win because this district is a highly
intelligent district and of course the
Democrat one thing the Democrats know is
that highly intelligent people are
Democrats and conservatives and
Republicans are stupid that is what they
know they know this for a fact that's
why they thought they could pile thirty
million bucks into this place and take
it because they were smart people they
weren't gonna vote for somebody who
might vote with Donald Trump and Donald
Trump just barely won there and they
thought well they're smart people so
we're going there and they lost Charles
Krauthammer before the election took
place had a prediction he made a
prediction let's let's play I love I
loved Charles Krauthammer and I'd love
his name he sounds like a Viking
chieftain Charles hammer of the Krauts
but here was his prediction before the
election if the Democrat wins the
headlines are going to be in referendum
on Trump Democrats would like guarantee
you if he loses their headlines we'll be
in a race that doesn't mean anything in
a special election with special
circumstances would turn out problematic
etc they'll say that of course the
Republicans won the sheet with Tom Price
by 23 points last time so what do you
expect so this is how it's going to be
play
everybody's waiting if there's a stumble
by the Republicans it'll be hiked from
here to Sunday but I really think these
special elections are very special where
are you going to pour in 25 million
dollars into a house erase it rather
insane all right so in other words if
the Republic rat won it was going to be
a Presta Prasad of the to 2018 tsunami
for the Democrats if the Republicans won
it wasn't gonna mean anything that was
it wasn't quite true it wasn't quite for
the way these things work is they don't
work immediately you know what happens
is they just stop talking about the
election a lot a lot faster I mean it's
kind of like the shooting of Steve
Scalise at the ball field and thank God
the guys getting better which was really
look like he was in trouble they're
obviously a tough guy fought his way
through seems to be on the on the mend
which is great to hear but you know this
long after Gabby Giffords the Democrat
congresswoman was shot in in Arizona
this was still the top headline on CNN
now Scalise has been relegated to
nowhere because he was shot by a Bernie
bro so you know it's not as big a story
and the same thing is happening with
this the election is going to be
important for a couple of days but but
there are some voices on the left that
are beginning to get it it's just it's
like little notes you know it's like the
the scientific revolutions take place
little anomalies first appear and then
suddenly realize oh the whole theory is
wrong in the whole thing these are the
little voices that are coming up so now
we have representative Tim Ryan of Ohio
has been going around saying you know
our brand the Democrat brand is more
toxic than Donald Trump because they
keep talking about these approval
ratings let me just stop for a minute
about these approval ratings one of the
things about this hamp karen handel
georgia election is the polls kept
telling everybody that she was going to
lose and they kept touting these because
they hoped that they would you know
swing the election they hope that it
have an effect on the election
but the thing about these polls is that
they're all they've been wrong a lot and
they've always been wrong on the same
side they have not once said they
overestimated the Republican victory not
once and that has got to tell you
something okay it has got to tell you
something you know there is no science
for predicting the future this is the
thing about climate change science
there's not even science for predicting
the future of a machine which you should
be able to predict the way predictions
work the way engineers make predictions
is you feed information in and as you
get closer and closer to the event that
you're predicting your prediction gets
better and better that's the way weather
reports work two minutes before the
rainstorm starts you have a better
chance of protecting the rain storm then
you do 10 days out when your prediction
is probably going to be off you know so
it's more information as you get closer
and closer and that is why it was so
hilarious on the night of the Trump
Hillary election to watch the
predictions of the New York Times as the
lines crossed they started out that
Hillary had a 95 percent chance of
winning and then just before Trump won
it was Trump who at the 95 percent
chance of the lines crossed that is the
way real predictions work and that is
why you don't have to take climate
change predictions very seriously at all
okay we're saying goodbye to Facebook
and YouTube but come on over to the
Daily wire to hear the rest and if you
want to watch the rest on The Daily wire
you can see the whole thing if you
subscribe and if you're gonna subscribe
do it now because the rates go up to
life first but if you subscribe now your
rates will stay the same or if you're
already subscribed your rates will stay
the same so come on over
yeah
