Oh Clavin right-wing sexual icon prince
of all that is beautiful and king of all
that is baldness Wow that that's most of
my titles many people have been
complaining the Confederate monuments
are being taken down and moved into
museums claiming that this is a race in
US history yet nobody is arguing that
the Germans should leave up Nazi art
Nazi symbols in their original places he
goes on at great length about this you
know that's a it's a fair question given
the evil of slavery but it's really not
it's not comparable you know slavery
grew up out of the the meeting the
confrontation of civilized men with
primitive men and it was it was
certainly an evil but it was not
something that was imposed on the
uncivilized by the civilized the
uncivilized people were also holding
slaves slavery had been something that
was in Civilization forever
it grew up naturally it's very easy to
see how you know good great men like
Thomas Jefferson and George Washington
might hold slaves and if not feel
comfortable with it at least feel that
it was within the realm of normal
behavior
I do not think and it's and the
Confederacy was more complex than their
slave holding it was more complex than
that one issue
it was the notion of their freedom of
their keeping their culture which you
would always I always think the left
should be should have been in favor of
that right if every culture is valid why
wasn't the culture of the south valid so
so in other words it is part of history
so a natural part of history how
wonderful how delightful it is that the
logic of American freedom got us past
slavery that is a good and great thing
and a beautiful thing about our
Constitution and the thought that went
into it that had led us away from evil
that it was impossible for us to
maintain that evil we tore ourselves
apart to come closer to our principles
and getting rid of that evil but that
evil but we shouldn't erase all of
history - we shouldn't erase all of
history just because we can't stand to
look at that one facet of our history
that would be foolish that would be
Soviet rewriting the past and I just
don't believe in that it is different to
say
that the Nazis who grew up and were the
worst manifestation of the worst part of
the European thought and lasted for a
decade and were there and were destroyed
Europe and were destroyed themselves and
destroyed everything you know is it's
another thing you don't want to forget
them but you don't want to memorialize
them it's very different the Confederacy
was much more complex than the evil of
slavery Hitler was not more complex than
the evil of Hitler and so I just don't
think the two things are comparable as
evil as I think slavery was I think the
Confederacy was far more complicated
it's a part of some of the nobility of
guys like robert e lee and people like
that can be praised and certainly as
part a very essential part of our
history
it's important and should be remembered
and shouldn't be it shouldn't be written
away we can we we're sensible enough to
we're sensible enough to remember
without going back into the worst parts
of it
