this one comes with no name mr. Clavin I
heard you on Tyler Smith's podcast and I
loved listening to you to talk about the
father quality of God I mentioned this
before this is on Tyler's podcast more
than one lesson we were talking about
fences and other movies about fathers
and what to do how you can connect to
God as a father if your own father was a
bad guy so here's the question I was
wondering as a young millennial growing
up in a household with a single mother
and in a time with this corrosive
feminism how does a male find his
masculinity
I have lacked father figures most of my
life and it seems like I have two
settings a full-on Tony Soprano
aggressive and mean or a complete beta
male that gets walked on is there a
middle ground of masculinity with a
sincere royal quality to it what are
some good books on masculine is there a
middle ground of masculinity with the
sincere heroic quality to it absolutely
absolutely and of course that is why
fathers are so important because men
learn from watching you know one of the
things about being a woman one of the
few things about being a woman is
actually easier is you kind of know what
a woman is because she has babies you
know that creates a sort of immediate
thing and you have babies and you take
care of babies and I know the feminists
get all angry saying that that's what
womanhood is that kind of nurturing
loving emotional emotionally connected
stuff top they're wrong the feminists
are wrong you know they can be as angry
as like like that is what femininity is
but what is masculinity and was what is
it in each situation is it the ability
to punch somebody in the face is the
ability to be a tough guy you know you
have to learn by watching and I believe
and I said this I believe I said this I
went on a rant on Tyler show more than
one lesson I that ice truly believed
that a lot of the stuff we're seeing in
college campuses has to do with divorce
you know people get divorced when you
when you get divorced and there are some
legitimate reasons for divorce abuse and
addiction among them I understand that
but when you get divorced you blow up a
child's planet okay you were blowing up
that child's planet when you then say to
the child you're fine you're going to be
fine or the kids are fine the kids are
alright
he's doing fun little Tommy's doing fine
he's gotten over he's got number when
you say that you stripped them their
ability to get through the trauma of
their planet blowing up you mom and dad
are the planet when you get a divorce
you blow up the planet they're not fine
they're not fine they are traumatized
okay then these kids who have never
really dealt with the trauma because
they feel bad about it because they feel
guilty about blaming mom and dad or
blaming mom or blue or blaming that for
this divorce and this terrible terrible
suffering and pain they went through
they get to college and the guys the
professor says to them oh you know what
your problem is your problem is your
oppressed your problem is that nobody
likes black people the problem is that
nobody likes gay people common is that
you live in a country that's unfair and
capitalism it's unfair they have a place
to take that anger and put it and attach
it to something and I just believe that
divorce accounts for so much of this and
it so in answer to your question and I
had this you know I I did not go through
a divorce thank God it was one of the
best things my parents gave me was their
marriage which was a very good marriage
but I didn't have a role model in my
father he and I were at daggers drawn a
lot of the time and I didn't have a role
model and in my father and I turned to
fiction and I turned to the heroes of
fiction and I would go through and kind
of think to myself almost almost
unconsciously but also sometimes
consciously what are the heroes who
represent the kind of man I want to be
and I talk about this in my memoir the
great good thing I talk about settling
on Philip Marlowe because he was a man
who kind of stood up for ideas of
chivalry even while knowing that he was
living in a corrupt world and what I
would say about this is when you say are
there any good books on masculinity I
don't know any books called how to be a
man you know I don't know any I wouldn't
know if they existed I really do think
that turning to other role models
finding other mentors other role models
other people who can help you is the way
to go and and I I continue to do that
into my 20s when I found a great
psychiatrist who saved my life and he
sort of became my mentor really the only
mentor I ever had and I think that you
really have to find people even if
they're fictional that you can admire
and base yourself on because I
understand you know when
you have a father that you can admire
when you have a father who is against
you who is mean or who's absent you have
to find other role models and you have
to do it in any way that you can do it
and fiction is one of the ways I mean
they're great heroes I always talk about
the book shame a great example where a
boy has to choose between the kind of
action man father and the at home
domestic father both of them good images
of manhood and I think that you know you
have you have to do something because of
course of course being a man it gives
you a lot of you have usually more
physical strength than the women in your
lives you have sometimes more I'm more
domineering personality than the women
in your lives eventually if you have
children and become a father you have to
show them what a man is you have to show
your son so he can be a man you have to
show your daughter so she can find a man
so she can understand what kind of man
she's looking for you have to show your
wife so she can have a good life you
know those are things that you have to
do as a man and you have to understand
what that is but of course that it's not
Tony Soprano and it's not being a
pushover of course it's not there is a a
method of having strength and carrying
strength with nobility and courage and
integrity and integrity I think is
possibly you know people feminists
especially get really angry at me but
I'm integrity which is admirable in
anybody is essential to manhood in a way
it may not be to womanhood to be to say
act and be who you seem to be I think is
essential to being a man anyway I think
that that's it is a task if it can be a
lifelong task but is something you have
to take on
