in a scathing 300-page report the House
Oversight Committee has blasted the
Obama administration and former corrupt
Attorney General Eric Holder for their
cover-up of The Fast and Furious
gun-running scandal a scandal that was
implicated in the death of an American
law officer CNN responded to the report
by calling for the impeachment of
President Trump because he made an
untoward remark to James Comey according
to the house report holder and Obama's
corrupt Justice Department did
everything they could to withhold
information from the family of Brian
Terry the American lawman who was
murdered by gangsters using guns which
Obama's DOJ had allowed them to buy
Holder regarded the grieving family of
the murdered law officer as a quote
nuisance even though they were grieving
and a family of a law officer who was
murdered
by gangsters with guns that holder and
Obama had allowed them to buy CNN
journalists responded to the report by
screaming for seven straight hours about
the fact that President trumpet clumsily
asked James Comey to let go of his
investigation into Michael Flynn no law
officers were killed in the conversation
Eric Holder became the first corrupt
Attorney General to ever be held in
contempt of Congress for his refusal to
turn over documents relating to the Fast
& Furious scandal which as I may have
mentioned was implicated in the murder
of an American lawman who was fighting
Mexican drug dealers who were using guns
that Obama's DOJ had allowed to fall
into their hands in the scandal that
holds an Obama were covering up CNN
reported on the house oversight
committees findings saying quote unquote
not only was Eric Holder found in
contempt of Congress for his refusal to
turn over documents relating to the Fast
& Furious scandal a scandal which was
implicated in the death of an American
law officer but President Barack Obama
granted Holder executive privilege so
that he wouldn't have to turn over
documents Obama's actions served to
further obstruct the investigation into
the scandal which facilitated the buying
of guns by Mexican gangsters who later
killed an American law officer who's
grieving family was deemed a nuisance by
Eric Holder who was granted executive
privilege by
Bhama so we wouldn't have to reveal the
truth CNN commentators say that this
amounts to obstruction of justice by
Donald Trump because he made an
inappropriate remark during which no one
died because it was a remark not one of
thousands of guns that had been sold to
Mexican gangsters and then used in a
shootout in which a law officer died
which Eric Holder then covered up with
Barack Obama's help according to CNN
commentator Anderson why face quote
Donald Trump is clearly in violation of
some sort of law or something and is a
doodoo stinky dink
who is worse than Watergate whatever
that was unquote James Comey has now
finished his public testimony about the
Russian investigation and law officers
are continuing not to die in that
investigation the way they did die
during fast and furious which Holder and
Obama covered up this is not CNN trigger
warning I'm Andrew Klavan and this is
the Andrew Klavan shell
