our anonymous sources who are even more
anonymous than other people's anonymous
sources have given the Daily wire a
bombshell revelation about Russia you
can tell it's a bombshell
because it has the word bombshell
written in front of it in all capital
letters for those of you who aren't
professional journalists like myself a
bombshell is a technical journalism term
meaning an unfounded rumor that would
have no impact on your life even if it
were true which it probably isn't where
was I oh yeah a bombshell about Russia
from incredibly anonymous sources in a
story that could be ripped from the
pages of the television show of the
Americans if television shows had pages
and we ripped them it now seems clear
that Vladimir Putin and the Russians had
an agent planted at the very highest
levels of American government this agent
or mole as they're called in technical
tradecraft lingo from john lecarre a
novels is referred to in secret
documents only by his Russian name of
Barack knock off oh bomb ski thus making
it virtually impossible to hunt down
this malicious sleeper agent who so
enabled Putin while undermining US
defenses according to these top-secret
documents which we know are real because
our anonymous sources read them to us
over the phone the mole oh bomb ski was
able to manipulate American policy in
the following ways he conspired with
Putin puppet Dmitri Medvedev to weaken
American defenses in Europe while
simultaneously defunding our military he
twisted American foreign policy to
ensure the Iranians would get the
nuclear program Russia has been trying
to give them for over 20 years he
convinced Western leaders to do
virtually nothing while a weakened
Russia grew stronger by gaining
influence in the Middle East annexing
Crimea and invading the Ukraine and he
had intelligence services illegally spy
on Americans then spread and leaked
classified information in an attempt to
undermine the legal results of an
American presidential election working
with a fellow Russian sleeper agent
referred to only as Ivan Karen it's key
the nefarious plan tobolski established
various back channels with the Russians
in which the mysterious Karen it's key
floated secret offers to suspend
American sanctions
according to our insanely anonymous
sources the infiltration of our
government by these Russian spies was so
complete that they were able to dispatch
a Mata Hari like female agent referred
to in the documents only as Hillary
Clinton niya to legitimize Putin's
destruction of Russian freedoms by
offering the Russians a gigantic red
reset button right under the noses of
the unsuspecting American people whether
we can manage to track down this Russian
sleeper cell which did so much damage to
American foreign policy while empowering
Russia's tyrannical leadership will
depend on whether America's Free Press
can use its investigative tools to
expose the nefarious evildoers in other
words they're all going to get away
scot-free while we listen to one
hysterical anti-trump story after
another trigger warning I'm Andrew
Clavin and this is the Andrew Clavin
show
