our anonymous sources who are even more
anonymous than other people's anonymous
sources have given the Daily wire a
bombshell revelation about Russia you
can tell it's a bombshell
because it has the word bombshell
written in front of it in all capital
letters for those of you who aren't
professional journalists like myself a
bombshell is a technical journalism term
meaning an unfounded rumor that would
have no impact on your life even if it
were true which it probably isn't where
was I oh yeah a bombshell about Russia
from incredibly anonymous sources in a
story that could be ripped from the
pages of the television show the
Americans if television shows had pages
and we ripped them it now seems clear
that Vladimir Putin and the Russians had
an agent planted at the very highest
levels of American government this agent
or mole as they're called in technical
tradecraft lingo from John le carr√©
novels is referred to in secret
documents only by his Russian name of
Barack knock off Oh bomb ski thus making
it virtually impossible to hunt down
this malicious sleeper agent who so
enabled Putin while undermining US
defenses according to these top-secret
documents which we know are real because
our anonymous sources read them to us
over the phone the mole Oh bomb ski was
able to manipulate American policy in
the following ways he conspired with
Putin puppet Dmitry Medvedev to weaken
American defenses in Europe while
simultaneously defunding our military he
twisted American foreign policy to
ensure the Iranians would get the
nuclear program Russia has been trying
to give them for over 20 years he
convinced Western leaders to do
virtually nothing while a weakened
Russia grew stronger by gaining
influence in the Middle East annexing
Crimea and invading the Ukraine and he
had intelligence services illegally spy
on Americans then spread and leaked
classified information in an attempt to
undermine the legal results of an
American presidential election working
with a fellow Russian sleeper agent
referred to only as Ivan Karen it's key
the nefarious plan tobolski established
various back channels with the Russians
in which the mysterious Karen its key
floated secret offers to suspend
American sanctions according to our
insanely
anonymous sources the infiltration of
our government by these Russian spies
was so complete that they were able to
dispatch a Mata Hari like female agent
referred to in the documents only as
Hillary Clinton Maya to legitimize
Putin's destruction of Russian freedoms
by offering the Russians a gigantic red
reset button right under the noses of
the unsuspecting American people whether
we can manage to track down this Russian
sleeper cell which did so much damage to
American foreign policy while empowering
Russia's tyrannical leadership will
depend on whether America's Free Press
can use its investigative tools to
expose the nefarious evildoers in other
words they're all going to get away
scot-free while we listen to one
hysterical anti-trump story after
another trigger warning i'm andrew
Clavin and this is the andrew Clavin
show
all right we're back after the long
Clavin last weekend was particularly
long for Tiger Woods was arrested on a
DUI I saw somebody on Twitter said he
should have used the driver so that
means tomorrow is the mailbag it's a
short warning so you've got to get your
questions in but look at it this way it
means you have probably more a better
chance of getting your question on which
means your miserable life will be turned
around because all the answers are
guaranteed correct and will change your
life
on occasion for the better today we have
Benjamin Weingarten with us he is the
founder and CEO of change up media which
is a media consulting firm that helps
people spread the word about freedom and
he wrote a piece in city journal called
where democracy really dies in darkness
playing off the Washington Post pompous
and ponderous and all did I say pompous
already also pompous new slogan
democracy dies in darkness which the
Washington Post then tries to provide so
a lot of you you know one of the things
about the mailbag is we ask serious
questions like why are we here and I
know the reason why I'm here is because
I'm not at the post office waiting on
line it's the way I run my entire life
my entire life is organized around not
being on line and this is just something
I've always hated and you know people
keep writing in I say online and
Californians say in line is that
difference yeah seat for me in line
escapes you're right and if you're
skating on line then you're in line on
line but this is why you need stamps.com
because there's good a job as the post
office does you got to go there when
it's open you got to stand on line you
got to ask questions you know wait for
the other guy to ask questions you do
not have to do that with stamps.com it's
tough the entire post office into your
computer which is painful for your
computer but incredibly reliable and
convenient for you so stamps.com brings
all the services of the US Postal
Service right to your fingertips you can
buy and print official US postage for
any letter any package any class of mail
using your own computer and printer
which is kind of magical actually you
put the envelope
and it comes out with a stamp printed on
it they make it easy and they'll even
send you a digital scale so you can
calculate how much posted you need you
don't need to go to the post office for
that either stamps comm will even help
you decide what's the best class of mail
to send each thing so you don't
overspend it is it really does take away
that whole thing about finding the time
to get to the post office waiting online
and right now you too can enjoy the
stamps com service with a special offer
that includes a four week trial plus
postage and a digital scale without long
term commitments so go to stamps comm
you click on the microphone at the top
of the homepage and type in clayvin if
you can't spell it join the crowd it's
que la vie en go to stamps com hit the
microphone and enter que la VA N Clavin
stamps com
you never have to go to the post office
again so I woke up this morning after
three days of you know that was pain
today I was keeping up with the news but
I woke up this way I look at there's no
news anymore this it's just like you
know they talk about fake news it's like
it's all ridiculous they're doing this
Jared Kushner thing this Jared Kushner
this is the headline in the New York
Times today the top story in the New
York Times
let me pause before I go on to this and
say yesterday was Memorial Day when we
honor our troops especially those who
have fallen fighting for our freedom
normally on every newspaper in the
country there is a picture from Memorial
Day did you guys get the picture I sent
you of the president put up this picture
of the president and if you're not
watching the years the president hugging
a little boy who lost his father a
marine it chokes you up just to see it
the kid is dressed up in his little boys
marine costume to honor his father and
there's the President of the United
States giving a hug
nobody ran this picture if that were
Barack Obama
it would have been broadcast like the
head of Trump in Saudi Arabia it would
have been like everywhere and shame on
them I mean shame
and for their just like they've just so
angry that they lost this election
they're so angry that their story does
not work out the way it's supposed to
work out that they're just gonna tell
this little kid basically he doesn't
matter your father doesn't matter screw
you guys if it's Donald Trump it ain't
there let's listen just for a minute to
Trump's speech at Arlington - every
ghost our family god is with you and
your loved ones are with him
they died in war so that we could live
in peace I believe that God has a
special place in heaven for those who
lay down their lives so that others may
live free from fear and this horrible
oppression now let us pledge to make the
most of that freedom that they so
gallantly and brilliantly fought for and
they died to protect so they can't they
can't play this they can't show the
picture just a little illustration to
remind this was a Memorial Day what it
means they didn't cover it voxcom was
attacking the Marines and shame on them
I mean this is insane you know we do
what we do because they do what they do
and some of them lose their lives doing
it and you know it doesn't cost you
anything you know Dylan what's his name
Dylan Byers from CNN kind of stumbled
onto the truth I mean you can tell by
the way he's talking about it he was
talking about the Montana congressman
who body-slammed a reporter from The
Guardian and this is you know these
things only violence and and
unfriendliness in America only become
issues when they happen to the left it
only becomes an issue when incivility
suddenly is incivility I mean I always
say this that incivility they called us
they called men pigs are they called
cops pigs they called us racists they
called us everything and then Rush
Limbaugh came along and started coming
up with names for them like feminazis
and suddenly Bill Clinton was gay
where's
where's the civility well suddenly it's
weird you know they'd did they ask did
Don Lemon who wouldn't even let a guy
say that Donald Trump had nothing to do
with this which he didn't did he ever
blame Barack Obama for the black lives
matters murders of police officers did
he ever blame black lives matter for the
rhetoric that caused that or college
students who've been listening kind of
students have been listening to
conservative professors say that you
know speech is violence and now they
feel fine about about rioting when a
conservative comes to speak but here is
Dylan Byers of CNN talking he's talking
about this incident Montana and they're
trying to blame it on Trump but he
stumbles on the truth that they only
tell ones one side of the story
two things have happened one over the
course of several decades the
conservatives have done a masterful job
at capitalizing the waning trust in
media among conservatives and using it
to their advantage but a second thing
has happened to which is that on
occasion more than the media would
probably like to admit we have not told
the story of conservative Americans
disenfranchised Americans who believe
that they are losing their country the
story we have largely been telling is a
story that is more or less in step with
the arc of history as defined by Barack
Obama and Hillary Clinton that doesn't
mean we favor them to win it just means
that that sort of vision of a
progressive future a global future and
that is not one that resonates with so
many conservative American voters and so
there is this chasm and no one exploited
it as well as Donald Trump did and no
one made it as violent an aggressive and
sinister as Donald Trump did and that
laid the foundation for the sorts of
incidents that happened last night and
it was violent and aggressive him that
everything they've done all the violence
of the left you know that just goes by
the board one guy loses it in Montana
and I don't and I don't support that I
think it's wrong to do but one guy
losing suddenly this is an issue in
American life because he's still stuck
in that narrative and when he says we
don't support them he's just lying he
just for yourself deceiving or something
so today the New York Times the lead
story is Jared Kushner he's got had a
meeting with a russian banker who knew
Putin and somebody possibly the banker
said we should set up a you know a back
channel where you
talk to Putin I let Kim Strasse she did
this so well let her put this in context
how nothing is story this is and it's
just it's just the Long Knives are now
out for Jared Kushner I think we are
having a discussion that is absolutely
divorced from reality this week it is
astonishing let me set the scene for you
it's 2008 we are having an election and
Canada
he's not even president-elect sends
William Miller over to Iran to establish
a back-channel and let the Iranians know
that should he win the election they
will have friendlier terms okay so this
is a private citizen going to foreign
soil obviously in order to evade US
intelligence monitoring and establishing
a back channel with a sworn enemy of the
United States who was actively
disrupting our efforts in the military
in the Middle East so is that bad
judgment is that a bad thing
that happened back channels are
completely normal they happen all the
time
Reagan did them Obama did them everyone
did so I'm not quite sure why supposedly
having at least that the president's now
elected setting up a back-channel with
the Russians is somehow out of balance
and here's the difference okay because
this is the whole thing is now the left
has managed to make Russia into a scare
word just like McCarthy knows Russia
it's Russia it's Russia there's a lot of
lad Amir Putin is a gangster and the
Russian government is a gangster ah
cracy there's no question about that but
but unlike Iran we actually have common
goals with Russia you know we both we
have a lot of nuclear weapons and we
don't want to see nuclear weapons
proliferate so that's that's a big one
Muslims they have the huge problems with
Muslim terrorism from Chechnya we have
those problems too they have them even
more than we do
China of course is mutual interest China
is expanding how are we gonna deal with
that these are things that we have to
talk to the Russians about even though
it's Vladimir Putin and it's the reason
why Putin because Americans tend to be a
little bit wide-eyed and innocent still
when it comes to foreign policy it's the
reason why Putin was allowed to
consolidate his tyranny in Russia after
that little brief glimmer of freedom
that came after the fall of the Berlin
Wall for a moment yet Boris Yeltsin they
had some free press you know
pootin the former KGB guy came back and
established his getting gangster ah
cracy while george w bush for one looked
remember he looked in his eyes and I saw
his soul and he's a man I can deal with
then Barak Obama with his reset button
and they just keep getting you know
manhandled by this guy Trump so far has
not been and we're gonna talk about that
in a minute I'm not gonna turn off
Facebook and YouTube because I want you
to be able to see Benjamin Weingarten
talk about where democracy really dies
in darkness but that's no reason not to
subscribe because if you subscribe to
The Daily wired.com not only can you be
in the mailbag and have all your
problems solved but more importantly you
can also get a free copy of say it so if
you subscribe for a year you got to be
an annual subscriber you get a free copy
of say it so Papa dad and me and the
2005 White Sox champions season by some
guy named Ben Shapiro and his dad David
so there was a wonderful wonderful
interview with defense secretary James
Mad Dog Madison this guy what's his name
Dickerson is that the the old Democrat
hack and and he was asked it was really
if you want to know what the news is
this interview probably was more news
than anything else and he was asked
about about Russia you know what is
Russia after this is cut number three
what do the Russians want beats me
right now Russia's future should be
wedded to Europe why they see NATO as a
threat is beyond me
clearly NATO is not a threat but right
now Russia is choosing to be a strategic
competitor for any number of reasons but
the bottom line is NATO is not a threat
and they know it there they have no
doubt about it you've said that Russia
is trying to break apart NATO is there
is East the United States gonna take any
action to deal with Russia as a threat
to NATO either and helping in the
Balkans or in any other way right now we
are dealing with Russia attempting to
deal with Russia under president Trump's
direction in a diplomatic manner at the
same time while willing to engage
diplomatically we are going to have to
confront Russia when it comes to areas
where they attack
whether it be with cyber or they try to
change borders using armed force and
that's admittedly a strategically
uncomfortable position okay so that so
what he's talking about is again if
Russia were run by a sane decent normal
kind of Western leader type we'd have
plenty of mutual interests but because
Putin knows in order to keep his
tyrannical power in force he's got to
demonize America this is what the way he
this is internal politics as an internal
Russian politics he's got to demonize
America he's got to demonize gay people
that's a big thing because there's this
big kind of would you call it a
millenarian apocalyptic Christianity in
Russia so you know the gays or have to
be demonized and he's doing that he has
to have expansionist goals just like you
know Hitler because once you start to
you know once you're oppressing your own
people they're like what are we getting
well we're becoming a world power again
so we're gonna take over crime here
we're gonna go into the Ukraine these
are all challenges that Trump is going
to have to face and so far
what does he you know Trump has been
pretty strong he is you know he wants to
negotiate that's the right thing to do
but you know he is Putin is not loving
Trump he's not colluding the Trump Obama
stood there with his thumb in his nose
you know doing absolutely nothing while
this one on and by the way also trying
to establish back channels because John
Kerry was good friends with the Sergey
Lavrov the foreign minister who
everybody was so shocked that the Trump
was talking that's what all this Russian
stuff in the news is not news and you
keep hearing it Isis like I said when
they appointed the special counsel
robert muller you know suddenly we're
gonna hear the burgeoning russian
scandal the burgeoning there is no
burgeoning scandal not yet not yet there
may stuff may come up that i don't know
about that we haven't seen yet but so
far this is absolute nonsense and and
they may find a guy here a guy there who
talked to trumpet where's the crime
there's no there is no crime if it was
not a crime for obama to open a
back-channel with iran before he was
even elected it's certainly no crime for
the people in the Trump administration
to be talking to the Russians and
talking about the election and talking
about all all kinds of things so I just
want to heat play Malthus on two more
things and then we'll get to been wide
garden first I wanted he's he's talking
about the chain
strategy Trump's change strategy on Isis
and it's really an interesting
interesting change listen to this our
strategy right now is to accelerate the
campaign against Isis it is a threat to
all civilized nations and the bottom
line is we are going to move in an
accelerated and reinforced manner throw
them on their back foot we have already
shifted from attrition tactics where we
shove them from one position to another
in Iraq and Syria to annihilation
tactics where we surround them our
intention is if the foreign fighters do
not survive the fight to return home to
North Africa to Europe to America to
Asia to Africa we're not going to allow
them to do so we're going to stop them
there and take apart the Caliphate so
he's talking about keeping Trump's
promise to wipe these guys off the face
of the earth he talked about humiliating
them he talked about making sure that
people understand that these are not
religious people that this is not going
to be the face of Islam in the future
that this is their Caliphate was a dream
it was a mistake was an illusion he's
talking he's talking victory he's
talking about the victory and dickerson
goes on to say what about civilians
dying are we gonna get used to that and
Malthus response is we're the good guys
we're not the perfect guys and sometimes
civilians die but a lot of times the
civilians die because the bad guys put
them in the way of our guns but of
course the line of the Essure have
certainly the line the big line of the
year was was this one Dickerson asked
him what keeps him up at night what
keeps you awake at night nothing I keep
other people awake at night but but the
interesting thing to me about this is he
gave a different answer to Dexter
Filkins at The New Yorker Dexter Filkins
is a terrific reporter for the great
book about his embed in the Iraq war he
was in some of the worst moments of the
Iraq war and the book was called a
forever war which turned out not to be
but he was wrong about but he's a
terrific writer and he was interviewing
Matheson mattis in The New Yorker
and this is a just a quick excerpt of
that he says when I asked what worried
him most in his new position of defense
secretary I expected him to say Isis or
Russia or the defense budget instead he
said the lack of political unity in
America the lack of a fundamental
friendliness it seems like an awful lot
of people in America and around the
world feel spiritually and personally
alienated whether it be from organized
religion or from local community school
districts or from their governments I
come out of the tight-knit Marine Corps
but I've lived on college campuses for
three-and-a-half years he went on go
back to Ben Frey talks about this for a
while and then he says I think that when
you look at veterans coming out of the
wars they're more and more just slapped
in the face by this isolation and
they're used to something better
they think it's PTSD which it can be but
it's really about alienation if you lose
any sense of being part of something
bigger then why should you care about
your fellow man what he's saying we
talked about this last week too about
the sense of meaning that you have in
war the sense of camaraderie the sense
of being a part of something that's
important with other people and that he
says is disappearing from America and
listen you know I'm going to say that
maybe there are some voices on the right
that are involved in this alienation
I've you know I know there's some angry
voices on the right but the left has
basically because the left's programs
have failed everywhere because socialism
fails everywhere because all their
equality makes life worse because all
their programs make people dependent
because all their cities are where or
where the worst problems for black
Americans are in Democrat cities because
of this they have had to go to work
destroying shifting the blame on two
basic deep norms and values of decency
and Americanism so it's the basically
their their narrative now is if we could
just get rid of White's if we could just
get rid of men if we could just get rid
of objective truth if we could just get
rid of reason if we could just get rid
of God then socialism would work then it
would all work and a lot of this
division comes for that and that's the
story that's the story that Dylan Byers
who skin and has been telling all this
time and that is an incredibly
incredibly divisive story will
about that some more but right now I'd
like to bring Benjamin Weingarten on he
is the founder and CEO of change up
media which is a media consulting and
production firm dedicated to advancing
the principles of individual liberty and
limited government
he writes everywhere could Wall Street
Journal City Journal conservative review
the Federals the hill National Review
you can find him at B H Weingarten on
twitter b HW ein g AR te and have we got
him Benjamin how you doing
Hayden Andrew it's a pleasure to be with
you it's nice to meet you finally I read
your stuff in City Journal and I thought
this article was just terrific it's
called where democracy really dies in
darkness and you're basically talking
about the fact that while the Washington
Post has this pompous and portentous
saying on their paper they're actually
not paying attention to the fact that
there are places where democracy is
really dying isn't that so it is amazing
you know we see that the left is so
concerned about this creeping fascism in
America meanwhile for the last eight
years we actually had a creeping
regressive philosophy that animated the
entire Obama administration and our
government but meanwhile actually around
the world democracy really is dying in
darkness and the people who are not
shining a light on it are the very
people who are focused on this phantom
fascism creeping into America and so I
bring up three recent examples of this
that should chill everyone who watches
your show and every other show out there
in particular in Turkey Venezuela and
Hong Kong and here we see in these
instances two different types of
democracy really dying in darkness
there's the darkness of Islamist Sharia
supremacist fascism and then you have
the leftist variety and this is
happening in real time we're talking
about hundreds of millions of people
around the world falling under the Iron
Fist of tyranny and our press is out to
lunch focusing on the latest tweet and
you know intrigued over Andrew Jackson
being in the White House and the life
you ask you this it's just it seemed not
that long ago I'm old enough to remember
when it seemed that democracy had won
the argument it seemed like democracy
and capitalism
we're basically you remember the end of
history in the last man and it was all
over we all knew what worked and what
didn't work what went wrong how did
these people get so you know how did
they get so suckered you know even
though I think a lot of conservatives
were enamoured over the fact that the
Soviet Union had fell even though let's
not forget that it's it's not as if then
the Soviet leaders were then rounded up
and put in prison or went on trial for
their crimes I mean the system kind of
morphed and from the Soviet perspective
at that time it kind of worked out
pretty well I mean they opened up their
markets to the west they were able to
get the west technology intellectual
capital all of the benefits of it but
the fact of the matter is that the ideas
never died while capitalism triumphed in
the sense of look you had markets that
liberated around the world and people
saw the benefits of free trade and
accepted those as fact and as positives
at the same time the progressivism that
seeped into the West never stopped its
march through our institutions and so
while in practice our principle is that
you know the ones that we hold deeply
conservatism limited government
individual liberty of free speech and
all of these rights that we care about
while we hold them as fact and self
evidence and critical on the other hand
progressivism continued on its march and
add to that the fact that you had the
ascendance of Islamic supremacists
ideology at the very same time that you
had the kind of collapse of Soviet
Communism history did not end in fact
the March continued and it's up to us to
actually defend it because Liberty has
been the exception to the rule it has
not been the rule throughout history
most of history has been about who is
the strongest person who has their hand
on the trigger on the other hand it has
not been liberal freedom democracy
whatever you want to call it that has
been the norm and we should also say
that we have to define our terms here
because when we talk about democracy
dying in darkness
well the Obama administration would say
look we supported Democratic uprisings
in the Arab Spring
but democracy does not equal freedom 50%
plus one at the ballot box is not
liberty and we don't have tok villian
democracy is playing themselves out
throughout the Middle East actually we
have an Arab Spring turn to an Arab
winter it really is true and in the case
of the Russians one of Vladimir Putin's
sad songs that he sings is that the
Americans humiliated Russia after the
end of the Cold War but the exact
opposite is true we never called them to
account we never called them to account
for their crimes
we never prosecuted any of the people
who had done terrible terrible things to
their own people and we basically just
said you know join the fun of freedom
and Putin used that friendliness to take
over the machinery over there really and
establishes gangster aqua see but what
why do you think why is the press not
covering this story they were covering
it what what seems to me well let me let
me start with this do you think that
Donald Trump poses a danger to the norms
of our Republican democracy I don't
think he poses a danger to the norms of
our democracy if you listen to what the
America first agenda was it's actually
about reanimating the principles that
were inherent to our democracy and oh by
the way we have three branches of
government where if someone does go off
the rails and doesn't stick within the
confines of our constitutional order we
have checks and balances that hold them
in effect all the sudden the left loves
checks and balances so federalism was
not okay for the you know in the
Confederate era but now it's OK for the
left apparently and of course they like
to tarnish the notion of federalism
where states are laboratories of
experiment by saying that federalism is
actually about preserving you know again
the Confederacy but actually when the
federal government does things the left
doesn't like all the sudden they think
that states should have the freedom to
innovate and actually represent their
populations because guess what we really
have 50 countries within one big country
in effect I mean our states are
different in terms of their character
the resources the people the history etc
in any event though no I do not believe
he poses a threat and again
we have an amazing system that was put
forth by the founders to keep in check
anyone that would threat in that order I
think the greater problem is when you
have three branches of government that
are out to lunch right or that or that
get together in collude to ensure that
those checks and balances and that
separation of powers does not exist and
I would argue that we had that under the
Obama presidency and under this
president you see the courts completely
overstepping their batting force
executive orders yeah and the like
so why do you why is the press not
covering I mean we have this is in our
own hemisphere we have a country going
up in flames you know this is the
pictures that you know are just insane
and we have this kind of this idea that
somehow the problems in the Muslim world
are our fault
what is it the press is not thinking why
why won't they cover these stories
well the Occam's razor answer and I
think that's always the first place that
you should look here is the fact that
it's not a story that casts the left in
a positive light
think about it when it comes to
Venezuela Venezuela is Bernie Sanders is
democratic socialism on steroids and
what has been the results of that well
you had a thriving economic superpower
endowed with tremendous natural
resources including oil in our
hemisphere and under first you go
shabbos and now under Maduro his regime
you've seen the collapse within 15 to 20
years of a great liberal Western
democratic nation what has been the
result of socialist policies where
you've seen recently nationalized
factories controlled by US companies
well you've seen rampant hyperinflation
you've seen the you know essentially
minimal food stock for the public beyond
the military you've seen actually in a
nation where guns were outlawed now the
regime is actually arming its citizens
to point the guns at their fellow
citizens on behalf of the regime I mean
you can't make this stuff up but this is
what happens when you take socialism to
its logical conclusion and ultimately
socialism or progressivism progressivism
it should be
rebranded if conservatives had any idea
about marketing and they can learn
something from the President on this
progressivism is regressive
progressivism is not let's move forward
to the 21st 22nd 23rd utopic centuries
it's actually let's go back to the time
of kings where a king can essentially
decree that all of your freedom is gone
the next day
if we actually got to a place like that
I'd have a lot more confidence in the
direction of the country unfortunately
because we don't see what's happening in
a place like Venezuela because it's not
in the press's interest to print the
stories showing the logical conclusions
of their ideology what we get instead is
what we have today so this is the the
last question I want to ask you you are
the founder and CEO of change up media
I'm sure I noticed that you were a
publius fellow at Claremont Institute
which is a real honor
I suspect you were probably there with
my friend Owen Brennan from Madison
McQueen who's has a similar company
you're obviously trying to teach people
how to sell the principles of individual
liberty and limited government and all
this how do how do we win this argument
is that too broader question how do we
begin first of all we should start by
asking the right questions like have we
won to this date okay if not what did
the other side do to in my view and in
the view of the Claremont Institute and
I think self-evidently if you go around
the streets of the Upper West Side
around here or where you are out and out
in California you see that the
progressive ideas have won they have
triumphed in the institution's how was
it that these progressives who were on
the fringe of society many of them is
Germanic philosophers professors who
came over a hundred years ago and what
of this cohort of alienated marginalized
folks intellectuals how did they triumph
how did they make these ideas sexy
enough to win in the war of ideas and
what I would say is that we win two ways
one we have the truth on our side and
while the other side may argue that
there is no such thing as objective
truth fact and fiction and the like
they certainly believe that their truth
is the truth so we can point out their
hypocrisy is but I don't know that
pointing out Epocrates though wins I
think ultimately what has to win is the
idea of freedom and liberty that is
something that every
values in their everyday life whether
they recognize it or not and I would say
they oftentimes do not recognize the
fact that the fact that something like
an uber or Airbnb or Google or any
company that we like that we use on a
daily basis only springs up when you
have the conditions for freedom and
those conditions are deeply rooted in
our country and have been over the last
over 200 plus years and that didn't just
arise out of nowhere that came out of
hundreds of years of experimentation
often waiting to poverty and misery that
you see in places like Venezuela and
soon I fear Turkey and unfortunately
Hong Kong as I point out Hong Kong will
be a great example of a place that was
liberal free and Western and now it
turns it's tragic you absolutely right
and it's funny that the left you know
hey geography those guys like Steve Jobs
who are absolute products of capitalism
and benefactors of K you know and
benefited themselves from capitalism but
they don't get the greater point
Benjamin Weingarten thank you very much
I the founder and CEO of change up media
your article in city journal was
excellent of where democracy really dies
in darkness you can be found on Twitter
at B H Weingarten anywhere else you'd
like people to look for you or anything
else Jocelin also been wine garden calm
you can find my website there and a
newsletter and keep up to date with all
my latest writings and thank you so much
for having me I really appreciated it
it's a pleasure we'll talk again thanks
very much and that brings me to stuff I
like let me remind you by the way that
tomorrow is mailbag day so we have a
short lead to get to mail the mailbag so
get those questions in now and remember
you'll have a better chance of getting
your question answered because probably
there'll be some fewer questions and
then your life doesn't have to be like
this it can be different maybe worse but
you know the reason we talk about the
Arts in the culture a lot and one of the
problems with talking about the culture
and a political atmosphere is people
start to think that what the culture is
about is about propaganda and propaganda
in the arts is always boring it's always
you know counterproductive it's just
it's really bad storytelling bad art but
then why do the arts help us why the
arts important to conservatives and the
reason has to do with what the arts do
it has to do with human nature the arts
are the way it's just in the same way
that numbers are the way we preserve
these scientific information right if we
couldn't write down numbers imagine if
you couldn't write down numbers we'd be
gorillas right we'd be passing on
information to our kids and they they
would remember what they remember it's
because we can write stuff down that we
can grow we can build on the stuff that
people found we don't have to reinvent
Newton's theories you know in each
generation he wrote them down and the
arts write down something important
whether it's painting or music or
literature they write down the internal
experience of being a human being and
they translate that there's nothing on
earth that can put that into words
directly you cannot put into words
directly if you'll notice even a an
athlete or sometimes not the most
articulate people in the world you'll
say how did it feel to score that to
score that touchdown or hit that homerun
and they'll say oh man it was like
Christmas morning it was like Christmas
they immediately go to a metaphor which
is the beginning of the arts it's a way
of saying how something felt by
comparing it to something else what was
that like well it was like you know that
something it was like a ghost came back
and asked me to avenge my father and I
couldn't make up my mind what the right
thing to do was that's what Hamlet
translates it and a tranny it translates
it in terms of the emotion the internal
experience of a great artist to you the
person receiving the arts why does that
matter for freedom because human nature
is the basis on which you construct
freedom the reason you know if you watch
if you look at old fascist governments
that collapse it is easier for a fascist
government to become a free government
like say in Spain than it is for a
communist government like in the Soviet
Union to become a free government and
the reason is that socialism perverts
human nature and fascism doesn't fascism
is very natural to people you know
they've got a strongman you follow it's
like going like you know you go back to
the strongman he leads he pees so all he
wants his power
everybody understands that but it
doesn't say to you what socialism says
to you which is that you are not a
worthy recipient of freedom that is what
the Socialists are selling all the time
you're a white male you're you know
you're the dominant person you you are
not allowed to be free you should not be
free you owe reparations you should feel
guilty all this stuff if you learn about
human nature which you can really only
do I mean obviously you do it by living
but you can do it so much better with
the arts they expand your life you begin
to see the limits of human nature and
where it does have to be restrained
because it has to be restrained you
can't let people be up absolutely free a
little just start killing each other and
ultimately the strong man will emerge
that's why fascism is so natural so you
got to put limits on freedom but what
are the limits so there are two ways of
thinking about human nature one is that
human nature doesn't exist
it's whatever that's that's the Marxist
way Marx said this he said it's just
they're just a bunch of relationships
and this is what they sell you in your
leftist you know college courses that
raises a question it raises the question
if human nature can be molded into
anything you want who's doing the
molding whose ideas molded right but if
human nature is set within limits then
the question is who serves it what
serves it what serves human nature if
human nature wants this this and this
how do i best serve human nature so that
most people are served like McDonald's
the post people are served and that
human nature is allowed to thrive and
that's what the arts are teaching you
they're teaching you about who you are
who people are what we have to limit and
what we don't have to limit how free can
we get how free can we make human beings
and how limited government because
that's the other side so stuff I like
this week we took a short week I'm just
going to do a couple of narrative poems
because I really like narrative poems
and nobody reads them anymore and so I
just thought I would just recommend a
couple because they're usually pretty
short and this is one of the most
readable Sir Gawain and the Green Knight
has anybody ever read sir gallon and the
Green Knight you have who did hey it's a
14th century poem you can get it
translated by Tolkien he translated the
guy wrote the Lord of the Rings
translated it's an hour Thorian legend
it's Camelot it's New Years Day which is
part of the Christmas celebration King
Arthur
quarters there and a giant comes on
comes in and makes a deal and the bet
that he makes is any knight who is brave
enough can take my it's my ax or take a
sword and hit me in the neck with it as
hard as you can and in a year in a day I
if you don't kill me I get to do the
same thing to you and that's the bet
they make and Sir Gawain who is related
to King Arthur I think says nephew maybe
sir Cowen takes the bet and it's what
happens after that and it is as they say
online what happens after that will
astonish you so it's its clickbait
anyway it's great stuff it is
wonderfully readable find a good
translation you don't have to read it in
verse as I said talking to the good
trans I liked his translation but there
are so many others and you know these
days you can get it on on Kindle or on
your iBook for like a dollar so really
worth it sir Cowen and the Green Knight
tomorrow is mailbag day start those
letters coming in we will answer as many
as we can
answers guaranteed 100% correct and will
change your life possibly for the better
I'm Andrew Clavin this is the Andrew
Clavin show we'll see you tomorrow
