before we get to the news of the day I
thought it might be fun to take a little
trip to academia and find out what our
friends the left-wing college professors
are up to after all as the old saying
goes you can lead a horse to water but
these people are idiots actually that
same may not be all that old here's a
story about college professors that so
help me is completely true assistant
professor Rebecca touvell of Rhodes
College in Memphis Tennessee recently
wrote an academic paper that was
published in the feminist journal
Hypatia the paper was entitled in
defense of transracial ISM translational
ISM of course is when you pretend to be
a different race in order to pretend to
be a victim of pretend oppression
assistant professor - Val wrote that it
isn't fair that society is increasingly
tolerant of transgenderism but remain
suspicious of trans racialism
after all if we can pretend to believe
people who pretend to be a different
gender why can't we pretend to believe
people who pretend to be a different
race mr. Val wrote quote and this is a
real quote we need an account of race
that does not collapse into a position
according to which all forms of
self-identification are socially
recognized such as one's self
identification as a wolf
mr. vels articles set off a firestorm of
criticism with hundreds of other
academics signing a petition asserting
that it was dangerous and an act of
epistemic violence to suggest that quote
white scholars may even engage in
speculative discussion of these themes
the journal Hypatia apologized for
publishing the piece but Susanna walters
a professor of women's gender and
sexuality studies at Northeastern
University apparently that's a thing
defended mr. Vell noting that - val is a
leftist feminist and therefore should be
forgiving professor Walters wrote quote
academics should ask whether we are
truly committed to a culture that is
generous of spirit and open to debate
let's focus our hostility on the real
enemies of feminist queer and
marginalized lives unquote so it's good
to know professor Walters wants
academics
have a generous culture open to debate
as long as it's not generous or open to
debate
anyway the Journal of patiently o
pologize for their original apology and
a letter from the editor which read
quote as a white man who identifies as a
black woman who identifies as a gray
wolf who identifies as a white man and a
gray wolf costume I'm very sorry that I
was sorry for being sorry about the
thing I was sorry about before and I'm
now only sorry about the thing I'm
currently sorry about which is being
sorry unquote the editor then donned a
furry costume and howled at the moon I
hope you've enjoyed this little visit to
the world of academics and if you happen
to be a parent saving up for your
child's education you might want to
consider spending your money on
something more valuable like string or
one of those paintings of dogs playing
poker after all as the old saying goes
to err is human but these people are
idiots
trigger warning i'm andrew cleveland and
this is the andrew Clavin show
there's a renewed also singing should
shape tipsy Topsy lower the Zipit easing
it's so wonderful to see
alright I'm identifying his answer the
last day before the long long Clavin
this weekend right we've got a three-day
Claver this weekend we are actually
closed for Memorial Day I'm happy to say
but today we have rod dryer here from
the American Conservative he is the
author of a New York Times bestseller
called the Benedict option of strategy
for Christians in a post-christian
nation I wanted to talk to him for a
long time about this strategy and we
will do that meanwhile today I'm going
to be talking about a lot of stupid I
called the show death by stupid because
it's just been a lot of stupid going on
this week and so I want to start before
I get to the stupid I want to start with
something smart because one of the
things and one of the wonderful things
about capitalism is capitalism still
rewards you for being smart and if you
have a smart idea no matter who you are
you can still get it going and make some
dough and you know it's good because it
just means that you think hey here's
something I would like maybe somebody
else would would like this too and then
you have this free exchange they give
you money you give the product that's
how movement watches was born and this
it's called movement but they cut out a
lot of the letters it's M the M T M VMT
that's how you find it movement watches
and this is just a couple of college
kids who like me love expensive watches
and like me are cheap you know and it's
funny you know unless you've about
everything but I do love a beautiful
watch and I love a watch that really
looks good and works well but something
in me just will not you know there's
stuff I will spend money on you know
like a trip or something like that but
something about me won't let me spend
like a whole passel of money on a watch
so that is why MVM T is a great great
system it's a you know it's a website
the they're selling beautiful beautiful
fashion washes that start at just 95
bucks at an apartment store these in a
department store these things would cost
you 400 to 500 bucks but you're starting
at 95 at $95 go on the website just take
a look at them they're just beautiful
classic designs quality construction
styled minimalism is very cool
minimalist watches and they've already
sold over a million
watches in over a hundred and sixty
company countries today if you go on
there today you can get 15% off with
free shipping and free returns by going
to M V M t.com slash Andrew M V MT they
dropped all those letters I don't know
maybe they'll start another company with
the rest of the letters the watches
beauty look at them really it's a
beautiful clean design ever since I got
one I mean people always notice that
they always see it so you can step up
your watch game at an affordable price
at M V M t-dot-com slash Andrew
join the movement or join the many way
really take a look they're terrific so
so I call this show death by stupid
because I feel like I feel like the
people who are supposed to be smart are
idiots and the people who are supposed
to be dumb namely Trump and his team are
really doing very well I mean if you
asked me what the stories this week are
what are the big stories right because
it's totally different what you're
hearing in the news like I open the New
York Times today which I just do because
it feeds me satire I open the New York
Times I felt like there's no news
there's no news it's just nonsense the
big story this week as far as I'm
concerned obviously there's the
terrorist attack and I'll go back come
back to that but the really big story
this week is that Donald Trump has reset
American foreign policy in the Middle
East from stupid to smart that's that is
the story Trump went to Saudi Arabia and
you know it was very beautiful that he
went to these three places that that
house the there are headquarters to the
world's three great monotheistic
religions he went to Rome and met the
Pope and that way he said to the Pope he
was overheard saying to the Pope I'll
never forget what you said so I was
wondering like does the Pope give him
like a tip on a horse or something cuz
he's the Pope he probably knows this
stuff you know it's like the third in
Hialeah you know it's good but he went
to the you know the Pope and that was
great he went to the Wailing Wall and
his yarmulke and all this but it was
really what happened in Saudi Arabia
that changed the game because he went
there and it took me a while to really
kind of understand the whole depth of
what he did and it's obviously him and
his team but he assembled the Sunni
nations like 50 Sunni nations and said
look we will partner with you but if
this is a Islamic problem
got to start by dealing it with you we
will partner with you against Iran
because Iran because of Obama's
stupidity has become this huge monster
power in the region we will partner with
you against Iran we will sell you
weapons and help you fight but you got
to start taking care of your own house
you got to start going into these
madrasahs and stop stop teaching kids
this radical stuff so I think that that
was that you know it's an amazing thing
because all this time we were told
remember how we were told that it was
smart diplomacy now we had Obama we had
Obama who's gonna be smart diplomacy I
mean here is Donald Trump and his team
coming up with a genuine strategy we
can't we don't know yet you know how
obvious Lee how it's gonna work well the
Saudis step up all these things are open
questions but at least it's a smart
strategy it's a smart idea meanwhile
John Kerry former Secretary of State
under Obama right is giving a
commencement speech where he's making
fun of Trump because he's so smart and
here's his answer to terrorism just
infusing more weapons into the Gulf
states is not going to solve the problem
of a region that needs to create more
than 60 million new jobs in the next
decade alone it is to provide these
booming youth populations with a quality
education with skills for the modern
world with jobs that allow them to
actually build the life so so it's jobs
it's not that they don't have a motive
for killing they just want jobs it's
just there's little waste like those big
sad eyes they're just when they blow up
children in Manchester's just their
little way of saying we need a job you
know it's just their way of saying so
people you know anybody with any sense
this is the guy remember we were told
how smart how nuanced he was and what an
idiot Donald Trump is and meanwhile
Trump has come up with an actual
strategy in the Middle East or at least
his team has and John Kerry is still
peddling this nonsense
and when people buried their face in
their hands at John Kerry he defended
this is him defending himself
you know it's funny his voice goes up
when he gets upset you know anyway I
mean it really is an amazing thing and
then we have of course we have the story
in Montana we have to talk about this
because apparently a reporter for
they're having a congressional race a US
Congress race and the reporter for the
socialist newspaper The Guardian in the
UK went in to ask Greg Jian Forte the
Republican candidate what the something
about the health care the CBO's new
thing on that on the health care bill
and apparently it got violent
here's we have some video of the actual
confrontation and I want to know
anything from you I'll tell you
long-legged you want to call me there's
a manly state they don't get around so
here's Ben Jacobs describing this is the
Guardian reporters describing what
happened I've been trusting the campaign
for for two days first to import a
one-on-one and they told me that they
decided in the past by warrants and I
just want to figure he was standing
around there and just to reach out and
get his response to the CBO score that
he'd been talking about that he'd been
holding off his opinion on health care
at least on the son until he saw the CBO
score by one up and asked him about it
and should have said yes I said yeah
talk to talk to my communications first
I just followed up and said you know
you've been talking about this just
wanted to get your response and then he
should've said no I've had enough and
next thing I know I'm being body slammed
and he you know he's on top of me first
second my glasses are broken its
strangest strangest moment in my entire
life reporting so Leo's in Montana's
like when you asked me about the CBO
smile so he was charged they knew all
the newspapers withdrew their support
from from the candidate and he was
charged with a not a felony I think a
misdemeanor assault charge apparently
hitting your reporters now against the
law I didn't realize that no I'm
obviously I'm joking we do nuts grownups
we use our words we don't use our fists
I don't know what was going through this
guy's mind at all really I don't and
apparently it's a real story the fog
wheat the Fox News team was there so we
actually know it's real it's the
Guardian we wouldn't know what Fox was
there but let me just show you though I
mean obviously bad thing don't hit
people really you know I mean III
understand their frustration with the
press here is Don Lemon and I'm only
playing Don Lemon because he is
representative Joe Scarborough said the
same thing here's Don Lemon telling one
of his guests one of his guests says
this has nothing to do with Donald Trump
has nothing lemon can't believe that
anyone would even believe that he can't
believe anyone words would come out of
his mouth listen to lemon cutting off
his guests but my point is this Don we
have an issue going on right now where
people think they can do anything with
their fists and with their hands like
this candidate did and we and we have
people who think they can say anything
that they want to as well they are both
wrong and you don't you don't come on
Paris you don't think it has anything to
do with someone saying John if you're
trying to make a connection or a core
I'm not trying I'm telling you I'm
telling you I am I'm not trying saying
that can't believe that you believe the
words are coming out of your mouth
saying that because you feel that you
have to defend everything about this
particular person in office from have
anything to do with what this candidate
did let's hope there are horrible people
there the enemy of the American people
if you think that that doesn't have
anything to do with it then you are
sadly sadly mistaken my friend you know
not many people know this but Don Lemon
actually invented Chris Cuomo in a lab
because he was tired of being the
stupidest person at CNN I think that's
the only reason this guy I mean first of
all it's such a rude thing to do to your
guests you have the guy on to get his
opinion and then you tell him his
opinion it's not his opinion his opinion
must be your opinion or else you know
it's not even an opinion you can't say
but but you know these are the same guys
when in Berkeley these guys in
balaclavas beat up people because they
didn't want to hear their speech I
didn't hear anybody saying oh this is
Nancy Pelosi's fault this is Chuck
Schumer's well this is Barack Obama's
fault when five cops were killed in
Dallas after Obama had just spent day
after day after day berating the police
the Don Lemon ever come on and say
though the blood of those cops is on
Barack Obama's hands and yet somehow
because Trump fights back against these
bullies in the press because suddenly
the bullies met a bully who is as good a
bully as they are suddenly it's his
fault whenever some nutcase goes off on
a reporter come on I mean come on these
are the guys who were supposed to be our
experts our Intel you know they just
they are just want this narrative
they're gonna push it down your throat
no matter what they can do and I'll tell
you here's there's another store we're
gonna stay on Facebook yeah so you can
hear rod ray or who will be on in a
little while but first I want to talk
about I got to talk about something else
this is a true story I tell you a true
personal story I have I have many
foibles like everybody but one of them
is not personal vanity I'm an artist I
was never pay attention to how I look
you know people when people get angry at
me they always are like you know my
political opponents they would say
you're bald you know Wow
nope you know but but I did notice about
two years ago I noticed my teeth had
started to turn gray and this would
never happen before and I was like what
on earth you know and it just it bugged
me I have to be honest like people I get
my picture taken a lot and people want
to take their picture with me and I
would stop smiling you know so I went to
the dentist and I talked to the lady who
cleans your teeth and I said to her
because you know I had all that stuff in
my mouth and she said you have got to
get an electric toothbrush you know
because I was not using an electric
toothbrush and boy oh boy look you can
see it's just it have changed everything
these because these electric
toothbrushes now are so sophisticated
they come with timers they tell you that
you they help you to brush your teeth
longer
you use them at the right time you have
use them at you know quickly after you
have a cup of coffee or something like
that and they really work well so much
better than all that stuff you want to
put on the bleach and all that you can
use that sometimes but you just can't
keep using it all the time but but the
one thing about these electric
toothbrushes is that they are so huge
and so clunky that you can't travel with
them they have to constantly recharge
them and that's why they came up with
quip because quip has all the stuff you
want in an electric toothbrush but it is
so sleek and so beautifully designed if
you see it it just looks like you know
something that like Steve Jobs would
have invented to clean his teeth with it
he works on a triple-a battery so you
don't have to recharge it you don't need
all that stuff and it's just as really
good-looking and it comes with all the
stuff that you need with the timer and
all that and it starts at just 25 bucks
which for one of these sophisticated
toothbrushes is a really really good
price this thing won the Time magazine
Best Inventions of 2016 it won the 2016
GQ grooming award and it was on Oprah's
2017 New Year's olace so I mean all
these people are approving of it cuz it
really works and and you know one of the
other thing you have to do with these
toothbrushes you got to change the head
the brush head every three months and
who wants to remember that but with
these guys you can subscribe and receive
new brush heads on a dentist recommended
three month plan for just five bucks
including free shipping just the whole
package is really good right now go to
quick get quip dot-com slash Clavin que
la VA an always have to spell it
get quip comm slash Clavin to get your
first refill pack free with a quip
electric toothbrush that's your first
refill pack free and get quip comm slash
Clavin GE t qu IP comm slash Clavin
these things are really good and they're
good-looking too and so will you be
alright so back to this thing about this
just the incredible stupidity that is
being heaped on top of us you know there
was a story yesterday that I didn't talk
about because I wanted to confirm it I
got it kind of late and it's the story
about the FISA Court and how they
slammed Barack Obama's NSA for misusing
their intelligence basically for
violating American privacy protections
while scouring through overseas
intercepts okay and it this means that
any time they caught on with Americans
that were unmasking people and they the
FISA courts had rebuked the NSA about
this before and the NSA said oh yeah
well we've already changed all that and
they hadn't changed anything and now the
FISA Court came back and said this is a
serious Fourth Amendment violation so
here is the montage this came out a
couple days ago it's from circa website
called circa and here's a montage of the
networks covering this story but that
was the way they just didn't cover they
just did not cover New York Times didn't
cover and the reason it's important of
course is because this is one of the
things that the Trump administration has
charged Obama with is misusing this
intelligence now we know that we're
doing it Rand Paul says this is listen
how bad rand paul described us says this
is i've been concerned about this for a
long time and realized this is not just
a few people you think it's only people
that are calling a foreign leader or a
foreign person they're being picked up
if you mention a foreign person in your
conversation or in your email so if
anybody mentions the name assad in an
e-mail it's being gathered up and so it
isn't just communications with assad
it's communications about assad so we're
talking about millions and millions of
phone calls and emails that are being
gathered up and then being surged with
no sort of control over the privacy of
the american we call this a backdoor way
to sort of get at americans privacy
without using a warrant and i think it's
a terrible program in it so so what's
the story i mean this is this is a
bombshell story it's a big story i know
the story has been out before but the
fact that FISA came back and wrapped
their knuckles saying they hadn't done
anything about it
is a big story and the New York Times
headline is top Russian officials
discussed how to influence Trump aids
last summer who cares I mean it's that's
a story that is a news story but they
don't have any evidence that they
actually did it that anybody actually
colluded with them anything like that it
is just to keep this story going why
Trump is having such a success overseas
and it is this kind of overwhelming
stupid and you know I'll get back to
this again in regards to Manchester but
I want to bring on Rod Dreher first
because something something I really
want to talk to him about he's a senior
editor at the American Conservative he's
written and edited for just about
everybody New York Post National Review
Washington Times
he's been published in The Wall Street
Journal where I read him all the time
he's appeared everywhere and now he's
appearing here and has been profiled in
the New Yorker he wrote the New York
Times bestseller the benedict option a
strategy for Christians in a
post-christian nature nation and you can
find him on twitter at at ro d dr e h ER
Rod Dreher Roger there I'm here hey it's
nice to meet you how are you I'm doing
well thanks for having me on
that's a pleasure you know I've wanted
to talk to you along for a long time
because we talk a lot on the show about
a sort of cultural federalism about the
fact that if all our values are
collapsing everywhere maybe the only way
we can fight back is by kind of
establishing our own communities and
defending our own communities from the
onslaught of the federal government and
you've kind of put this in a Christian
context to some degree but I want to
start I want to start at the very
beginning with this because it's called
the Benedict option a strategy for
Christians in a post-christian nation is
this a post-christian nation
it absolutely is and by post-christian I
don't mean that there are no Christians
anywhere
clearly there are plenty of Christians
all over but I well I mean by post
Christian is that the nation doesn't
understand biblical Christianity as the
foundation for how we understand our
politics our morals and so on and so
forth if you look at the statistics that
sociologists have been bringing forth
about the Millennial Generation there's
been a tremendous fall-off in religious
identification even religious
understanding among that generation and
I think that we are headed straight to
the the secularism that is already
prevalent in Europe and Canada it's not
just me saying that Andrew it's to talk
sociologists of religion said that
America is no longer can no longer be
thought of as a counterexample to the
secularization thesis so what I propose
is that we
Christians and I'm a Christian myself
not panic about this but wake up and
realized the seriousness of the
situation we're in and take what I hope
will be effective measures to preserving
the faith in a hostile secular country
okay and I'm gonna get back to that in
just a second but before before I do
what why do you think this happened what
went wrong I mean it's so obvious it's
so obvious that our values our laws our
ideas are informed by Christianity I
mean one of the things that led me to
Christ was kind of understanding how
central it was to everything that I
believed was true and how it underpinned
that how do we lose that argument well
that's whole books have been written
about that but I think the key thing was
the Enlightenment which was a deliberate
attempt to sever the roots of Western
culture from Christianity or the sake of
liberating the individual now a lot of
the the men who founded the
Enlightenment the philosophers and so on
also men who founded our country were if
not Christians necessarily at least
deist and they recognized that there had
to be that the social water the
political order had to be rooted in
something transcendent for us this was
the Christian faith well two hundred two
hundred fifty years on we have depleted
that understanding and now we have come
to the point in our culture and even in
a lot of churches I hate to say where
our religion and our public ethos
worships the autonomous self and it's
yeah so this really interesting thing
there today someone had one of those
Google engrams where they go back and
search books to see over the past three
hundred years to see how many how often
certain words appear in those books the
words the word rites appears by four or
five times as often as the word duties
appears in books written since the
1960's what does that tell you yeah yeah
okay I'm and I'm no I'm taking you
through this slowly but I actually want
to get your whole vision here you know
what when you look at the country when
you looking at your daily life what do
you think the worst effect is of
having lost the underpinning of
Christianity what do you think the worst
effects what are the things what are the
things that bug you just you know real
life everyday things yeah well you know
it's I lived most of my life online
because I write for a living and and
that right there is a sign of modernity
too even though I tried to be a
traditionalist I'm as modern as anybody
else in that regard
but um my wife is a teacher and she
teaches in a Christian school and I
talked to a lot of different teachers
both in Christian schools and public
schools and the the lack of a moral
center among kids today the idea that
they believe that their purpose in life
is to be happy and that they are owed
certain things this is not the country
we started out in this is not the
country that my father who was born in
the 30s and who lived through the
depression this isn't the country he
helped to build but I think that there's
so many things not just the education
system but our entire consumer economy
and the consumerist ethos teaches us to
think that the purpose in life is to
freely choose the things that make us
happy not necessarily the things that
are right and this plays out in so many
different ways I'll tell you - this
might sound crotchety but I see it as as
a real problem for us going forward
every time I go to college is to speak
at Christian colleges - the number one
thing that the professors tell me that
they're struggling they see the kids
struggling with addiction to pornography
it comes through the smartphone's that
I'm seeing even in conservative
Christian communities parents handing
their kids yeah and they come they come
to think that this is part of the moral
ecology having access to to the
smartphones I see a lot of parents
undermining the sort of things that they
want their churches in the schools to
teach their kids but they're undermining
it themselves by this uncritical
acceptance of technology
yeah and I mean it really isn't
crotchety because it's not just a
question of saying you know oh that's
naughty it really is so destructive to
people and it's an addiction and they
destroy evil sex lives which is ironic
but there it is so what is what's the
Benedict option what does it mean
well this philosopher Alastair MacIntyre
contemporary philosophers
back in the 1980s that we in the West
have lost our moral Center and we have
this is why we are going further and
further apart he said that we are living
a lot like the late Roman times at the
time when the Roman Empire fell
interestingly enough Cardinal Ratzinger
just before became Pope Benedict said
the same thing anyway
MacIntyre said that we await a new and
doubtless very different st. Benedict
well who was Saint Benedict he was a
Roman Christian a layman who born around
the Year 500 who went down to the city
of Rome to get his education the Empire
had collapsed the barbarians were ruling
Rome he saw it was so decadent and
chaotic that he withdrew from the city
moved out to the woods and founded some
monasteries he didn't try to make Rome
great again or save Roman civilization
he just wanted to serve God in community
as best he could in very difficult times
two or three hundred years after he died
the spread of Benedict's monasteries had
helped our civil
preach the gospel to the barbarian
tribes to risa ville eyes western europe
and to lay the ground a the the
foundations for the refounding of
Western civilization what I say today is
we have to look aren't we Christians we
traditionalist Christians have to look
around at the chaos and the collapse
around us and start doing what st.
Benedict did we're not called to run pet
for the hills or bill monasteries we're
laypeople but we have to start
strengthening the our local communities
and churches and schools and and other
institutions to give ourselves the
strength to carry the faith and to carry
our the Western tradition through this
dark age of chaos that's coming upon us
what what does that look like in real
life I mean what what would you like to
see Christians doing exactly well in my
book the Benedict option I profiled
several different Christian various
Christian communities Protestant
Catholic and Orthodox Christian who are
doing forms of this I one my favorite
one the one that I think realizes it
most completely is an Italian community
in a city on the Adriatic they're all
Catholics very faithful Catholics but
they they they're not angry about it
you know they can read the signs of the
times and see how things are falling
apart but they also realize that they
have to come together as they've done to
build a school a classical school to
educate their kids they also come
together as a community for Bible study
for and also for events like sporting
events community gardening things like
that and they they are building the
thick community that they're going to
need to hold on to the faith amid all
these different currents of that's
separating us from each other and
families from each other and people from
their churches I think some form of that
not a
you can't you can't franchise this but
some form of that where we make the the
community about the church in most
people's cases but also schools
classical Christian schools and
neighborhoods the focus of our lives in
much the same way that Modern Orthodox
Jews do that will give us the strength
to go out into the world as we are
called to do without losing our moral
grounding and our faith elites that's
the hope that but but when you bring up
Orthodox Jews and they you know the
Amish and people like that who live in
communities that essentially reject they
sort of reject modernity itself which i
think is a hard sell because modernity
has so many wonders in it it really is
but part of it I actually believe is the
inheritance of Christianity that our
science and our cures and our you know
things that that we basically Christ
showed us we could do it you know if we
went forward so we don't want to lose
you know I personally don't want to lose
modernity in in making sure that I
preserve what's worth preserving right
you're right we can't lose modernity
because this is the the air we breathe
it's the water we swim in and I'm not
attracted myself to the life of the
Hasidim or the the Amish I mentioned the
modern Orthodox Jews who do are active
in the world and present in the world
but they live their lives in such a way
through through fasting through prayer
and through communal communal
identification that make them resilient
out in the world they could present
themselves as faithful Jews in the world
because the things they do in their
private lives and communally within the
Jewish community strengthened their
their identification as Jews I think
we Christians have a lot to learn from
them really interesting I'm out of time
but I want to ask you just one last
question do you think we are at the end
of the American Empire I mean or do you
think this is do you think this is the
fall wrong if you yeah I do I don't know
how long it'll take in true and it
doesn't make me happy to say that but I
don't see how we hold it together the
force is pulling us apart pulling us
away from our faith in our traditions
and each other are immensely strong and
III as a Christian I hope to encourage
my fellow Christians to do what it takes
to hold on and to survive this and not
only to survive this but to thrive in
the chaos that's to come and to help
others outside our communities to come
in so and to to find peace and light and
order and love and healing within the
churches that's really interesting Rod
Dreher of the American conservative the
author of the Benedict option a strategy
for Christians in a post-christian
nation find him on Twitter at our Oh DDR
eh er anywhere else people should look
for you at my blog at the American
Conservative calm and the American
conservative calm slash Andrea great rod
it's really nice talking to you I hope
to do it again it's great to be here
thanks Andrea thanks a lot like really
really interesting you know just I think
that this kind of as I say this kind of
cultural federalism is stuff we're gonna
have to be looking at as the as this
federal government continues to grow if
it indeed it does continue to grow if it
continues to grow and in true dinner
laughs I just want to end with one last
thing before the long Clavin --less
weekend begins going back to this
horrible this horrible attack in
Manchester I don't want to end on a low
note but I have to just talk about this
for a minute in the you know the British
security forces have acted with amazing
speed and intelligence and efficiency in
rounding up some of these guys and they
say they're looking at a network and
they're obviously had a lot of of ins to
this network for them to act so quickly
but it is amazing I mean I I could I
could do an entire show on the stupid
things that people say that you know
this just the incredible things that
come out
you know I don't care about the guy on
Twitter or the minor this or the minor
that but I'm talking about real people
who have influence with other people I
mean I there was this thing that Chelsea
Clinton was talking about the other day
this is number seven it's like it's all
this vague thing now here's a woman
who's almost certainly going to end up
running for something who knows which
Republican will beat her it'll be
somebody and just listen to the words
coming out of her mouth I mean listen to
the the pinna tea when I say death by
stupid this is what I'm talking about
this is a cut number seven to be able to
kind of carry multiple concerns in both
our head and our heart I'm just
listening kind of to the concerns around
education and climate change kind of
women's health you know child marriage
access to technology all of those are of
course interconnected we have to focus
on each of them kind of in their
interconnectedness and also is the
individual outrages that do demand our
attention Wow makes you think doesn't it
that's like it's amazing amazing stuff
that there's coming out of people's
mouths you know a lot of people made fun
of Katy Perry who came on and said oh we
got to coexist and no borders and every
and your fan base is my fan basin you
know Katy Perry is a pop star you know
so she has influence but like what do
you expect you know what do you expect
so she's a pop star so she's saying this
nonsense but what really got me was she
was on the show show with a the host of
the show she was talking on was this guy
named Elvis Duran and what got me about
what he said is I have heard this kind
of talk from people who are putative
intellectuals people who are supposed to
be our elites and our leaders I just
wanna he want you to hear Elvis Duran's
response to Katy Perry cuz it really is
amazing so once again something as
devastating as this actually has so many
wonderful things that come out of it
that's like I mean I will retire to
bedlam you know there's sort of
wonderful things
I wonder what wonderful thing is coming
out of her for the eight-year-old girl
whose life was ended you know what that
is is a failure to understand it's a
failure to understand that the people
who die in these atrocities are just as
real as you are
that their inner lives are just as
precious that the love the network of
love around them is just as precious as
everything you have and how would it
what would you think what would you
think if you were blown to kingdom come
and somebody said that's tough old Elvis
is gone but something really beautiful
has come out of it you know like what a
potted plant you know I mean come on you
know this is this is a genuine threat
this is genuine evil it means serious
people doing serious stuff Donald Trump
and you have heard me go off on Trump
and you've heard me like criticize him
even yesterday Donald Trump has actually
coming up with a strategy to fight this
we don't know if it will work yet but at
least as a strategy at least it is
putting aside what we had for eight
years which was stupid
it was stupid I don't care how nice his
suits were I don't care how well Obama
spoke I don't care what words you know I
don't care what colleges you went to
same is true of the knucklehead row that
is the op-ed page of the New York Times
we will die by this stupidity we will
die by the stupidity we need smart and
smart does not look like a good suit and
a good college education it looks like
smart it looks like using common sense
and logic to go forward let me end with
stuff I like always like the end with
music but this is something my son
Spencer sent me and I just I love the
words first of all this is a piece of
music by Edward Elgar who you know
because he wrote pomp and circumstance
oh he's getting played he's collecting a
lot of ASCAP fees right now but here's a
famous British composer for all for
those kinds of things but he's he's
smaller pieces
it's his smaller pieces that really this
is Torrance's number 11 yeah it's the
smaller pieces that are really very
beautiful and this is a very beautiful
setting to music of a poem by Henry
Wadsworth Longfellow one of the great
American poets what Hiawatha and all you
know all these things
but let me read you the lyrics to this
because you won't be able to hear them
in the as they sing necessarily here are
the lyrics from Henry Henry Wadsworth
Longfellow as torrents in summer half
dried in their channels suddenly rise
through the Scott though the sky is
still cloudless for rain has been
falling far off at their fountains so
hearts that are fainting grow full or
flowing and they that behold it Marvel
and know not that God at their fountains
far off has been rainy so just translate
that into non poetry what it means is
suddenly in the summer the rivers rise
even though it hasn't been raining
because the snow it's been raining up in
the mill mountains it's been snowing and
now the snow is melting and coming down
into the torrents and the same way when
you feel that your heart has that is at
its end when your courage is down when
your strength is down when your
endurance seems to be down God is doing
the same thing he is snowing at the
fountains that you don't see and that's
strength and that faith and that renewal
will come rushing down when the summer
comes have a wonderful Memorial Day I
will be picking necking so you won't see
me here it will be a long Clavin this
weekend let's hope we survive it
go meet again here on Tuesday I'm Andrew
Clavin this is the Andrew Clavin show
