as I always say everything is funny in
life except for other people's suffering
even evil itself would be hilarious if
it weren't for the fact it caused other
people to suffer for instance a group of
Islamic knuckleheads with stupid beards
who can't even look at the female half
of God's creation without becoming
disgusted with themselves in their own
natural yearnings would be the height of
hilarious absurdity if they would simply
solve the problem in the most rational
way by decreed that they themselves
aren't allowed to go outside without
wearing a blindfold
instead of annoying innocent women by
forcing them to hide their beauty under
black sacks what sense does that make
women whose lives are oppressed and
constrained by a culture wide sexual
neuroses are not funny
stupid bearded guys wearing blindfolds
and bumping into poles and tripping over
curb stones that's funny
after all if your eye offends you pluck
it out well let me pluck it out that
would also be funny likewise some
dithering son of a nefarious Islamic
dirtbag who feels his understanding of
sin and apostasy confers on him the
right to destroy the image of God and
humanity could create a situation with
amazing comic possibilities if you would
simply do the sensible thing and blow
himself to kingdom come
in the privacy of his own moral cesspool
without bothering the rest of us nothing
ruins a laugh more than blowing up other
people just because you happen to be an
Islamist knucklehead on the other hand
an Islamist knucklehead blowing himself
to pieces and some out-of-the-way place
would have a two-fold benefit one it
would provide us with a top-notch
chuckle fest and two it would blow up in
Islam as knucklehead which has to be a
good thing in and of itself if it
weren't for the suffering that caused
evil would be funny
in the same way slapstick is funny
because it shows us the noble creature
God made slipping on the banana peel of
what he was never meant to be if it
weren't for the suffering evil would be
funny because in our moments of loving
forgiveness we know exactly how
wondrously we are made while in our
moments of brutality and stupidity and
ugliness and Islamism but I repeat
myself we see the rig
Kilis worst of what we sometimes become
evil would be good comic stuff except
for the suffering all the same there is
evil somewhere everyday and suffering
somewhere every day and yet every day we
are tasked with the responsibility to
rejoice we rejoice because we know who
we are meant to be and we know that we
will someday become that again and we
know that in the end we will have the
last laugh
trigger warning I'm Andrew Clavin and
this is the Andrew Clavin show there's a
we we also say music is its accounting
role as it is if it isn't it
all right we've got the mailbag tomorrow
so be there you know we have gotten
letters seriously we have this is not no
joke we have gotten letters saying that
we have solved people's personal
relationships that we have led people
back to God in the mailbag that should
be it seems to me enough to get you to
spend the lousy eight bucks for a
subscription to The Daily wire so then
you can send your questions in to the
mailbag but but that's not enough we
have a new deal for you if you subscribe
annually we will send you Ben Shapiro's
new book which is call say it's so it's
basically that's the title is based on
you know the 1919 Black Sox scandal when
Shoeless Joe Jackson the reporter cried
out to him say it ain't so Joe well this
is called say it so because it is about
the season when the White Sox after
generations finally won and it's about
David and Ben ship is written by David
and bench Bureau and his dad David and
it's about they're following the team
and if nothing else it includes this
picture of Ben as well as a child you
can see that actually he wasn't spawned
he was actually a human being you know
that not many people know this but but
we you know between Ben shows we we keep
currently keep been under cryogenic lot
so he doesn't rampage through the
population but you know he actually is a
human being and the pictures of him as a
kid or good good stuff so anyway that is
for an annual subscription all right now
I don't I don't sleep at virtually at
all so a lot of times when people try to
sell you great sheets like the sheets
made by Boland branch they talk about
how they will help you get to sleep I
have no way of knowing whether that's
true not because I never sleep but oddly
enough that actually makes comfortable
sheets all the more important to me
because I know that I'm going to be
awake hours on hours on end reading and
thinking and talking to my imaginary
friend Bulldog and so you want sheets
like the sheets from Boland branch
because they are made of a hundred
percent organic cotton and they really
really feel differently you know how you
go to a hotel and sometimes a really
nice hotel meals
covers and say oh that's good why don't
I get that at home now you can because
not only are these things made of 100%
organic cotton they sell them only
online so they don't have all the retail
markup which means you're getting twice
the quality of sheets for half the price
they are really really comfortable and
weirdly enough they get more comfortable
as you wash them they actually get
better and better as they go along so
try them for 30 nights you can see for
yourself if you're not impressed you can
return them for a full refund that's how
much they are backing their sheets they
get virtually no nobody sends them back
because anybody who sleeps on bolin
branch sheets love them they have gotten
thousands of five-star reviews the New
York Times Forbes and the Wall Street
Journal rave about them and three u.s.
presidents have used Bolin brand sheets
so go to bolin branch comm today and you
will get 50 bucks off your first set of
sheets plus free shipping in the US when
you use the promo code Clavin i always
spell it so you don't get it wrong it's
KLA these and victor a and that's $50
off plus free us shipping right now at
Bolin branch calm that's spelled Bo LL
it's the seed plant for cotton bowl and
branch calm promo code Clavin Bolin
branch comm promo code Clavin you'll
love the way they feel and I can't tell
you to get to sleep because I haven't
been to sleep for I think it's 50 years
now so but but they feel great alright
we have got today we have got a really I
guess my friend Dean Batali he is a TV
writer he worked on the 70s show he
worked on Buffy the Vampire Slayer
remember I don't know if people remember
the half hour news hour which was Fox's
attempt to put some comedy on
conservative news he's now the
showrunner which is a big big deal he's
the you know we now we have to call him
mr. Batali before we just called him hey
J you know but now we have to go mr.
Batali is the show runner on the
hallmarks The Good Witch and he is the
author of watching TV religiously
television and theology and dialogue
with theologian Cutter Callaway and the
reason I want to talk to Dean and the
reason I want to talk a lot this week
about the culture and where we are with
the culture is because of things like
what happened in Manchester England
yesterday this children to me their
children killed watching
ariana grande grande concert I think
that the death toll now is a 22 but it's
whether it you know it only takes one
for it to be you know more than you can
bear you know as a thriller writer a lot
of times I don't do this as much as I
used to but I used to go to writing
conferences and you know fans would show
up and you would have panels panel
discussions about thriller writing and
you got be asked questions and one of
the most common questions I was asked
was why do you think that bad guys are
more interesting than good guys and I
would always say they're not it's just
that authors don't write good guys
honestly and they write bad guys
honestly and the problem the problem is
and this is just true in fiction and
it's not true I hope in my fiction and
I'll tell you why in a sec is that we
write bad guys with all their human
flaws intact but we think that good guys
are supposed to be good inside you know
we think if a guy is a faithful husband
for instance he's not supposed to have
pornographic thoughts about every other
woman that he sees we think if a woman
is a wonderful mom and a good wife that
she never has fantasies of walking her
kids in the closet and setting the house
on fire you know I mean all these things
that we take away we strip the good guys
of their of their natural you know their
natural human brokenness and their
natural human sin and they ceased to be
interesting the hero ceases to be
interesting because he's just a square
jawed Captain America type without any
flaws and a long time ago way back when
I wrote my novel true crime I realized
that I wasn't interested in writing
about bad guys I always say if you're
going to write a good thriller you need
a fascinating killer you need a
fascinating villain I thought well what
if I just have fascinating good guys one
of my good guys are revealed in all
their brokenness and all their trouble
and all their problems and I concentrate
on them and some of my books the true
crime as an example some of my books
don't even have bad guys in them they
really are just about what the good guys
are doing and how troubled they are and
how difficult they are because heroes
aren't heroes because they're good right
they're good because they're heroes
they're good because what they stand for
they things they actually the idea is
they actually stand for this is why
I used to despise Barack Obama when he
would talk about who we are you know who
we are it's like we're not anybody we're
the same as we're the same as the
Islamic killers we're no better than
them in our hearts we're better than
them because of what we represent what
we believe and how those beliefs died us
to behave and so the question you know
when the left whenever there's a
terrorist attack like this I always hear
them saying why do they hate us why do
they just like the clock who cares I
thought I could care less why they hate
us I care less what their religion is I
don't give a rat's what they think I
don't give a rat's what they believe I
don't care why they're doing what they
do all I care about is who we are and
what are we fighting for because you
cannot fight back unless you know who
you are and what you stand for if you
think of you think of it this way just
use a metaphor
all right think of yourself as a word
all right your body yourself your life
is a word that is meant or a sentence
maybe to express an idea you know ideas
have absolutely no material existence
right they don't exist in reality can't
put your hand on an idea you can't feel
it you can't touch it you can't eat it
and yet and yet the idea cannot exist in
life you only experience that idea when
certain physical things take place when
the brain works when the mouth works
when words come out when words are
written down on a page all those things
bring the idea into actuality right this
is kind of a an Aristotelian idea that
things don't become real until they're
embodied even though they exist before
they become what you would call real
okay so you are a sentence you are an
idea and what is that idea that you're
you're trying to express in all your
brokenness with all your lust and all
your grieves and all your dishonesty
what is it that you are trying to
express because we've lived in a time
you know that that Yeats poem the second
coming where he says the best lack all
conviction and the worst of full of
passionate intensity that is where we
stand today where these clowns or evil
losers as Donald Trump brilliantly
called them you know I feel like but
maybe we should play this cut for a
minute because you know you don't Donald
Trump you don't usually think of Donald
Trump and the phrase dommage used you
know the French phrase meaning the
perfect word
you know but this is like a classic
Trump because it is the justice mow you
know I mean I just nothin just me saying
it this movie Sue's used it is defining
juste okay this is his reaction to the
attack yesterday we stand an absolute
solidarity with the people of the United
Kingdom so many young beautiful innocent
people living and enjoying their lives
murdered by evil losers in life
I won't call them monsters because they
would like that term they would think
that's a great name I will call them
from now on losers because that's what
they are they're losers and we'll have
more of them but they're losers just
remember that I love it I mean Trump you
know the his opponents in the Republican
primaries found out how and in Hillary
Clinton as well found out how tough he
is when he starts to plant names on you
and how those names stick because they
they actually capture something true
about you and I think in doing this this
was really one of the best moments of
his presidency so far because he
actually did capture this thing that
they're not monsters they're not demons
they're not they're just losers they're
evil losers in life because the world is
going to go on without them and they are
going to be destroyed and it is
something that's happening it kind of
shows that Isis is on the run and one of
the reasons that Isis is becoming
dangerous in Western countries is
because they are on the run they're
losing their place in the Middle East
but here's the thing if we don't know
who we are we don't know what to fight
for we don't know what to stand for and
when a culture dies I recently read a
book about the death of the Soviet Union
and it was called nothing is true
everything is possible okay and that is
where the left wants us to be right now
nothing is true everything is possible
your gender is not your gender your
religion is not your religion your
traditions are wrong your religion you
know your Creed is wrong everything is
wrong you know we've been breeding women
hearing this stuff
the last couple of weeks maybe the Rebbe
the American Revolution was a mistake
and all this stuff
and you know you're a man no but you can
be a woman you can just wish it
everything's possible nothing is true
everything is possible you're white and
you want to be black so you can play the
victim card okay you're black you know
it's your only the only thing that's
holding you back a society there's no
actual limits to reality
and of course that's the opposite of the
truth reality has a nature reality has
its limits and there is such a thing
there's such a thing as absolute truth
now maybe we never get to it absolutely
but we know that that truth exists and
we can move toward it and every time I
say this I get letters I must have
gotten now somewhere between five and
ten letters telling me that I don't
understand the postmodernist and I have
read the post modernist I do understand
them and I really truly believe they are
wrong and people keep saying well Derry
died you know he doesn't say he says
that you know there are concepts that
that are that work their conventions
away you know it's just this
mealy-mouthed way of getting around the
fact that the world has a reality the
world has an author the author has a
nature that nature is our morality and
if you don't believe in in something if
you don't believe in something you end
up believing in nothing and you are easy
to destroy you become an easy target let
me tell you what I believe in okay what
I believe in is your freedom okay I
believe in your freedom because my
freedom is dependent on me my freedom is
dependent on my willingness to die to do
what I want and say what I believe okay
now if I don't have that courage then
that's that's on me but your freedom
depends on me and everybody around you
at the leave on your freedom to hate be
hateful and nasty and I believe in your
freedom to love your neighbor as you
love yourself I believe in your freedom
to be gay and I believe in your freedom
to think that being gay is immoral and
you don't want to cater a gay wedding I
believe in your freedom to do what you
want to do as long as you don't
physically impede the freedom of the guy
next to you and then and then when we
have that freedom right then the
argument begins and I believe in the
argument the argument used to be called
the great conversation that is all the
thoughts of Western Great Western
thinkers put together I believe in this
great conversation and the reason this
comes up is because of ariana grande II
okay
now I only know ariana grande obviously
I'm not the audience for ariana grande
and the only reason I know her is
because I've worked on these hotlines
for people who are suicidal a lot of
those people are teens a lot of times
you're talking to teenage girls and you
sort of try and make some connection yes
and what they're interested in a lot of
them were interested in ariana grande II
so I went on and watched her stuff okay
and I found it
what's what's the word I find it I find
it kind of trashy I found it selling
this version of little girls sexualizing
little girls dressing in this in this
very garbagey way you know kind of
putting putting forward an idea to
little girls that their sexuality is
meant to be kind of this raw almost you
know I don't to use the word submissive
but just kind of like you know come and
get me Here I am kind of sexuality that
actually it does have a kind of raw
appeal but also is puts puts people off
as well and it may not be the best way
to live your life now ariana grande is
not an evil person right she she may be
doing something that I disapprove of but
you only have to compare her to the
people who blew up her concert to know
the difference right if if ariana grande
could fill a theater singing Irving
Berlin songs that's what she'd be
singing is the culture that is that
creates her it's not she who creates the
culture and only in freedom in Liberty
can we argue about these things and win
because you know the thing is if you
force a woman to put on a bag over a
head I believe that womanly modesty is a
good thing if you're force a woman to
put a bag over her head that's not
modesty it's not modesty unless you
choose it I believe that men should
exhibit honor and chivalry but it's not
learned chivalry if you force them to do
it or kill them if they don't it's you
have to choose it love is not love
unless you choose it and faith is not
faith as if you unless you choose it and
that's why I don't believe in blasphemy
laws that's why I don't believe in
apostasy I believe in the great
conversation of Western thought okay and
that is what we are trying to defend and
that is what the left you know people
always wonder why do they why does the
left give quarter to these Islamists
it's because they both have the same
enemy you know your enemies enemies your
friend that is what the left wants to
destroy that is
your professors will not teach you your
college professors will not teach you
about Plato about Aristotle although
teachers is their theory about these
things they are feminism their race
theory they will not let you read
Shakespeare without imposing their ideas
on them because both the Islamists and
the leftists are trying to destroy the
same thing this freedom that we have to
have this great conversation and find
our way and work our will do we have do
we have Dean online ok well let's let's
bring Dean battalion he is a as I said a
TV writer he worked on That 70's Show
Buffy the Vampire Slayer the half-hour
news hour which I have to mention
because I really enjoyed it and he's
currently the show runner on hallmarks
good which which as I said means we
sometimes have to call a mr. Batali and
he is the author the co-author of
watching TV religiously television and
theology in dialogue with the theologian
Cutter Callaway you there Dean there is
I am how you doing it's it's kind of its
kind of you know it seems like two days
ago I was talking to you in a bar and
now I'm talking to you on this weird TV
thing it's kind of a strange experience
that's correct
you know they say in show business you
should never follow children or animals
I'd like to add to that post-modernism
discussions by Andrew Clay's
instructions to the top yeah because
well there you go you're in good shape
is now everyone's asleep right it was
like to me I mean I got to dairy
diglossia so so the reason I brought you
on is because you are a culture warrior
and you are a guy you have worked I mean
these are these are big shows Buffy in
the 70 show and and now doing the good
which which is essential you know I
drive to work every day I see this
enormous billboard for the for the Good
Witch and I'm envious and I you know it
makes me enrage but but what is it let's
start with how bad do you think the
culture is I mean how far along do you
think we are on the road to falling down
well first of all I have to say what a
lifelong dream is to be on the Andrew
Klavan shop that makes me think I need
to give different life of some kind
different real right yeah I you know
there's a friend of mine makalu Gemara
who's an artisan he talks more about
Chris about culture care rather than
being culture war
and cultivating the culture in a way
participating more making it being smart
as we consume it look I think that our
culture is generally damaging I actually
think I've worked on shows that are
damaging to our culture not because of
the occult of Buffy the Vampire Slayer
but because of the meanness of the
characters on that 70s show you know I
had no problem with the show being about
sex drugs and rock and roll I'm very
much in favor of two of those three
things within their proper youth but I
just think I'm more concerned about how
mean people are to each other and also
the lack of diversity in our culture in
television and film especially not
racial or gender diversity but worldview
diversity diversity of thought
characters who express my our worldview
I mean I I won't say that yours and my
worldview exactly the same because I
can't get that far to the right but you
know that there's a part me that wants
to see people like us discussions like
we have in bars and at our homes on
television in fiction in film you are
talking about blue bloods the other day
and how they were doing something about
gay marriage I think and you never had
the actual argument that would have been
on the other side which is what makes
great drama right and great tell write
them so that's what I miss is seeing
people represented like I mean I came to
Hollywood I'm Christian I came to
Hollywood cause I wanted to see
Christian characters represented and
that's my frustration with the cultures
we don't see that diversity so I think
and it's getting yeah I'm not sure it's
getting better or worse in terms of I
feel like it's actually getting farther
away I feel like we're getting kind of
you more pushed off off the airway well
how bad is it in on the inside you know
people on the right or always just just
feel that Hollywood is the enemy that
they hate them that you know they're out
to get them and all this stuff true or
false
maybe I don't know if they're out to get
us so much as they have no idea who we
are and are very suspicious of us you
know I hate to pray Ben Shapiro on your
show yeah really he was bright yeah
his book primetime propaganda was really
great investigative journalism that
really you know it when you have the
showrunner a friend saying I don't know
why a conservative would want to write
on this show and I'm thinking well for
the hundreds of thousands of dollars
that I could then donate to conservative
causes
but there's just a lack of understanding
of who we are why we would want to be
engaged their assumptions about people
of faith and conservatives you know the
Baskervilles Horrible's comment is what
most people in Hollywood that I've met
feel about conservatives and again it's
not because they're evil horrible people
they might be according to you but it's
because they don't really know many of
us and going to have conversations with
us so I've been in the writers rooms and
I get you know I get told things like
I'm so glad I know you cuz I know that
all Christians aren't freaks now and
I'll be defecting you know a
conservative point of view or a
religious point of view it just isn't
offended if I'm not there I mean I think
I do believe that most of the people in
Hollywood that I meet are really lovely
people but they have never met anybody
like either one of us but I mean you
know you have a something like this the
last man standing got canceled and you
know people on the right wing knots and
I thought like how much of that how much
of that is an economic decision because
what show was a hit and how much of it
is a political look it might be 10%
political okay um it's really more
economic there was a there's a weird
phrase in the car it's a 20th Century
Fox produced show on a Disney owned
Network and by the time it got to season
6 or 7 7 the contract clicked in so that
Disney would be paying the entire
production fee for the show so basically
Disney is printing money for 20th
Century Fox that's what happened look at
the thing that's more you know whether
Hollywood is run by economics or
worldview and I do think that it's run a
little more by worldview the problem is
that nobody in Hollywood ever go into a
party and hears these words oh I love
laughing man standing my family and I
watch it all the time they're talking
about them you know Modern Family or
other shows and they want affirmation
this is just high school for rich angry
smart people we just want affirmation
for who we are because our mothers
didn't love us enough and our you know
we didn't get kissed enough you know I
always try to explain this to
conservatives that artists work for love
you know and they cannot you know they
think like loves that is there a dollar
bill with that you know just because
because of people never will don't you
know Kay the other side of that story is
that the real O'Neill got canceled at
the same time that last man standing in
the realist deal Neil's was one of the
most anti-christian anti-cancer value
shows on the air and now that's gone so
I celebrate that more than I'm upset
that Last Man Standing okay
so now here let this is the part where
we get a little bit into the high weeds
because one of the things that always
bothers me in talking to my fellow
Christians about the culture is I think
well what what would you like to see I
oh I sometimes get the feeling they want
to see a world of g-rated films there
where nobody really has sex and where
everybody who has sex gets punished
where the Christian is happy and the
non-christian is unhappy and they want
to see a world that in no way reflects
the world that I see in front of me
which simply is not art I mean I say
this because of all these movies that
that Christians love like you know God
is not dead and yeah you know the war
room and all these these films that make
a fortune no matter how badly they're
made and so I guess what I want to ask
you is what is your end game look like
if if tomorrow you could wake up and you
think Oh deem you won the culture what
would that culture look like well I've
already won the culture because I'm on
the Endor clayvin so that's the one life
that's certainly winning life that's oh
yeah right now it's seeing characters
look I I I've said this before I'd like
to see as many Christian characters on
television as there are gay characters
and actually we're starting to catch up
but what we don't have is actually
Derrick ters so I want to see character
look I think hacks are Ridge and Cylons
are really interesting and that's the
kind of movies that I'd like see made
Christians who actually utilize their
faith not not arguing about things and
standing the grounds but actually living
out their faith as they have as happens
in silence and Hacksaw bridge it's
happening on TV shows like the Americans
where the daughter is Christian it would
happen on a show called rectify where a
guy got actually got baptized was trying
to be a better person that's what I want
to see it's a little easier to talk from
a faith perspective because I want to
see characters of faith from a concern
respective it's a little more difficult
to say well what would that look like
you know I you know you can look like
you can look at the Lord of the Rings
and look at that as kind of a pro pro
war movie there are things worth
fighting for but for me from a faith
perspective is just I want to see as
many characters of faith as there are in
our culture church-going people 40 50
percent whatever it is on television
living their lives well you know it
frustrates me that I've never seen a
show about a hospital chaplain or a
police chaplain you know and all these
shows with death and destruction and
there's never walking up
I'd like to talk about God that's what's
missing I think that is amazing I mean I
I noticed many many years ago even
before I became a Christian I noticed
that nobody ever said grace in the
movies you know I felt like how many
people most people I think say something
you know that night or said you know
before dinner and like nobody is it yeah
they do this on fasting appearance
almost every effort of every fast
mysterious movie ends with them sitting
around a table and joining hands to say
to say a prayer and they do it on Blue
Bloods and glucan I just think it's more
present you know it doesn't have to be
front and center it's just if you have a
character of seven people shouldn't one
or two of them about be a Christian on
this show this is us where's faith I
mean it's kind of way in the background
why aren't people actually live out
their faith again mixing it up the way
the way it happened in culture one of
the things that I hear from well I deal
with with Christians all the time I mean
I get this letter I you know went up
from my books you know you call yourself
a Christian that you call yourself a
Christian Lord I must I should keep a
file of them you know that because my
character I've sent a couple that I know
I know it's you it's all you I think
it's but I mean you know they you know
they don't like my characters curse so
my bad guys are bad that my good guys
are bad they don't like any of this
stuff and one of the things they say is
well if if we become if we speak in the
culture such that we reach the people
who need to hear us don't we also
degrade ourselves at the same time they
feel like they're in a dilemma that they
become the culture if we have a
Christian singer who dances around
scantily clad like ariana grande you
know aren't we essentially debasing
ourselves even while we're reaching more
people I mean do you have an answer to
that is there something is there what
you feel I don't know that's probably a
longer conversation there's the
difference between degradation
compromise and sin so I get accused of
compromising because I've worked on that
70 show I've taken Hollywood manna
okay well Daniel had to work for the
diviners and the and the witches when he
was running the King Nebuchadnezzar's
Court maybe he compromised and taking
that job he would've been killed if he'd
take that job but the challenges did he
sin I mean like we got to mix it up Paul
knew the culture Paul if you read what
Paul knew about the culture he went into
places where not a lot of religious
people went to like libraries and other
config
and what's up on the culture completely
and I think we have to be and look in
order to talk if you're going to talk to
certain people got to talk to certain
way I don't know I think God's a little
more concerned with our behavior than
our language and I think there are
limits I've Turner earned down jobs
there are certain things I won't write
but you know I always say that I think
the most Pro abstinence movie ever made
and Hollywood is the 40 year old virgin
it should be shown in church and say to
pupate long enough it's worth it ha but
it's a movie that full of bestiality
jokes and all sorts profanity but it
makes more of a point than any Christian
made film I've ever seen yeah yeah I
mean I did there are things I won't
write and in jobs I've actually you know
turned down but it's always about it's
always about where the heart of the
movie lies for me I mean I've seen I've
seen slasher movies as long as the guy
is the heart of the movie is with the
victim I'm all right but I write slasher
movies with the Hartley's actually with
the slasher and with the cheap thrill of
that and that really does put me off so
yeah so looking at a fourth are you
hopeful I mean you're probably one of
the least hopeful people I've ever met
and so I think I cast this trying
comparing you waving it's a sliding
scale oh yeah do you feel I mean like I
was just talking I don't know if you
heard this part I was talking before you
came on about a book I read about the
fall of the Soviet Union and it was
called I can't remember everything is
possible nothing is true or nothing is
true and everything is possible but but
the point was that you know as things
unraveled the truth vanished
you know the limits of reality sort of
seemed to disappear and everything just
fell apart do you think that's where
we're headed or do you think there will
be a reclamation do you think we will
have a revival in this country at least
of the idea of truth and and God
possible well I don't see a lot of
evidence for it but I guess that shows
me to be pessimist I am you know a
Tolkien said by birth I'm a pessimist
but by conviction and optimist now do
I'm going to prize for quoting Tolkien
on the and relationship yes you do I
said the lines oh of course I should
think about that I also see where
humanity in the universe I'd look where
I think the Bible says we're heading you
know I'm not
so optimistic on that level I am
optimistic that more people of faith and
more people of more conservative the
libertarian worldview are okay we
thought we would as a mission field or a
culture place to be you know to
cultivate to care for culture we need
more people there and I think if we
start you know making these kind of
movies putting these getting these
characters on the air then Hollywood
might see it as a marketplace out there
and put aside the worldview because the
writing money tonight but I am you know
I'm in the middle on this I'm not quite
as pessimistic as you might think I am
I'm not as optimistic as you are but I
think that the solution is to care for
the culture cultivate it be a part of it
not complain so much about it find the
good and praise it and make even better
good stuff well I will I will let you
leave it there Dean Batali the author of
watching TV religiously television and
theology and dialogue I expect a free
copy to win a free copy of vibrant
unlike most being the wire guess my
because word in it we disapprove we
disapprove of that but it's good to see
the event again but thank you all right
that's that's really interesting I you
know he was starting to break up I
actually wanted to ask him about his
book but I'll bring him back on and talk
to about it later
I do think I do think this is an
interesting moment because you know the
the thing is on the on the one side you
have this the idea of our identity
falling apart that we're supposed to be
in love with diversity but not supposed
to have an identity that unites us which
is nonsense and on the other side you
have these guys these white supremacists
and Western supremacist who basically
become jingoistic and violent and and
stodgy you know they become stuck in
their idea of what the West is and
that's why I plonk always for liberty
over everything because I think the
through Liberty through ordered liberty
you can get to righteousness where it's
harder to get it's harder to get to
Liberty from righteousness than it is to
get to righteousness from Liberty I
think but maybe but look you know I
would go any way I could get there to
get to that that freedom I have to just
say before we turn to stuff I like I
have to give Trump props for that the
hilarity of watching him
come to Israel and the joy that the
Israelis had and not having Barack Obama
anymore I thought that Benjamin
Netanyahu is going to have to change his
name to Benjamin Netanyahu I think he
was so happy this is this is what he
said play planes cut for I just love
this gun we had a terrific discussion
today and when I say terrific it
encompasses everything we could talk
about deregulation we could talk about
economics I think we quote each other we
understand each other and so much of the
things that we wish to accomplish for
both our countries but I want to thank
you especially today for your deep
commitment to Israel's security its
well-being and its future I have no
doubt that as we work together you and I
the alliance between our countries will
grow ever stronger I want you to know
how much we appreciate the change in
American policy on Iran which you
enunciated so clearly just an hour ago I
want you to know how much we appreciate
your bold decision to act against the
use of chemical weapons in Syria and I
want to tell you also how much we
appreciate the reassertion of American
leadership in the Middle East
ouch the reassertion was a reassertion
of what was what was missing there Bibi
oh yeah I was eight years of being
stabbed in the back you know just like
Glee the Glee in his voice he said when
he said oh we we quote each other it was
like his love affair I mean this this is
if you could have listened to
Netanyahu's mind it would have sounded
like this
I just never see the guys like Benjamin
Netanyahu anyway stuff I like all right
we're doing Memorial Day stuff I like
because I think I feel there are so many
great war movies and so many war movies
that they make nowadays that reflect
back on the past in a in a false way and
I want to just if you've never seen
Sergeant York it is considered one of
the classic films the American Film
Institute makes it one of his hundred
most inspirational American movies and
they call Alvin York one of its top 50
heroes in American cinema Alvin York was
a real guy he was a pacifist he had
lived the kind of rowdy life and then he
found God and he didn't want to go to
World War one this was but he went to
World War one and became one of the most
decorated American soldiers of the war
and this was directed by Howard Hawks
and Gary Cooper plays sergeant York and
he won the Oscar for it it's it's a
little clunky it's an old old movie 19
its 1941 but it feels a little older
than that maybe because of its setting
but here's just a scene where sergeant
York explains why he changed his mind
why he stopped being a pacifist there's
something that I'd like to know yes sir
that night that you reported back to me
at Camp Gordon you as much as told me
that you are quite prepared to die for
your country but not to kill
what made you decide to change your mind
well sir of course if you'd rather not
tell me what quit all right well I'm as
much again killing as ever sir but it
was this way colonel
when I started out I felt just like you
said but when I hear them machine guns
are going and all them fillers are
dropping around me I figured that them
guns was killing hundreds maybe
thousands there weren't nothing anybody
could do but to stuff them guns that's
what I've done you can tell me that you
did it to save lives yes sir
that was why
New York what you just told me is the
most extraordinary thing of all so I
want to compare that to hacksaw bridge
and I don't want to knock ax or Ridge I
think it's a good movie but not a great
movie and I think it didn't do as well
as everybody who made it expected it to
make Mel Gibson's a terrific director
it's war scenes are really powerful it's
acting is is terrific it's and it's
about world war 2 of Desmond das is a
was a guy who didn't want to carry a gun
a seventh-day Adventist even want to
carry a gun he was a pacifist but he
ended up saving so many lives through
his sheer raw unbelievable courage
unbelievable courage and I think the
problem the thing that undermined the
film more than anything else was that
his position didn't make sense his
position was I'm not going to carry I
will go into war into battle and but I
won't carry a rifle and the problem is a
sergeant New York is right sometimes a
rifle saves lives sometimes killing
saves lives and what I think is I think
kind of got people in the back of their
minds was that all you're doing when you
don't carry a rifle into a into war is
you're preserving your own righteousness
you're not doing the righteous thing and
I think one of the things that God calls
upon us to do sometimes is set aside our
own righteousness for his righteousness
and that's why I feel that the sergeant
New York is a terrific film and hacks
our Ridge is a good watchable film but
not a great film and I think that it
once again it brings us back to the fact
that reality has parameters it has
limits when you are in a battle the way
you save lives is by killing the people
who are taking lives the way you save
lives is by winning the war us
presumably you're fighting war in the
first place to save the lives of the
people around you and the values of the
country that you love and so I just
think that that we've lost this sense
that like we saw in Saving Private Ryan
a little bit in tacks or Ridge we've
lost the sense that reality has
parameters and more morality has
parameters these parameters are
absolutely real they are absolutely real
they are not relative they're not you
know fuzzy they're absolutely real
we may not see them clearly we may never
be able to reach the wall of reality of
course we can't we're only these little
worm
Crawley's ants crawling around on the
anthill we don't have the mind of God
but to know that it's there to know that
the great conversation is the way we
approach the edges of reality by half
steps to know that freedom is the way
that people can blossom and become fully
who they are and therefore help us in
our disagreements and in our in our
tolerance of one another to get to make
those half steps toward the wall that is
the whole thing that we're fighting for
that we're standing up for and it is the
whole reason these people who kill in
the name of what they think is God but
we know as the ancient enemy of
humankind why they are indeed evil
losers because in the long run in the
very long run they will indeed lose as
evil itself will lose I'm Andrew Clavin
this is the Andrew Clavin show the
mailbag is tomorrow get your questions
in now we will answer them all answers
are guaranteed a hundred percent correct
and will change your life possibly for
the better so we'll see you that
