today we confront the questions so
terrifying that no one else in the
entire country has dared to ask it what
if everything is fine
that's right everyone in his mother and
even your mother has seen the internet
meme in which a dog sits drinking coffee
in a burning building and then says this
is fine but as shocking as it may be to
contemplate is it at least possible that
an internet meme is not a reflection of
actual reality in fact is it possible
that the truth is exactly the opposite
of the meme maybe in real life the dog
is sitting drinking coffee in a
perfectly pleasant environment and then
suddenly starts shouting fire when there
is no fire
there's just coffee and a dog ever since
Donald Trump fired James Comey reporters
and commentators on both the left and
the right have been using words like
crisis disaster and debacle but what if
when the President of the United States
decides to fire someone who serves at
his pleasure it's not a crisis it's just
Tuesday journalists keep telling us that
it's a big story but ask yourself this
is it a big story in your life does it
raise your taxes or weaken your system
of government does it even undermine an
ongoing FBI investigation is it possible
this is just a big story in the gossip
mill of Washington DC but for the rest
of us everything is fine
in fact maybe the entire election of
Donald Trump is like this
Trump's an offbeat character with a
tendency to tweet himself in the foot
from time to time but he doesn't seem to
be violating any of the basic principles
of American governance checks and
balances are still working Democrats are
still dishonest Republicans are still
incompetent with the exception of all
the hysteria and the media everything's
pretty much the same as it's always been
is it possible that even after the
election of Donald Trump everything is
basically fine but you might say but if
I'm the leftist and I'm terrified about
the make-believe climate crisis or
Trump's make-believe fascism or all the
make-believe oppression confronting
Americans with no real problems take a
look around you lefties are the people
who are telling you to panic panic
themselves Al Gore is still making
long-term investments Keith Oberman and
Charles blow aren't in hiding and all
those Hollywood celebrities who promised
they were going to flee to Canada
they're all still here sure there are
lots of predictions of coming disaster
but a prediction of disaster is not a
disaster it's not even an event it's
just a guy saying stuff about the future
who doesn't know any more about the
future than you do predictions of
disaster make the predictors seem
important and they're a good way to make
you panic so you'll give the predictors
prestige power and money but look around
you look at yourself how's life going
are you a dog drinking coffee shouting
fire stop shouting fire and ask yourself
what if everything is actually fine
trigger warning
I'm Andrew Clavin and this is the Andrew
Clavin show
