Democrats who called for the firing of
FBI director James Comey are shocked and
appalled by the firing of FBI director
James Comey the Democrats say that
commis firing will undermine the
investigations for which he should have
been fired in order to examine which
Democrat claims are cynical political
fabrications and which are hysterical
conspiracy theories and which are
cynical political hysterical theories
about fabricated conspiracies let's
examine which investigations might be
affected the FBI as we know is
investigating whether the Trump campaign
colluded with the Russians to expose the
Democrats emails the Senate meanwhile is
investigating whether the Obama
administration investigated the Trump
campaign for the collusion that the FBI
is investigating the Judiciary Committee
is investigating why the Attorney
General failed to investigate Hillary
Clinton's attempt to avoid the FBI
investigation into the Attorney
General's failure to investigate her
emails to the Democrats which the
russians hacked in an attempt to
interfere with our election which the
senate is investigating in an attempt to
find out if the Trump campaign colluded
with the Russians hack of the Democrats
emails which the FBI is investigating to
see whether the Obama administration was
investigating the Trump campaign the
House Intelligence Committee is
investigating whether the House
Intelligence Committee overstepped its
bounds in investigating the Obama
administration's attempts to use the
intelligence community to investigate
the Trump campaigns collusion with the
Russian hat into the Democrats emails
which the FBI is investigating in order
to find out whether the House
Intelligence Committee overstepped its
bounds in investigating the Obama
administration the head of the House
Committee meanwhile has stepped down
pending an investigation at the same
time many in the press are investigating
why the press never investigated the
Obama administration's investigation of
the Trump campaign but continues to
investigate the Trump administration's
investigation into whether the Obama
administration investigated the Trump
campaign which is now under
investigation in the Senate causing
several investigators to call for an
independent investigation into the house
investigation of the Senate
investigation of the Trump
administration which is meanwhile
investigating the Obama administration
which was on a yacht in the Bahamas that
I'm dancing to the musical stylings of
Drake's hotline bling' mr. Drake is not
currently under investigation
now to be clear an independent
investigation into the Senate
investigation of the house investigation
of the Obama investigation into the
Trump campaign could expand the
investigation into an investigation of
Russia's investigation of the emails
that were under investigation by the FBI
which wasn't turn under investigation by
the NSA who have been investigating
everybody in a surveillance program
that's still under investigation
if that were to happen there would no
doubt be calls for a full investigation
into all the other investigations so
it's easy to see that the firing of
James Comey will have to be investigated
to ensure it doesn't in any way curtail
the important business of government
which is investigating just thank the
government's not actually governing then
we'd all be in real trouble
trigger warning I'm Andrew Klavan and
this is the Andrew Clavin show
