Democrats who called for the firing of
FBI director James Comey are shocked and
appalled by the firing of FBI director
James Comey the Democrats say that
commis firing will undermine the
investigations for which they said he
should have been fired in order to
examine and examine which Democrat
claims are cynical political
fabrications and which are hysterical
conspiracy theories and which are
cynical political hysterical theories
about fabricated conspiracies
let's examine which investigations might
be affected the FBI as we know is
investigating whether the Trump campaign
colluded with the Russians to expose the
Democrats emails the Senate meanwhile is
investigating whether the Obama
administration investigated the Trump
campaign for the conclusion that the FBI
is investigating the Judiciary Committee
is investigating why the Attorney
General failed to investigate Hillary
Clinton's attempt to avoid the FBI
investigation into the Attorney
General's failure to investigate her
emails to the Democrats which the
russians hacked in an attempt to
interfere with our election which the
senate is investigating in an attempt to
find out if the Trump campaign colluded
with the Russians hack of the Democrats
emails which the FBI is investigating to
see whether the Obama administration was
investigating the Trump campaign the
House Intelligence Committee is
investigating whether the House
Intelligence Committee overstepped its
bounds in investigating the Obama
administration's attempts to use the
intelligence community to investigate
the Trump campaigns collusion with the
Russian hacking to the Democrats emails
which the FBI is investigating in order
to find out whether the House
Intelligence Committee overstepped its
bounds in investigating the Obama
administration the head of the House
Committee meanwhile has stepped down
pending an investigation at the same
time many in the press are investigating
why the press never investigated the
Obama administration's investigation of
the Trump campaign but continues to
investigate the Trump administration's
investigation into whether the Obama
administration investigated the Trump
campaign which is now under
investigation in the Senate causing
several investigators to call for an
independent investigation into the house
investigation of the Senate
investigation of the Trump
administration which is meanwhile
investigating the Obama administration
which is on a yacht in the Bahamas at
the time dancing to the musical stylings
of Drake's hotline bling' mr. Drake is
not
the under investigation now to be clear
an independent investigation into the
Senate investigation of the house
investigation of the Obama investigation
into the Trump campaign could expand the
investigation into an investigation of
Russia's investigation of the emails
that were under investigation by the FBI
which wasn't turn under investigation by
the NSA who have been investigating
everybody in a surveillance program
that's still under investigation if that
were to happen there would no doubt be
calls for a full investigation into all
the other investigations so it's easy to
see that the firing of James Comey will
have to be investigated to ensure it
doesn't in any way curtail the important
business of government which is
investigating thank the government's not
actually governing then we'd all be in
real trouble
trigger warning I'm Andrew Klavan and
this is the Andrew Klavan show
all right it's mal back there all your
problems solved right here and if you
subscribe to the daily wire comm you can
be in the next mailbag and leave your
questions and then climb out of the
mailbag and go home
now those of you who are watching that
opening I know you were all thinking the
same thing you were thinking how does
that guy look so fantastic I mean good
got the muscles the body on that guy and
the answer is Beachbody on command
Beachbody uncommanded jr. Jonathan hey
our producer Jay a is using this himself
right and and he you can't see him but
he actually no longer wears a shirt to
work he just comes in look in his
bathing suit and just kind of flexes a
lot and it's a little embarrassing but
but it's that easy to exercise with this
all you got to do is you you're
basically downloading an app and you can
put it on your Apple TV right but put it
right on the TV wake up press the button
there it is you get access to over six
thousand dollars of the most effective
fitness and nutrition programs that are
that have ever been created from
world-class super trainers proven to
deliver amazing results this platform is
the largest community of its kind
dedicated to helping people truly
achieve their goals and this is not just
like you know some weird exercise
program these are familiar brands like
p90x I have done that and I have to tell
you is serious serious business insanity
21-day fix extreme t25 three week yoga
retreat all this different stuff plus
nutritional advice in all kinds of ways
to keep track of your progress as you're
going forward and so what you want to do
is you just you download this thing and
then you it's just it's a much smaller
price that you get this incredible array
of programs and then you can keep track
of everything you're doing and you
decide what you need you know do you
have to lose weight or do you want to
get in shape for a wedding or do you
just want to improve your fitness
especially great by the way if you're
traveling which I do a lot and you can
just have it with you all the time and
and and wonderfully we are now offering
it to our listeners for we give you a
free 30
membership so you can try it out which
is really worthwhile right if you try it
out you get to see how well it works
here's what you do you text Andrew to
300 300 300 Andrew to three oh three oh
three oh and you get a full 30 days of
access to this entire platform it really
is amazing Beachbody on demand just an
amazing array of exercise programs I've
used it Jay Hayes is using it and it's
just it's just really great to stay in
shape all right so should we all be
hysterical and run around with our hair
on fire you know I'd left my hair at
home but you know I would set it on fire
to react to the firing of James Comey I
mean I just I have to say it is
ridiculous that the Democrats who have
been just excoriating this guy are
suddenly shocked and appalled you know
I'm shocked shocked mr. Trump to find
that you have fired James Comey so he
gets a letter classic Trump letter he
gets this letter firing him delivered by
Trump's like personal bodyguard while
he's on some at some job fair he
apparently thought it was a joke when he
first got it but I love this thing where
he says Trump says while I greatly
appreciate you informing me on three
separate occasions that I am NOT under
investigation I nevertheless concur with
the judgment of the Department of
Justice that you are not able to
effectively lead the bureau so this is
like basically him saying this has
nothing to do with FBI investigation
into any kind of collusion between
Trump's campaign and the Russians and
the Democrats who like I said they hated
come because they blamed him for
Hillary's loss right Hillary blamed him
for her loss the Democrats blame them
now suddenly they're selling the idea
that this is a constitutional crisis on
the order of Nixon's Saturday night
massacre so let listen to of course the
nets the networks they just serve as an
echo chamber for the Democrats that's
all they are they're the Democrat echo
chamber and and here there's here the
Nets selling the Democrats message calls
for a special prosecutor to take over
the Russia investigation Democrats
compare this
Watergate some congressional Democrats
compared President Trump to Richard
Nixon who ordered the firing of the
Watergate scandals independent
prosecutor and put this into context for
us because some are comparing this to
Watergate well that's understandable the
people who couldn't compare you to
Watergate because of course what
happened there is that President Nixon
fired the special prosecutor because he
was getting too close and and here we
have the president firing the head of
the FBI columnist in the New York Post
said if all you've got is a hammer
everything looks like a nail and if all
you are is a Democrat everything looks
like Watergate this is a reference to
1973 the special prosecutor
investigating Watergate tried to
subpoena subpoenaed Richard Nixon's
tapes the tapes of his conversations
with private people you know private
conversations in the Oval Office Nixon
didn't want to give him over so he
demanded that the AG fire Cox the AG
refused we fired the AG and the deputy
AG refused we fired and then finally it
was Robert Bork I think it was it was
Robert Bork who fired him
who fired Archibald Cox so three people
went down and it was just a it was a
blatant attempt to cover up this you
know the Watergate investigation to stop
the Watergate investigation so here is
are the Democrats I mean these are the
Democrats who just a little while ago
were telling us that you know here's
Pelosi bit Pelosi version of this was
this was back in November when Comey
said he was reopening the investigation
into Hillary Clinton this is how Pelosi
reacted to it at the time I think he
made a mistake on this and he clearly
has a double standard
when it comes to Donald Trump and or
they just keep him out of it just when
it came to the hacking by the Russians
that that the highest confidence of our
intelligence community says the Russians
did this I know it privately because of
being hacked by the Russians and he says
was too close to the election to talk
about that and yet it's not too close to
the election to talk about
the emails that he says may not be
significant so I think he made a mistake
and these jobs if you're not in it for a
while you can't take the heat and I
think he just couldn't take the heat
from the Republicans it's really
unfortunate because I do believe he is a
good person maybe he's not in the right
job in the right job so you know what
was coming
you know John Nolte tweeted yesterday
that he's lucky that Hillary didn't get
elected Comey is lucky Hillary didn't
get elected because not only would he be
fired he'd be dead it was obvious it was
obvious that commis head was on the
block if the Democrats got elected and
the only difference was the Trump didn't
do it right away but we're gonna talk
about this more obviously we need to try
and get it what what went on but before
I do I have to play Keith Olbermann's
reaction back in October Keith Olbermann
is this is his reaction back in October
to Comey reopening the investigation
into Hillary's emails the director of
the FBI must resign first he must
retract his statement then resign there
are only two alternatives here James B
Comey either knowingly tried to tamper
with a presidential election 11 days out
on a hint of a possibility of a rumor of
an inference of a chance of Clinton
emails that reportedly aren't from
Clinton and aren't to Clinton which is
Bureau had not bothered to tell him
about nor gotten a warrant for until
last night
or James B Comey had no idea that his
statement would impact a presidential
election in such a way that there would
not be a chance to disprove the negative
he threw against the wall like that by
all accounts it is in the former case
Comey wants that rarest of individuals
the nonpartisan legal hero from the Bush
administration is a criminal who has
desperately and personally and at the
last minute tried to deliver this
country at its 240 years of democracy
into the hands of a self-obsessed
compulsively lying fascist with no
respect nor interest in anyone or
anything besides himself and no
understanding of the real world and the
billions of people he could kill in a
fit of pique over something somebody
would say about him on TV
action that was reaction back in October
yesterday he tweets Trump Trump declares
war on the u.s. fires copy of Trump
declares war on the US by firing Kobe
you know and here here is well you know
what I'm not even going to play them all
they're just like talking they're
basically saying oh it's a
constitutional crisis is a
constitutional crisis here's the problem
okay when he fired the independent
investigator the special investigator
into Watergate you're put you're trying
to put a kibosh on an investigation the
FBI is not gonna stop investigating the
Russian collusion if there is an
investigation they're not gonna you know
you find it's not Comey who was
investigating it wasn't Comey like in a
trench coat in his snap room at going
out and investigating there are dozens
of agents on this case who by the way
you know the FBI is a really good
organization it really is and by the way
if they try to put the kibosh the FBI is
gonna leak like a colander you know it's
ugly you know suddenly everything
they've got is gonna be in the newspaper
Trump knows that Trump's not a dummy you
know it's it's it's utterly ridiculous
to think it's just implausible to think
the Trump is you know trying to stop
this investigation this way it just
doesn't make sense
that that's what he's doing what is also
impossible of course is what Trump said
Trump basically said I'm doing this
because you mishandled the Hillary
Clinton investigation that's all so
implausible that nobody nobody can
believe that you know I just have to
stop for just a minute though and talk
on a sidebar here about how often the
Democrats depend on your ignorance to
say what they say and the reason they
can do that and the reason the
Republicans don't do it as much it's not
because the Republicans are Saints and
the Democrats are Devils it's because
the Democrats know the press will back
them up the Democrats know if they
depend on your ignorance you know you
talk to Democrats whenever I go to New
York I talk to a lot of Democrats they
believe this stuff they believe this
stuff oh you know that they will I can
tell you within the next week several
Democrats will say to me oh it's like
Watergate it's just it's exactly like
well it's Watergate its water you know
you'll just keep hearing the same way
with global
you know that people just absolutely buy
into this stuff because they buy into it
because the press echos everything that
the Democrats say but you know it's
interesting that Chuck Schumer basically
gave the game away because Chuck Schumer
was one of the people who said he had
lost confidence in he said I've lost
confidence in Comey now when you say
that that is essentially saying that the
guy should lose his job when you say I
have lost confidence in your ability to
run the department you are saying this
guy is out so Chuck Schumer said that
you know when when the email
investigation was reopened and he was
asked about it as he was saying what a
cover-up it's all a cover-up bla bla bla
bla bla and he got off in he actually
described the situation that we're in
now I never I never called on the
President to fire director Comey I had a
lot of questions about how he handled
himself but the overwhelming question is
this if the administration had those
same questions the events occurred
months ago and they should have fired
call me on the day they came into office
all of them occurred before he came into
office so that does not seem to me to be
a very logical or persuasive explanation
so he's absolutely right the question is
not why he fired call me why it's why he
fired him now that is the question and
we're going to try and answer it or at
least look at some theories but first we
have to say goodbye to Facebook and
YouTube which means if you don't come
over to the Daily wire comm and hear the
rest of the show you will miss the
mailbag which in turn means that all
your problems will continue
