hoopty doodle-doo it's time to get our
knickers in a twist with a monthly visit
to our favorite website everyday
feminism everyday feminism is the site
where you don't have to fall out of a
second-story window and land on your
head to know how it feels for your
brains to turn to mush you just have to
read the post and you'll get the idea
this month on everyday feminism we find
a video post that has been shared by
over 21,000 people the post is entitled
and I swear this is real can having
genital preferences for dating Meanor
anti-trans the post is authored by Riley
J Dennis who describes himself as a
queer trans non-binary lesbian which i
think means a guy with long hair who put
out for anybody the post begins with
this urgent question and again this is a
real quote is it sexist or anti trans to
say that you wouldn't date a woman who
has a penis the answer is more
complicated than you might think
unquote well since my answer is a
wordless scream it's possible Riley GJ
Dennis's answer is in fact more
complicated let's find out Riley J
Dennis begins by describing an issue
that I know has been troubling many of
you so what's been happening is that
some people are making the argument that
it's not sis sexist at all to only be
attracted to people with one kind of
genitals for example these people might
argue that being attracted to only women
with vaginas in no way negatively
affects trans people now I know what
you're thinking you're thinking how am I
ever going to unsee that guy but wait
there's more I'm not telling lesbians
that they can't be lesbians if you're a
woman who only likes women
go ahead identify as a lesbian but some
women have penises well I'm glad Reilly
J Dennis is not telling lesbians they
can't be lesbians because I know
lesbians were worried Riley J Dennis
might pass that law and make life harder
for them in Riley J Dennis's imagination
which is the one place where Riley J
Dennis's opinion matters anyway where
were we
oh yeah lesbians with penises wait
aren't lesbians with penises basically
just men and never mind let's look a
little deeper into this issue so if you
look a little deeper into this issue
there's the possibility of your genital
preferences being at least somewhat
partially informed by growing out
and assist sexist society is also the
fact that a preference is different than
saying you would never do something like
having a preference for tall girls is
fine but refusing to date anyone under
five seven is ridiculous so Riley J
Dennis thinks we should all date short
girls with penises and what Riley J
Dennis thinks about who we should date
is very important - Riley J Dennis as
for the rest of us I think we should all
visit everyday feminism from time to
time to remind ourselves how lucky we
are not to be the people at everyday
feminism I think I need a drink trigger
warning I'm Andrew Clavin and this is
the Andrew Clavin show
