on Saturday night Samantha be hosted the
much-ballyhooed not the White House
Correspondents Dinner the general was
retitled of course because President
Trump wasn't enough of a rube to subject
himself to three hours of Barb's and
put-downs by leftist who didn't vote for
him and see him as a joke and disdain
his voters at the dinner be trotted out
in the white pantsuit looking like
Kristin Chenoweth playing Hillary
Clinton in an alternative reality
version of the 2016 election your job
has never been harder she gushed to the
assembled members of the self-pleasuring
press you expose injustice against the
weak you continue to fact-check the
president's as if he might someday get
embarrassed tonight is for you shortly
after this ODEs of the bravery of
journalists who maintained total silence
for eight years of President Barack
Obama's lies on around in health care
his Department of Justice
targeting The Associated Press and Fox
News B appeared on CNN with Jake Tapper
there she explained of her nearly
unwatchable mess of a show full frontal
quote I do the show for me and for
people like me and I don't care how the
rest of the world sees it frankly we
birth it and then the word of the world
receives it however they want to receive
it during the entirety of the statement
a smug grin was plastered across her
face here is a basic rule of thumb in
order to be smug you generally have to
be unaware of your smugness be fits the
bill so did the members of the White
House press corps there's plenty of
questions there are plenty of questions
about president Trump's administration
from his shifting promises to his
knee-jerk reversals from his policy
vagaries to his staff and chaos but
instead of approaching the American
people as potential friends to be
convinced smug leftists treat them as
ignoramuses there's no sincerity
involved every critique of Trump
supporters lumps them all together and
then treats them as gum stuck to the
bottom of the shoe of the Republic
Samantha being company had the
unmistakable air of the bullies from
every high school and college comedy
preening self-obsessed rich kids who
sneer at the losers who inhabit the
hallways and planned pool parties and
taunt the poor kids who can't afford
anything better than a beat-up Pinto the
journalist Hollywood clique is like Greg
Maher maillard from Animal House Rod
from Breaking Away Regina George for
Mean Girls their smug their liberal and
that's what drives Trump support Trump
knows this that's why he skipped the
Correspondents Dinner and instead went
to Pennsylvania where he held a rally
hilariously declaring quote a large
group of Hollywood actors in Washington
media are consoling each other in a
hotel ballroom in our nation's capital
right now it was the best moment for
Trump since his speech to a joint
session of Congress Trump may not be
popular among the cool kids but he's
cool enough among them to win supporters
in the swing states if the cool kids
don't cut it out they'll get eight years
to mock him and be
smug in their self assurance that they
know what the American people want
better than the American people do I'm
Ben Shapiro this is the Ben Shapiro show
already so James Comey is on the hill
again this guy just won't go away the
FBI director is back on the hill now
answering questions about the election
cycle Hillary Clinton is back to the
2016 election cycle will never end so if
you loved it congratulations
it's 2017 the revenge will get to all of
that in just a second but first I want
to say thank you to our sponsors over at
legacy box.com so one of the big things
that I talk about all the time is
preserving your memories obviously as
you get older those memories go into a
box they go in the garage and there's
nothing much that you can do with them
anymore unless you go to legacy box.com
what you do is you take all those old
photos you take all of that old video
all those old films the stuff that your
grandma left you and you put it in a box
and you send it to legacy box and they
send you back everything on a DVD or a
thumb drive so that you can use it and
watch it and share it and relive it it's
a fantastic service is something I think
is deeply important because as those
memories disappear you're losing a part
of yourself legacy box prevents that
from happening so instead of your home
movies just being stacked up in a closet
somewhere now you can actually look at
them anytime you want because they're
easy and convenient you don't have to
schlep boxes of crap out of your house
if there's a fire legacy voxcom takes
cares they take care of everything
they provide updates at every step of
the process that's why 250,000 families
have used them so right now if you go to
legacy voxcom /ban you get a 40%
discount on your order legacy box comm
slash been fantastic service again send
all of your stuff to them they send it
back on tape they put a barcode on every
piece of material that you send to them
so you can track where it is in the
process just a great company legacy box
comm slash Ben go ahead check it out 40%
discount on your order okay so the big
news today is that James Comey is on the
hill now as the precursor to this I
think we have to talk about Hillary
Clinton's reappearance on the public
scene so Hillary is back and this is a
great thing for Republicans because
particularly it's great for Trump I'm
not sure it's so great for Republicans
as much as it's great for Trump the
reason I say it's great for Trump is
because the less Trump doesn't office
the more important it is to talk about
how terrible Hillary Clinton is because
again you need to show you need to throw
Trump and relief if your basis for Trump
doing a good job
he's not Hillary then Hillary needs to
be ever-present in our mind we need to
constantly remember how terrible Hillary
is and then we think oh god at least
it's not Hillary Clinton Trump must be
doing a fantastic job so that's why
Hillary being part of the public scene
is really really good for Trump so
Hillary came back yesterday and she was
doing a media appearance with Christiane
Amanpour who's just unwatchable and
unlistenable and in this media in this
media appearance she said that she takes
full responsibility and then proceeds to
blame everybody up to and including
Jim's kkona James Comey the the head of
the FBI did we make mistakes of course
we did did I make mistakes oh my gosh
yes you know you'll read my confession
and my my request for absolution but the
reason why I believe we lost were the
intervening events in the last 10 days
okay so basically I take full
responsibility except I take none of the
responsibility none of it was my fault
now was it her fault yes the whole thing
is her fault the entire email
controversy is her fault if she weren't
a paranoid nutso
she wouldn't have stuck all this
classified information on an email
server that was that was private and not
under government auspices and might have
been hacked and she certainly would not
have allowed Huma Abedin - apparently
send classified information to her
husband's computer Huma Abedin of course
was her assistant and she was sending
emails to the computer of Anthony Weiner
who may Abaddon's husband Anthony Weiner
of course is a is a alleged child
pornographer or at least looking at
child pornography or young teenagers
he's a really sick guy who has a bunch
of problems does Anthony Weiner and his
computer was apparently filled with
classified material and messages from
Hillary Clinton including emails that
Hillary Clinton had deleted before
turning them over to the appropriate
intelligence authorities so as you
recall on October 28th just a few days
before the election 11 days before the
election James Comey sends an email
sends a letter to the members of
Congress updating them on the status of
the investigation if you recall all the
way back to July in July he says we've
done a full investigation of Hillary's
email server and while she's a criminal
she is not a criminal and we should not
prosecute her that was basically Kobe's
announcement back in July now comes to
eleven days before the election and
James Comey sends a letter to Congress
telling them we haven't reopened the
email investigation per se but we have
new and
formation in the email investigation and
anthony Weiner's computer is filled
chock full to the top with a bunch of
Hillary Clinton emails we haven't had
time to go through it yet now this was
pretty controversial because just a few
days later he comes out he says we went
through all of it nothing there of
importance so Democrats I think not
wrongly are very miffed by this they say
okay why are you updating Congress if
you haven't even checked it out you
don't know if it's real yet and then
five days six days seven days later you
come out and you say oh oops by the way
I'm glad I updated you eight days ago
but it turns out that none of it
actually mattered so back to my original
statement nothing bad happened here if
you were a Democrat you'd be mad too if
you're Republican obviously you're happy
because of course it had an impact on
Trump getting elected it's still
Hillary's fault
she shouldn't have engaged in all sorts
of nefarious activity here she should
have been more careful with classified
information
she shouldn't have planned to have a
server and then put classified material
on it which is a purposeful exposure of
America to two foreign intelligence
services she should never have done any
of those things so tillery's fought but
did commis let her have an impact I
think would be hard to argue commis
letter didn't have an impact you see the
polls she dropped from outside the
margin of error to inside the margin of
error in the last few days of the
election cycle hard to tell how much of
that would have happened normally but
it's hard to imagine that the biggest
story in America didn't have any impact
on her electability and then in case
James Comey is testifying before
Congress and Dianne Feinstein senator
from California she of the night free
sighs she decides that she's going to
ask him about why he sent that famous
October 28th letter and here's James
commis answer the investigative team
that had finished the investigation in
July focused on secretary Clinton's
emails asked to meet with me so I met
with them that morning late morning in
my conference room and they laid out for
me
what they could see from the metadata on
this fella anthony Weiner's laptop that
had been seized in an unrelated case
what they could see from the metadata
was that there were thousands of
secretary Clinton's emails on that
device including what they thought might
be the missing emails from her first
three months as Secretary of State we
never found any emails from her first
three months she was using a Verizon
blackberry then and that's obviously
very important because if there was
evidence that she was acting with bad
intent that
where it would be in the first day
weren't there look can I just finish my
answer senator huh and so they came in
and said we can see thousands of emails
from the Clinton email domain including
many many many from the Verizon Clinton
domain blackberry domain they said we
think we got to get a search warrant to
go get these and the Department of
Justice agreed we had to go get a search
warrant so I agreed i authorized the
Masika search warrant and then I faced a
choice and I've lived my entire career
by the tradition that if you can
possibly avoid it you avoid any action
in the run-up to an election that might
have an impact whether it's a dog
catcher election or president of the
United States but i sat there that
morning and I could not see a door
labeled no action here I could see two
doors and they were both actions one was
labeled speak the other was labeled
concealed because here's how I thought
about I'm not trying to talk you into
this but I want you to know my thinking
having repeatedly told this Congress we
are done and there's nothing there
there's no case there there's no case
there to restart in a hugely significant
way potentially finding the emails that
would reflect on her intent from the
beginning and not speak about it would
require an act of concealment in my view
and so I stared at speak and concealed
speak would be really bad there's an
election in 11 days
lordy that would be really bad
concealing in my view would be
catastrophic not just to the FBI but
well beyond and honestly as between
really bad and catastrophic I said to my
team we're gotta walk into the world of
really bad I've got to tell Congress
that we're restarting this not in some
frivolous way in a hugely significant
way and the team also told me we cannot
finish this work before the election and
then they worked night after night after
night and they found thousands of new
emails they found classified information
on Anthony Weiner somehow her emails are
being forwarded to Anthony Weiner
including classified information by her
assistant Huma Abedin and so they found
thousands of new emails and then called
me the Saturday night before the
election and said thanks to the wizardry
of our technology we've only had to
personally read 6,000 we think we can
finish tomorrow morning Sunday and so I
met with them and they said we found a
lot of new stuff we did not find
anything that changes our
view of her intent so we're in the same
place we were in July
it hasn't changed our view and I asked
them lots of questions and I said okay
if that's where you are then I also have
to tell Congress that we're done
look this is terrible it makes me mildly
nauseous to think that we might have had
some impact on the election but honestly
it wouldn't change the decision
everybody who disagrees with me has to
come back to October 28th with me and
stare at this and tell me what you would
do would you speak or would you conceal
so we can stop it here so I'm about to
say something deeply unpopular James
Comey is totally utterly completely full
of crap
okay he's totally full of crap I know
that people on the right say this is
super convincing
this is his logic this is why he did it
he's an honest man hey James Comey is
totally full of crap he's full of crap
in July he was full of crap in October
and he's full of crap now I'll explain
why okay beginning in July he was full
of crap because he never should have
announced all the reasons to indict
Hillary Clinton and then made up his own
legal standard and he did you talked
about it at the time he literally made
up his own legal standard there is no
standard of intent in the law with
regard to concealment and hiding and
redirection of classified material there
is no intent requirement he made up that
standard out of whole cloth to exonerate
Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump I mean
this is so bizarre now because this is
the world we live in Trump tweeted that
yesterday he tweeted yesterday that
James Comey gave Hillary a free pass
okay well you were reappointed him to
head of the FBI dude like you said you
weren't gonna fire him so that's kind of
weird but in July he was totally full of
crap then because he set this wrong
legal standard he then goes forward to
October and now it turns out that
there's all sorts of new material so he
has two choices he can shut the hell up
until all the information isn't
available to him until he completes the
investigation without regard for
politics or he can announce it to make
up for his booboo right it's a make up
call July was a boo-boo and now he's got
a make up call in October here's the
make up call Republicans have a field
day and he sends out this letter and he
openly said this at the time like this
new logic that he's saying where he's
saying well you know I really felt the
obligation to say anything because it
was either speak or conceal and I didn't
want to politicize this thing he says
that he at one point in this testimony
he actually says that somebody in his
office said you know you're gonna get
Trump elected if you do this and he said
well I can't think about things like
that well he was thinking about things
like that back in July and he was
thinking like that about things like
that
Tober because literally five seconds
later he says in that same testimony he
says we expedited the review well if you
weren't worried about the plot of the
politics of the situation why you
expediting the review right if all
you're worried about is the truth coming
out in good time then number one why are
you announcing preliminary findings
before unions on the research and two
why aren't you waiting until all the
research is done and three why are you
expediting the research so that it gets
done before the election cycle and four
why are you sending this letter that you
sent to the FBI the same day these sends
the letter to Congress quote of course
we don't ordinarily tell Congress about
ongoing investigations but here I feel
an obligation to do so given that I
testified repeatedly in recent months
that our investigation was completed I
also think it would be misleading to the
American people will be not to
supplement the record at the same time
however given we don't know the
significance of this newly discovered
collection of emails I don't want to
create a misleading impression in trying
to strike that balance in a brief letter
and in the middle of an election season
there a significant risk of being
misunderstood but I wanted you to hear
directly from me about it yes there was
politics here but the only politics that
mattered to James come it was not the
politics of Trump versus Clinton the
only politics that mattered to James
Comey was preserving his patina of
legitimacy at the FBI and creating this
perception that the FBI was above
politics when in fact by doing all of
this he embroiled the FBI in more and
more and more politics that's what
actually happened here okay that's what
actually happened here with James Comey
James Comey hedged his bets so he could
keep his job he started in July
exonerating Hillary where she should not
have been exonerated then to hedge his
bets in October he brought forward this
information and then he killed his own
information like eight days later after
this whole thing went down and that's
the honest take on James Comey and well
you're gonna hear today from the
partisans on both sides the left is
gonna say James Comey is totally evil
and wanted Trump to win and on the right
you're gonna hear James Comey is
wonderful he's a saint of course he had
to reveal this information here is the
basic truth
it's Hillary's fault she lost its James
commis fault that we all know about any
of this stuff in the first place because
James Comey did not do the first thing
FBI directors are told to do shut your
mouth until you have all the information
okay and here is the reality of the
situation would I prefer that the
information came out and Hillary did not
get elected of course of course is James
Comey simultaneously full of crap
absolutely James Comey is simultaneously
full of crap
okay now I want to talk I want to say
thank you to our advertisers over a
tracker and then I want to talk a little
bit more about Hillary's grand return so
tracker comm the tracker comm t AR TR a
rather tra CK our comm no e the tracker
calm and use promo clip N and here's
what the tracker does if you lose your
stuff you lose your phone if you lose
your keys if you lose your wallet you
stick this coin size device on your
phone on your keys on your wallet
and it allows you to find those things
you use your cell phone to locate your
keys you you it rings basically from
your cell phone to your keys and to your
wallet and that ensures that you never
lose these things again if you want not
to lose your phone then you can actually
use your keys as a reverse tracking
device you take the device and then you
can actually reverse it back to your
phone and it'll ring through so how
often do you lose your phone and your
phone is on silent and you can't find it
the tracker allows you to actually
override the no ring device it allows
you override this it's been a godsend
for me I'm constantly guy running out
the door and looking for wallet phone
keys and losing one of them and this it
makes it possible the tracker makes it
possible for that not to happen for me I
don't have to spend 15 minutes looking
for my stuff anymore the tracker calm
and use promo code ban you get a free
tracker Bravo with any purchase so you
never have to worry about losing that
stuff ever again find its location with
a tap of button the tracker comm promo
Club and it's a device that my wife uses
as I've said before it saved our
marriage because there's nothing that
annoys both of us more than when we lose
our objects and then we have to bother
the spouse about it the tracker comm
promoter Ben get a free tracker Bravo
with any purchase ok so Hillary Clinton
can't accept the fact that James Comey
screwed things up but she really can't
accept the fact that she's the one who
screwed things up right she can't deal
with the fact that she is the one who
blew it and so she is still not taking
responsibility instead she's claiming
that it's because of Americans being
sexist or some such nonsense do you
think were you a victim of misogyny why
do you think you lost the majority of
the white female vote the security moms
the people who want to be protected from
the kinds of
challenges you're talking about right
now right well you know that the books
coming out in the fall just to give you
a tiny little preview yes I do think it
played a role I think other things did
as well every day that goes by we learn
more about some of the unprecedented
interference including from a foreign
power whose leader is not a member of my
fan club and so I think it is it is real
it is very much a part of the landscape
politically okay so it's obviously
because we don't like women now this
ignores the fact I do love this is when
my favorite things of the election cycle
somebody actually took the Clinton Trump
debates and they reversed the sexist
they had a woman read from comments and
then a man read Hillary's comments and
it turns out people liked Hillary even
less when she was a man so so the idea
that people just didn't vote for her
because she's a woman is of course crap
but she now declares herself part of the
resistance she's gonna help stop Donald
Trump
I spent decades learning about what it
would take to move our country forward
including people who you know clearly
didn't vote for me to try to make sure
that we dealt with a lot of these hard
issues that are right around the corner
like robotics and artificial
intelligence and things that are really
going to be up ending the economy for
the vast majority of Americans to say
nothing of the rest of the world so you
know I'm now back to being an activist
citizen and part of the resistance in
everybody yeah okay the worst thing that
could happen to the resistance is
Hillary Clinton be a part of it I mean
she she does have the resistance of a
particularly viral strain virulent
strain of syphilis but aside from that
there's nothing going on that would
would remotely suggest that she is going
to help out the resistance in any way
she's trying to hijack a youth movement
that she's just incapable of hijacking
and even people on her left are saying
that she's totally full of it but to
talk about that we're going to have to
go over to Daley wire.com you're gonna
have to become a subscriber $8 a month
gets you a subscription to Daley
wired.com plus if you want an annual
scription you get a free copy of the
arroyo fictional DVD it's a it's a movie
set on the southern border action
western all about ranchers trying to
defend their land from drug cartels
trying to use it as a thoroughfare the
Arroyo jeremy borings the royal go check
it out by getting an annual subscription
plus if you get a subscription right now
annual or otherwise then you can be part
of the mailbag tomorrow and we will do a
live mailbag tomorrow we'll take your
questions live on air which of course
makes your life markedly better in every
possible way daily wire.com or if you
just want to listen at iTunes or
SoundCloud
we always appreciate if you subscribe
over there and make sure that you leave
us a review we always appreciate that as
well we are the largest conservative
podcast in the nation
you
