Yale graduate students are on a symbolic
hunger strike in order to force the
university to give them more stuff now
you may ask what's a symbolic hunger
strike and also when did yell start
accepting idiot clowns at their
university is there some kind of new
idiot clown department where they train
idiot clowns so they can be in the
stupid circus for stupid people well I'm
not sure about the answer to all those
other questions but a symbolic hunger
strike is a hunger strike where you
don't eat unless you get hungry then you
eat so let's say after waking up like
any normal graduate student at the crack
of 10:00 a.m. you smoke a quick do B and
then motor skateboard down to blue state
coffee the socially conscious cafe where
you enjoy a free-range egg and bacon
sandwich on a sesame bagel in the self
righteous knowledge that some portion of
the price will be donated to the New
Haven pride Center to make sure that gay
people at Yale don't run out of pride
because we wouldn't want that then after
completing your breakfast with a
healthful yogurt parfait topped with
gluten-free almond granola you motor
board down to the strike line where you
heroically don't eat a single thing
until oh it gets to be around noon when
you start in feeling just a tad peckish
and then it's off for a quick pizza
before you get down to the hard work of
being a graduate student which is
grading papers and teaching the class if
it happens to be Thursday unless do you
think the symbolic suffering of this
symbolic strike is not an a symbolically
worthwhile cause let me point out that
for all this effort you're putting it
molding the minds of the young while
simultaneously working on your thesis
entitled intersectional trends of
transgender oppression in last week's
episode of the walking dead you only
receive a stipend of over $30,000 a year
plus the full 40 grand a year for
tuition plus health care and other
benefits amounting to nearly $400,000 a
year for doing what you do which is
pretending to be on a hunger strike but
all this is beside the point you see a
modern graduate student at Yale
maybe the single most privileged human
being to have ever existed in the whole
long course of history in
looting those ancient Roman guys who
used to lie around on cushions and drink
goblets of wine while pinching dancing
girls so you have to stage a symbolic
hunger strike to demonstrate that you
are so symbolically courageous in the
face of symbolic oppression that you're
almost some kind of symbolic hero whose
symbolic actions symbolize the highest
symbols of symbolic human achievement in
other words you're a leftist
symbolically courageous in the symbolic
fight against symbolic hardships that
don't exist so grad students of Yale we
here at the Andrew Clavin show support
your symbolic hunger strike and if
you're headed to lunch pick up a pizza
for me after all it's not like you're
busy doing anything else
trigger warning I'm Andrew Clavin and
this is the Andrew Clavin
it's mailbag day yeah yeah I wish they
wouldn't drink before the show starts
you know it's it's mail but we have a
couple of great questions in the mailbag
I am tempted to just skip the politics
and get right through them but I'm not
going to and that means that if you're
on Facebook or in YouTube you will miss
it because it after about 15 minutes you
will be cast out into the exterior
darkness where as I'm sure you know
there is great wailing and gnashing of
teeth but if you come over to the Daily
wire calm you can not only hear the rest
of the show you could subscribe and
watch the rest of the show and then next
week you could be in the mailbag where
it's a little stuffy but you get to ask
some questions
let us talk for just a moment we you
know we're talking all this talk about
Obamacare but there are 35 million u.s.
families without health without life
insurance let alone health insurance
without life insurance which means if
you suddenly pop off everybody who
depends on you is basically left in the
lurch now you know I have life insurance
that makes all the people in this room
of beneficiaries and that's why I have a
card you know a bodyguard because I know
these guys would kill me like for just a
couple of pennies but you really do if
you have people you actually like in
your life like a wife or kids or
something like that you really do want
to have life insurance and the way to
get it is it policy genius.com because
is because it is the best online life
insurance marketplace it's really really
easy to use the website is easy to use
there's no they're not selling you
anything they just let you compare it
they have placed over five billion
dollars in life insurance for people
just like you it's just a user friendly
friendly and you can save you can save
over 40% off other prices for life
insurance because you get to compare all
the different prices when they auction
when they compete with each other you
win so go to policy genius.com
today save over 40% off other prices for
life insurance that's pol i cy g en i US
policy genius.com zero jargon zero sales
pressure zero hassle life insurance made
easy free quotes zero hassle piece of
don't wait go to policy genius.com today
so yesterday i unloaded on the budget
like just about every other right-winger
in america right you know we all went a
little bit nuts on this budget right I
wanted to step back for a minute because
this is one of the problems with politic
with right-wing politics is because
right wingers never think about the long
game
everything is always a crisis everything
is always a disaster that lat we've
always been betrayed it's always a bit
we never step back and look at whether
we're winning or losing the long game
you know in the long game is
all-important because the long game is
with the left plays so brilliantly well
the long game is the culture the long
game is the Academy the long game is the
news media all the things that shape
public opinion because as our founders
knew no law stands up plus no law stands
up against I hope you have life
insurance and I hope I'm the beneficiary
no law stands up against public opinion
a public opinion turns against free
speech the First Amendment isn't gonna
help you one little bit okay so I just
want to step back a little bit and look
at this
yesterday the Trump ire struck back
basically they started to defend their
budget and they said that they got
rolled kind of by the Democrats in the
press not in the in the budget
negotiations so let's take a look at
some of the things that they were
talking about
I mean first let's take a look at what
Rush Limbaugh had Mike Pence on and it
was a fair deal like Rush really went
out at him he said what why should we
vote for Republicans if this is all
we're going to get and here's one of
their exchanges if I'm the Democrats 21
billion 15 billion for defense that was
not originally authorized that's a small
price to pay for continuing to fund
refugee resettlement continuing to fund
Planned Parenthood continuing to fund
sanctuary cities continuing to fund the
EPA and not build the wall the Democrats
clearly think this is a big win and
they're confident they can block Trump's
agenda after this spending bill for the
rest of Trump's term there isn't
anything of the President's agenda in
this budget and people are beginning to
ask when's that going to happen if
you're going to shut it down in
September why not now if you complained
about 60 votes today why not go budget
reconciliation for 51 votes and smoke
them
the very levy Bureau clear that the
number one priority of President Trump
is to rebuild our military to restore
the arsenal of democracy and I got to
tell you to get Democrats in Washington
DC to agree to a 21 billion dollar
increase in a short-term budget bill and
you know the president's calling for the
largest increase in military spending
since the Reagan administration in the
upcoming budget I think is no small it's
no small accomplishment also this bill
includes the largest increase in border
security funding in ten years okay so
the this is the important thing here is
that the deal on sequestration was that
you couldn't for every dime that you
spent on the military you had to spend
money on social programs and that was
part of Obama's plan a - you know
overwhelm us with social programs and B
to destroy our military which he was
doing an excellent excellent job so they
broke that they broke the hold of that
and that's important Trump also points
out that even though he didn't he was
talking before the Air Force Academy and
he points out that even though he didn't
get money for the wall he got a lot of
money for increased border security so
here's the second Trump cut Trump on the
board we achieved the single largest
increase in border security funding in
ten years so we have more money now for
the border that we've gotten in ten
years of the Democrats didn't tell you
that they forgot in their notes they
forgot to tell you that with enough
money to make a down payment on the
border wall I think they'll go back and
check their papers this includes swiftly
replacing ineffective and failing
fencing and walls with an unbreakable
barrier so we're putting up a lot of new
walls in certain areas we're putting up
a tremendous amount of money to fix the
existing structures that we have some of
which we can keep into the future
they're in good shape but we have to
bring them back to the highest level
we'll be doing that with this payment
okay
so that's you know this is his chance to
make his plea because what you know what
they're complaining about what they're
complaining about is they went down and
they sat down they had bipartisan
negotiations they needed the extra votes
to pass this thing and then the
Democrats ran out and said we win we win
we win and of course whatever the
Democrats say gets echoed by the press
so now they're all kind of feeling like
they got a little bit stabbed in the
back but that's politics I mean that's
that's the Democrats are doing a good
job at what they do but according to The
Wall Street Journal which has been very
good about this stuff despite their
claims Democrats did not preserve
funding for Planned Parenthood now this
is a big one because obviously I I don't
want my tax dollars going to these
people but the bill contains no direct
dollars for that group but rather funds
grants that will be issued by Health and
Human Services which is now unlikely to
approve any for Planned Parenthood's so
that's a little bit different than we
heard it it all depends now on where
those grants go and what they're used
for somebody asked me in the mailbag if
manat allowed to use the money for even
Planned Parenthood's not allowed to use
the money for abortions but that's
ridiculous money is fungible it doesn't
matter whether you give it to planned
parent you give it to an abortion
provider it doesn't matter what they use
it for there they're just shifting other
money to the abortion so it doesn't
really matter most of the domestic
funding increases and decreases our GOP
priorities the bill contains forty five
million dollars to fund three more years
of Washington DC's popular school
voucher program as well as money for
Western wild fire fighting and disaster
related repairs at NASA conversely the
bill zeros out dollars to the
International Green Climate Fund set up
as part of the Paris climate Accord and
it rescinds consolidates or terminates
more than 150 federal programs or
initiatives including such high
priorities as a crystal for Columbus a
fellowship on and on the the important
thing here the with theme the bill
doesn't do so in other words it was a
negotiation writer the bill was almost
finished by the time it got by the time
Trump came in it's a negotiation but the
important thing here is they've got to
stop with these omnibus spending bills
because nobody can read them they used
to be in 12 separate appropriation bills
and then you would negotiate and you
could really get into the weeds and lose
on
one appropriation bill and went on
another they've got to get back to that
and that is not up to trump obviously
that's up to Congress but they really
have to start talking about that but you
know so so again a compromise not what
we want from these guys we want them to
drain the swamp it's it's not draining
the swamp it's not changing the way
Washington works it's just supplying the
money to the it's business as usual and
that's not why Trump was elected so it
is it is a loss overall but it's not a
disaster it's just a loss overall and
that's and that is what you know what
like I said Trump has shown himself to
be very good at the part of government
that is like business but not so good so
far at the part of government that's
like government and hopefully he's gonna
pick that up okay but let's talk about
something out you know a picture came
out of Steve Bannon
everybody loves Steve Bannon I mean what
is is there a nicer warmer personality
than Steve and Steve Bannon took a
picture with the conservative Rabbi
Shmuel II what is his last name go teach
let's see
anyway so the Rabbi Shmuel ebo teach
that's his name's malooley votes and so
the rabbi twit tweeted this and it
showed them standing in bannon's office
and Drudge picked up the fact and the
actors The Daily Telegraph that picked
it up and then Drudge repeated it that
bannon's whiteboard is on that in back
and on the whiteboard it shows a list of
all the promises the pledges he calls
them that the Trump people made on
Obamacare and on immigration with little
check marks to show which ones have been
fulfilled and then others have not been
fulfilled and they're more complicated
and legislative and I just thought you
know that speaks so well of the Trump
administration and abandon that they're
keeping track of what they've done and
their promises and it means something to
them it's not like Obama would say one
thing and then do something entirely
different their promises mean something
and they have done a lot of stuff the
stuff that is good you know the New York
Times I think there's about two days ago
they published a kree decor a cry from
the heart it's just agony coming out of
the New York Times it did my it was like
music to my ears okay it was just about
how Trump is dismantling the Obama
legacy and you know at the New York
Times
to see the Obama legacy is it's like
watching you know the pyramids fall you
know they think Obama had a big legacy
I've always said that he had very very
little effect on our country but just
days after the November election top
aides to Donald J Trump I'm reading from
the New York Times a former newspaper
huddled with congressional staff members
and speaker Paul Ryan's suite of offices
in the Capitol the objective not to get
things done but to undo them quickly for
about three months after inauguration
day mr. Trump would have the power to
wipe away some of his predecessors most
significant regulations with simple
majority votes from his allies in
Congress but the clock was ticking
an obscure law known as the
congressional review act gives lawmakers
60 legislative days to overturn major
new regulations issued by federal
agencies after that window closes
sometime in early May the process gets
much more difficult executive orders by
the president can take years to unwind
regulations well beyond the important
hundred-day yardstick for new
administrations so in weekly meetings
leading up to January 20th the Trump
aids and you can almost hear the anguish
and that they're writing this with the
Trump aids and lawmakers worked from a
shared Excel spreadsheet to develop a
list of possible targets rules enacted
late in Barack Obama's presidency that
they viewed as a vast regulatory
overreach that was stifling economic
growth and you will remember at the end
of Obama's presidency he hit the gas on
regulations because he knew nobody would
stop and he would just had his foot down
on the gas he did was not expecting this
the result and this is the New York
Times direct from a former newspaper the
result was a historic reversal of
government rules in record time mr.
Trump has used the review act as a
regulatory wrecking ball signing 13
bills that erased rules on the
environment labor
financial protections Internet privacy
abortion education and gun rights in the
laws 21-year history it had been used
successfully only once before when
President George W Bush reversed a
Clinton era
ergonomics rule the effort has surpassed
its architects most ambitious hopes and
that just the rest is the is liberal
tear so you know what I had for
breakfast this morning
there was
the rest is just this sobbing and these
regulations this is no small thing this
is the way this is the way that we are
being controlled by the left hey I got a
stop we got to turn off Facebook and
YouTube so come on over to the Daily
wire calm cuz the mailbag is coming up
