for the past couple of weeks president
Trump has been raided railing against
the trade treachery of our neighbor to
the north Canada Canada has replaced
China as Trump's new Bugaboo at the same
time Trump turned his anger against the
evil Canucks
he said China was not a currency
manipulator that's because Trump is now
attempting to appeal to the blue-collar
workers in the swing states who've been
harmed by Canada's protectionism there's
nothing wrong with Trump ripping
Canadian protectionism on milk
importation it's true the Canada has
been terrifying American milk products
in order to subsidize its domestic
farming industry here's what Trump
tweeted today quote Canada has made
business for our dairy farmers in
Wisconsin and other border states very
difficult we will not stand for this
watch but it's Trump solution that's
sort of a problem instead of pressuring
Canada to lower its tariffs on Wisconsin
milk Trump has decided to retaliate via
tariffs of his own with no sign that
he's using those tariffs as leverage to
tamp down protectionism from the Trudeau
administration on Monday night Trump
announced a conservative allies he would
put a quote countervailing duty of
somewhere between three and twenty four
percent on Canadian lumber the United
States by is nearly 80% of all Canadian
softwood lumber exports this means
builders will pay the price for Trump
state's trade retaliation as Cato
Institute pointed out a decade and a
half ago quote the resulting addition of
800 to 1300 dollars to the cost of a new
home prices some 300,000 families out of
the housing market workers in the major
lumber using sectors outnumber logging
and sawmill workers by better than 25 to
one but this tariff does pay off
domestic loggers are celebrating along
with their Democratic representatives
Senator Ron Wyden is a radical leftist
and he called the move a quote message
that help is on the way
herein lies the problem the truth is
that the trade dispute over lumber has
nothing to do with the trade dispute
over dairy the issues are not linked
America has had a long-standing dispute
with Canada over lumber for the past
three decades but Trump likes tariffs
and he wants to raise them he has a
particular constituency that he wants to
protect and just as Democrats do with
domestic spending he's going to use
trade to help them out through indirect
taxation that's why Trump has blamed
NAFTA for Canadian trade intransigence
which doesn't make a lot of sense
considering that NAFTA lowered tariffs
rather than raising them if front were
using the new lumber tariffs as leverage
for future negotiations that would be
understandable but it appears he's just
using the milk dispute as a trigger for
the protectionism he so desperately
seeks look for more punitive measures
that harm American producers and
consumers from the Trump administration
unfortunately i'm ben shapiro this is
the ben shapiro show
so tons of breaking news this morning
we're gonna get to the latest on Mike
Flynn it now appears that Mike Flynn may
have broken the law and the White House
is sort of stonewalling for him which is
really not good
meanwhile we will talk about the
government shutdown which this is not
just Trump's fault Republicans do not
know how to handle government shutdowns
and we're going to talk about what they
actually should be doing on all of this
plus I want to talk about a poll that is
really disturbing to me but first we are
going to say thank you to our
advertisers over a bowline branch so
I've spoken about the wonders of bowline
branch for months now on the program and
I mean every word I say I am NOT a good
sleeper I sleep really poorly I sleep
really lightly it got to the point where
after I got these Bull and bran treats
bowl and branch makes the greatest
sheets in the business they organic
cotton really comfortable they really
breathe now that I've slept under or
these bull and branch sheets I literally
cannot sleep on any other sheets they
have ruined other sheets for pee because
the sheets are such qualities bull and
branch comp remote code bed and get $50
off your first set of sheets plus free
shipping the sheets are like 200 bucks
for a set of sheets which if you're
talking about really really high quality
sheets actually is not a lot of money
plus remember you're sleeping on them
every single night so they are super
duper comfortable as I say they breathe
they're like half the price of expensive
retail markup and you get twice the
quality of the stuff that you're gonna
get at your local retailer because this
is they just are the best you can try
them for 30 nights see for yourself you
don't like them you can send them back
for a full refund everybody who tries
them likes them that's why 3x president
Plus Bill Clinton's lovers sleep on bull
and branch sheets Boehm branch is just
the company is great the product is
fantastic if you go to bowl and branch
comm today you get $50 off your first
set of sheets plus free shipping when
you use that promo code Ben Bo LL and
branch con promo code Ben as I say
frequently it's it's one of those things
that will make you feel rich even if you
are not because sleeping on a luxurious
set of sheets is really top-notch and as
I say it's so good that I can't sleep on
other sheets now we bought a bunch of
sets on our own initiative because we
can't sleep on any other sheet Pole and
branch the best in the business
okay so a lot to talk about today I want
to start off with this poll from Pew
Research that is deeply troubling to me
and should be troubling to all
conservatives that is this poll shows
that more Americans now want bigger
government with more services now that
Trump is president
so if that seems counterintuitive it
shouldn't be the fact is that Trump did
not campaign on the basis of small
government he campaigned on cutting some
regulations he campaigned on the basis
of cutting waste fraud and abuse but
when it came to funding of programs it's
hard to find a program that he wanted to
fund it other than the EPA and foreign
aid however other program he wanted to
increase funding Veterans Affairs one
increased funding military spending and
one to increase funding on the
entitlement programs he wanted to
increase funding he wanted to increase
funding on health care because he said
that nobody should should be left out on
the street and all the rest of it Trump
is not a small government guy the era of
small government according to
Republicans apparently is over so the
poll shows that Americans now want more
spending on programs ranging from
veterans benefits and services to
infrastructure from Medicare to health
care from defense to environmental
protection from social security as to
assistance to the needy all of them
Americans now want more more government
than they did back in February 2013 when
Barack Obama had just been reelected and
was starting his second term so for
example veterans benefits and services
653 percent of Americans wanted more
funding for that in February 2013 today
that is seventy five percent let's take
one that lefties like let's take
assistance to the needy in the United
States listen we all like assistance to
the needy I want to be done through
private organizations the left wants it
done through government only 21 percent
of Americans in February 2013 thought
that the government should provide more
assistance to the needy today that
number is 29 percent so it's risen by 8%
since Donald Trump has taken office
government assistance to the unemployed
it's up 5 percent from 24 to 29 sorry
assistance in leading the world is from
21 to 29 assistance to the needy in the
United States is up from 27 percent to
45 percent an 18 point jump from the
Obama era so what's happening here
what's happening here is obviously
unfortunately it now appears that a lot
of the small government rhetoric of a
lot of people on the right was just
reactionary tribalism directed at Barack
Obama as soon as they got one of their
own in then all of a sudden all of the
small government rhetoric went
completely out the window because we
like Trump but we didn't like Obama so
it was bad when Obama spent but it's
good when Trump spends this is stupidity
it's just silliness and you can see that
a lot of this shift is coming from
Republicans not from Democrats in 2013
only 28% of Republicans wanted increased
spending on roads and infrastructure 21%
wanted less spending on those things
today 55% of Republican
increase spending on infrastructure that
is due to Donald Trump and it's also due
to the fact that Republicans have bought
into I think all Americans unfortunately
have now bought into the idea that the
government can fix your problems the
government cannot fix your problems and
you are seeing this from mainstream
Republicans you've seen it for years
from mainstream Republicans today the
obvious example comes from John Kasich
so John Kasich is the governor of Ohio
who I could not stand in the primaries
as you remember every time John Kasich
spoke during the primaries I said oh god
no please God not John Kasich
oh yes John Kasich Governor of Ohio and
MSNBC this morning listen to how he
describes President Trump my wife says
you're the father of Ohio why don't you
act like it it's in the book and and I
changed and you know when you're running
a big job like that you have to not only
use your head but your heart and they
have to work together and what he needs
to know is he's the father of America
and and that carries a heavy
responsibility
it's tweeting less he's it at less than
a hundred days and give the guy a chance
is my view and you look there's nobody
that has been look I didn't endorse him
I didn't go to the convention I want him
to be successful I'm gonna give him a
chance
but yeah okay to you paraphrase triumph
the comic insult dog I poop on this okay
the idea that John Kasich is the father
of Ohio Donald Trump is the father of
America I'm old enough to remember when
Chris Rock said about Barack Obama that
he was like the country's dad and
Republicans and conservatives said are
you out of your mind he's not like my
dad I don't need Obama as my dad I have
a dad but adds great okay I don't need
Barack Obama or Donald Trump or John
Kasich to be my dad because government
is not my parent government is there to
do a job to defend and protect my rights
but it is not there to be my mommy or my
daddy but now you have Republicans
including John Kasich and I think to a
certain extent Trump buying into this
generalized idea only I can solve okay
only you can solve let's be real about
this Trump cannot solve your problems
only you in a free country can solve
your problems John Kasich cannot solve
your problems only you in a free country
can solve your problems and this idiotic
notion that government is supposed to
sit over us and fix all of our problems
is really a Democrat Left notion this
idea that Trump can do it with tariffs
this idea that Trump is going to change
the economics and the working of
economics to protect his specific group
of people it is no better than Democrats
using direct taxation to redistribute
wealth to you
in direct taxation to redistribute
wealth but I think Republicans have
bought into this big government nonsense
and it really is upsetting and it
demonstrates the the moral corruptness
of a movement that claimed that it was
small government through and through and
then turns around and says that it's not
small government anymore as soon as
somebody they like is in then blow out
the spending that's really dishonest and
it's dishonest in it in a huge way you
can see that it's honesty when it comes
to the government shutdown so Donald
Trump wants his wall funded by Congress
it should be funded by Congress we
should have a physical barrier on the
southern border it should either be
fencing or a wall it should be monitored
we shouldn't have people crossing the
border illegally I was for a wall before
Trump was and after the Trump wall is
not built presumably I still will be for
the Trump wall when Trump who said he
kept his promise bottom line is that
Trump says he wants funding for the wall
and Republicans in Congress go and
Democrats in Congress gonna say no way
we're not going to do it if you do that
we will shut down the government we will
not pass a budget with funding for your
stupid wall in it so what does Trump do
Trump backs down and Republicans back
down Trump and Republicans say no you
know what we've decided differently
we're not gonna do that anymore you know
screw it no big deal we'll move off of
it okay this is why Republicans cannot
be trusted to cut the government here's
how the logic should work Republicans
are making the case for decades that
small government is better that is
Ronald Reagan pointed the problem in
America is not you the problem is the
government the government is the problem
right that was that was Ronald Reagan's
case so if government is the problem
less of it would be a good thing so
Republicans to a certain extent should
be rooting for a government shutdown
because vital essential services
continue to be performed the military
continues to operate the the social
services like Social Security it
continues get paid those are considered
essential services that are not cut when
there is a government shutdown people
continue to work right that's just the
way that this the system works but
Republicans are so damn scared of
government shutdowns that they think
that it's going to crush them now let's
examine that for a second if you're a
Republican why are you scared of a
government shutdown you're advocating
for cuts to government every single day
why are you scared of a government
shutdown shouldn't you say okay fine
shut down the government let's see what
happens is that we're going to die right
you're the ones who want the government
open you tell me why the government
should stay open you explain to me why
the government should stay open on the
terms that you want
if you want to shut down the government
fine we can all exist without the
government we can all exist without the
government doing all of these stupid
things that the government is doing you
know how meaningless the government
shutdown was during when Cruz and the
Republicans tried to defund Obamacare
and there's a government shutdown for
like a month you know how little it
mattered you know how little it mattered
it matters so little that Barack Obama
in order to show you how much it
mattered had to forcibly shut open air
national parks that's how little it
mattered because he couldn't come up
with a victim zombies weren't stalking
the streets there weren't people being
shot on mass there wasn't mass chaos it
wasn't the purge right nothing bad was
happening so Obama in order to show how
terrible was that the government had
shut down had to forcibly shut like the
World War Two memorial and ban people in
wheelchairs from going and visiting the
memorial for their buddies that's how he
had to do that specifically in order to
demonstrate how terrible how terrible
the government shutdown was shut
national parks right which was nothing
nothing to operate it could just
redirected money he could have just
redirected money and kept them up and
but he wanted people to feel the
suffering and the only way he could make
people feel the suffering was to shut
down national parks what Republicans
should have said is dude if that's all
this is like you're shutting down
national parks here's a bill to reopen
the national parks and let's just leave
everything else closed Republicans in
other words conservatives should not be
afraid of government shutdowns
because we're constantly making the case
that not only should there be a
temporary government shutdown a lot of
these programs should just die they
should just go away
we shouldn't have them at all and yet
Republicans treat government shutdowns
like they're the end of the world and
Democrats treat government shutdowns
like well you know it'll just redound to
our benefit what's the big deal if
there's a government shutdown you know
why that is that's because both parties
have been complicit in pushing the
notion that big government is good for
you
it does not make sense for a small
government party to be scared of a
government shutdown it only makes sense
for a big government party to be scared
of a government shutdown and right now
Trump has the perfect ground to stand on
so I want a flashback to the last
government shutdown this is the shutdown
that happened over Obamacare and here is
what Barack Obama said about the
government shutdown and this was an
Obama did what a president should do
during a government shutdown he's a
terrible president but he did what a
president should do he blamed it on the
opposing party and he said here is their
priority they think is so important and
here is why the government shouldn't be
shutdown over that priority here's what
Obama did at midnight last night for the
first time in 17 years
the Republicans in Congress chose to
shut down the federal government it
might be more specific one faction of
one party in one house of Congress in
one branch of government shut down major
parts of the government all because they
didn't like one law this Republican
shutdown did not have to happen but I
want every American to understand why it
didn't happen
Republicans in the House of
Representatives refused to fund the
government unless we defunded or
dismantled the Affordable Care Act okay
so he was blaming it on Republicans
don't want Obamacare fund it so the case
he was making is they shouldn't have
shut down the government over they hate
the Affordable Care Act why can't Trump
make that same case of you shouldn't
shut down the government just cuz you
don't want to fund a border wall it
demonstrates how your open border
globalists right this is his entire case
this is his case for being president I
am NOT an open borders globalist the
Democrats are that's why we need a wall
on the border shouldn't he be out there
screaming in favor of a government
shutdown if the Democrats are gonna do
it fine you don't want to fund the
government because you want to keep that
border open so anyone who wants you can
cross it fine your problem let's play
this game right this is a game of
chicken this is a game of chicken and
what Republicans constantly do is they
don't understand how the game of chicken
works so not to drop a thread game
theory on you okay but there's a basic
concept in game theory called chicken
right and this is the way that it works
if there are two people who are running
a car directly at each other their worst
outcome is if nobody swerves right
that's the worst outcome for both
parties nobody swerves and there's a
crash the second or style come is if
you're the guy who swerves and the other
car just keeps driving straight forward
that's the second worst outcome the best
and the best outcome for you is if the
other guy swerves that's the best
outcomes if the other guy swerves so how
do you make the other guy swerve in a
game of chicken the way that you make
the other guy swerve in a game of
chicken is you demonstrate openly and
obviously to the other person that you
are not going to swerve no matter what
you put a brick on the accelerator and
you take the club and you put it on the
steering wheel
I cannot swerve now I've pre committed
to not swerving so either you're gonna
swerve or you're gonna get in the crash
but you have no choices right and the
worst of those two options for you is to
get in the crash
so you swerve right instead what
Republicans do is they pre
were they said we're not going to shut
down the government they always say that
we're not going to shut down the
government under no circumstances are we
gonna shut down the government
you idiots if you if you want to lose
these scans off that is the government
shutdown continue to be this stupid
right Barack Obama was perfectly happy
with the shutdown he was perfectly happy
with the shutdown but here was Mitch
McConnell talking about the shutdown at
exactly the same time switch to the
issue of potential government shutdown
you probably know that Democrats are
making a big deal out of comments that
you made talking about the strategy that
you would use if you became majority
leader to use spending bills to change
policy and that they eat it that you
didn't rule out a government shutdown
can you just say I did rule it out I'm
the guy to get this out of shutdown
remember me I'm the guy to get this out
of shutdown and but that doesn't mean
that Congress has an obligation to send
appropriation bill to the president that
are a blank check which is the way it's
been with the Democratic Senate one of
the powers of Congress is to direct
spending and we have an abusive
bureaucracy across the board has been
particularly bad here in Kentucky with
the EPA and the coal industry it needs
to have some directions from Congress
McConnell says shut down to our failed
policy ye shutdowns are not a failed
policy shutdowns our failed policy if
you lose okay I don't understand how
this works so when Barack Obama's
president the shutdown hurts the
Republicans but when Trump is president
the shutdown hurts the Republicans how
does this work exactly it's just
insanity I want to talk a little bit
more about this in just a second and the
in the reaction that people should be
having to the the to the wall and all
the rest of this but first I want to say
thank you so our sponsors over at my
Patriots apply so if you are concerned
about North Korea developing a nuke if
you are concerned about earthquake if
you're concerned about a tornado if
you're concerned about a flood if you're
concerned in any case that there's gonna
be some sort of disaster for which you
need resources then you owe it to
yourself and your family go to prepare
with Ben comprehend calm 888 803 1413
and get your four-week emergency food
supply for only $99 plus free shipping
right now if you go to prepare with Ben
Calm it's it's all of this food that
makes sure you and your family are fed
you buy it now you don't have to worry
about it cuz it last basically forever
last a long
long time it tastes like home cooking
according to folks in the studio who
have actually tasted it it's prepared
with been calm and again that makes sure
that you and your family are safe again
it's a one-time cost is 99 bucks you
never have to worry about it again you
take it you stash it in the closet and
then you never have to worry about it
until that time when you should actually
be working you go oh I remember I went
from prepare with been calm and that's
when I bought all of my food I bought my
emergency food supply and so I don't
have to worry well everybody outside is
starving in the zombie apocalypse you
don't have to worry about it if you go
to prepare with been calm right now and
check it out so go over there and get to
your four-week emergency food supply for
just $99 you owe it to yourself and to
your family to do that so what actually
gets shut down during it during a
government shutdown what actually gets
shut down during the government shutdown
is they delay unemployment insurance
they delay Veterans Benefits maybe maybe
that's unclear national parks museums
and passport offices whatever the Small
Business Administration and FHA don't
guarantee new loan applications which is
probably a good thing considering the
half of what they're guaranteeing are
bad loans the private industry wouldn't
wouldn't give farm subsidy checks stop
flowing
oh no farm subsidies an IRS tax
processing would slow down oh no it
turns out the IRS won't be able to audit
you that's so terrible oh no what are we
ever going to do without the IRS
auditing people social security checks
continue to go military spending
continued to continues to to happen
Commerce and labor departments shut down
oh no that's so terrible all of this is
temporary by the way right tsa continues
to Bob to bother you FBI VA all this
continues to function disaster relief
continues to function the Postal Service
continues to deliver the mail the
Federal Reserve continues to work right
so basically the the parts of the
government that people consider vital
and many that aren't vital continue to
operate in the government shutdown but
Republicans are so scared because
they're all pansies they're so scared of
this stupid government shutdown the the
people are asking what about IRS tax
returns how about my tax refund yes the
IRS will be slower to process your tax
refund they'll also be slower to audit
you you can honest-to-god like I think
that you're better off with the the IRS
failing to audit you it's not a tax
refund it's your money in the first
place so if you so maybe you'd be better
off for there to be a government
shutdown if they're gonna do one let's
do it like April 10th right do it right
before tax season and then they can't
even process your tax returns you only
have to turn them in presumably but
here's the thing if the wall is that
important if the wall is that important
then you should be willing to stand up
against the Democrats on this and say
exactly what Barack Obama said and say
look the people who are shutting this
down are the Democrats it's not me and
they're shutting it down to prevent a
wall from being built that will protect
all Americans
isn't that a publicity win for them
isn't that a publicity win but you can
see the Trump administration fussing
around on this because a big government
party has to avoid a government shutdown
here's Sean Spicer being asked about
Mexico funding the wall and the funding
battle that in order to get the ball
rolling on border security in the wall
that he was going to have to use the
appropriations process but he would make
sure that that promise would be kept as
far as the payment of it by hey if
you're coming in from our southern
border there he has taken a lot of steps
so far that has deterred border
crossings but this is a permanent step
that will extend beyond his presidency
eight years from now the next president
will have that law in place to make sure
that that doesn't continues okay so he
says that he is gonna get built and sure
Mexico will eventually pay for it you
should be angry with Trump if Trump is
not willing to go to the mat on this
thing you should be angry with him and I
understand he doesn't want the bad
headlines on day 100 or whatever but who
cares
show some backbone here show some
backbone this was your key issue shows
him back on Charles Krauthammer I think
mimics the talk of Democrats when he
says the Democrats have the advantage
here was his take on this and I think
this is totally wrong people accept the
Berrier idea but if you look at the
polling on the wall I think the
Democrats have the advantage I don't
particularly understand why anybody
would object to a barrier of any sort at
the border even if it's marginally
effective okay so you know this idea
that the wall is unpopular so Trump will
lose this battle no he won't the reason
that he won't lose this battle is
because what the polls show is that
Americans don't care all that much about
the wall but if Trump makes this battle
about one side wants there to be no
barrier whatsoever so people can enter
illegally and they're willing to shut
down the government for it that's a
winning political battle and you should
stand by the power of his idea rather
than caving to the power of big
government which is unfortunately what I
think that the Republican Party in large
measure has become which is really quite
terrible well as we continue here at the
Daily wire we're going to talk about
every
it's happened with Mike Flynn there's
there's some big news breaking it looks
like Mike Flynn may be in some deeper
trouble the former national security
adviser it's it's gonna heat up for the
White House which is not good news and
we're also going to be talking about the
battle that's broken out on cable
between Fox News and CNN over a sexual
harassment and all the rest plus I have
to play you the most ridiculous video in
the history of mankind
Bill Nye has now cut the most ridiculous
video in the history mankind but to see
it you'll actually have to subscribe
over at daily wire com $8 a month get to
a subscription over at daily wire if you
become an annual subscriber you get a
free copy of the arroyo fictional film
set on the southern border all about why
we need a wall okay the entire film is
about a rancher who's facing down drug
cartels using his land as a thoroughfare
really good movie can get that for free
when you become an annual subscriber or
if you're just a subscriber go over to
Daley we're calm right now subscribe
watch the rest of the show live watch me
neck fun and Bill and I and and be part
of the mailbag in a couple of days so
check that out plus if you if you don't
want to subscribe right now you just
wanna listen later go to iTunes or
SoundCloud become a subscriber there
subscribe to iTunes and leave us a
review we always appreciate it we are
the largest conservative podcast in the
nation
you
