with the release of Jonathan Alan's and
Amy Parnes shattered inside Hillary
Clinton's doomed campaign the patina of
credibility surrounding Hillary
Clinton's presidential campaign has
finally imploded we know that her
campaign was plagued by infighting
stupidity and arrogance we know that all
of this mentioned couldn't unify
Democrats during the primaries and she
couldn't unified Democrats even after
the primaries we know that you didn't
take the most rudimentary polling data
in swing states for weeks before the
election and we know she had no
centralizing message to her campaign yet
today Democrats worked on Hillary's
campaign were concerned with
demonstrating that everybody on the
campaign got along famously famously do
you hear
never mind that Hillary lost the most
winnable election in history against
Donald Trump Donald Trump know
everything was hunky-dory
so like moths to the Twitter flame
Hillary staffers emerged to show the
mutual love from the campaign trail
yep look at these all these happy people
of Hillary they love each other ah look
at this oh it's so nice everybody's so
happy while she's losing to Donald Trump
yeah see people sometimes mouthed at
each other like they liked each other
and everything that an awesome time
while losing to Donald Trump you guys
because as we know pictures always
demonstrate that people love each other
and are not engaged in dysfunctional
relationships that end in disaster
right like Stalin and all those people
and okay and Nicole and the Menendez
brothers and Yoko knowing the Beatles
and Bill and Hillary Clinton well oh
well so much for that I'm Ben Shapiro
this is the Ben Shapiro show
they got nothing gang I mean Hillary's
campaign was a complete disaster it was
a complete cluster F and and the reason
that was because the person who the top
didn't know what she was doing but we
will get to all of that plus I want to
get to Bill O'Reilly being ousted from
Fox News what does that mean they're a
bunch of lessons to be learned from that
particular one plus a little bit later
in the program we're gonna be having on
based stick man based stick man that's
Kyle Chapman who became famous because
he whacked somebody with a stick during
the March 2017 rally for Donald Trump in
which an Tifa attacked and he defended
so we'll be talking with him in just a
little while about the goings on the
latest goings on at Berkley and Ann
Coulter and everything else but first I
want to say thank you to our sponsors
over at my Patriot supply so if you are
concerned about the fact that the North
Koreans are actually interested in
nuking us and seem rather unpredictable
and keep testing missiles and are
obviously building up their
thermonuclear capacity if this concerns
you at all and you are worried about the
possibility of that or natural disaster
basically anything going wrong where
you're in need of food but you haven't
gone to the grocery store or there's a
rush on the grocery stores and the
government can't get to you that's why
you need to go over to prepare with been
calm prepare with been calm eight eight
eight eight oh three fourteen thirteen
for your four-week emergency food supply
it's only $99 plus free shipping it
lasts for four weeks obviously and that
means that you and your family are gonna
be safe for four weeks for just 99 bucks
minutes and low enough price that you
deal once you stick it in your basement
and then you don't have to worry about
it until disaster strikes at which point
you're glad that you spent the ninety
nine dollars with my Patriot supply and
prepare with Ben comprehend calm eight
eight eight eight oh three fourteen
thirteen out here in California
everybody is worried about earthquakes
but nobody's actually gone and done
their shopping well if you go to prepare
with Ben calm eight eight eight eight oh
three fourteen thirteen you don't have
to worry about it you just stick that in
the closet and then next time disaster
strikes you're the only one on the Block
who is prepared and safe prepare with
Ben calm $99 four week emergency food
supply and I've been told by the staff
that it tastes like home cooking so it
tastes pretty good apparently all right
prepare with Ben comm check it out okay
so big story of the day remains the
ouster of Bill O'Reilly at Fox News so
the biggest host in the history of Fox
News is now out on his on his rear and
that is an amazing thing I mean it's
it's an it's obviously a sort of
earth-shattering move when it comes to
the women when it comes to the media and
there's a reason why this happened and
that is that all of these women were
coming forward and telling stories about
how Bill O'Reilly was hitting on them
there they were all coming forward and
saying that Bill O'Reilly had had tried
to solicit them for sex and then when
they had not given in then he had
refused to help them with their careers
that basically held out the carrot of
I'll help you with your career if you
have sex with me and then he had backed
off of that the minute they wouldn't or
he had called them up on the phone and
said dirty things to them all of this is
bad stuff and he had settled down
apparently many many times and Fox News
had settled out many many times they did
an internal review of Oliver ailee's you
know supposed to escapades and they they
had Paul Weiss which is a major law firm
to the internal review and apparently
there was a split in the Murdoch family
Rupert wanted to keep Bill O'Reilly and
the sons wanted to get rid of Bill
O'Reilly because they thought that he
was a liability now a lot of advertisers
had dropped out and this I think is the
first thing to say the first thing to
say is that there is a real tendency on
the right to run from people because
they've lost their advertisers and the
left knows this and that's why Media
Matters has been used for years as the
tip of the spear in fighting the
right-wing media when we were truth
revolt we tried to apply the same
tactics to MSNBC and we were actually
successful we wanted to establish a
mutually assured destruction here is my
view
advertisers should generally not be
boycotted based on the the shows upon
which they advertise I think secondary
boycotts are generally not a good thing
I think they create a less free culture
in America it's not a legal thing but it
is a a culture thing if the idea is you
don't like Bill O'Reilly and so you're
going to boycott his advertisers then
you are effectively cracking down on a
certain amount of free speech not that
you can't do it legally not that it's
not in some cases moral to do it but as
a general rule this this this kind of
ease with which we do this now or we
call up advertisers and say that we're
going to boycott your company unless you
pull advertising from a particular show
this is how the left really slammed rush
limbaugh after the sandra fluke incident
this is how the left is going after
people like Michael Savage the left has
also gone after obviously now Bill
O'Reilly so Media Matters basically
astroturfed
thousand people to call up the
advertisers on Fox News and say we don't
want to see your probe we don't want to
see your commercial on Bill O'Reilly or
we're gonna pull all the money they've
done this to Glenn Beck as well
basically if you're anybody on the right
and you've reached a certain level of
notoriety the left will at some point
attempt to go after your advertisers
which is really nasty stuff and
advertisers should know going forward
that this stuff happens that there that
there is astroturfed attempts to destroy
particular hosts because the left wants
to destroy the hosts not because the
advertisers are really in any danger
usually a 500 people sort of in in the
advertising industry they don't want
controversy and they are not interested
in having 500 people call their
headquarters and so the easiest thing to
do is just pull your ad and put it
someplace else where you can get an
equal number of eyeballs but it would be
great to see advertisers actually a
little bit of deeper digging and see
whether it's Media Matters creating a
listserv that they they send out to a
hundred thousand people and then 500 of
them call or whether it's actually 500
potential clients of the advertiser who
have decided they're really really angry
whether there's really widespread
outrage over all of this now that's it
so that's point number one is that just
because boycotting on a Reilly work
doesn't mean that boycotting in general
is a good tactic or worthwhile tactic or
a useful tactic particularly the
mainstream commentators of either side I
think that's that sort of a problem the
second point here is the O'Reilly
specific points that one's not specific
to O'Reilly because this happens as I
say to a lot of conservative hosts from
time to time in their career which is
why for example you will see and the
right doesn't engage in this the right
will not boycott advertisers because
they advertise on Chris Hayes or or
Rachel Maddow the left will boycott
advertisers or at least say they're
gonna boycott advertisers based on you
know stuff that the advertise is based
on them advertising on sean hannity show
for example and that's why when you
watch fox news a lot of the advertisers
are gold companies or walk-in shower
companies and you and watch MSNBC it's
all institutional advertisers meaning
you know car companies you know beer
companies because the even though MSNBC
has way lower ratings than fox news and
the reason for that is obvious and
that's because these advertisers are
wary of being slammed with bad publicity
now boycotts work on both sides and in
some cases I think boycotts are
justified like I think that you're
perfectly within your rights to say I
don't feel like going to target if I'm
afraid
that I'm gonna bring my child into a
bathroom and then a man's gonna walk
into the bathroom in the girls bathroom
I think it's perfectly legit it's a
perfectly responsible action I don't
think it's legit when you say I don't
like the point of view on this
particular show therefore I'm boycotting
the advertiser on this particular show
that's directed at the at the exercise
of free speech again legal I don't think
it's particularly moral I'm not a big
fan of it so that's point number one
point number two is the is the O'Reily
specific point and this is a real
problem for the right so there are a
bunch of women who have now come out
made allegations about Bill O'Reilly
Margaret Hoover was one of the women who
used to be on Fox News a fair bit and
yesterday she was talking about never
being alone in a room with Bill O'Reilly
Bill O'Reilly never hit on me Bill
O'Reilly never sexually harassed me I
will say though as a young woman
many of us have experiences at our own
comfort place and I had some experiences
were uncomfortable enough for me to know
never to put myself in a position where
I was alone with Bill or alone with
people that made me feel uncomfortable
and so when I heard first read
Gretchen's complaint and when Gretchen
Carlson's complained who was really the
hero and the unsung hero of all of this
story because she is the one woman who
stood up in the face of a culture that
was condoning bad behavior for years and
years and years and years it was
eminently believable because there was
just a feel of interacting at times that
was deeply uncomfortable and it was easy
for me to extrapolate that if I hadn't
been doing these to protect myself that
I might have ended up in a position
where I could have been following so
okay so there's a point she makes here
that I think is kind of amusing in one
sense she says that she makes a point
never to be alone in room with a man and
the entire left coast yeah that makes
perfect sense because men are pigs Mike
Pence says he makes a point never to be
alone in a room with a woman and the
entire left goes insane his assumption
is that men are pigs so Mike Pence makes
the exact same assumption as Margaret
Hoover and Margaret Hoover is right in
Mike Pence is wrong but the broader
point that she's making is that there
was a culture at Fox News that tolerated
this sort of stuff
Kirsten power says the same thing here's
what she said I was on air actually with
Margaret Hoover who was at CNN now on a
regular segment we were on every Mondays
and he got Margaret's name wrong and
Margaret said hey get my name right and
he said oh I'm sorry there's a lot of
blondes in this operation I can't keep
you all straight making Kelly's coming
up starts telling all these blonde names
and then at the end of the segment says
thank you for
you're blondeness to both of us so I
went to his executive producer and I
said he needs to apologize and he needs
to never do that again or I'm not doing
his show anymore and I was told
basically well you know bill there's
nothing we can do about it he's a
throwback he's kind of an Archie Bunker
and I said well if you mean he's a
Neanderthal then we're on the same page
he can never do that again I'm a
political analyst here when to bill came
back said no he's not gonna apologize so
then I went to my I was called into my
boss's office I was told what can we do
it's bill there's nothing we can do you
know we're sorry this happened to you
but there's nothing we can do I
complained to Roger Ailes I was told the
same exact thing there's nothing we can
do it's bill he's a jerk
nobody likes him yeah and then Roger
said you know bill he likes to put up
dirty pictures and ask pretty girls to
talk about them okay so the the idea
that you know O'Reilly would have to
apologize for the fact that Fox News has
lots of blonds on the air and he made a
comment about it I think that's a bit of
a stretch I mean let's be real about
this Fox News has lots of blonds you
know I think there is definitely a
blonde affirmative action program that
exists at Fox News and you know making a
making a comment about that is not even
close to the bad stuff that Bill
O'Reilly is accused of doing I mean
there's an entire list of bad things
that Bill O'Reilly has been accused of
doing this ones is not even chart but
here's the problem there was indeed a
culture at Fox News that basically was
tolerant of what appears to be a lot of
allegations of sexual harassment not
just about O'Reilly but also about Roger
Ailes of course Roger Ailes was said to
have said really dirty things and
threatened people's jobs based on their
refusal to have sex with him all of that
is is deeply troubling stuff and as far
as the O'Reilly allegations I always
find it hard to believe that none of the
allegations are true when you have like
ten allegations there's a bunch of
allegations about the about this whole
this whole shtick you know there was
there's people who and Ray Makris who's
one of his producers who I knew when
when she actually has to had me on all
Riley show a while ago she was she she
won't I think a ten million dollar
settlement from O'Reilly that was the
famous case where he was calling her up
in the middle of the night allegedly and
then he was suggesting that there was a
that there was a that she's a loofah and
all this kind of stuff you know that
sort of stuff to many allegations to
simply dismiss although I'll give you a
quick list and very Makris receives that
nine million dollar settlement after
O'Reilly allegedly made sexual
references to her via phone former guest
Wendy Walsh accused O'Reilly of offering
to help her at Fox but cutting her debt
when she refused to sexual advances
former guest Julianne hoodie received
one point six million dollar settlement
from Fox News after she alleged that he
made sexual phone calls to her and then
tried to harm her career
former host andrea tantaros filed a
lawsuit against o'reilly and roger ailes
who was ousted last year after similar
allegations Lori do similarly sued both
both over similar allegations received a
settlement in excess of a million bucks
former host Rebecca Gomez Dimond alleged
sexual phone calls from O'Reilly and
then there was a report this week from
attorney Lisa bloom that one of her
clients is called hot chocolate by
O'Reilly and that a Reilly leered at her
there's some people who write this kind
of stuff off I don't somebody who works
in an office and runs in office I don't
think it's appropriate for people to be
acting in this manner I think just as a
gentleman forget about the office
environment there's a gentleman it's not
appropriate to be acting in this manner
and there was a tolerance of the sort of
behavior obviously up to and including
Roger Ailes and by Roger Ailes also and
that's a big problem now the reason that
I point this out is not to suggest that
all males are pigs and all males are
sexual harassers and that there's a rape
culture in the United States what it is
to suggest is that powerful people are
able to get away on both sides of the
aisle with behavior that would have the
rest of us in serious trouble and that's
a problem and that's not just because
powerful people are able to manipulate
the system that's also because we as
citizens look up to powerful people
people we see on TV a lot people who are
in politics and we are willing to excuse
their sins based on the fact that we
like all the other things that they are
saying and doing so Wendy Walsh was one
of the people who sued O'Reilly or
alleged bad activity by O'Reilly she
spoke out yesterday and she talked about
O'Reilly and Trump and remember Trump
defended O'Reilly over all of these
allegations originally do you would you
like to see the President of the United
States address it do you think he was a
it was appropriate for him to do it in
the first place yeah I mean doesn't have
better things to do we got a problem
with Korea right now and Syria I mean
come on but I do think these two are
birds of a feather they're men of
certain generation who thought of women
as you know ornaments in workplaces and
I'm hoping I have faith in the
president's daughter Ivanka that she is
going to do more for women than her
father okay so the reason that I have a
problem with Republicans going along
with all this like Democrats always went
around the hypocrisy point Democrats
always went along with this right
Democrats are fine with Bill Clinton
sexually molesting the help they don't
have any problem with that whatsoever
when it's on the right side of the aisle
it's the end of the world but this is a
tendency that now crosses the aisle I
was always under the impression that
people on my side of the aisle people on
the right were not willing to stand for
bad behavior just because you happen to
agree with somebody it's one thing if
the allegations are not credible or it's
one allegation it gets settled out of
court for purposes of just getting it
off the table but if it's multiple
allegations you do not look askance at
the people who are alleging it if it's
tons and tons of allegations just
because you like the guy it's one thing
if the allegations are not credible but
again if you have lots of credible
allegations lots of settlements
out-of-court the law firm at Fox News
saying this is a problem then you do
have to look at yourself and determine
whether the reason that you are
supporting a character is because you
think that they are in the right and
truly innocent or is the reason you're
supporting the character because you
agree with a lot of the things that they
have to say and that is a problem
because it means the hijacking of
particular philosophies about character
about life about the economy about
everything simply because you like a lot
of what the guy is saying we saw this
with regard to polls about Trump yeah
that say that now more Republicans than
Democrats think it's okay for a
politician to cheat on his wife or have
sex outside of marriage that that's only
due to Trump and that's because there's
a follow-the-leader mentality that is
natural to human beings that we all have
to fight and the idea of having a good
ideology a good philosophy a good
religious perspective is that you follow
principle above personality I want to
talk a little bit more about that in
just a second but first I want to say
thank you to our new advertisers over at
Realty shares real t-shirt so it's re al
T y re LT Y like Realty shares comm
slash pen so here is what Realty shares
dot-com does so if you are an accredited
investor which means that you have to
hunt you make $200,000 a year you've
been qualify to use Realty shares comm
slash bed you can browse and sign up and
and browse their investments they have a
whole series of Realty investments
and you can put some of your money in
like $5,000 increments into some of
these real estate projects so you can
become a real estate investor by doing
the research on these various projects
at Realty shares comm slash Ben and you
can diversify so instead of having to
sync all your money into one apartment
building instead you can take $5,000 put
an apartment building in Orlando and
then you can take $5,000 and put it into
an apartment into an office building in
San Francisco and you can diversify your
investments this way it's a great way to
get into real estate and it is real
estate group investing so again you're
not picking up the entire onus of the
whole thing it's re alt Y shares calm
Realty shares calm you no longer need
billions or even millions or even tens
of thousand dollars to invest in vetted
real estate assets like there's no
guarantee of course that you are going
to that you were going to make money on
all this stuff real estate investing is
always risky but this gives you the
option to take a look at all of these
various projects and it's a great way to
make a lot of money if you look at all
the people who are very wealthy that you
know it's probably because they took all
the money that they were making and they
stuck it into real into Realty and they
stuck it into real estate there are
close to a hundred thousand investors
nationwide using Realty shares over 60
million dollars in principle has been
returned to the investors it's it's not
liquid meaning you can't just pull your
money out at first blush you can't just
decide it's not like a stock market or
something but it doesn't mean that you
are going to start receiving dividends
on your money pretty quickly Realty
shares calm Rea lty shares dot-com / Ben
and you get $100 toward your first
investment past performance of course is
not guaranteed to recur however
historically Realty Shore shares has
been a source of cash flow investors
have earn monthly and quarterly
distributions as passive income coming
straight into their bank account it's
not an offering of securities private
investments are highly illiquid and
risky are not suitable for all investors
past performance not indicative of
future results securities offered to in
credited investors through north capital
private securities it's a member of
FINRA and the SI PC again Realty shares
comms that's been fantastic way to get
into real estate investing if you are
qualified investor and you get $100
toward your first investment also use
that / Ben so they know that we sent you
as well really cool service excited to
be associated with them okay so the
reason that I lead with all this
O'Reilly stuff and the
the tendency the human tendency of
attempting to swallow the bat along with
the good that somebody does something
bad and now we're just gonna go along
with them the whole way is this involves
a certain amount of corruption of the
soul and that means corruption of the
political soul and the perfect example
of this you know the it is aside from
the the sexual stuff with Trump and
O'Reilly there's a tendency because
people like Donald Trump that they're
going to swallow his agenda wholesale
even stuff that is clearly heretical to
two basic conservative principles so
today a perfect example today Breitbart
news runs a piece in which they
basically say that there is a
libertarian case for trumpian
redistribution ISM right they run it
this is actually written in Breitbart
news today it's called the libertarian
case for Donald Trump's by American
order John Carney writes says today's
critics of trade orthodoxy are so far
removed from those of the past that
perhaps we shouldn't call them
protectionist at all let's call them
what they are economic nationalists no
protectionist our protection is he says
but here's the part that's crazy says it
is altogether possible that one may
prefer lower living standards in favor
of a more humane distribution of wealth
or a government procurement policy that
recycles dollars taxed and borrowed back
into the domestic economy I'll read that
again because it's insane okay it is
altogether possible one may prefer lower
living standards in favor of a more
humane distribution of wealth now I'm
gonna read that in the voice in which it
belongs you ready it is altogether
possible that one may prefer lower
government loving standards in favor of
a more humane distribution of wealth
it's Bernie Sanders it's on the mark
burns Anders okay and they are now
parroting this stuff people on the
supposed it right are parroting this
stuff because they like Donald Trump
that is not excusable and it's not just
Breitbart news which you would expect
because Breitbart news is brain power
news and they love Trump okay that's
fine
it's also Tucker Carlson so Tucker
Carlson has on Mark Cuban Mark Cuban is
a billionaire and here is Tucker Carlson
with Mark Cuban in Cuban shockingly is
taking the more capitalist position is
about h-1b visas this is the program
that allows people with high-tech
degrees to come into the United States
and work for a job the reason that is
good is because otherwise these
companies are simply going to outsource
the jobs or they're going to move the
company altogether they're going to
lower that a labor costs or raise their
prices okay free flow of labor is a
crucial ingredient to having lower
prices and better products here is
Tucker Carlson
with Mark Cuban Cuban is right and
Carlson's about to say something that is
full on Marxism it's pretty crazy would
you apply market forces to your marriage
to your family I mean there are limits
I'm serious capitalism is not a religion
it's an effective way of generating
wealth but to the extent it hurts
Americans shouldn't we respond I mean we
don't do something doing this it's like
a consistent with capital honor you're
the one who said well that's are you
against capitalism I like capitalism but
when it hurts Americans I'm willing to
make adjustments wouldn't you be ok stop
that's mmm ok when he says would you
apply market forces to your family to
your marriage market forces what was
that to do with anything a marriage is a
voluntary agreement I make with my wife
ok that has nothing to do with market
forces I don't want the government
intervening ok we're talking about
government intervention is it now and
here's the crazy part when he says god
capitalism is not a religion it's an
effective way of generating wealth
capitalism is not only good because it
generates more wealth and better
products and services capitalism is good
because it is virtuous ok capitalism and
the free market is virtuous you know why
the free market is virtuous because it
says you own your own labor you own your
own money you own the fruits of your own
labor and no one can tell you how to
spend those fruits no one can tell you
with whom he can do trade no one can
tell you that you are not able to do
trade because there's some other guys
somewhere else who's been hurt in
because you're not doing trade with him
he'd be better off if you traded with
him if you were forced to trade with him
he'd be better off so we're gonna force
you to trade with that guy instead ok
what Tucker Carlson says right there is
an anthem unto conservatism when he says
I like capitalism but when it hurts
Americans I'm willing to make
adjustments that is Bernie Sanders this
case it is almost word-for-word Bernie
Sanders this case he says I like
capitalism I like private property but
but whenever someone finishes with but
you know they're gonna go in a direction
that has nothing to do with capitalism
or conservatism and again that's being
done because people want to be loyal to
Trump not because it's actually good
policy or anything like that well we're
going to have to go to break right now
but if you want to see the rest of the
program we're gonna talk more about this
plus we're gonna have on base stickman
so you're gonna want to subscribe for
that daily wire.com $8 a month we're
gonna be talking about Ann Coulter at
Berkley you have a lot more to talk
about here on the program today daily
wire.com $8 a month gets you a
subscription
plus if you
scribe annually right now then you get
Jeremy borings the arroyo fictional film
set on our southern border about the
drug cartels using the southern border
as a thoroughfare and you can also see
the rest of the show live you can also
be part of the mailbag which we are
going to be doing on a special Friday
mailbag tomorrow you can get clave ins
Show Live you can be part of his mailbag
so lots of goodies coming if you're a
daily wire subscriber go over there and
subscribe or if you want to listen later
at iTunes and SoundCloud make sure you
subscribe over at iTunes make sure you
hit that subscribe button and leave us a
review we always appreciate it we are
the largest conservative podcast in the
country
you
