you ever look around your office and
wonder gee how come my desk is on fire
and why is my assistants Thai caught in
the copier so he keeps making copies of
his face over and over again it could be
because you didn't use zip recruiter com
hard as it is to believe zip recruiter
comm is actually more effective than
hanging around outside prisons on
release day and shouting who worked for
below minimum wage believe me I've tried
it and now look at me I'm a cartoon for
crying Allah but with zip recruiter you
can post your job to 200 plus job sites
including social media networks like
Facebook and Twitter all with a single
click find candidates in any city or
industry nationwide just post once and
watch your candidates roll in to zip
recruiters easy to use interface no
juggling emails or calls to your office
no screaming for the police when that
guy who wandered in off the street grabs
a letter opener and holds you hostage
with zip recruiter you can quickly
screen candidates and rate them and hire
the right person fast find out today why
zip recruiter has been used by over a
million businesses and right now my
listeners can post jobs on zip recruiter
for free by going to zip recruiter
dot-com slash daily Wire one more time
to try it for free go to zip recruiter
comm slash daily wire and don't let this
happen to you
