one of the more irritating leftist
tropes to emerge in the last year has
been the rise of fearless girl a hedge
fund sponsored bronze statue of a small
girl standing defiantly in front of the
Wall Street bull which would presumably
trample her to death both figures were
real
now Democratic politician after
Democratic politician has come forward
to pay homage to this bronze calf first
it was New York Mayor Bill DeBlasio who
criticized Wall Street the same Wall
Street that erected the annoyingly
stupid icon now it's senator Elizabeth
Warren who took a break from writing
shrimp recipes for Native American
cookbooks to demonstrate that she too
cares about metal effigies erected by
disproportionately male investment firms
and you know the the picture is pretty
amazing she purchased in years hating
the rest of us more and of course has
been one of the lead Democratic voices
in favor of so-called pay equality
between men and women ignoring all
statistical evidence that the pay gap
does not actually exist when all
relevant factors are taken into account
worth noting Warren's female staffers
earned 71% less than her male staffers
did last year only one of Warren's top
staffers earns more than a hundred and
thousand a hundred thousand dollars and
was female but this is all virtual
signalling of course the notion is that
if you don't stand in solidarity with a
little girl against a giant pole you
must hate women and children somebody
ought to inform war in another leftists
that the little girl was once an unborn
little girl and war would then
presumably stand with the ball I'm Ben
Shapiro this is the Ben Shapiro show
all right he tell us to get suited a
lots of foreign policy news I feel like
every time I take off a couple of days
the world just reaches a new level of
chaos and so it is and so it shall be
plus in just a few minutes we're going
to be having on lauren southern who of
course well-known right-wing commentator
from canada and she was at the Berkeley
riots again Berkeley does not seem like
a nice place all these friendly hippies
are not that friendly and so we'll talk
about that it's starting to look like
the vitamin Republic out there but first
I want to say thank you to our sponsors
over at helix sleep so I am NOT somebody
who sleeps well I require a very
comfortable mattress and wonderful
sheets helix sleep provides the very
very comfortable mattress its helix
sleep calm slash band the way this works
you go to helix sleep calm slash Ben you
get $50 off your order
but they also will ask you your height
your weight your body type do you like
to sleep on your stomach or your side
and they use an algorithm proprietary
algorithm to determine what kind of
mattress will work best for you and then
they send it to your house the shipping
is free they send it to your house and
if you don't like it you have a hundred
nights it to try it out and then you can
send it right back helix customers
reported 30 percent improvement in
overall sleep quality my wife and I had
a much more expensive mattress actually
and we moved it out of the room in favor
of the helix mattress because the helix
mattress is so comfortable its helix
sleep comm / Ben you got $50 off your
order again it comes in a big box you
just unroll the box and it inflates
automatically because it's a foam
mattress it's really comfortable unlike
a lot of other foam mattresses you can
get ones that really breathe well so it
doesn't feel like you're you're in a
kiln and yeah I really like the mattress
a lot so does my wife I can't recommend
it highly enough plus it's no risk to
you because if you hate it then you can
always send it back for free so that's
great it's helix sleep calm / Ben helix
sleep calm / spend $50 off your order I
promise you won't hate it you'll
actually like it a lot it's fantastic
product okay so lots going on in the
world among the things that are going on
in the world the the Trump
administration continues to kind of futz
around on foreign policy and we'll talk
about that but first I want to talk
about the fallout that happened from
this election in the Georgia sixth
District last night so Georgia sixth
District is a district that I think
Trump won by
relatively small margin he won it by 1.5
or 2% because there's been some
redistricting there there has been some
significant movement in that district
over time four years ago Barack Obama
lost that district by 23% to Mitt Romney
so this particular district last night
there was a there's a runoff because Tom
price was the representative from that
district and now Tom price is the
Secretary of Health and Human Services
so azam jah asaf he's a Democrat he
doesn't even live in the district and he
ran against a slew of Republicans I
think there were eleven Republicans and
the idea was that if he crosses 50% in
this original election then he wouldn't
the seat outright if he doesn't cross
50% there's a runoff if there's a runoff
he likely loses because it's a heavier
Republican district so Democrats poured
a crapload of money into this district
they poured 8.3 million dollars into
this local special election trying to
demonstrate that they were going to
fight back against the Trump
administration and that was a giant fail
so the candidate John Asaf learned about
the same percentage in the district as
Hillary Clinton won in the district he
came up just short one of the reasons he
came up just short is because he doesn't
actually live in the district and that
came out a couple of days before the
actual election now that's not illegal
but obviously most people who vote for
their congressperson like to know the
person actually lives where they were
they represent here was us off yesterday
trying to explain why he doesn't live in
the home district well I grew up in this
district I grew up in this community
it's my home my family is still there
I'm a mile and a half down the street to
support Alicia while she finishes
medical school it's something I've been
very transparent about in fact I'm proud
to be supporting her career and as soon
as she finishes her medical training
I'll be ten minutes back up the road
into the district where I grew up okay
so in that explanation did not really do
a lot for him he's not going to win the
general election in all likelihood
because again now all the Republican
votes are gonna consolidate he want I
think 46% 47% of the vote last night all
of that all that Republican support is
going to now rally around a woman I
actually know pretty well karen handel
who used to be an executive at at komen
for the Cure the the anti Cancer
Institute she has been the Georgia
Secretary of State before she ran
unsuccessfully for governor in the past
a really nice lady
very very quality politician she's not
somebody who gets enthusiasm a pie
she will do the work that she needs to
do and she'll probably win that's why
Asaf yesterday after he did not win
outright he was out there touting it as
a victory for the ages
the entire Democratic Party is now
trying to overstate how big a victory
this was for them because he didn't win
so now they're trying to say that he
that he just blew it out of the water
and this is just what's to come under
Trump that the Democrats are gonna win
back the house here is Asaf overstating
his case there is no doubt that this is
already a victory for the ages a victory
for the ages nothing let's not overstate
the case dude you couldn't win an
election in which there were a combined
it looks like less than 200,000 votes
I'm gonna go with that's not a victory
for the ages especially if you don't end
up with the congressional seats most of
the people who talk about moral
victories are losers if you're talking
about moral victory it's because you
didn't win so there are some troubling
signs for Republicans here then the most
troubling sign for Republicans in the
Georgia 6th to be accurate is that the
Democratic turnout was down from the
general election cycle but it wasn't
down nearly as much as it was down among
Republicans so if you look at the
Georgia 6th or the Kansas fourth Kansas
4th district was another case where
there was a their special election
Republicans won that one too but the
Democratic turnout was down 25% from the
Hillary election in this district in the
special election the Republicans turnout
was down 51 percent from the last
election cycle in this election so in
other words twice as many Republicans as
Democrats by percentage dropped out of
this election cycle and that's not gonna
bode well for midterms because obviously
Democrats are going to be more geared up
for all of this it's a little early to
say that this just demonstrates that
that trump is not hurting people down
ballot in fact the the number of
candidates who ran in this Georgia 6th
district the people who are more closely
tied with Trump there is a heavy
correlation between being closely tied
with Trump and not doing particularly
well in this election cycle but it's not
clear what's gonna happen in 2018 based
on this Democrats race in enormous
amount money as I said they put forward
a huge huge amount of cash in this
election and they still weren't able to
get this guy over the top you know it's
gonna be a good Democratic year but is
it going to be a good enough Democratic
here to put them over the top I don't
know that that's the case and the media
in search of some sort of victory are of
course overstating this dramatically Don
Lemon
eight CNN he says the John Asif he just
saw him John Asif he looks like he looks
like the guy from Ferris Bueller who's
not Ferris Bueller the guy who drives
his dad's Porsche out the window hey Don
Lemon says he sounds like Obama
so that was John Asaf in a very tight
race down in Atlanta he's projecting
that's going to be a runoff am I the
only one who said he sounded like Barack
Obama know that sound yes he did
everybody on CNN celebratory after not
getting what they want here it is
amazing that that he raised that much
money and again he raised that much
money and it's tilden health and that
that looks a lot like what happened with
Hillary Clinton who raised an enormous
amount of money and it didn't help her
against Trump but there are some warning
signs for Republicans and Republicans
would be wise to pay attention to those
warning signs now meanwhile over the
weekend I didn't have a chance to
discuss it obviously because it was
Passover but over the weekend there was
this riot that occurred in Berkeley
basically there was a pro Trump rally in
Berkeley the only reason to have a pro
Trump rally in Berkeley is to stick it
to the left in Berkeley obviously and a
bunch of anti Trump and Tifa characters
these are the the people who consume
themselves antifascist there's nothing
more fascist than showing up to an
opposing rally and then whaling on
people and beating the living crap out
of them it's actually pretty reminiscent
of the Vermont Republic where the Reds
and the Browns were beating the living
crap out of each other
and that actually led to the rise of a
more dictatorial authoritarian
government that's usually what happens
when there's chaos people want more
authority in order to tamp down on Cass
because nobody wants to see this in
their streets apparently the cops were
sitting by and doing nothing as all of
this continued here's a little bit of
the footage from what was happening
during this during this bloody battle
basically
I think see people beating each other
with sticks you can see that they're
really going at each other really
hitting each other people punching each
other running in duking it out their
pictures of people who are super bloody
there are people pictures of people who
have been hit across the face
it wasn't the Trump people who started
this it wasn't the term people who went
there looking to fight now again Tifa it
says you can always tell me the bad guy
so another stomping on it again this
time and just disgusting
hitting people with skateboards really
really horrifying you can always tell
who the bad guys are in these situations
the people who are wearing the masks are
the bad guys if you feel the need to
wear a mask because you're afraid that
people are going to pay attention to you
see who you are and arrest you then you
are part of the problem not part of the
solution this was a free speech rally so
people were doing this in order to
demonstrate that they would stand up
against the anti feh the antifa group
and and the antiva people showed up and
they were beating people some want one
of the people there pulled not only a
skateboard but then pulled the knife
apparently somebody was stabbed I mean
just egregious egregious stuff and where
are the cops for all this why are the
cops allowing all of this stuff to go
ahead nobody knows why where where is
the mayor I mean this is now the second
time that this has happened in Berkeley
in a relative span of months it's the
the third time if I remember correctly
there's a rally that that broken
violence here there's one that broke
into violence in Sacramento at the
Capitol in California and then there was
of course the riot that broke out when
Miley innopolis went to speak over there
well joining us on the program right now
is Lauren southern more in southern was
there she of course is well-known on
Twitter and on YouTube
Canadian conservative libertarian
political commentator and provocateur
she's the author of the book barbarians
how baby boomers immigrants and Islam
screwed my generation you can follow her
on twitter at lauren underscore southern
or on youtube as Lauren southern Lauren
thanks so much for joining the show
appreciate it
hi Ben thanks for having me so Lauren
can you give me some details cuz I'm
just seeing sort of the the second-hand
coverage out so you were there so what
exactly went down yeah for sure what we
were supposed to every time there has
been a pro Trump Pro free speech right
wing event in Berkeley it has been shut
down by militant leftists and the people
there are just so sick and tired of it
so they said no more we're not going to
live in a world in Berkeley where weak
not have a certain political idea
without fear of being physically injured
so they hadn't even figure rally this
time and the police assured myself and
the organizers that there would be an
impressive presence there that the left
wouldn't be able to shut it down this
time but it was under one condition that
the police would be there that everyone
that went into this protected zone by
the police disarmed that we didn't have
any sticks any bear mace any pepper
spray so all the Trump supporters went
into this kind of they put up a little
mesh orange fence around an area where
we were going to have the free speech
event and then anti-flash showed up and
started surrounding the place around a
bunch of disarmed people but we were
like you know that's gonna be fine the
cops are here we're good then
anti post our own m-80s little
explosives and fireworks and suddenly
boom the cops were gone they've gotten
stand down orders and we were left in
the center of this area surrounded by an
tyfa totally disarmed and things just
turned into chaos
it was fists flying everywhere that's
absolutely insane and did you ever get
an explanation from the police as to who
actually ordered the stand though right
well that was that's the interesting but
I was really frustrated during it and I
was like I can't believe the cops did
that but another journalist went up to
the cops and asked them why are you
standing down and one of the guys
sitting in the front seat said well that
would be a question for a boss wouldn't
it and he looked really mad so it wasn't
the individual cops he was someone from
higher up for sure that's pretty typical
I mean even when I speak in college
campuses and the cops get scanned town
orders never the cops it's always the
people who are in charge of the cops
telling them they need to stand down on
this sort of thing so for people who
don't know what an Tifa is you've
obviously know how dealings with them
what our antiva what do they think
they're doing and why are they doing it
they are the anti-fascists they actually
come from a wing of the German Communist
Party and they're a militant group that
believed by any means possible anything
that can remotely be perceived as
right-wing anything to the right of
marks basically has to be shut down
violently and they use a tactic called
black bloc where they cover all of their
faces so that they can commit crimes
because the cops can't know who did it
and one of the big tactics they use
during this one was they would grab
individuals from this crowd and they'd
pull them to the back and start beating
the crap out of them so their tactics
are always cover their face to commit
crimes and ten people
versus one and its really kind of its
really scary going against them because
they have zero morals zero whatsoever
they're curdling bricks and giant rocks
into the crowd literal attempted murder
would have killed someone if it hit them
in the face any arrests at this thing or
literally it just servant didn't
everybody went home at the beginning
there were a couple arrests of an tyfa
that were trying to go over the mesh and
I guess Trump supporters that were
trying to fight back so there are a few
at the beginning and after the fact when
the police had just disappeared they
looked at a few of the videos and made a
couple of rests I think there were 11 or
12 arrests in total so when one of the
things that spoke about all this is that
if you if you look at the media coverage
of it they treat it as though it's just
sort of spontaneous chaos that erupts
between the two sides as though nobody
actually launched the chaos in the same
way that when Milo went to speak at
Berkeley and then the antiva people
showed up and tried to burn down things
basically that that was that was in it
was an equal distribution of blame that
it was half Milo's fault and half the
protesters fault
and here it's half the Trump people's
fault if the Trump people hadn't been
there being so provocative then it
wouldn't have wouldn't been up to the
ante for people to hit them what do you
make of all the media coverage BBC
actually uploaded one of those little
short videos to Facebook where they
splice together the tax protests and
this Berkeley protest and wrote that
Trump supporters showed up to the tax
protest and started attacking the
anti-trump protesters they that's
exactly what they did after I called
them out on Twitter they've made a few
edits to the Facebook post but that was
the coverage just complete and utter
lies that's beyond fake news that's
deliberately left lying to people and
they knew what they were doing so I it's
it's horrifying the state of media I
couldn't believe the coverage apathy I
mean we saw that obviously throughout
the campaign we kept hearing that it was
Trump who was pushing violence at his
rallies but then it would be it would be
protesters from black lives matter
shutting down an actual Trump rally in
Chicago or protesters from the left
beating the crap out of Trump supporters
in San Jose it is amazing how the media
is able to flip this on his head so are
you guys planning any more of these
events and if you do plan these events
in the future
how can you do that knowing that you
know if if anybody from from the pro
Trump side or the pro free-speech sex
doesn't matter if you like Trump or not
it's really more of a free speech issue
if
pro-free speech that if anybody shows up
with a weapon you'll probably
immediately be arrested but if anybody
from the left shows up with a weapon
then they probably get off scot-free
well Ann Coulter is supposed to be
speaking on the 27th I can't get too
much into it but I think there's some
troubles already with that event with
Berkeley trying to shut it down and the
this is the thing we're at the point
where we have to defend ourselves I
don't like to see that the state of
political discourse in 2017 is fists and
mace instead of signs and bullhorns but
that's the reality is that we have to
defend ourselves I can't blame the Trump
supporters for punching back or the free
speech activists for punching back
because the cops are gone so I think
this is going to continue to escalate
until the police stop getting stand-down
orders and Berkeley yeah so what do you
think just a final question here how
much of this do you think are the
students at Berkeley and how much is it
this outside group mtfx there's a lot of
talk about that with my low speaking
there that it wasn't really a bunch of
the it wasn't really a bunch of lefties
from Berkeley it was really the Santee
for group that was coming from outside
infiltrating and then making trouble
here it looks like a bunch of an T for
people and I spoke at Berkeley two years
ago it was not a problem at all
obviously Milo speaks there's a riot Ann
Coulter's gonna speak there they'll
probably will be a riot
I think that's Kazan Tifa was not a
presence when I was there a couple of
years ago and it seems like a pretty
recent development but how much of this
do you think is organic and how much of
this is astroturf
well I will say I went for a walk around
the area before the event and everywhere
in Berkeley the whole damn city is
covered in spray paint that says and
Tifa zone and that could be people that
have come in there were definitely
people that were brought in from
different areas to fight like the one
girl who'd up decked in the face she
drove down from quite a while to be
there but it's definitely been over the
past two years I would say these kids
also in university have been radicalized
more and more and more over the media
saying all right wingers are Nazis of
course they want to fight and stop
Nazism it was when they've watched
Indiana Jones and glorious bastards they
want to get their 100 Nazi scalps right
and they've truly been convinced this
last year that Trump supporters of free
speech activists are Nazis so it's a mix
between people coming down and between
young people being radicalized over this
past year or in southern thanks so much
for doing what you're doing and Lawrence
Heather you can follow her at Lorne
southern on Twitter it's more an
underscore southern or on YouTube is
Lauren son she does terrific work Lauren
thanks so much
thanks for having me okay so before we
continue with the analysis of what Trump
is doing on foreign policy and it's a
real mixed bag there there's a there's a
bunch of stuff happening on foreign
policy that demonstrate continued
divided mind among the members of the
Trump administration I want to stop and
say thank you to our sponsors over at
blue apron so if you are sick of eating
at over-salted and overpriced
restaurants if you would prefer to eat
at home great recipes that you can home
cook you could spend time cooking with
your kids it's something I enjoy doing
with my with my three-year-old then what
you can do is you can subscribe over at
blue apron blue apron is the number one
service in America fresh ingredient and
recipe delivery service in the country
and they send you a new recipe every
single day with all of the ingredients
that are parceled out already for the
meal so you don't have to worry about
measuring you don't have to worry about
you screwed up the recipe it's all done
for you you just put it together in the
pan and everything cooks in less than 45
minutes it is less than $10 a day per
person for a delicious meal and the blue
apron families obviously cook a lot more
than people who are not blue apron cause
to hassle to go shopping for all of the
ingredients I remember years ago my wife
suggested wouldn't it be great if there
was a service that did this for you now
blue apron does do it for you blue apron
calm slash Shapiro and some of their
featured upcoming meals I mean these are
all like gourmet meals you don't have to
be a gourmet to cook them because they
tell you exactly what to do it's stuff
like sweet and sour salmon with bok choy
carrot and ginger fried rice baby
broccoli and Fontana paninis with
hard-boiled egg and arugula salad
spinach and fresh mozzarella pizza with
olives bell peppers and ricotta salata
if you don't like a recipe they won't
repeat it for you and the recipes rotate
all the times you don't have to get
bored with your diet you know that's a
issue in our house where you have the
same thing every Tuesday night as well
God not casserole night again you never
have to deal with that again with blue
apron comm again it's fresh it's
flexible it's easy if the ingredients
are bad they'll resend them to you
obviously because of the guarantee the
freshness check out this week's menu get
your first three meals free when you go
to blue aprons comm slash appear Oh blue
apron comm slash Shapiro you will love
how good it feels and tastes to create
these incredible home-cooked meals they
are first-rate everybody in LA is now
using blue aprons comm so blue apron
comm slash Shapiro get those first three
meals free try it out and I promise
you'll be addicted really really quickly
okay so meanwhile on foreign policy
there's a lot of chaos going on all over
the world I want to take a kind of area
by
area because there's a lot of lack of
clarity out there on everything from
North Korea to Turkey to Iran so big
story of the day is that the Trump
administration has now stated that Iran
is abiding by its commitments under the
under the Obama nuclear deal this is
just a terrible move by the Trump
administration it is asinine to suggest
that everything is hunky-dory with
regard to Iran that Iran is doing
everything that it can to abide by the
nuclear deal they obviously are not
there have been multiple reports then
not only are they violating it with
regard to attempting to buy certain
types of uranium on the open market but
also they've been violating the nuclear
deal by test firing ballistic missiles
they've been doing that repeatedly since
November and yet this is from Rex
Tillerson he says the US Department of
State's certified to us House Speaker
Paul Ryan today that Iran is compliant
through April 18th with its commitments
under the joint comprehensive plan of
action however the secretary also raised
concerns about Iran's role as a state
sponsor of terrorism and alerted
Congress to an effort directed by the
President to evaluate whether continuing
to lift sanctions would be in US
national security interests they're
trying to split the baby saying
everything is hunky-dory under the deal
the easiest thing to do would be to say
they're not complying with the deal
therefore the sanctions are back on the
table they immediately snap back and
we're done here this deal is a crap deal
there's no reason why we should be
involved this way but I think there's a
split inside the Trump administration
they don't want to start some sort of
firefight politically with Iran
they are obviously divided on what to do
about Iran because Iran is sponsoring
Assad and they're divided about what to
do about Assad they are not sure that
Iran is is not a solidifying influence
in Iraq this is always my fear about
trumpian foreign policy is that it's
just so vague and and so all over the
place that it opens the door to the
continued growth of evil regimes like
around but that's not the only problem
with Trump foreign policy that's cropped
up this week I want to talk about Turkey
and North Korea but we'll do that if you
go and subscribe go to the over to daily
wire com become a subscriber to the
podcast $8 a month gets you a
subscription to daily wired.com you get
the rest of the show live you get to be
part of the mailbag which will be doing
on Friday this week
you got the kleavon's show live you also
get right now a free copy of the Arroyo
fictional film set on the southern
border plus we have lots of goodies
coming up we're going
discounts on a bunch of new products
that are coming up from the long-awaited
Shapiro store which will happen daily
wired.com go over there and check it out
for an annual subscriber you get that
that copy of the arroyo DVD it is a
great services great movie and you're
going to want to be part of the daily
wire team so go over to daily wired icon
become a subscriber otherwise go over to
iTunes or SoundCloud later and become a
subscriber and if you do become a
subscriber make sure to leave a review
at iTunes that always helps in the
iTunes rankings where we are as always
the top rated conservative podcast in
the United States
you
