well the long Clavin las' week of Clavin
'less Clavin lessness is finally over
people around the world spent the
weekend celebrating by attending church
services eating chocolate eggs and
gathering with family for prayers of
Thanksgiving although to be honest that
may have just been a coincidence but
while I spent the week far away in
England where the happy barefoot
carefree natives speak a language
Americans can't understand namely
English I did manage to keep up with
world events by reading various American
news sites so to begin this festive
Clavin tide allow me to present a
roundup of the week's news as described
on these sites after a poison gas attack
in Syria Ivanka Trump apparently got
very upset and demanded that Daddy bomb
someone right this minute President
Trump who could never deny his daughter
anything because she's just so hot
unleashed a devastating aerial attack on
either Syria or Iraq or Steve Bannon he
always gets those three confused North
Korean dictator Kim jong-un responded
for some reason by detonating a nuclear
device that blew him into the kitchen
pantry where he spent the next three
days eating a particularly succulent
chopped chive pork with potato noodles
at this point presidential spokesman
Sean Spicer mistakenly announced that
Adolf Hitler never used poison gas
against his own citizens when in fact
poison gas was kind of a thing with
Hitler causing many high-ranking Nazis
to remark that Hitler always meant to
poison gas
Spicer quickly issued an apology which
read in full quote
shut up or I'll punch you repeatedly in
the face unquote Nancy Pelosi then
demanded Spicer resigned saying quote if
we allow public officials to say such
amazingly stupid things before you know
it I'll be in Congress unquote
Spicer responded by placing Pelosi 's
head in a vise and tightening it until
the top of her skull blew off revealing
a jack-in-the-box clown where most
people keep their brains in the
aftermath Steve Bannon was fired
according to an anonymous source who
once drove by the White House and said
it looked like the sort of place in
which Bannon had been fired
Trump next unleashed an attack on
Afghanistan or someplace by dropping
something called the mother of all bombs
or the mom bomb or the momma bomba bomba
ban
ritchie valens leftist were outraged
saying the bomb was so expensive that
the money should have been used to build
shelters for all the little bombs who
are now motherless Trump supporters were
also angry because they had wanted the
Trump administration to stay out of
Foreign Wars until the wars metastasized
into worldwide disasters that would
engulf the earth in flames when told
that was actually the Obama
administration's policy the Trump
supporters descended on Berkeley to
punch left-wing fascists so the day
wouldn't be a total loss
Kim jong-un responded to the Berkeley
riots by unleashing in an attack that
destroyed the entire known universe in
the hellish radioactive aftermath Steve
Bannon was fired then returned to work
so basically a pretty normal Clavin last
week
trigger warning I'm Andrew Clavin and
this at last is the Andrew Clavin show
one what was I go for like one week one
that maybe eight days and you bring the
world to the brink of nuclear war this
is why we can't have nice things you
know all right but I'm here now and I'm
here until Friday so it's Wednesday
Thursday and Friday we will do shows
where the daily wire was closed
yesterday and I spent Easter in England
I'll talk a little bit about that that
was kind of fun but first we have to
talk about blue apron you know this is
this is what these commercials no these
commercials where they offer free food
they offer three meals for free and
somehow I have to sell this to you
because that's my audience my audience
is going on the free food I would you
know anyway but blue apron it's great
look I have tried it myself
we still have since we have continued to
subscribe to it again it basically sends
you you the ingredients the perfect
ingredients and simple instructions on
how to make excellent excellent
restaurant level meals yourself in your
own home so you get to sit there and
cook with your wife or alone in a lonely
you know half drunken state but this the
food is really good it really is
excellent it is all American stuff with
it
99 percent it can be dill and it can be
delivered to 99 percent of the
continental US 99 percent so it can get
to you at your house anywhere you want
here are some of the upcoming meals this
is the kind of stuff I'm sure you're not
cooking now in your house but with blue
apron you can cook spinach and fresh
mozzarella pizza with olives bell
peppers and ricotta salad I mean come on
this is good stuff sweet and sour salmon
with bok choy carrot and ginger fried
rice parmesan crusted chicken with
creamy fettuccine and roasted broccoli
baby broccoli and fontina paninis with
hard-boiled egg and arugula salad it's
really good stuff and the thing is you
know you make it yourself it's about 10
bucks a meal which is not expensive at
all the ingredients are delivered to
your house they give you this kind of
chart so it's very simple instructions
really good stuff and you can go and
check out this week's menu and get your
first three meals for free with free
shipping if you go on blued apron apron
pretty calm slash Andrew a little
jet-lagged you may notice yeah a little
bit jet like but blue apron calm slash
Andrew and you get three meals for free
so that is a kind of good reason to
check this out you'll love how good it
feels and tastes to create incredible
home-cooked meals with blue apron so
don't wait blue apron calm slash Andrew
it's a better way to cook and a better
way to eat as well anyway I come back
and the place is falling by Bill
O'Reilly's they say is gonna get fired I
mean still us this is still a sources
say thing but but they say that Fox is
basically his ratings are soaring the
guy's ratings are going through the roof
nobody cares except the sponsors and
when sponsors start to pull out on you
people get nervous right and the
Murdock's are through he has been he was
exposed but the New York Times exposed
that a number of women had sued him for
sexual harassment in the workplace and
they had paid them off basically they
had settled this O'Reilly's lawyer is
saying no this is all the left-wing set
up I said I'm completely innocent you
know and so that's that's where where it
stands very tough very tough to judge
this stuff because it just sounds so
real all the time when they say a
powerful guy is is picking on women in
the workplace it just sounds like that
is really happening but we weren't there
we can't know it would be really
interesting if this story is true and
he's gone I mean you can't you can't
make excuses for it you know you got to
treat your your fellow workers with
respect I don't because look at the
people I work with but but I mean most
people most people I remember the first
time I was on Greg Gutfeld show on
redeye I said to him this place is like
bizarro High School because the smart
guys get the pretty girls which is not
what happens other smart guys get beaten
up by the big guys and realize cool but
you know it may just be that people have
gotten a little out of control there
because there's certainly a lot of a lot
of talk that the women are not being
treated well in O'Reilly is supposed to
have asked women out and then if they
didn't respond he wouldn't you know he
basically shunned them and make it
harder for them to promote not a nice
thing to do you know it's like the old
there's an old Yiddish expression I
won't say
but what it means is don't don't bother
the girls at work that's what I owe you
laughs that stripper oh he'll tell it to
in Yiddish because I can't do it and
it'll be too too filthy in English what
the other thing that happened oh oh this
is me this is the thing that drives me
crazy now the Republicans are the people
less likely to be bothered by adultery
in their candidates as of 2016 for some
reason suddenly Republicans don't mind
anymore if their political candidates
are sleeping around people you know
obviously they don't mind about Bill
O'Reilly if this reports are true
they're watching them and all this so
people are following the people they're
not following the principles they're not
following things have gotten so partisan
that even morality kind of goes down the
down the drain so I'm watching politics
from far away I go to England and it
really it really is interesting you know
you go this is how I became a
conservative in the first place you know
I lived in England for seven years and
it was like watching it was like that
thing that picture the astronauts
took of the earth seen from the moon
remember that pictures just suddenly you
see this worth and that was what it was
like suddenly I saw America from very
far away and it's funny in England
because they love us but they hate us
you know we're kind of we're kind of the
new kid in town where the child who grew
up and became bigger than the the mother
country and they talk a lot you know the
first time I was at a dinner party in
England somebody said what is it with
you Americans in a written constitution
why do you have to have a written
constitution and I thought I thought I
was talking to a Nazi I thought who did
why wouldn't you have a written
constitution but the thing about England
is they've been there for a million
years and they don't need a written
constitution because they're English
they know how to be free they invented
freedom you know the invented modern
freedom and and it was shocking you know
I gotta admit I lived there in the 90s
and I've been back since but every time
I go to London I'm shocked by how few
English people are left in London and
how many of the women are wearing burkas
and various Muslim garb and all that
stuff and it's unnerving because in
America in America if everybody is a
different color but they all adhere to
the Constitution it's still America
right but in England if nobody is
English is it still England I mean there
is this
a racial component there that we don't
have I mean the racist hear this all the
alt-right faction who think that it's
all about the color of your skin they
think we're all about race but we're all
about ideas
I mean it's ideas that govern thing and
the ideas that govern things and the
ideas of the English have been created
by this culture and if that culture
vanishes will it remain you know they
don't if it's not written down will it
remain so I was I was scanning I was
talking everybody about all my friends I
have all these friends over there great
people and I just wanted to know what
they thought of Donald Trump and of
course they're all absolutely appalled
by Trump I mean my friends wonderful
people with artist types and you know
kind of posh middle-class type people
they call them middle class II we would
call them upper class because they speak
in complete sentences but they're over
there they're just middle class although
I have I have one friend who's a baron
you know it's like so I was just asking
and they were all just appalled he's
appalling what did you do how have you
done so I said okay well what's
appalling about him what has he done
nothing it was just who he is it was
just who he is and they would say Obama
he was he was one of us Obama was one of
us and I said yeah he was one of us as
in the sense that he he was educated and
classy and elegant not but he was a
terrible president he did a terrible
terrible job and Trump it this continues
this I was talking about this before I
left it continues Trump is running this
weird double presidency this presidency
where if you're looking at Trump himself
you're kind of thinking oh this guy he
is strange
but then if you look at what he does you
know I can't score him I mean there were
things that thing when he called her
doyon you know in Turkey they had this
referendum probably rigged or doyon gets
dictatorial powers and from calls about
congratulation you know I like it
congratulations you're a dictator yes
thank you very much I will kill everyone
in jail all the journalists good for you
so happy to hear you know so when he's
talking you hear their stuff when he
bombed Syria I'm on the plane I'm on the
plane flying to England when he
Syria and the first of all I don't watch
CNN a lot except to kind of pay
attention to how bad they are but CNN
was all they had of American news
stations that you could get live on the
plane I to know that that station forget
about the bias that is the stupidest
collection of human beings with the
exception of Jake Tapper if you put
Chris Cuomo and Don Lemon is that his
name and the blonde girl who works with
Chris Cole if you put their IQs together
you would get like one person I mean
they are so dumb and the analysis they
do is so ill informed and so simplistic
and so but I had to say Mike my entire
feeling about this was yeah the trough
course from bomb Syria I mean this is
what happens when a new president comes
to town they test him right the bad guys
the Russians Vladimir Putin who is just
a thug and a murderer and he's gonna
test him he's gonna say is he a paper
tiger is he a guy like Obama who never
you know when when he sets a red line it
suddenly vanishes you know it doesn't
matter
is he a weakling like Obama was Trump
responded doing the exact right thing it
was like show him you're nuts
show him you're crazy anybody I'm nuts
I'm Trump I just you I knew cast those
children my daughter didn't like it
you're dead you know that's that's the
tone you want to set because now Putin
is thinking maybe this is not such a
good idea you know I think maybe I will
not do this next time because he doesn't
know what Trump is gonna do and then he
dropped the bomb in Afghanistan which I
also thought was the right thing to do
and Trump's followers you know any
conservatives are like this anyway they
conservatives judge you on every single
thing you do you know it's not they
don't take the kind of shape of the
administration and say how's it going
and and and Trump was a
non-interventionist right he told Obama
don't go into Syria he said you know he
tweeted to Obama in a stay out of Syria
what is America first America first and
and you couldn't blame them I mean like
I was listening to an Coulter we do we
have we haven't called the upper plane
Coulter this is her reaction
she's like appalled the Trump is doing
this stuff I like what Trump said during
the campaign which is
it would be insane to go in and and come
out against Assad he's the one fighting
Isis and al-qaeda we always go in to
think these things we get nothing out of
it we spend trillions of dollars
Americans die most of the rest of the
world are savages and we're always
coming in at one point in the bar fight
and propping up the loser at that one
particular moment the whole point of the
Trump campaign was America first put
America first make America great again
and what I really think you and I should
be talking about right now Lou is you
know the fact that anchor babies aren't
citizens and they should be deported too
and isn't that great that Trump is is
not printing work permits for the
dreamers anymore Oh except he is and we
don't want to hear about the payloads
and the topography of Syria get these
generals out of the picture I have to
say she just gets better-looking like
how does she do that more and more
attractive I can't disagree with her
because she's so good-looking but I do
disagree with her because I think this
is what we have with the Obama
administration we already know what it
looks like when we have an isolationist
policy when we don't go into places when
we don't police the world the world goes
up in smoke which is a good reason for
you to get life insurance because let's
face it another few weeks of this world
I get life insurance if you want to get
life insurance and you should you really
should it's it's something it's
important it takes care of your family
it takes care of the people who depend
on you you know especially if you're
young you're not expecting anything you
can get it kind of cheaper and the way
to get it cheaper is to go to policy
genius policy genius is the best online
insurance marketplace because you get to
go and compare everything you know
there's no there's no hassle they don't
they don't sell you anything they don't
come on that they don't call your family
at all you don't get those those
horrible phone calls where they try to
shove things down your throat you just
go on and you compare prices and you can
save a lot of dough you can save you
know you can save just by comparing the
prices of the life insurance and you do
it yourself and it's easy you go to
policy genius.com today you can save
over 40% off other prices of life in her
so that's a lot you know and it's a good
time to get started right away
when life insurance insurers compete for
your business you save money
it's policy genius it's pol i cy g en i
us.com policy genius.com zero jargon
zero sales pressure zero hassle its life
insurance made easy free quotes zero
hassle peace of mind don't wait go to
policy genius.com today and now we got
to say goodbye right we got to say
goodbye to the facebook and youtube if
you were subscribing to the daily
wire.com not only could you watch the
whole show on the site but we are now
giving away for an annual subscription
at the lousy eight bucks a month you get
it you get the movie the arroyo you get
the DVD of the rug come on this is good
stuff alright come on over to the daily
whoa you're calm and we'll continue
talking about this
