I want to bring in to join us a special
guest Gillian Gilchrist who is a
feminist advocate from Connecticut she
champions public policy and issues of
gender gender-based violence and
reproductive choice
she's an organizers with the women's
March in Connecticut and she currently
teaches political advocacy at the UConn
School of Social Work jillian Gilchrist
is also a she also wrote a column for
her site in which in which she talked
specifically about the idea the judge
Gorsuch would be terrible for women and
the reason that he would be terrible for
women is because he's proponents of
originalism professor Gilchrist are you
actually a professor or just miss
Gilchrist onna addressing properly okay
miss Gilchrist thanks well thanks for
coming on the show I appreciate it so
what you actually wrote is you wrote
that Gorsuch like Antonin Scalia is a
proponent of originalism which means he
believes a judge should attempt to
interpret the words of the Constitution
as they were understood at the time they
were written when the Constitution was
written women couldn't own property in
1787 women didn't have the right to vote
it would be 133 years before women won
that fight a fight they fought for 72
years considering women had no rights
when the Constitution was written and
there was no mention of women in the
Constitution originalism is sexist so
let me ask you first to expand on that
is it the Constitution that sexist or
originalism that sexist or both
well actually the original Constitution
is sexist and then the originalist
perspective that actually looks to the
original document is also sexist and so
we know that when a judge practices
originalism they look backwards they
don't try to see the Constitution in the
current context of society and so by
looking backwards as I said in my piece
at the time the Constitution was written
women didn't have any rights we were
properly
so yes the originalist perspective is
sexist and so I think Neil Corphish will
not be good for women on the Supreme
Court two quick things one you're right
obviously the women did not have rights
under the Constitution in many ways the
idea that were property is an
overstatement they couldn't be sold into
slavery I mean black people were
property women were not property under
the Constitution of the United States
but the but I do have a basic question
here which is what do you think a
judge's job is I mean a judge
where I said and according to the
structure of the Constitution his job is
to interpret the law as it's written not
to make up what he wishes the law were
that's what we have legislators for
that's why we have people who vote on
things the idea they're gonna have some
sort of super legislature made up of the
great wise men who - or women who decide
what a text means that has nothing to do
with the original meaning of the
Constitution what do you think a judge's
job should be well so what an
originalist actually does though is goes
even beyond that interpretation to an
originalist thinks that the 14th
amendment which would actually give
women equal protection
based on what we know from Justice
Scalia he didn't actually think that
that protected women and so he thinks
that equal protection does not prohibit
discrimination on the basis of sex an
originalist like scalia also feels that
the right to privacy is not included in
the Constitution and so I I understand
what a judge's job is but then we also
have thankfully the legislature and so
the legislature can pass public policies
that will give women rights but not
India to be fair that that's what Scalia
says I mean that's what Robert Bork says
that's what justice Justice Thomas says
but I'm an original this is what
original let's say we say this is why we
have legislators the purpose of a
legislature is to pass things like the
Civil Rights Act of 1964 you don't have
judges who just sit there and then pass
legislation this is why we have separate
branches so again I ask you you know
you're upset at the outcome of some of
the of some of what the judges say
because the judges are reading the text
according to what texts mean I mean it's
not poetry but what do you think a judge
should do that is distinct from what a
legislature does the well to answer that
I mean what now is happening is so the
legislature passes a policy to give
women greater access let's use Hobby
Lobby since that's a case that Neal sort
of Gorsuch you know ruled on the
Congress passed health care reform to
allow women to have greater access to
birth control and when that then went
through the court process because
conservatives argued against that when
it went through the court process it was
ruled down and so you know we yes we
might have the legislature yes we have
judges but with an original
perspective like Neil Gorsuch is and
like Scalia's when we tried to progress
women through public policy it then is
still being shot down in the courts
because that originalist perspective as
I mentioned is a sexist person okay so
again the problem is that I mean take
Hobby Lobby as an example it wasn't that
Neil Gorsuch is against contraception
presumably I mean his church apparently
is Pro contraception
the idea that that Neil Gorsuch has a
personal view that anti contraception
that's not a cure I mean Neil Gorsuch
his view is that there's a First
Amendment to the Constitution which
protects the freedom of religion of
people like the religious owners of
Hobby Lobby and said that they don't
have to violate their own religion in
the provision of healthcare now you may
disagree with that policy that's why we
have an amendment process so the
Constitution does it basically enshrine
certain fundamental rights if we
disagree those fundamental rights
there's an amendment process or do you
think that we should just get rid of the
Constitution completely because it seems
to me that sort of what you want we
shouldn't have judges we shouldn't have
judicial review we shouldn't have a
constitution we should just have a
legislature that does all the things
that you want them to do or judges that
just say the legislature can do all
those things no not not at all we could
certainly we need to pass public
policies or we could amend the
Constitution and women did try that
through the Equal Rights Amendment but
that too didn't make it through right
and so to your point about Hobby Lobby
it is the first decision where two
competing interests the religious
freedom religious rights of individuals
did actually then Trump the rights of
those who need access to birth control
and so I think a different judge in that
position who doesn't have an originalist
perspective like Neil gorse it just
wouldn't have ruled in that house should
it so how should a judge read a text
should a judge just decide what the
judge wants to be law and then just say
this is the law like what senator do you
use so my standard is that with the
Constitution I think it was supposed to
be a document a guiding document and so
I don't think anyone at the time the
Constitution was written thought that
the world would always exist as it was
and so I certainly think we need that
text but we should interpret it in light
of what is happening in present day
we've changed a lot as a culture and as
a society and so to assume that you can
use a text from hundreds of years ago to
decide
today just seems ridiculous except that
we do that with texts literally every
day in the courts we use the Sherman
Antitrust Act to rule on antitrust we
use the we use the Food and Drug
Administration Act to determine what the
FBA what the FDA is allowed to regulate
legislation is designed to be
interpreted as text you know this is
just basic legal 101 I mean you're
supposed to read a text as it's written
not as a piece of TS Eliot yes but we
use that text to interpret current day
problems and it seems that when it comes
to women's rights originalist
perspective tends to cite on the air of
always looking backward backward and not
looking at current day because because
they're trying to because if you're
looking if I wrote a piece of
legislation ten years ago and I said to
you okay are you and I write a piece of
legislation today right and we use the
language of today we mean something by
that language in this conversation
somebody will read this 100 years from
now and we will have met what we're
saying to each other we understand what
we're saying if somebody wants to read
what we're talking about today and then
it turns out that all the words that
we're using now mean the reverse because
things have changed in our conversation
mean the reverse of what it meant or
does it mean what we're talking about
right now
words have meaning at the time they are
said and to try and read new meanings
into old words just because quote
unquote times have changed you can end
up with some really bizarre results I
mean and the problem here is that you
know you like you may not like what Neal
Gorsuch is trying to do but at least
it's a rule of interpretation in in the
constitutional structure what we've had
is the Supreme Court very often
reversing itself on the exact same
language by using the sort of rules that
you want so for example in Plessy versus
Ferguson you had the Supreme Court say
that the 14th amendment did not did not
apply to black people insofar as
segregation was okay and then 50 years
after that they say no it turns out the
14th amendment actually meant that
segregation is not okay anymore well
that's silly I mean it either met one or
it meant the other it didn't mean two
different things at the same time one of
those decisions is wrong in one of those
decisions is right that's true for every
judicial decision the idea that we can
just look to our hearts to determine
what a text meant 200 years ago is is
silly when we can find out what they
meant 200 years ago by reading what
they're talking about now
and yes I wouldn't disagree where you
the point though that our conversation
we're having today what we're saying to
one another is what we're saying to one
another and if looked at a hundred years
from now it would still mean the same
thing but people using our conversation
a hundred years from now would have to
apply it to that current day because
it's not going to look the same and so
we do need to look back at text but we
need to interpret them with the current
climate and so to say that I mean
Justice Scalia came out and said that
the Fourteenth Amendment does not
prohibit discrimination on the basis of
sex
Justice Scalia came out and said that
there is no right to privacy in the
Constitution because there aren't any of
those things in the Constitution if you
want to establish one you create an
amendment there's no right to abortion
in the Constitution the right to privacy
is not the right to have an abortion the
right to privacy also covers the right
to access birth control isn't that
yes Griswold versus Connecticut 1965 my
lord of the case but the idea that the
that the founders the people who wrote
the the Constitution were deeply
concerned with access to birth control
in the Federal Constitution is just
silly if you want if you this is why we
had again this is why we have
legislatures the point is that I'm in
favor of availability of contraception
this is why I would elect people who
would be in favor of availability of
contraception if you just want the
courts to do what you want them to do
why not just appoint a couple of
oligarchs we can have Ruth Bader
Ginsberg be our queen and then we don't
actually have to have a legislature
anymore we can skip all these expensive
election things Donald Trump wouldn't be
president and and the notorious RBG
would just rule us all the problem for
women in this country is that when we
pass public policies to increase our
rights
they are then shot down by the court who
doesn't believe what you just explained
that we don't have a right to privacy or
that we don't have equal protection
under the law and so I don't want
they're there they're there there's
there dozens of states that had already
legalized abortion in large part before
roe v wade and the courts had never
struck that down on any on any grounds I
mean now you're reversing it I mean the
fact is that that if a state legislature
passes a law that makes availability of
contraception a thing that's still not
the same thing as for example Hobby
Lobby we're actually forcing people to
pay for your contraception in violation
of their religious obligations so if
you're just talking about access to
health care
Oh a state is perfectly capable of
passing whatever law that it wants and
the courts won't strike it down their
account surveilling their countervailing
interests in some of these cases under
the Constitution and that's what the
Supreme Court is talking about in an
originalist jurisprudence but if you
want to pass a constitutional amendment
go for it again I I guess my final
question is this and unfortunately too
late looks is an interesting
conversation but my final question is
this why bother having elections why
bother having legislators why do you if
the American people are constantly doing
things that are stupid or if the
American people are constantly electing
legislators that are terrible and if you
can just have judges who are going to be
able to apply the Constitution as you
see fit again I ask why not just appoint
Ruth Bader Ginsburg the actual queen of
the United States and she can rule from
above and she'll do all the things you
want and why isn't that okay with you I
mean tyranny with someone who you agree
with seems okay with you a little bit
tyranny is never good and right now I
feel as though we're under a tyranny I'm
just wondering what he's done exactly
but we can get into that in bed that's
another conversation for another time no
I certainly think checks and balances
are what we need in this country you
know I'd end by saying what we haven't
tried in this country is equal
representation and so maybe when we get
a legislative body that is equally men
and women and we get a Supreme Court
that's equally men and women we might
what about what about when we have an
electorate that's fifty four percent
women at that point can we say that we
have equal representation because most
people who vote are women nope not yet
why not what happened to the women are
they are they all slaves well we we
might have the equal voting but we do
not have equal representation in any of
our bodies of government and so until we
have that I think we'll see a big
difference in the policies and the
rights we have as women in the scope a
woman is not really a female voter if
you know if you elect a man I'm just I'm
confused again by like like they don't
know I just think that to your point of
should we have just a judicial branch
ruling all I was answering that no we
need equal representation in all
leadership bodies in this country and so
I was speaking to that piece okay it's
fantastic we have both men and women
voting for both men and women okay
so if I could run for president then
she's a woman so yeah I wouldn't go that
I appreciate you taking the time
Gillian Gilchrist very kind of you to
come on feminist advocate from
Connecticut she is she's at the
political advocacy she teaches political
advocacy at the UConn
so School of Social Work and that people
want to find her work what's the best
way to get in touch great they can find
me on Twitter at Jill Crest
that would be the best way really
appreciate it thanks so much okay so
