last night as news emerged of president
Trump's missile strike against Assyrian
airfields Twitter quickly began
examining Trump's old tweets from 2013
many of which opposed the possibility of
action in Syria by Barack Obama he
tweeted what will we get for bombing
Syria besides more debt and a possible
long term conflict Obama needs
congressional approval he also tweeted
the president must get congressional
approval before attacking Syria big
mistake if he does not and then there
was the re-examination of senator Ted
Cruz's position on American involvement
in the Syrian conflict in 2013 Cruz said
that Assad's chemical weapons use was
quote not a direct threat to US national
security and added that such behavior
was quote well outside the traditional
scope of US military action now Cruz's
silent on Trump's airstrikes adding
quote I look forward to our
commander-in-chief making the case to
Congress and the American people in 2013
I was one of the people who opposed
Obama's pre stated pinprick strike I
tweeted at Hugh Hewitt lobbing missiles
into Syria without decapitating the
regime strengthens mostess that both
Assad and the mullahs I also wrote in a
column around that time that Obama's
strategy was destined to fail because he
had no credibility to uphold he was
negotiating a deal with the Syrian
sponsor state Iran he was undermining
American allies all over the region he
was making the only standard for
intervention use of chemical weapons
while ignoring all of us odds of the war
atrocities so what's changed between
2013 and now three things first Trump
can re-establish American credibility
Obama had already blown American
credibility out of the water for four
years by the time Assad gassed his own
people it was obvious to everybody
Democrats and Republicans that not only
did Obama lack a plan in Syria he was
looking to launch a few missiles to
silence criticisms of his pathetic
foreign policy as I tweeted then hitting
a few donkeys in the rear in Syria
wouldn't do anything but make Assad look
stronger in the United States weaker the
same is not true of Trump he's a brand
new president a man of mystery on
foreign policy a coherent plan of action
following a strong immediate response to
a chemical attack can help reshape the
map in different ways than Obama could
in 2013 second the Russian Iranian axis
is now operative in Syria after Obama
handed over control of Syria to Russia
in 2013 I wrote this quote thanks to
President Obama's statements in August
regarding a Syrian redline on chemical
weapons use in Syria the United States
was faced with three choices in Syria to
pose Assad do nothing in order to
prevent al Qaeda from taking over the
country or as John Kerry advocated push
for
unbelievably small action in order to
reinforce America's credibility the
third option was probably the worst but
in a truly awe-inspiring display of his
foreign policy genius
Obama has found a fourth option
appeasement complete with international
weapons inspections it rejected just a
week ago in 2013 our geopolitical
interests in Syria were significantly
less important than they are now
thanks to Russia's aggressively
reshaping of the Middle East Obama hands
it over power to Russia in Syria thereby
helping complete an Iranian Russian axis
that now spans from Iran to Lebanon and
then backed around through his idiotic
and evil nuclear deal that made around a
regional power again all of that is
creating a safe haven and base of
strength for Iranian backed terrorists
strengthening Putin's hand as an
expansionist dictator and even creating
an incentive for countries who oppose
around in Russia to covertly support
Isis blunting russia's ambitions in
Syria without drawing us into a war with
them is a worthwhile goal third the map
does not look like it did in 2013 here's
the graphic of control of Syria in 2013
you can see those blue dots up in the
top those are the Kurds
and then you see the red dots that's the
the opposition and the black dots out of
the government now here's a map from
March 2017 okay you can see the black
there is Isis the red is the Syrian
government and the yellow is the Kurds
note the geographic divides note also
the new clarity about the identities of
some of us odds rivals in that first map
you didn't know whose rivals were here
you know a lot of them are Isis this
means that America's strategic goals
have changed now it's no longer about
two posing Assad per se which was always
a questionable goal given his terrorist
rivals America has no interest in
intervening in the middle of the Syrians
of war we do have interests regarding
Assad's dominance and fighting Isis
Russia and Assad are not interested in
fighting Isis that was always a fantasy
of pro-russian isolationists our best
policy at this point is to contain the
region without serious intervention kill
as many Isis members as possible along
with friendly countries and to deter
major human rights violations it's
possible if possible well emboldening
the Kurds in that yellow northern region
that's why Trump's first strike matters
but it won't matter unless he has some
sort of strategy to back it up if he
doesn't it will be precisely the same as
Obama's proposed pinprick strike and
will have been a counterproductive
rather than a first blow toward
restoring American interests on the
world stage i'm ben shapiro this is the
ben shapiro show
all righty so obviously ton of news to
get to Neal gore search has now been
confirmed he is now going to be on the
Supreme Court good for Senate Majority
Mitch McConnell Majority Leader Mitch
McConnell I didn't think he was actually
going to do it he did invoke the nuclear
option did what he was supposed to do
good for him we also get to a full
analysis of what is happening in Syria
is it good is it bad or are we undecided
but first I want to say thank you to our
advertisers over a bowline branch so as
somebody who is a really light sleeper a
really poor sleeper there's nothing that
I appreciate more than the bull and
branch sheets that are on my bed it's
bol el and branch comm these are the
most comfortable sheets I have ever
owned I've bought them I think three
separate sheets sets from bull and
branch because they are so comfortable
they're organic cotton but you know they
are all I can tell you I don't know much
about sheets I don't know much about
thread count what I do know is what
feels good and what breeds at night and
what is comfortable you know people
always say things like well this has
1000 thread count ok the thread count
apparently doesn't mean anything that's
just talking about the density of the
threads within a certain amount of space
but what you do is you drive past a gas
station in LA they have a sheet set
they'll say it's a thousand thread count
you buy it and it's just actually like a
plastic tarp boland bread sheets are the
best quality sheets they're 3x
presidents that sleep on them I sleep on
them as well
they are fantastic they're the most
comfortable sheets I have ever owned
I've encouraged my parents to get them
as well bull and branch comm today go
use the promo code Ben and you got 50
bucks off your first set of sheets plus
free shipping when you use that promo
code Ben instead of sheets like 200
bucks there which is significantly less
than it cost for a real luxury brand and
Boehm branch is indeed a luxury brand
you get 50 bucks off your first set of
sheets
50 bucks plus free shipping right now at
bull and branch combi o ll and branch
com use that promo code Ben so that they
know that we sent you and you get that
$50 discount off your first set of
sheets plus the free shipping okay so
big news last night the Gorsuch thing we
can wait till later to discuss but it's
not huge news because we knew all week
today we're gonna confirm justice
Gorsuch big win for president Trump he
fulfills a campaign promise
big win for Mitch McConnell who fulfills
a quasi campaign promise it is a big
thing and I don't think it's this huge a
thing as some people make it out to be
because I don't think the Supreme Court
is this huge a thing as some people make
it out to be
I've said that in the past I will
continue to say that but it is big that
Scalia's seat is maintained
and for originalism as opposed to being
converted over to a left is an activist
seat as it would have under Hillary
Clinton so I got that one totally wrong
during the election cycle I said I
thought that Trump would appoint
somebody who's not conservative or at
the very least Mitch McConnell would not
Ram Trump's pick through over the over
the filibuster and obviously I was wrong
so good for Trump good for Mitch
McConnell that's great stuff but the big
news obviously is that we are now
involved in a war in Syria how much are
we involved not particularly much last
night about would have been about six
o'clock Pacific time we get the news
that the United States has launched
50-plus doing is 59 Tomahawk missiles
from the Mediterranean Sea to a Syrian
base an air base that was apparently the
source of the gas attacks that happened
earlier this week on Syrian civilians
that Trump saw and that made him very
very upset here's a lit of the footage
of the strike
Markandeya struggling six planes on the
ground they knocked out the usefulness
of the airbase there are six Syrian air
bases this did not propose ability to
actually
but it was a sign that Trump is not
gonna sit there and do nothing and it
was a market contrast to President Obama
who after a Syrian gas attack in 2013 he
basically sat around and did nothing
dithered tried to blame Congress and
then finally hands it over controlled
the whole situation to the Russians but
it has raised a number of really
important and interesting questions the
first question I think is was the strike
worthwhile was it something that was
worthwhile and again I go back to what I
just had a few minutes ago
how worthwhile the strike was going to
depend on what comes next so in 1998 al
Qaeda targeted the the u.s. embassies in
Tanzania and Kenya and killed hundreds
of people and Bill Clinton's response
was to shoot off a missile at a chemical
weapons Factory supposedly in Sudan and
hit a camel in the ass and that was
basically the end of it that obviously
not only had no impact it actually was
counterproductive it convinced VIN Laden
that the United States is a paper tiger
we won't can actually do anything and
led to 9/11 if you just do these sort of
symbolic measures that aren't followed
up on with with any sort of real
cohesive policy then nothing actually
matters here it doesn't it doesn't
matter David French I think that's
exactly right in National Review he says
if this is the only strike unless it was
extraordinarily and unusually effective
it has little chance of materially
impacting the Assad regime or the course
of the civil war itself even if it
persuades Assad to refrain from dropping
gas bombs he'll doubtless continue his
campaign of mass murder with barrel
bombs cluster bombs area bombing and
mass executions and as I just said you
know the idea that you can do a pinprick
strike and that's it you know whether
this is effective or not we we just
don't know the answer yet because we
don't know what Trump is going to do yet
second question did Trump tick off his
base a certain part of his base
absolutely you know Ann Coulter is very
upset this morning Paul Joseph Watson at
Infowars has declared himself off the
Trump train Miley innopolis says he's
angry with Daddy predictably enough and
and folks like make certain of it are
very angry about this as well and
claiming that anybody who backs Trump on
this thing anybody who thinks this isn't
the worst idea in the world should join
the US military to which I say to to
people like certain events well you seem
very concerned about pizza gate why
don't you go join the DC police force
you know the idea that you are concerned
about something happening in the world
and this is the the rationale you must
join the military if you care about
persecuting war or prosecuting war you
must join the police force or the border
force if you want people to do
jobs that's silly but the reason that so
many people are upset is because there
are a lot of people who bought into the
original concept of Trump is sort of a
Ron Paul isolationist and what Trump
actually is is an isolationist who if he
gets pissed off fires missiles and
things that's that's all the evidence we
have so far we don't know that he's a
known interventionist
we don't know he's somebody who plans
and this is the great debate what Trump
did in Syria last night was that
something where Trump is actually now
going to shift his entire policy on
Syria and pursue something that's more
coherent and cohesive or is it going to
be a situation where Donald Trump
basically earlier this week said
everything is fine in Syria don't care
what Assad does Assad gas is a bunch of
people he sees it on TV he says oh those
poor babies and then he goes and shoots
off a bunch of missiles and then that's
it if that's it that's not gonna be good
but we don't know the answer yet you
know that that seems to me the most
plausible solution here is that he
doesn't have a coherent strategy the
only reason I say that is because
they're members of the Defense
Department who are already saying this
was one off but this isn't gonna be
something that is repeated and they have
yet to roll out what their strategy
actually is but there's a lot of
confusion so let's start with what
happened before all of this so in 2013
Donald Trump was very militant about not
getting involved in Syria he had a
series of tweets in which he
specifically talked about this he
tweeted if we can get those up he said
the president must get congressional
approval before attacking Syria big
mistake if he does not will talk about
the constitutionality of this in a
second and then he also tweeted that if
the u.s. attacks Syria it'll be a
terrible idea he says if the u.s.
attacks Syria this was September 2nd
2013 and hits the wrong targets killing
civilians there will be worldwide Held's
base stay away and fix broken US and yet
now he's involving himself and then he
also tweeted President Obama do not
attack Syria there is no upside and
tremendous downside Savior powder for
another and more important day so a lot
of his supporters took that seriously
and he can't blame them he said during
the entire campaign that we never should
be involved in Syria we should never be
involved in Iran we should never be
involved in Iraq we should basically
bring everything home and focus on
building roads in Iowa that's that was
sort of his take and so if you look at a
lot of his supporters they have a reason
to be upset with him today because
obviously that was not his position he
saw something on TV he heard
intelligence reports and then he decided
to act and we'll have to see how you
know we'll have to see how much he ends
up acting bob Corker senator from
Hennessey he says that he was excited
that this happened because he was
worried Trump might just make a cheap
deal over Russia patron Putin and Russia
I heard you at the UN ambassador nikki
Haley criticized Russia I have not heard
President Trump holds Putin or Russia
responsible in any way he's been far
more critical of Barack Obama on this
issue than Vladimir Putin why yeah I
don't know I have seen by the way in
evolution even in Russia I'd like to see
more look I'm just being honest with you
I was very concerned in the beginning
that there may be an attempt to do some
cheap deal with Russia relative to
Ukraine and Crimea in Syria and I don't
think there's any chance of that now I
think the president is the longer he's
in office the more yes people coming
into seen from other countries I think
that he's developing a body of knowledge
and experience that will keep anything
like that from occurring and he'll have
an opportunity to see firsthand right
now so we'll find who can go to that
we'll find out you know Putin is is
getting very militant over Syria is this
a one-off where Trump backs down in the
future that's possible too we just don't
know what's going to happen but you can
see the flip happen in real time so
earlier this week Tillerson said that
Assad could stay in power then he added
that no he's saying after that gas
attack that Russia was complicit or
incompetent in preventing the Syria gas
attack there's information the Russian
agents were on the ground as they were
organizing the Syrian gas attack he also
is now saying that there are steps
underway to remove Assad altogether
which is precisely one hundred and
eighty degrees polar opposite of what he
said earlier this week Assad's role in
the future is uncertain clearly and with
the acts that he has taken it would seem
that there would be no role for him to
govern the Syrian people
the process by which sod would leave is
something that I think requires an
international community effort both to
first defeat Isis within Syria to
stabilize the Syrian country to avoid
further civil war and then to work
collectively with our partners around
the world through a political process
that would lead to leaving that
obviously is a flip in position I want
to talk about all these various
positions but first I want to say thank
you to our sponsors over at legacy box
so it may come as a bit of a surprise to
those of you who know me in this podcast
I am NOT the most sentimental human
being I once forgot my own birthday my
dad though he's a total SAP guys manly
and he's my hero but he's a SAP he cried
at the end of terminator yes really
terminator my mom has always said that
if the house is on fire or under water
or following into the San Andreas Fault
my dad would probably be inside the
house trying to save every box of family
photos and every film he could find now
we have legacy box we don't have to
worry about my dad burning or drowning
or falling into the abyss with an armful
of boxes trying to save all the family
memories it couldn't be easier you just
send your old pictures films video tapes
to legacy box they put them on a DVD or
a thumb drive and that saves them
forever makes it convenient they're
preserved they're ready to watch them
ready to reshare and relive if you're
sentimental which I'm not
mostly legacy box comm slash bet make
sure you do that you get that 40%
discount on your order yeah my kids are
the best by the way and legacy box comm
again use that slash pen you get that
40% discount on your order that's legacy
box comm slash been great service
something I really recommend for you and
your family and use that slash pens that
they know that we sent you as well okay
so there are really a few different
positions that are merging on Trump all
we know about Trump is that Trump was
deeply affected in an emotional way
about what happened in Syria so here is
what Trump said after speaking on last
night after the missile attack my fellow
Americans on Tuesday Syrian dictator
Bashar al-assad launched a horrible
chemical weapons attack
on innocent civilians using a deadly
nerve agent Assad choked out the lives
of helpless men women and children it
was a slow and brutal death for so many
even beautiful babies were cruelly
murdered in this very barbaric attack no
child of God should ever suffer such
horror tonight I ordered a targeted
military strike on the airfield in Syria
from where the chemical attack was
launched it is in this vital national
security interest of the United States
to prevent and deter the spread and use
of deadly chemical weapons there can be
no dispute that Syria used banned
chemical weapons violated its
obligations under the Chemical Weapons
Convention and ignored the urging of the
UN Security Council this if you're a
trump follower and Trump spent the
entire his entire campaign ripping on
george w bush saying that george w bush
was a war monger if you recall what was
george w bush's excuse for going into
iraq it was use of chemical weapons by
saddam hussein on his own people the
possibility of future use of weapons of
mass destruction on americans and others
across the world holding a UN sanctions
against all of this yeah and that's
exactly the same template that trump is
using here so people have a right to be
upset with Trump if they were against
the Iraq war and now they say well what
happened to the Trump that we knew and
loved here the fact is that isolationism
runs up against reality not only because
you see nasty pictures on TV but because
it turns out that there are nasty forces
in the world from Iran to Russia who are
interested in maximizing their own power
at the expense of us power and that's
really where America's interests lies
here not in the human rights violations
which are terrible but exist all over
the world it really lies in the idea
a strengthened Russia that has an impact
in broadening the sphere of influence
for Iran and for and for places like
places like Lebanon and Syria and Assad
that when you do all of this you're
heightening the chance of war against
America's allies war against citizens of
the West and and terrorism against
citizens of the West and Assad has been
complicit in that now all of that said
that basically there are three solutions
three possible things that can be done
here and we'll talk about all of them
but for that I'm gonna have to go over
to Daily wire comm and subscribe right
now eight dollars a month gets you a
subscription over at daily wire.com
right now if you get a subscription then
you can watch the rest of this show live
Plus be part of the mailbag which is
happening right now you don't get to be
part of the mailbag and have your
questions answered unless you go to
daily wire comm right now and subscribe
also you get to watch kleavon's show
live and be part of kleavon's mailbag as
well plus I promise there are more
goodies coming up for members in the
very near future and if you become an
annual member you get a kind as a free
signed copy of Michael Moses reasons
vote Democrat a comprehensive guide a
masterwork of political thought about
leftism and it is the most thorough book
on democratic thought ever quasi pen so
pick that up by becoming an annual
subscriber over at daily wire.com
or if you just want to listen later at
itunes and soundcloud then go over there
and check it out and make sure that you
leave us a review on iTunes we always
appreciate it we are the most popular
conservative podcast in America
