if you've been feeling a little out of
sorts lately bloated crampy over
emotional it may be because it's that
time of the month when we visit our
favorite website everyday feminism we
here at the Andrew Clavin show love
everyday feminism it gives us a day off
from writing creative hilarious satire
that underscores the absurdity of
leftists because all we have to do is
read what's on the site out loud there
are a couple of wonderful pieces up on
everyday feminism right now for instance
here's one about a woman who is pregnant
with a baby girl it's called eight
things I'll do to raise a that positive
kid
you see feminists believe that girls
feel too much pressure to be physically
attracted so that they'll be healthy and
have a positive sense of themselves and
appeal to the visual instincts of a man
who might then get to know and love them
and help them have a happy and
fulfilling life instead feminists feel a
girl needs to learn to be that positive
so that she won't become shallow and
insecure but will simply have a heart
attack and die
so this expectant mother on everyday
feminism has listed her ideas on how she
can raise if that positive daughter for
instance by displaying fat positive
artwork introducing her daughter to that
positive role models and giving her
daughter a defibrillator so she can
shock herself back to life after she
collapses on the floor girls need to
learn that being fat positive is much
easier than developing self-discipline
and eating well which is annoying and
involves less cake another article on
everyday feminism is called five
supposedly empowering things we need to
stop telling people about their periods
this is an absolutely amazing article
because it exists and takes up space
that could be used by something more
important like an episode list of all
ten seasons of happy days or a video of
a German Shepherd who can sing like a
parakeet among the supposedly empowering
things we need to stop telling people
about their periods our periods make you
a woman the author points out that quote
trans men get periods and non-binary
people get periods and that doesn't mean
the trans men and non-binary people are
actually women
oh wait yes it does and maybe we should
skip over that one another thing we need
to stop saying about periods is that
periods bind women together I have to
admit that is kind of a disgusting image
and maybe we should stop saying it
although maybe it's already too late
since now the images in my mind forever
finally the author objects to being told
that periods quote embody woman's
ever-changing earthly emotional and
intuitive nature unquote she says such
claims make her absolutely furious and
she just wants to throw things across
the room and rip the head off anyone who
even talks to her although probably
that's just because she's having her
period
trigger warning I'm Henrik Clavin and
this is the Andrew Clavin show
