on Saturday socialists septuagenarian
loon bag senator Bernie Sanders
independent of crazy land took to
Twitter to fire off a missive about how
evil and terrible Americans are here's
what he tweeted quote we are living in a
nation which worships wealth rather than
caring for the poor I don't think that
is the nation we should be living in he
can move this isn't the first time
Sanders has expressed this idea in
January Sanders said America was quote
not a compassionate society and stated
quote our record is worse than virtually
any other country on Earth this is
stupid
first off Sanders obviously worships
government power rather than caring for
the poor the notion that the socialist
nations with which he sympathized
throughout his youth cared more for the
poor than the greatest prosperity
generating nation in the history of
mankind is absurd on its face
Sanders merely wishes he ran the world's
wealth because he thinks he could
allocate it better than billions of
people exchanging free in free exchange
goods and services all around the planet
in fact he routinely stands against such
free exchange
second the American people actually
don't worship wealth in the way
standards does Marxists are materialists
they think that all of human happiness
amounts to material well-being the
American people willingly give of
themselves far more than residents of
any other country the American almanac
of the month the philanthropic
philanthropy that found that Americans
quote out donate Britain in Canada two
to one and nations like Italy in Germany
20 to one what's more more than half of
every single income class except those
earning less than 25 grand donate to
charity greedy evil one percenters we
give one-third of all that charity and
the wealthiest 1.4 percent of americans
are responsible for 86 percent of the
charitable donations made at death
America is by far the most religious
country in the industrialized world the
notion we sit around worshipping money
is a leftist conceit that identifies
good middle-class living built around
church and family as Babbitt rate but
Sanders engages in just that sort of
Babbitt Rhee while ignoring community on
his own he owns three homes and as for
his claims that Americans are selfish he
donated about eighty three hundred bucks
to charity in 2014 on earnings of two
hundred and five thousand dollars that
is half the percentage of income given
to charity that the Clintons handed over
not exactly the record of a man who
proclaims the wealth means nothing and
that the trappings of materialism must
be shed in favor of redistribution the
media constantly pay attention to
president from square feet they should
but Sanders this Twitter feed is far
more idiotic 'el and ideologically it's
actually more dangerous i'm ben shapiro
the
is the Ben Shapiro show so tons to get
to today obviously lots of breaking news
from the hill we will talk about what's
happening at the Comey hearing on the
hill with the House Intelligence
Committee and from brusha ties and and
Trump's accusations of Obama wiretapping
we'll also talk briefly about the
Gorsuch hearings we'll save some of that
for tomorrow because they're happening
contemporaneously with the show today
but we have lots to get to even beyond
that but first we have to say thank you
to our sponsors over at blue apron so if
you want a good solid home-cooked meal
healthy top-notch but you actually don't
know how to cook you don't know anything
about cooking you don't know how to shop
for the best ingredients that's what
blue apron is for so blue apron has
established partnerships with all these
farms and fisheries and ranchers across
the United States and they send you all
of the best ingredients with the recipes
so that you can make all the meals on
your own and it is the best home cooking
system available on the market today
not only does cooking build better
family bonds it's a lot of fun I do with
my daughter all the time it also means
that you are going to spend more time
with family and the food is better
because their aprons are the recipes are
created by blue apron the ingredients
are shipped to you in the proper
quantities and some of their upcoming
meals have a different recipe every
night and they never repeat the recipe
so listen to some which is great I mean
if you're someone like me who's stuck in
a rut of having the same thing every
Tuesday night blue apron breaks that up
for you here are some of their upcoming
meals salmon piccata with orzo and
broccoli vegetable chili and baked sweet
potatoes with crispy tortilla strips I
mean this is top notch stuff everybody I
know is using blue apron calm and it's
affordable for less than $10 per person
per meal and they deliver those seasonal
recipes along with pre portion
ingredients to make delicious
home-cooked meals they say there's
variety and it's guaranteed if something
comes and it's not ready to cook they
will make it right for you right now if
you go to blue aprons com slash Shapiro
blue apron comm slash Shapiro you get
those first three meals free with free
shipping it's like a $30 value by going
to blue apron comm slash Shapiro you
will love how good it feels and tastes
to create incredible home-cooked meals
with blue apron
don't wait it's blue apron comm slash
Shapiro blue aprons icon slash apparel
blue apron is the best way to o'clock
okay so lots happening on the
today so we will start with that not a
good hearing for President Trump on the
hill today so James Comey
the director of the FBI and the and the
national security administration head
who is Admiral Mike Rogers they both
basically came out and they said that
Trump is is full of crap when it comes
to Obama wiretapping him now that
doesn't mean that there were not Trump
associates caught up in wiretaps of
Russians it doesn't mean that Trump
associates were not wiretap themselves
although we have no evidence of that it
does mean that Trump's accusation the
President Obama wiretapped him or that
he wiretap Trump Tower again there is no
evidence at all that this is true
so you know the idea that the Trump
keeps promoting it and keeps doubling
down on it he's destroying his own
public trust with this thing at this
point so Comey came out and first Comey
said there was no evidence at all he
said I have no information that supports
these tweets we have looked fully within
the FBI he said the DOJ had no
information supporting President Trump's
tweets either he said no president could
order a wiretap anyway because all
electronic surveillance works through
the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance
Act Court which is not a surprise
because top Democrats and Republicans in
the House and the Senate have already
said they have no evidence to
substantiate Trump's tweet there were
the accusations last week by Judge
Napolitano on Fox News that British
intelligence had been working with Obama
to wiretap Trump the National Security
Administration had Mike Rogers he said
an open testimony that any allegations
that the British did this were quote
utterly ridiculous so there are all
these reports from Infowars that there
were documents that were gonna come out
showing that Obama had wiretap Trump
that appears to be at least according to
this testimony a bunch of crap which is
not surprising Infowars tends to report
things that are not true more often than
than other news sources and people buy
into stuff because they feel like it
confirms their pre-existing notions
there is a significant amount of
confirmation bias and how people view
the news and so this is not good for
Trump now does this mean that the
intelligence community leaking about
Trump is anything decent no it doesn't
and so you have dueling narratives now
the narrative that you get from the left
is the Trump was full of crap about the
Obama wiretap and the narrative that you
have from the right from from people
like you know people like me and people
like the folks on Fox News is that these
what are these leaks
regarding the information about the
Trump team and Russia and all of that
there's no reason that should be out in
front and that's true there's something
deeply awkward and wrong about having
the FBI director going out there and
discussing active investigations this is
also true during the campaign
Republicans don't have a huge leg to
stand on here because they were
perfectly happy to watch James Comey
come out and reveal that there was an
ongoing investigation into Hillary
Clinton when there was actually no
evidence that he ended up providing
demonstrating additional proof of
Hillary's guilt beyond that which we
already knew in July when he basically
exonerated her James Comey is a terrible
FBI director named he's gonna put that
out front James Comey the FBI director
is awful at his job he can't shut his
face he obviously wants to stick his
foot into every public pie that is
available so there are really two pieces
of breaking news from the Comey hearings
one trumps allegations about the
wiretapping at Trump Tower no evidence
of those whatsoever is that gonna stop
people from believing it no and we'll
get to that in a prop in a second
because that is a major problem is the
idea that if you're rooting for someone
the truth is secondary we've now been
discussing this for well over a year
it's true among conservatives it's from
leftist the idea that truth is secondary
to victory is something that's being
promulgated at the highest levels
including from president Trump it's also
being promulgated on the left you have
President Trump who says things like if
CNN runs a poll I don't like that's only
because CNN is a failing news outlet
they're losers basically the ratings
suck equating success with truth and
then on the Left you have people
equating equating success with truth in
other words if they get away with saying
that Trump is an illegitimate president
even if it's not true then that makes it
okay right the ends justify the means
has become not just an ancillary part of
politics but the core of politics on
both sides and then say really really
nasty negative things so that's a piece
of news number one piece of news number
two is that Comey confirmed that the FBI
has been since July investigating the
Trump Russia connections okay which is
not great okay not not a great thing
that means that both presidential
candidates in the last election cycle
you want to ride and vote for either of
them both presidential candidates in the
last election cycle were under active
investigation by the FBI both of them or
at least their people were okay Hillary
Clinton was under investigation because
her emails
and Donald Trump's team was under
investigation apparently
here is what Comey said quote the FBI as
part of our counterintelligence mission
is investigating the Russian
government's efforts to interfere in the
2016 presidential election and that
includes investigating the nature of any
links between individuals associated
with the Trump campaign and the Russian
government and whether there was any
coordination between the campaign and
Russia's efforts now we have to stop
there for a second Comey at no point
said that he had uncovered evidence of
actual collusion between the Trump team
and the Russians as far as affecting the
election now Democrats have been out
front saying that there is this deep
collusion it's obvious it's open to
anybody and they're pointing at people
like Paul Manafort and saying well Paul
Amanah for it was Trump's campaign
manager Paul Manafort
actually worked for Vladimir Putin what
more do you need than that well you do
need more than that if you actually want
to have criminal charges or if you want
to claim that the election was actually
impacted in a deep way by manna Ford who
was out pretty early on in the election
cycle and replaced by Steve Bannon and
Kellyanne Conway so the idea that that
manna fort was the guy who is behind
everything that this is all some sort of
big Russian plans are they're suspicious
ties between Trump campaign officials in
Russia yes does that mean that this has
extended Trump no it doesn't it's quite
possible that Trump who is admittedly an
ignoramus about the political system
that he just hired somebody who was seen
as sort of a blackops artist which is
what manna fort was seen as he hired him
and then he found out that manna fort
had ties to the Russians and then he had
to fire him
that's actually quite plausible so the
idea this extends all the way up to
trump and that there was active
collusion between Trump's people and the
Russians in order to affect the election
on Trump's behalf that Comey actually
said in this hearing there's no evidence
that the shift in the Republican
National Committee in the Republican
National Committee platform there the
shifts with regard to Ukraine and Russia
he said there's no evidence that that is
tied in any way to Russian influence so
you know a lot of this is speculation on
the part of Democrats so what we've got
on both sides now is speculation on
behalf of scandals that really are not
materializing we have speculation on
behalf of scandals that are really not
materializing on both sides on the one
side you have people on the right
speculating that Trump was a victim of
Obama esquire tapping and that this is
the end of the world and they're just
basically at this point speculating
they're basically just throwing stuff
out there without a lot of evidence to
back it up and on the other side you
have the Democrat
speculating that Trump is some sort of
Russian plant without any evidence to
back it up and so what you end up with
is a bunch of innuendo and nobody trusts
each other and nobody knows what the
hell is going on and that is not a good
State for government to be in at this
point in time it's not that you should
trust the government I don't think you
should trust the government I'm in favor
of limited government and I wish that
all of this massive distrust in
government actually led to people saying
okay well let's make the government that
I don't trust less involved in my life
unfortunately what it seems to be doing
is the opposite in a lot of ways which
is I don't trust the government
therefore if we put in charge someone
that I do trust then everything will
work out just fine and that's not right
okay that's not right because just
because you trust Trump doesn't mean
he's telling you the truth
just cuz he trusted Obama didn't mean
that he was telling you the truth they
all have their own agenda and the agenda
at no point seems to cross paths even
remotely with the truth so you know
that's that's disastrous yeah just to
give you some evidence that this is how
people are thinking now Adam Schiff who
is one of the people who is doing the
questioning during this latest Comey
hearing here's the Adam Schiff talking
about the level of circumstantial
evidence of collusion between the Trump
campaign in Russia
look collusion is is sort of what hasn't
been proven here between whatever the
Russians did and the Trump campaign in
fact the former acting director of the
CIA who was a Mike Morell who was a
supporter of Hillary Clinton he
essentially reminded people took
director clapper at his word on this
show who said there has been no evidence
that has been found of collusion are we
at the point of at what point do you
start to wonder if there is a fire to
all the smoke well first of all I I was
surprised see director clappers say that
because I don't think you can make that
claim categorically as he did I would
characterize it this way at the outside
of the investigation there is
circumstantial evidence of collusion
there is direct evidence I think of
deception and that's where we begin the
investigation now I don't want to
prejudge where we ultimately end up and
of course there's one thing to say
there's evidence there's another thing
to say we can prove this or prove it
beyond a reasonable doubt or there's
enough evidence to bring to a grand jury
for purposes of a criminal indictment
but there is certainly enough for us to
conduct an investigation the American
people have a right to know in order to
defend ourselves we need to know whether
these the circumstantial evidence of
collusion and direct evidence of
deception is indicative of more I assume
that the direct evidence of deception
he's talking about is Mike Flint
admitting that he talked to the Russians
when he said he hadn't talked to the
Russians but you know again this is just
paper-thin it's just a tissue it's just
a tissue and then you have combing out
their substantiating the tissue with
nothing to back it and so this is just
gonna lead to more speculation this is
why the intelligence community needs to
stop talking okay the intelligence
community should not be out front
discussing active investigations
this is commies fault it is also the
fault of a very very leaky intelligence
community that hates Donald Trump
so that is a third scandal and maybe the
biggest one and maybe the biggest
problem because the more information
comes out that is unsubstantiated and
there's no way to substantiate it the
more people are not going to trust
either side and they're gonna go back to
their respective corners and the
Republicans will talk to Trump and trust
him and the Democrats will talk to
Schumer and trust him and nobody in the
center will actually have any place to
go and nobody will know what the truth
is because the people who are supposed
to be investigating the truth keep
dripping out little pieces of
information that are not helpful in any
way and that is Jim's commis fault that
is Jim's commis problem and so I don't
think the Republicans are wrong when
they when they say that all of these
leaks are a disaster
Eric Trump you know he was saying that
the leaking Trump's taxes is a problem
he's right leaking Trump's taxes is a
problem you know it's really sad that
we're an environment where you know tax
returns are leaked by you know whoever
it may be and I mean they just just
think about it I mean just think about
how dangerous that is how third-world
that is of a practice that happened when
personal information is being put out by
people for political agendas and it's as
the civilian affections to get rid of me
okay and it should be scary and I think
that Eric Trump is right here Rand Paul
says the same thing he says that there
should be some investigation into the
leakers regarding Michael Flynn and his
calls with Russia the intelligence
community should not be leaking
information on active investigations I
think that we know one thing for sure
that the Obama administration did spy on
Flynn now whether it was direct or
indirect somebody was reading and and
taking a con a transcript of his phone
calls and then they released it it is
very very important that whoever
go to jail because you cannot have
members of the intelligence community
listening to the most private and highly
classified information and then
releasing that to the New York Times
there can only there is true as well so
again just to recap there are three
scandals okay there's one that's real
and two that really are not so real the
one that's real is the leaking scandal
because it is obvious members of the
intelligence community should not be
leaking information that is against the
law it is against the law and there's a
problem it was a problem during the
campaign it was a problem for Hillary
Clinton it's a problem now okay all of
it is a problem and James Comey does not
make that any better I think
I think Comey has to go then on the
other hand you have two other scandals
both of which seem to be paper-thin and
following apart one is Trump saying that
Obama wire captain paper-thin but
Republicans believe it anyway and the
other is Trump and Russia were colluding
paper-thin but Democrats believe it
anyway none of this is good for our
politics and then there's something else
that's really bad for our politics that
I'll discuss in just a second but first
I have to say thank you to our
advertisers over at my Patriot supply so
right now North Korea won't shut up okay
North Korea keeps saying over and over
they're gonna nuke us and you may not
believe them until it's time for them to
nuke you don't worry about natural
disaster either until the natural
disaster has already happened you don't
worry too much about an earthquake or a
flood or a hurricane until it's too late
and it's hit you and all the grocery
stores are cleaned out and you don't
have anywhere to get the food and the
government can't get to you and that's
why you need to go to prepare with been
calm right now prepare with been calm or
call eight eight eight eight oh three
fourteen thirteen and get your four-week
supply of emergency food eight eight
eight eight oh three fourteen thirteen
this is just the the cautious and proper
thing to do prepare with been calm a
four week emergency food supply for only
$99 it lasts forever
it lasts for what is it twenty years and
and that means that you're only gonna
have to do this once so go to just go do
it put it in your closet forget about it
until it's time for you use the food
supply that you were smart enough to buy
in advance prepare with Ben comm 888 803
1413 and apparently food tastes really
good actually I was told that by people
in the office who have tasted it
prepared with been calm 888 803 1413 you
never worry about an emergency until
it's too late right now you can get this
off your mind right now
gonna prepare with been calm right now
order that and before we commence e food
supply you never have to worry about it
again and that's the way it should work
okay so there is something else really
nasty happening in politics and that is
we're undermining trust from both sides
because we've barricaded ourselves in
our own narrative without actually
looking at the evidence is there
evidence that Trump colluded with Russia
not so much is there evidence that Obama
wiretap Trump not so much
and so we barricade ourselves in our
sides we just look for confirming
information and that's exacerbated by
all of the social media which have
algorithms that benefit sites that are
like the ones you look at so if you tend
to look at sites on the right you're
going to be promoted to more sites on
the right and that means that you are
further ensconced in this bubble but the
biggest problem I think is that our
politicians just keep lying to us they
just keep lying for their own political
benefit and then the promises they make
never materialize which undermines trust
on a grand scale Roland Martin was
talking about the fact that Trump care
is now going to be up for a vote and
Trump care should be up for vote against
this Thursday in the house Trump has
been promising for a long time nobody is
going to lose their health insurance
health insurance is gonna be available
for everyone he's been using Democrat
language to talk about Trump care for a
very long time about health insurance
for a very long time and he made a bunch
of promises that this bill is just not
going to guarantee because Trump was
talking in terms that the bill doesn't
guarantee Roland Martin who's a Democrat
says this but he's not wrong here he is
you've been had you've been took you've
been hood weak bamboozled led astray run
amok to watch these white working-class
voters upset and mad saying I voted for
you I'm going we tried to tell you this
is what the main said he was going to do
now they're faced with the backlash of
and how they love the Affordable Care
Act and not okay and he is he is not
wrong than when you make promises to
people and he can't fulfill those
promises that undermines trust so in
2010 Republicans said that they were
going to repeal and replace Obamacare
they didn't in 2012 they said they were
gonna do it in 2014 they said they were
gonna do it in 2016 they say they're
gonna do it and then the plan that they
proposed doesn't actually do it so I
want to talk about the damage that it
does when Republicans make promises to
the white working-class and to the
working-class generally such as white
working-class that they cannot keep and
whether that makes a difference or not
and we'll talk about can Republicans win
by telling
I think that is the big question in all
of this just generally from the scandals
to Trump care I think the biggest
question right now can Republicans win
by telling the truth or is truth an
obstacle to victory and that means the
truth has to go out the window in favor
of some sort of higher truth well which
is victory for central principles of
conservatism that is I think the great
battle at the heart at the beating heart
of what's going on in the conservative
movement right now but in order for you
to hear that we're gonna have to go over
to Daley wire.com and become a
subscriber $8 a month got to
subscription today Lee Weyer calm if you
become an annual subscriber right now
then you get a free copy of reasons to
vote democrat a comprehensive guide it
is entirely thorough by Michael Knowles
it is 266 pages of goodness you can
check it out reasons to vote Democrat a
comprehensive guide it is a number one
bestseller on Amazon was for like a week
and a half and still tens of thousands
of copies you can get it for free signed
by our very own Michael Mills that
genius yell historian go over and check
it out you can get an $8 annual
subscription the $8 per month annual
subscription right now means that you
get the copy of Michael Mills his new
book or if you just want to listen to
the rest of the show later go over to
iTunes or SoundCloud leave us a review
at iTunes we are the largest
conservative podcast in the nation
you
