new stories about the ties between
Russia and Donald Trump's presidential
campaign are now so complex that it's
become difficult to tell whether CNN and
the New York Times are lying to try to
sway public opinion toward Democrats or
whether they're just making stuff up
because they're bored and have nothing
better to do let's take a look at the
developments so far
suspicions of Trump's Russian
connections first arose when Hillary
Clinton lost the presidential election
all across this great land from West
42nd Street to West 59th journalists
began asking themselves how could a
corrupt dishonest socialist old bat who
screeches like a pterodactyl fail to win
the hearts and minds of the American
people the answer must lie in Russia you
see the Russians had cleverly sent
Clinton campaign manager John Podesta
an email disguised as a message from
Google the email read quote privyet
comrade John someone has hacked your
password skee please send new passwords
key to boris and Natasha your friends at
Google dosvedanya Vlad unquote
completely suckered in by this clever
fishing expedition Podesta sent the sly
Russians his password allowing them to
steal and then leak his emails these
emails shocked the nation by revealing
that Hillary Clinton was a corrupt
dishonest socialist old bat who
screeches like a pterodactyl up to that
point
voters may have realized that Hillary
was corrupt and probably dishonest and
okay they already understood she was a
socialist and yes they could see for
themselves as she was an old bat who
screeched like a pterodactyl but they
had never until this moment fully
realized that John Podesta was stupid
enough to send his password to the
Russians this shocking news may have
only swayed zero percent of the
electorate but it was the crucial zero
percent that put Donald Trump over the
top as one voter told reporters quote
after eight years of being unemployed
and watching Obama sellout American
interests while he tried to force me to
let boys into the girls room at my
daughter's school I was just about to
vote for four more years of the same
until I read those doggone emails
unquote
so so far journalists so for journalists
the question naturally arises what did
Trump know and when did he become a
Russian spy so far reporters have found
no evidence that Trump was involved in
this completely meaningless mischief but
they have spent enough man-hours
covering the story that each and every
one of them could have used his time
more productively by whittling a bar of
soap into a miniature replica of the
battleship Missouri working round the
clock journalists have exposed the fact
that people who meet with ambassadors
have met with ambassadors people who
speak to Vladimir Putin have spoken to
Vladimir Putin and that Donald Trump
himself may have whistled the theme song
to From Russia With Love while taking a
shower in a hotel owned by a man who
read the first hundred pages of war and
peace in college stay tuned for more on
this amazing story of cynicism stupidity
and rank corruption or as we call it
American journalism trigger warning I'm
Andrew Clavin and this is the Andrew
Clavin show
all right it's mailbag day and we'll be
doing that after we break away from
Facebook and YouTube so you gotta come
over to the daily wire.com and while
you're there you could subscribe what
are we giving away something new
we're giving away he knows this book
Holly we are giving away Michel
Knowles's reasons to vote you got to
subscribe for a year it's a lousy eight
bucks a month and we're giving away
Michel noses reason to vote for
Democrats a completely blank book and if
we run out we'll just send your dream of
papers it actually is a limited offer we
only have so many of them right so
that's that is in the mail back I do
have some bad news which is I'm going to
Washington tomorrow to the National
Review ideas summit why they asked me I
don't know but it's really like heavy
hitting you know intellectuals and big
Paula Paul Ryan is gonna be there early
and me you know I think I'm cleaning the
tables I think that's why I'm waiting
tables after the thing is over but
because of this we were gonna do a show
on Friday but our producer Jonathan hay
is doing his hair that day so oh that's
the day you roll up your socks isn't it
I think yeah that's right so we this so
the clayvin this weekend begins after
the show and that's it's bad news for
but some of you will survive some of you
will probably live through it and come
back on Monday so that's just have to
set that up meanwhile is your underwear
comfortable that's the real question
that is the real question is your
underwear comfortable because if you
were wearing Mac Weldon it would be and
I am this is testimony
I am testifying to Mac well then I
bought it online first really easy
website easier than you know whatever
website you use that you just love it's
like one of those websites to you click
you're there you pick the stuff out you
like you can pick the color I I got a
hoodie at this place that is it has
become now one of my favorite pieces of
clothing I wear this stuff so much that
when my wife wants to wash it she just
picks me up by the heels and dumps me
headfirst into the washing machine
because I won't take this thing off it
really is good stuff I don't know what
they make it out of but it's so come
it's really comfortable really fits you
can play in it you can do sports in it
if you want we just wear it for comfort
and and if you go there now to Matt Mac
Weldon dot-com you can get 20% off by
using the promo code Clavin that's KLA
VA n use the promo code Clavin kla VA n
and you will get 20% off really
comfortable underwear and other stuff
sweatshirts and hoodies and the like and
I actually got through that ad without
cracking up like I did alright so we
talked earlier it was earlier this week
I think that I was talking about the
fact that Trump has defeated for now the
Democrat media which is most of the
mainstream media but it's even better
than that he now has them on self-defeat
there now defeating themself did you see
that Rachel Maddow thing it was like she
went down you know here's the thing the
mainstream media is so insulated so
inside this bubble that it has created
this entire fantasy world we're just
joking about the Russian thing when you
really study this Russian scandal there
is no there there they keep saying well
I hacked the election nobody hacked the
election they hacked some emails they
send some emails out I'm sure it had
very very little effect on who people
were voted for people are much smarter
than that so they didn't hack the
election didn't happen total fantasy as
far as we know there's no you know in
insidious connection between the Trump
campaign and the Russians so that's a
fantasy so now they have this thing he
didn't turn in his tax returns and Mike
my guests to be honest with you is the
Trump didn't turn in his tax returns cuz
he's not as wealthy as he says he is cuz
he makes such a big you know deal about
how wealthy is and so maybe only has a
few billion dollars right look as far as
I'm concerned once you've got a billion
dollars once you go from the M to the B
you've kind of crossed that line so
Rachel Maddow gets two pages of Trump's
2005 tax returns this is now 12 years
ago right and she at 7:30 at night she
tweets out breaking we've got Trump tax
returns tonight 9:00 p.m. ET MSNBC and
then in Perth this is
seriously seriously now this is one of
this is one of my favorite pieces of
tape I think of the year so far she
comes on and this I want to get the the
first one that number three she comes on
and she builds this up and she is when I
say she's having hot flashes she's
waving her fan hand in front of her
faces she's having hot flashes look at
this a little bit of a hullabaloo around
here this evening a little cluster
people literally were tweeting at me
shut up until 8:59 58 I'm going to watch
thank you Chris appreciate it and thanks
to at home for joining us for the next
hour you may have heard we've got some
significant breaking news tonight Donald
Trump's tax returns have surfaced at
least a portion of Donald Trump's past
tax returns what we have tonight has
been turned over to a reporter these are
returns for one year it's a federal
return this is the first time we believe
any federal tax returns for Donald Trump
have been obtained by anyone certainly
by any news organization since he became
a presidential candidate let alone
president I want to tell you that the
way we got this document the way we got
this Trump tax return is through David
Cay Johnston David Cay Johnston is a
Pulitzer prize-winning investigative
journalist he's a specialist on tax
issues and on financial reporting David
Cay Johnston and his reporting shop DC
report org that's who obtained this
return and tonight we have this
exclusive first look at their reporting
at what they have obtained in just a
second we are going to show you exactly
what it is that we've got we're gonna
walk through it with David Cay Johnston
we're going to get context on it we're
going to get some explanation of what it
means importantly we're going to get
some explanation and discussion about
what further avenues for reporting this
may open it goes and she goes on and on
she does she goes the full Geraldo
remember Geraldo Rivera did Al Capone's
vault and he built it up for an hour and
then they opened the vault and there's a
there was a broken bottle inside that's
an empty whiskey never go the full
Harrah's will rate Geraldo Rachel's
submission he goes the full Geraldo and
she just builds up bills and Twitter is
hilarious I mean Twitter is going nuts
they're putting up these you know these
little videos or people banging
themselves with rakes and there's ain't
Kilis Rachel just tell us what he paid
in taxes all right but she's in full
fantasy mode she's telling all the
things that might be in this thing and
this is a fantasy that the left has been
having for a long time you remember
Hilary we have a clip of Hilary during
the debates remember she what she
wonders why doesn't Trump release his
returns so you've got to ask yourself
why won't he release his tax returns and
I think there may be a couple of reasons
first maybe he's not as rich as he says
he is second maybe he's not as
charitable as he claims to be
third we don't know all of his business
dealings but we have been told through
investigative reporting that he owes
about 650 million dollars to Wall Street
and foreign banks or maybe he doesn't
want the American people all of you
watching tonight to know that he's paid
nothing in federal taxes because the
only years that anybody's ever seen were
a couple of years when he had to turn
them over to state authorities when he
was trying to get a casino license and
they showed he didn't pay any federal
income tax so that makes me zero that
means zero for troops zero for vets zero
for schools or health and you know every
American every American is sitting at
home going like wow you know I I really
want to pay as much income tax as I want
so with Trump says that makes me smart
if I didn't pay any income taxes people
are thinking like well yeah so now
finally after going on I don't know how
long she went on but it seemed forever
rachel takes out you'd think she hadn't
read it it looked like she hadn't read
it you know she takes out these two
pages of a 12-year old tax return and
here's the big reveal what I have here
is a copy of Donald Trump's tax returns
we have his federal tax return for one
year for 2005
I believe this is the only set of the
president's federal taxes that reporters
have ever gotten ahold of what we have
are these two pages front and back from
the same 1040 form that you might have
filled out when you file your taxes and
in terms of what's on here let me give
you the basics aside from the numbers
being large these pages are
straightforward
he paid 38 million dollars like 38
million dollars in taxes I took a big
write down of a hundred and three
million dollars more on that later if
you add up the lines for income he made
more than a hundred and fifty million
dollars in that year and Mazel Tov we
got these pages we got this document
today from a Pulitzer prize-winning
investigative journalist who's better on
financial matters than almost anybody
else in the business as same as David
Cay Johnston these pages turned up the
other day in his mailbox paid 38 million
dollars in taxes on under that's that is
more tactful as more taxes than Comcast
base it is it's a higher tax rate than
Obama paid it's so that's that's like
close to a quarter of his income which
which raises the question in my mind how
did the government get to own one-fourth
of anybody's time how do you get to own
one-fourth of anybody makes you 1/4 a
slave how did that happen how are we
getting into that debate
so even CNN and this is a wild cut this
is not the yeah here it is number one
here's CNN panel right all liberals and
listen to the assumptions in here even
they are going like oh boy this was this
was a big big bust listen to this it's
reality if all we get tonight is that
Donald Trump pay thirty eight million
dollars to America's government that's a
good night for Donald I'm sorry there's
just really no way like I was hoping and
praying that it would show not only he
paid no taxes he actually charges the
government and got money back that I
could get excited paid in rubles
would be amazing about that is that when
the New York Times got the 1995 taxes
the big headline was 960 million dollar
deduction
that allows Donald Trump to not pay any
taxes forever actually for 18 years so
if if 10 years later he's paying 38
million and and Trump at the debate
essentially said that that story was
right he said that makes me smart that
makes me smart so he was actually
bragging right so never honest shows
that maybe that actually he paid more
tax than he's previously admitted to
it's great and what I love about this
what I love is even they're actually
they don't know it but they're actually
making fun of themselves I mean Anderson
Cooper said we were hoping he was paid
in rubles and Van Jones is saying I was
hoping and praying
why are you hoping and praying that the
president is a tax cheat because you
stink because living in a fantasy world
of fantasy scandals hoping and hoping
and hoping that the crap you throw
against the wall is eventually gonna
stick because that's what they did to
george w bush we got to say goodbye to
facebook and youtube but the mailbag is
coming and you will be able to send
questions live it does raise the chances
that i'll be right lower the chances
that i'll be right from a hundred
percent to ninety-nine point seven
percent i think but you can't send them
in life
