many of you may recently have heard the
term intersectionality and you may have
asked what is intersectionality or you
may have asked why can't you just shut
up and leave me the hell alone let me
try to answer at least one of those
questions intersectionality is a term
invented by kimberl√© crenshaw and she's
a law professor specializing in gender
and race so you know whatever she says
is going to be great
intersectionality is the theory that
people can be understood through
intersecting social identities such as
race gender social class and sexual
orientation it's only when the effect of
all your interwove and identities is
fully understood that you know how much
you're allowed to blame your crappy life
on other people blaming your crappy life
on other people is called being
oppressed and being oppressed gives you
the right to shout stupid stuff while
wearing a pink hat that makes you look
like a complete idiot this is a good
thing because it keeps you from having
to do something useful which can be hard
and take up a lot of your social media
time if you don't have enough
intersecting social identities then you
are just some schmuck or a white guy and
you have to work for a living to pay
taxes to support intersectional people
so they have time to scream at you and
blame you for their crappy lives now you
may say well wait in America people
aren't really oppressed very much and
they can improve their Lots by rising
above the dysfunction in their
communities in order to live productive
lives these are called facts and under
the rules of intersectionality people
using facts are fascist and can be
assaulted by intersectional people
wearing balaclavas and carrying sticks
you may say assaulted by people wearing
balaclavas and carrying sticks isn't
that the definition of fascism that is
called logic and under the rules of
intersectionality people using logic are
fascist and can be assaulted by
intersectional people wearing balaclavas
and carrying sticks some people object
to the underlying ideas of
intersectionality these people say that
humor
identity is not just some collection of
personal traits organized into interest
groups as a way of turning Americans
against one another so that leftists can
seize power by pretending they're
alleviating various forms of oppression
they don't actually exist these people
go on to say that each person's identity
is unique and god-given and that what
you make of your identity depends on
your choices and the natural luck of the
draw these people add that in fact if
you were lucky enough to be born in
America you've already been given a head
start and have no business complaining
about anything so take off your idiotic
pink hat and stop shouting stupid things
and go get a job this is called truth
and under the rules of intersectionality
people who speak the truth are fascists
and can be assaulted by intersectional
people wearing balaclavas and carrying
sticks so now you understand
intersectionality is a new and original
way of weaving together facts logic and
truth and beating them to death trigger
warning
I'm Andrew Clavin and this is the Andrew
Clavin show
