American journalists are absolutely
livid that they're reckless and
irresponsible charges that President
Trump colluded with the Russians have
been interrupted by president Trump's
reckless and irresponsible charges that
the Obama administration buzzes phone
according to the media reckless
irresponsible charges are their job and
the president should not interrupt them
while they're trying to destroy him to
keep from being drawn into this vortex
of charge and counter charge we here at
the Andrew Clavin show are determined to
report only on the one administration
scandal that is wholly supported by
proof the case of Kellyanne Conway shoes
photographic evidence shows beyond a
shadow of a doubt that presidential
council Kellyanne Conway knelt on the
sofa in the Oval Office while trying to
take a photograph of President Trump
meeting with the heads of historically
black universities while she knelt her
shoes were pressed into the sofas
cushions now you may say wow a
Republican president making inroads in
the black community why that would leave
the Democrats with no voters except
illegal immigrants than dead people but
according to the news media you're
missing the whole point the shoes
concentrate on the shoes as former
President Bill Clinton remarks quote I
think it's absolutely shameful that a
woman should kneel in the Oval Office
just to take some sort of stupid
photograph unquote congressman keith
Ellison who serves on the Democratic
National Committee as Deputy Chair in
charge of anti-semitic crypto Islamism
told reporters quote this administration
has time and time again engaged in dirty
tricks like honoring a fallen Navy SEAL
hero on national TV while I was not
applauding and thus trying to make me
look like a bitter unpatriotic radical
who wasn't applauding a fallen Navy SEAL
hero and now this Conway hussy has the
unmitigated gall to kneel on the sofa
burying her seductive knees and
displaying her shapely figure with her
flowing blonde hair completely uncovered
she should be flogged and then stoned to
death metaphorically speaking of course
unquote leftist commentator Keith
Olbermann also commented commented on
the incident
breaking from his restraints and
escaping his handlers long enough to
tell reporters quote during my recent
electroshock treatments messages were
injected directly into my brain
revealing that Kellyanne Conway shoes
effects repeated contact with Russian
shoes who are hell-bent on undermining
what was once I dare say the greatest
bastion of free shoes in the entire
Venusian Galactic Confederation unquote
according to journalists the shoe
incident underscores the chaos in the
trump administration largely caused by
journalists running around in an
hysterical panic looking for scandals
that aren't there as one CNN reporter
put it quote no act of good governance
inspiring speech making or wise policy
by Donald Trump can receive news
coverage until every legal and homless
meeting with Russian officials has been
exposed and the bust of Martin Luther
King is returned to the spot in the Oval
Office where it never left unquote and
we here at the Andrew Clavin show say
yes fight bravely on mainstream media
journalists now that Ringling Brothers
Circus is closing you are our last
source of irrelevant clowns trigger
warning i'm andrew Clavin and this is
the Andrew Clavin show
