American journalists are absolutely
livid that they're reckless and
irresponsible charges that President
Trump colluded with the Russians have
been interrupted by president Trump's
reckless and irresponsible charges that
the Obama administration bugged his
phone according to the media reckless
irresponsible charges are their job and
the president should not interrupt them
while they're trying to destroy him to
keep from being drawn into this vortex
of charge and counter-charge we here at
the Andrew Clavin show are determined to
report only on the one administration
scandal that is wholly supported by
proof the case of Kellyanne Conway's
shoes photographic evidence shows beyond
a shadow of a doubt that presidential
council Kellyanne Conway knelt on the
sofa in the Oval Office while trying to
take a photograph of President Trump
meeting with the heads of historically
black universities while she knelt her
shoes were pressed into the sofas
cushions now you may say Wow a
Republican president making inroads in
the black community why that would leave
the Democrats with no voters except
illegal immigrants and dead people but
according to the news media you're
missing the whole point the shoes
concentrate on the shoes as former
President Bill Clinton remarked quote I
think it's absolutely shameful there a
woman should kneel in the Oval Office
just to take some sort of stupid
photograph unquote congressman keith
Ellison who serves on the Democratic
National Committee as deputy chair in
charge of anti-semitic crypto Islamism
told reporters quote this administration
has time and time again engaged in dirty
tricks like honoring a fallen Navy SEAL
hero on national TV while I was not
applauding and thus trying to make me
look like a bitter unpatriotic radical
who wasn't applauding a fallen Navy SEAL
hero and now this Conway hussy has the
unmitigated gall to kneel on the sofa
baring her seductive knees and
displaying her shapely figure with her
flowing blonde hair completely uncovered
she should be flogged and then stoned to
death metaphorically speaking of course
unquote leftist commentator Keith
Olbermann also commented commented on
the incident
breaking from his restraints and
escaping his handlers long enough to
tell reporters quote during my recent
electroshock treatments messages were
injected directly into my brain
revealing that Kellyanne Conway's shoes
have had repeated contact with Russian
shoes who are hell-bent on undermining
what was once I dare say the greatest
bastion of free shoes in the entire
Venusian Galactic Confederation unquote
according to journalists the shoe
incident underscores the chaos in the
Trump administration largely caused by
journalists running around in an
hysterical panic looking for scandals
that aren't there
as one CNN reporter put it quote no act
of good governance inspiring speech
making or wise policy by Donald Trump
can receive news coverage until every
legal and harmless meeting with Russian
officials has been exposed and the bust
of Martin Luther King is returned to the
spot in the Oval Office where it never
left unquote and we here at the Andrew
Clavin show say yes fight bravely on
mainstream media journalists now that
Ringling Brothers Circus is closing you
are our last source of irrelevant clowns
trigger warning I'm Andrew Clavin and
this is the Andrew Clavin show
all right best-selling cultural
correspondent Michael Knowles is here to
speak about his new book reasons I
haven't here reasons to vote for
Democrats it's a startling startling
study very thorough says ben shapiro and
he'll be here after the break to discuss
it but if you are watching on facebook
and youtube you'll have to come over to
the daily wire.com and while you're
there hey subscribe to the site don't
just sit there subscribe to the site and
then you can be in wednesday's mailbag
and everything and also you get week
given is still giving away the arroyo
you get the Arroyo a movie excellent
movie made by what's the guy's name
oh yeah jeremy boring the god-king off i
gotta stop making that joke because he
actually is the god king of the daily
wire and he does hit people with
lightning and stuff like that alright so
democrats say that now that donald trump
is absolutely finished because he
insulted john mccain oh no wait it's
Democrats say the donald trump has
finished because he made rude sexual
comments no wait wait it's Democrats say
Donald Trump is finished because he
tweeted that Barack Obama's bugging his
phone that's the one we're on now right
okay so that's I get confused they are
they all they all run together in my
mind so here's the thing Donald Trump
I'm beginning to realize is has this
absolute mastery of narrative of the
affecting the flow of narrative which is
good and not so good it's good because
we really need a Republican president to
destroy the narrative of the Democrat
mainstream media because the mainstream
media is purely Democrat there are no
Republicans in the mainstream media it
is a Democrat propaganda operation
that's all it is we need someone to
destroy the narrative it's not so good
because while he's doing that who's the
president it's like it's all so strange
I mean Washington is going out of its
mind here's the narrative that's I see
it okay here's the net here is the way I
think things shook out the Democrat Ron
made a fantastic speech last week right
was that Tuesday Tuesday he makes this
fantastic pseudo State of the Union
address joint session of Congress
not only is it a great speech in and of
itself it catches the Democrats looking
like what they are bitter unpatriotic
entitled small-minded nasty people who
can't even get off their butts to
applaud for a Navy SEAL who was killed
in the line of duty who weren't
applauded for American jobs who won't
applaud for American greatness these
guys they just look terrible and they
were so expecting Donald Trump to go off
into his usual kind of dark
you know rambling speech instead he
delivered this real barnburner of a
brilliant speech they were caught
looking terrible alright so what happens
the Democrats and their mainstream media
toadies by which I mean the New York
Times The Washington Post CNN ABC NBC
CBS the toad Eve just Democrats Democrat
operatives with press cards as Glenn
Reynolds says an insta pundit absolutely
accurate description
they leap on Jeff Sessions who said you
know when asked if as a as a surrogate
for the Trump campaign had he discussed
the campaign with the Russians and said
no I never did that I never met with any
Russians when he meant as a surrogate
obviously but of course as a senator he
had met the Russian ambassador in his
office and after a speech in a group of
other people so in his office this makes
Jeff Sessions a spy right with the
Russian ambassador and he's on the
Senate Armed Services Committee that
makes him a spy so now that means oh you
know Jeff Sessions as Attorney General
has to recuse himself from any
investigation into Trump colluding with
the Russians to destroy our electoral
process okay so that that is to take the
narrative away from this speech that
Donald Trump made and it's nonsense I
mean it really is nonsense and and
sessions recuse himself which they think
is like a prelude to over there's blood
in the water right but in fact it just
reminds people that Eric Holder never
recused himself from anything even after
he was found in contempt for covering up
inflammation and fast and furious you
wouldn't turn over the information in
the Fast and Furious scandal he was held
in contempt of Congress and then Loretta
Lynch never recused herself even though
she's caught meeting the subject of an
investigation on a tarmac she's having a
secret meeting with Bill Clinton while
Clinton is under investigation doesn't
recuse herself so it kind of reminds
people like oh yeah this is the way a
public official is supposed to behave
Jeff Sessions excellent public official
I really really like him I really think
he's done a good job I think he's a
great pick for AG he recused himself so
they're stuck kind of like in mid breath
so the press just keeps hammering oh
this Russian story just take a look
here's Kim Strauss I'll write an
excellent reporter for The Wall Street
Journal she's been on the show just a
terrific reporter commenting on this
Russian thing and listen to Chuck Todd
reaction to what she says there's no
evidence I mean this is I mean I just
heard Chuck Schumer suggest exactly what
you did to that we know that this is the
case look there's nothing there
especially this recent discussion about
Jeff Sessions which is the kind of
height of the ludicrousness of this okay
if Jeff Sessions really was a mole
working for the Russian government he
probably would have found a better place
to have met with him than his public
Senate office surrounded by his aides so
the meetings are not necessarily what
matter they don't prove anything the
quest like the one thing I will say this
on these meetings is is there any stuff
why do you think they do have this
pattern of oh yeah I forgot I have this
meeting I mean many people in Washington
have suddenly forgot mr. Schumer nor
instance about Russian bastard exactly
that's the story there's a pattern of
people forgetting Schumer forgot
pellucid Pelosi forgot Claire McCaskill
made fun sheshe was on the Senate Armed
Services Committee too and she said well
I never met with him but the Russian
about she met with him twice you know
maybe the guys just not that memorable
maybe he's not that memorable guy but I
think you know it's it's easy to forget
this stuff it really is you meet with a
hundred people then if somebody asked me
if I had met someone that I just shook
hands with or even sat down for a couple
of you know a couple of conversations
with you know you just you just forget
these guys meet people all the time
let's remember to what Obama did ok
Obama sat down with the then Russian
President Medvedev did a lot of DS and
V's I can't remember his name and said
tell Vlad
after I finished lying to the American
II tailed Leavitt after this this is my
last election and then I'll be more
flexible on the matter of weakening
America's defenses in Europe basis
that's basically what he said you know
tell let Vlad know he did that he helped
the Iranians he's eased the process by
which the Iranian Tsar the Russian
allies are eventually going to acquire
nuclear weapons he's made peace with
Cuba and meanwhile Trump is building up
the meadow and Obama gutted the military
so meanwhile Trump is building up the
military he's fighting with the with the
Russians in the UN his people are
fighting with the Russians in the UN you
know I mean it's just it's it's
ridiculous it's ridiculous
there's no way that Vladimir Putin knew
that Donald Trump was going to win for
the simple reason that no one knew or
thought that Donald Trump was going to
win he was spying on the Democrats as a
way of undermining what he thought would
be the next president of the United
States right I mean that is what he was
doing so the entire story is it's just
just the fact that it's gay you know
look I'm not saying it shouldn't be
investigated the Russian meddling with
the DNC shouldn't be investigated yes it
should but it's not a big story I mean
this idea that it's that it's collusion
that is spine it's a wholly Democrat
made and manufactured scandal and the
press works for them and they they work
for them so finally Trump who let's face
it has the impulse control of a six year
old and that's kind of an insult to
six-year-olds he's finally had it and
Trump's response to this is all the time
is I'm a Russian spy know why he sends
out these tweets so here is tweets okay
terrible just found out that Obama had
my wires tapped in Trump Tower just
before the victory nothing found this is
McCarthyism just out the same Russian
ambassador the Mexicans visited the
Obama White House 22 times and four
times last year alone is it legal for a
sitting president to be wiretapping a
race for president prior to an election
turned down by court earlier a new low
I'd bet a good lawyer would make a great
case out of the fact that President
Obama was tapping my phone's in October
just prior to the election and this one
was the big one how low has President
Obama gone to tap my phones during the
very sacred election process this is
Nixon / Watergate bad or sick guy and
here is my favorite of all of them
Arnold Schwarzenegger isn't voluntarily
leaving The Apprentice he was fired by
his
pathetic ratings not by me sad and to a
great there's absolutely no difference
between accusing the former president of
tapping his phone and dad rotten Arnold
Schwarzenegger he ruined my Prentice
show alright so this is this is how this
comes out right and Obama's spokesperson
spokesman Kevin Lewis puts out this
statement all right a cardinal rule of
the Obama administration was that no
White House official ever interfered
with any independent investigation led
by the Department of Justice as part of
that practice neither President Obama
nor any White House official ever
ordered surveillance on any US citizen
any suggestion otherwise is simply false
now if you listen to that carefully it
is a non-denial denial first of all the
obama administration never had to tell
the people in the Justice Department who
were Chicago Democrat hacks never had to
tell them to do anything the meddlesome
priests rule was in effect they hung
hear what Obama wanted done and they got
it done so he didn't but the queen o
that they did of course he knew of
course he knew if they were tapping the
phone so that's the first thing
also just while we're talking about it
just so we know who we're dealing with
president obama you know also said he
never heard jeremiah wright mate
make anthem anti-american statements
during twenty years of his church he the
terrorist Bill Ayers was just a guy in
the neighborhood rather than a political
ally the use of chemical weapons would
be a red line in Syria I never drew a
red line in Syria there's not a smidgen
of corruption the IRS if you like your
plan you keep your plan when Ghazi was
caused by a video the guy's a liar this
guy lies and he lies at the drop of a
hat
he Trump who is a BS artist of the first
water who exaggerated sever ething and
grabs on to stories without really
examining the truth of them he's Honest
Abe next to Obama you know look look I'm
I wouldn't put any of them on my big you
know great tellers of truth charts but
like you know compared to Obama the
things that Trump does are nothing okay
let's take a look at CNN's headlines on
this story right so we've got a
non-denial denial from Obama we've got
weeks of unsubstantiated Russian
nonsense
okay here's how CNN reports the Obama
story Trump falsely accuses Obama of
wiretapping him was the other Trump
Trump's baseless wiretap claim it's like
there's no there's no cnn's baseless
Russian claims there's no you know CNN
falsely attack just before we we cut
away from Facebook and YouTube I have to
play you know CNN is just completely on
the Obama side it's gonna completely
sell the Obama news Mika Brzezinski on
Morning Joe is crying about it you gotta
play this is unbelievable when you were
out speaking for President Trump I would
urge you not laugh at yourself cuz this
is not funny this is really bad just for
the record we're all really nervous so
if people out there feel nervous we do
too we don't think this is funny
journalists are crying journalists are
quieting Donald to a put the journalist
and crying we've cut away from Facebook
and YouTube I can't make this stuff up
come on over to the deli wire.com and
hear the rest of the show
