recently many of you may have heard
journalists and commentators using the
expression deep state you may have heard
them say the deep state is threatening
our democracy or the deep state is
conspiring against the President or help
help agents of the deep state are coming
to and then a high-pitched scream
followed by a horrific gurgling noise
and an ominous silence you may have
found yourself asking what is the deep
state you may have then found yourself
vanishing off the face of the earth
leaving nothing but a pair of eyeglasses
a gold tooth and a trail of blood well
today I'd like to explain to you the
meaning of the term deep state the deep
state is that group of influential
people in bureaucratic agencies
intelligence services and the military
who tend to remain in positions of power
no matter who gets elected the deep
state is not a conspiracy in the sense
of faceless evildoers gathering in
secret locations to thwart any threat
against their interests most of them do
have faces although they like to hang
back in the shadows making their faces
difficult to see mostly however they
simply go about the business of making
regulations gathering information and
arranging the mysterious deaths of
anyone who opposes them now we all need
government regulations and intelligence
but the deep state can get out of
control during the Obama administration
for instance there were so many new and
restrictive regulations that they
increased our energy and medical costs
hampered small businesses reduced
internet innovation and ultimately cost
taxpayers a stupendous hundred billion
dollars every year here's how it works
let's say Congress constitutionally
passes a clean water law making it
illegal to dump toxic chemicals into
public waterways the Environmental
Protection Agency then issues a
regulation declaring your toilet a
public waterway and forbidding you to go
to the bathroom for the rest of your
life if you sue the EPA because you need
to use the bathroom the courts will cite
the Chevron rule
which says only the EPA can decide if
the EPA is violating the rules of the
EPA if you say wait what that's crazy
then videos of your online sex with a 16
year old girl named starlight who's
really a 47 year old fat man named
Schlomo will inexplicably turn up on HBO
if you cancel your HBO in protest you
could then be fined $100,000 a day until
the fine reaches 14 million dollars or
you disappear without a trace whichever
comes first
leftists and the media but I repeat
myself tend to love the deep state
because it empowers elites like
themselves to outlaw the life choices of
all those annoying We the People types
in the flyover States therefore if a
president comes into office who
threatens to oppose the deep state the
deep state may retaliate by leaking his
secrets to a compliant press who will
then spin them into hysterical
conspiracy theories allowing
intelligence agencies to tangle him in
useless investigations fortunately I can
tell you that that can't happen here I
can't tell you that it can happen here
because then I'd be killed
trigger warning I'm Andrew Clavin and
this is the Andrew Clavin show
