the main thing I want to talk about all
of the when you look at watching in DC
and you see all the incompetence and all
the chaos all of that is primarily
fueled by two things maliciousness and
cowardice and democrats will generally
contribute the maliciousness the malleus
and republicans will contribute the
cowardice and you can really see how all
this works when you look at the
Cavanaugh situation it's all been
illustrated for us let's remember that
this whole and I don't think this can be
emphasized enough
this whole Cavanaugh circus could have
been avoided from the very beginning if
not for GOP cowardice GOP cowardice is
what gothis ball rolling because
President Trump was advised by you know
by his people by Republicans to nominate
Brett Kavanaugh rather than Amy Barrett
Amy Barrett who's the extremely
conservative woman and he was advised
though to go with Kavanagh because
Republicans were concerned that
Barrett's social conservatism might
upset the Democrats but of course the
Democrats have no power so it doesn't
matter if you upset them yet Republicans
still decided to go with the more mild
figure in hopes of avoiding any kind of
nasty altercations with the powerless
opposition party which is the kinds of
decision that they're always making
