okay Daniel writes dear Ben as I'm
learning about ethics I'd like to get
your input on where you stand would you
steal a piece of bread to feed your
family or just do pizza bread to feed
your family why or why not well Daniel I
can really only think of one way to
answer that in its in musical form so
and we're going to have to do that
they're out in the darkness a fugitive
running fallen from God fallen from
grace God be my witness I never shall ye
you till we meet face to face till we
meet face to face he knows his way in
the dark mine is the way of the Lord
those who follow the path of the
righteous shall have their reward and if
they fall as Lucifer fell the flame the
sword God in your multitudes scarce to
be counted filling the darkness with
order and light you are the Sentinels
silent and sure keeping watch in the
night keeping watch in the night you
know your place in the sky you hold your
course and your aim and each season
returns and returns and is always the
same
and if you fall as Lucifer fell you fall
in flames and so it must be and so it is
written on the doorway to paradise
so to falter and those who fall must pay
the price Lord let me find him that I
may see him safe behind bars I will
never read he'll then this I swear this
I swear by the star
oh well I hope that answered your
question and if not while I guess record
so good luck in your ethics class I'm
Ben Shapiro this is the Ben Shapiro show
