Oh how do you say that some people don't
have privilege okay that's excited okay
no gender is not disconnected from sex
okay no it is not in the mind okay
you're not a man if you think you're a
man and I didn't say pretending or if I
did I shouldn't have said pretending let
me amend right okay I said a boy who
thinks he's a girl let's see the usual
phraseology I use not playing I usually
say a boy who thinks he's a girl or grow
the things he's a boy which is
technically what we're talking about
here as far as the actual psychological
issues at play it used to be called
gender dysphoria or gender identity
disorder another college gender
dysphoria the idea that that sex or
gender are malleable is not true okay
and I'm not denying your humanity if you
are a transgender person I am saying
that you are not the sex to which you
claim to be you're still a human being
and you're a human being with an issue
that I'm you know I wish you Godspeed in
dealing with in whatever way you see fit
but if you are going to dictate to me
that I'm supposed to pretend I'm
supposed to pretend that men are women
and women are men no my answer is no I'm
not going to I'm not going to modify
basic biology because it threatens your
subjective sense of what you are
I'm saying that the Boy Scouts have a
standard you must be a biological boy to
be a Boy Scout you have to be a boy to
be a Boy Scout in the name Boy Scouts
because it because it because this is
because this is a very because for all
of human history boy meant boy and girl
meant girl boy did not mean bro and if I
call you a moose are you suddenly a
moose okay if I redefine our terms no
it's a yes that's right men and women
are a completely different thing this is
true have you ever met a man or a woman
they're completely different why is that
I don't understand why okay let me ask
you this how okay I won't ask you how
old I will ask you how old you are okay
because you're young enough that is
probably not insulting to ask you so
know why aren't you 60
why aren't you 60 and what
why can't you identify as 60 why would
what what is the problem with you
identifying is 60 you're right age is
significantly less important than gender
you can't magically change your gender
you can't magically change your sex
you can't magically change your age
can't legally change your age by the way
just because you can do things legally
doesn't mean that they are correct
biologically could do lots of things in
the past that were incorrect
biologically incorrect legally for a
long period of time in the United States
sterilization of the mentally ill took
place that didn't make it okay skin
reverses to Oklahoma justice Oliver
Wendell Holmes wrote the decision
it's not a matter of open-minded and
accepting I want them to get treatment
that they see fit but that's not
involving me the idea behind the
transgender movement as a civil rights
movement is the idea that all of their
problems would just go away if I would
pretend that they were the sex to which
they claim to which they claim
membership that's nonsense
the transgender suicide rate is 40
percent it is 40 percent and according
to the according to the Anderson School
UCLA it makes no difference there's a
study that came out last year it makes
no difference
virtually no difference statistically
speaking as to whether people recognize
you as a transgender person or not which
suggests there's a very high core
morbidity between transgenderism
whatever that mental state may be and
suicidality that has nothing to do with
how society treats no I don't think that
I do not think that the discrepancy I do
not think the discrepancy first of all
I'm against bullying of any sort okay
the idea that somebody would beat
somebody up is terrible okay
as somebody who's viciously bullied in
high school I'm not a fan of bullying
but the idea that the the normal suicide
rate across the United States is 4% the
suicide rate in the transgender
community is 40% the idea that 36% more
transgender people are committing
suicide
because people are mean to them is
ridiculous it's not true and it's not
backed by any science that anyone can
cite it is pure conjecture in fact it's
not even true the bullying causes
suicide according to a lot of studies
for example in the black community where
the idea is supposedly at America is a
racist society blacks are bullied a lot
okay in the black community black men
have significantly lower suicide rates
than in the white community in fact in
third world countries the suicide rate
is significantly lower than in first
world countries suicide actually seems
to be a privilege of the upper classes
if you actually look at it from a
financial perspective so the idea that
suicidality is directly a result of
people like me saying no men are not
women and women are not men it's it's
not true it's also
I think the idea that you're gonna
sacrifice the entire societies proper
definition of sex because you think that
there is a in in legal term somebody
with an eggshell skull meaning that
somebody who has a pre-existing
condition that makes them more
susceptible to criticism that that is
not a way to run a society you can't
sacrifice truth because some people are
going to actually suffer because of the
truth plus there's no evidence
whatsoever that the suicide rate would
go down and the transgender community
any market way if people just started
pretending the men were women in women
Ramon we're trying that experiment now
we'll find out whether it works so far
no evidence I'm more than happy to talk
to a group of any people who will have
me but usually they protest me okay I do
care about the mother being poor I do
care about foster care because I what
Planned Parenthood doesn't prevent
abortions there are hundreds of
thousands of abortions a year they
perform 300,000 abortions a year they're
leading abortions in the United States
that they perform 300,000 abortions a
year from Planned Parenthood that's my
evidence they don't dispute that no one
is beat I'm not anti birth control birth
control is extraordinary and they're not
the only people in America providing
affordable birth control you can go get
a pack of condoms down at the local CVS
or twelve box yes and it's true that
most forms of birth control are also
extraordinarily cheap on an annualized
basis unless we have a severe problem
both most birth control is very cheap
and readily available and I'm not
against people going and getting that
from Planned Parenthood as you may have
noticed I'm mostly against abortion if
you want to go to plan parent care I do
care when you start killing babies this
is a problem for me
oh I mean this is a long conversation
I'm enjoying it actually which is why
I'm allowing you to stay but it didn't
but it's but the question of rape and
incest first of all important to know
rape and incest are not only a vast
minority of abortion cases they're an
extraordinarily low percentage of
abortion cases so if we can first
stipulate that all the other abortions
are bad then we can talk about that
other one can we do that are all the
other abortions bad are those ones okay
and you're just using this as an excuse
to make the other ones okay ah good
someone who's honest so who's the honest
fellow right who's okay yeah I'm his
people good I like the honesty okay so
all abortions are okay so does the so
the so oh a sign that I can't read
because it has lots of words on it okay
so I have one question for you and one
question only on abortion does the
vagina the the vaginal canal magically
confer personhood answer does the vagina
magically confer a personhood yeah
raised hands are okay you sir you know
the first the first breath confers
personhood okay so if the baby is in the
womb and is exactly the same size and
has not yet breathed and you take a
knife and you stabbed the baby in the
head in a fully form nine month old baby
it is not a human the only thing that
makes it a human is when it takes a
breath it has two independently breathe
I mean I'm gonna be honest I'm gonna
stick to a gap because I'm also
pro-capital punishment and pros
selective suicide
selective suicide yeah I assume you know
I sent me an elective suicide I'm not
going to make some that's good because
that wouldn't be suicide that'd be
homicide so so that that by the way I'm
for capital punishment too because
people who kill people should be killed
but babies who have not killed people
should not and this is my basic position
on abortion so let me just so but I'll
get your answer cuz you're the one who
asked the question are you willing to
stipulate that all the other abortions
are bad just rape and incest bother you
so that's an excuse right so it's an
excuse so that we can say that so that
we can we can take the marginal case and
then say the DES marginal case applies
to all cases okay that's that's again
faulty thinking but if you want me to
answer specifically on rape and incest
here is my basic answer rapists should
be castrated or killed you shouldn't
kill babies end of story I agree and
that's usually the left side of the
aisle because the left side wants to let
them out after five years in prison
I want them castrated or killed I'm
telling you what my belief is my belief
is not public policy at the moment but I
think would you agree with me on that
one can we least get a little agreement
to finish this particular parlay okay
you should rape this be castrate or
killed oh okay good yeah okay we agree
Thanks
