president Donald Trump has issued an
executive order containing Jesus's
Sermon on the Mount anti sermon
protesters immediately took to the
streets in major cities around the
country while Democrats in Congress
vowed to oppose the sermon and
journalists and movie actors joined
together in a rollicking anti Trump
music video to the tune of uptown funk
Senate Democrat leader Chuck Schumer
burst into tears as he declared that the
sermon order was a mean-spirited
violation of the separation of church
and state in a statement before
reporters Schumer said quote America is
not some sort of theocracy where the
president can just come into our homes
and force us to bless the pure of heart
are we going to start having heart
purity tests and denying people
blessings if they're impure it's
outrageous true Americans must oppose
this sort of religious oppression that's
why I named my daughter atheist a
secular
disbeliever Rama but the rest of
Schumer's statement was incomprehensible
due to his uncontrollable sobbing New
York Governor Andrew Cuomo told a press
conference that the sermon order was an
insult to all those religious people who
did not believe in love and peace
Governor Cuomo said quote as a New
Yorker I am a Muslim unquote he then
proceeded to blow himself up killing 53
people protesters took to the streets
demanding that the administration
rescind its request for Americans to
love their enemies carrying signs that
read hate Trump's love the demonstrators
told reporters that if Trump was for
love they were against it and anyone who
went around loving people would get a
punch in the face in Hollywood had an
award program giving awards for the best
award program actors and actresses
repeatedly received their awards for
best Awards by making angry political
speeches about how oppressed they felt
by the Sermon on the Mount actor Chad
self who won the award for best
presentation of an award for best award
at an award ceremony told the cheering
crowd quote as actors it is our job to
transform the known universe by
pretending to be police officers and
pointing toy guns at one another while
shouting let the girl go after all if a
childish narcissist who's been divorced
three times can't come out of rehab
until the rest of America how to run the
country who can unquote president Trump
defended the order by reading the text
of the Sermon on the Mount aloud to
reporters saying quote blessed are the
pure pure in heart except for the losers
and haters and also if the pure in heart
given me problems
then I won't bless them so much believe
me blessed are the poor in spirit
although personally I prefer the rich in
spirit because I've built a great spirit
worth billions it's not just me saying
it many people have said I've got the
best spirit they just can't believe what
a great spirit I have also the meek will
inherit the earth though frankly I
wouldn't hold my breath on that one
unquote presidential spokesman Sean
Spicer later admitted there were some
problems with the sermon rollout trigger
warning I'm Andrew Clavin and this is
the Andrew Clavin
we're gonna win so much we're gonna win
at every level we're gonna win
economically we're gonna win with the
economy we're gonna win with military
we're gonna win with healthcare and for
our veterans we're gonna win with every
single facet my oh my what a wonderful
day we're gonna win so much you may even
get tired of winning yeah you'll say
please please it's too much winning we
can't take it anymore
I feel pretty oh so pretty I feel pretty
and witty and yet we have to keep
winning we have to
we don't even have to do the show today
we're just gonna go right into the Trump
montage we may play just play the Trump
montage for 30 years 30 minutes to news
all right it smelled like a trump had a
great day yesterday hit a home run in
court nomination even I heard that even
Shapiro was wearing his make America
great again hat and we have we're gonna
talk about all that and it's also a
mailbag day from Washington DC will
answer all your questions answers are
guaranteed 100 percent correct and will
change the answers will change your life
possibly for the better first we have to
talk about blue apron why do I even have
to do these ads for blue apron when
they're giving you the food for free
it's like that should be the entire ad
free food I mean who would who would say
now I don't want free food all you got
to do is go on blue apron calm slash
Andrew you will get the first three
meals for free this is the number one
fresh ingredient and recipe delivery
service in the country they bring the
ingredients directly to your door and
you cook them up and it makes a
restaurant level meal I've been I've
already signed on for the first three
I've eaten the first three and signed on
for the next three I'm telling you these
are this is they call it great home
cooking but it's really great restaurant
cooking in your home because you know I
mean my wife is a terrific country cook
but you know she's not gonna make
roasted pork with apple walnut and farro
salad cashew chicken stir-fry with Tango
mandarins and jasmine rice crispy
barramundi I don't even know what crispy
barramundi is sounds great but they look
food on noodle soup with me you know
this is stuff you would get in a
restaurant but instead it comes to your
house you get the fun of cooking it all
the ingredients you get just you don't
have to measure it out you get just the
number of greedy --nt so you need and
the instructions put it together and you
get a meal for around ten bucks so
you're getting a restaurant level meal
for around ten bucks in your home
the variety changes all the time they're
flexible you can pick your own menus and
each company comes with a step-by-step
thing and it's free it's free food I
mean what else is there yeah I mean
really blue apron dot-com slash Andrew
blue apron calm slash Andrew you get
your first three meals free with free
shipping you will love how good it feels
and taste to create incredible
home-cooked meals with blue apron so do
not wait that's blue apron dot-com slash
and
it's a better way to cook all right
what a day an excellent Trump annex and
a classic Trump day because did this
whole you know a Celebrity Apprentice
thing where he brought his last two
Supreme Court picks to Washington he had
Thomas Hartman Hartman apparently never
really made it to Washington he heard
the news before he came but he was
invited and he kind of stretched out the
suspense and then finally he got
together he got that came out he invited
Democrats to show up but they didn't
show up so all basically was a partisan
crowd and announced that he had picked
Neal Gorsuch who of course makes those
famous winter coats no maybe that's
another Neal Ghost maybe that's another
corset but he denounced Neal Gorsuch and
here is here's Trump but making the
announcement on his promises couple
three I think months ago as a candidate
I publicly presented a list of brilliant
and accomplished people to the American
electorate and pledged to make my choice
from among that list millions of voters
said this was the single most important
issue to them when they voted for me for
president I am a man of my word I will
do as I say something that the American
people have been asking for from
Washington for a very very long time now
it's really it was really a great thing
Gorsuch is what they call an originalist
they throw these words around a
textualist but really what it means is
he believes that the Constitution meant
what people he thinks that laws meant
what people believed them to mean when
they passed them what was the common
understanding of the law if they find
some buried piece of document from James
Madison saying no I saw it differently
that doesn't matter it's what laws did
the people think they were getting at
the time and he's in the mold of Antonin
Scalia and that he's not like a strict
originalist because you know times do
change so for instance if there's a rule
against cruel and unusual punishment the
punishments that they had in the 18th
century were pretty tough you could get
branded you could get whipped you could
have your ears cut and stuff like this
and even Scalia would say well not that
we're not bad originalist you know we
understand the times change Clarence
Thomas not so much
like you don't like the
eighteenth-century law change it but
this guy and Scalia are people who
believe in basically the Constitution he
believes in the Constitution and that is
what the Democrats don't like and that's
why it's gonna be a big fight he's been
really good on religious liberty he
supported the decision the Hobby Lobby
decision that you know that I love the
way they sell these things I love the
way the left sells these things on TV
they said this allows corporations to
deny women health care totally untrue
just a complete distortion of what
happened Hobby Lobby was a small company
about twenty one thousand employees
owned you know what they call a closely
owned company was basically owned by a
family evangelical Christians they ran
the company according to their belief
systems just like this company The Daily
wire is run according to some of the
beliefs of our owners so it was they had
the right to exercise their religion
religious beliefs as the Constitution
guarantees and what they believed was
that certain forms of birth control paid
for by Obamacare insurance were a kind
of abortion and so they didn't want to
support that and the court supported
them and Gorsuch supported the court in
that very good on that he's really good
on judicial overreach and you know that
the court shouldn't make the law and he
objects to this rule which I've now
learned to call the Chevron rule I
didn't know what if that was called but
that's the rule that bureaucracies can
decide for themselves what their own
rules mean they could interpret their
own rules which essentially gives all
these powers not just to unelected
bureaucrats but to the president because
the president is appointing the
bureaucrats so he can kind of
reinterpret the law out of existence
which is pretty much what Obama was
doing so here is Gorsuch you know is
paying tribute the first thing he did
was paid tribute to Scalia his
predecessor the towering judges that
have served in this particular seat of
the Supreme Court including n and Scalia
and Robert Jackson are much in my mind
at this moment Justice Scalia was a lion
of the law agree or disagree with him
all of his colleagues on the bench
cherish his wisdom and his humor and
like them I miss him now you know this
is part of this idea see there are two
bad arguments that go on that you hear
on TV one is the argument from the right
the argument from the right is this is
the Scalia seat and therefore
we get to a point a guy who was like
Scalia that's ridiculous it's the seat
belongs to the people the seat belongs
to anybody who can fill it you know we
are we are thrilled that he has got a
guy that Scalia apparently liked and
Scalia apparently endorsed before his
death I'm delighted about that but it's
not the Scalia seat you know but it is
great that he's in that tradition here
he is exceeding his judicial philosophy
which is so important because if these
two guys don't describe their Judas
judicial philosophy in OUTFRONT you can
wind up with a guy like Souter who was
appointed think reagan appointee I'm
thinking I'm sorry Bush appointed him
thinking he was a you know conservative
turns out to be a flaming liberal but
this guy definitely has a original and
originalist philosophy hero Stadium
practicing and the trial work trenches
of the law I saw to that when we judges
Don our robes it doesn't make us any
smarter but it does serve as a reminder
of what's expected us impartiality and
independence collegiality and courage as
this process now moves to the Senate
I look forward was speaking with members
from both sides of the aisle to
answering their questions and to hearing
their concerns
I consider the United States Senate the
greatest deliberative body in the world
and I respect the important role the
Constitution affords in the confirmation
of our judges I respect to the fact that
in our legal order it is for Congress
and not the courts to write new laws it
is the role of judges to apply not alter
the work of the people's representatives
a judge who likes every outcome he
reaches is very likely a bad judge
stretching for results he prefers rather
than those the law demands so it looks I
love by the way Trump Trump when he
makes this announcement he turns the
audience's says was that a surprise
are you surprised like it's a TV show
you know and now he gets up and Trump
tries to sell this to the Democrats
because of course the democrat democrats
are out protesting before the
announcement is made there i standing
there were protests on the steps of the
Supreme Court with guys with signs that
had we opposed blank and then they
filled in the name after the
announcement was made so here
Trump making a bid for bipartisan
support good luck tom I always felt that
after the defense of our nation the most
important decision a president of the
United States can make is the
appointment of a Supreme Court justice
depending on their age a Justice can be
active for 50 years and his or her
decisions can last a century or more and
can often be permanent
I took the task of this nomination very
seriously I have selected an individual
whose qualities define really and I mean
closely define what we're looking for
Judge Gorsuch has outstanding legal
skills a brilliant mind tremendous
discipline and has earned bipartisan
support when he was nominated to the
10th Circuit Court of Appeals he was
confirmed by the Senate unanimously also
that's unanimous can you believe that
nowadays with what's going on
does that happen anymore does it happen
I think it's gonna happen maybe again
okay he thinks it's gonna happen maybe
again not so fast not so fast he was
confirmed to the Tenth Circuit Court of
Appeals in 2006 unanimously by a voice
vote people thought you know the guy's
an eminently qualified Harvard Oxford
the whole deal
but suddenly Chuck Schumer comes out and
this is Chuck Schumer statement at which
to which Donald Trump made the following
response but politics is a tough game I
tell you definitely the real response
comes Jeff Merkley senator Jeff Merkley
who has already stated that he thinks
there should be a filibuster against the
judge and here he is on Rachel Maddow
Show explaining why he feels this way
was we must not forget this this is not
a normal consideration this is a seat
that was stolen from the former
President Obama that's never been done
in US history before to let this become
normal just invites a complete partisan
polarization of the court From Here to
Eternity at what point does a majority
say in the future we will not let
someone make a nomination two years into
their four years or three years into
four years or their entire four years so
I made it clear that I was going to
insist on a 60 vote standard and that I
would vote against closing debate so
existing on 60 votes is the way you
start what we refer to as a filibuster
and then the question is there going to
be enough votes to shut it down and of
course my hope is that there won't be
okay that's the stolen seat argument
from the right I explained by the left
Scalia's seat is bad and I'll explain
why that's a bad argument too but first
have to say goodbye to the folks on
Facebook and YouTube but come on over to
the Daily wire.com and you can hear the
mailbag all your questions answered and
the answer is guaranteed 100% correct
and you can be in the mailbag if you
subscribe for a
eight bucks a month come on over
