so David Harbour is one of the actors
from stranger things he's the guy who
plays the sheriff and stranger things so
there are a few things about this
there's one thing I do love and there's
and then there's the speech itself so
the thing I love is watch Winona Ryder's
face during this speech because it is so
unbelievably amusing it's really
spectacular and then there's what he
actually has to say and what he has to
say is really obnoxious oh it's so heavy
we'd like to thank Netflix Sean Matt
Ross and the amazing casting director
Carmen Cuba and I would just like to say
that in light of all that's going on in
the world today it's difficult to
celebrate the already celebrated
stranger things but this award from you
who take your craft seriously and
earnestly believe like me that great
acting can change the world is a call to
arms from our fellow crafts men and
women to go deeper and through our art
to battle against fear self-centeredness
and exclusivity of our predominantly
narcissistic culture and through our
craft to cultivate a more empathetic and
understanding society by revealing
intimate truths
- folks
when they feel broken and afraid and
tired they are not alone we are united
in that we are all human beings and we
are all together on this horrible
painful joyous exciting and mysterious
ride that is being alive now as we act
in the continuing narrative of stranger
things we 1983 Midwestern will repel
bullies we will shelter freaks and
outcasts those who have no home we will
hunt monsters and when we are law
submits the hypocrisy and the casual
violence of certain individuals and
institutions we will as per Chief Jim
hopper punch some people in the face and
all the acts like yeah where's my page
security right the last time these
hackers punch somebody in the face was
never okay so a few things about this
that are really incredible first of all
the arrogance of the actors just
generally is astonishing we change the
world with our acting no nobody watched
stranger things they went refugee policy
now I understand the fact is you'd never
see the sort of arrogance from the
people who actually make the world go
right at the plumbers convention no one
gets up winning the plumber of the Year
award and they go plumbers can change
how people feel about the world no
plumbers are here to fix your plumbing
actors are here
sorry break it to you gang actors are
here to amuse us actors are here to
entertain us
maybe they help change our feelings
about certain issues but those issues
are few and far between most of the time
we put on entertainment at night because
it's entertaining not because we're
looking to have our worldview change but
this idea is we believe that our craft
changes the world no actually it's the
writers who are doing that you're just
the actors and when and when people act
badly like Chuck Schumer broken tears
over this whole thing people just mock
him so that's number one number two
that's an amazing line the one that
they're cheering away says we will punch
some people in the face okay so I'm old
enough to remember when Donald Trump was
saying that he would pay the legal bills
of people who punch people in the face
at his rallies you remember this and the
entire left lost their mind and I said
this is not good
it's not good when Obama says we'll
bring a knife to a gunfight it's
good when Donald Trump says he'll pay
the legal bills of people who assault
people at his rallies and it's not good
when actors say we're gonna punch people
in the face because we disagree and the
entire Hollywood crowd starts cheering
can you imagine what the reaction would
have been if Clint Eastwood in 2012 at
the RNC had said Obamacare is an awful
policy and you know we're gonna do we're
gonna say make my day
they love to decide what is he
threatening to shoot people right is he
threatening violence
how dare Clint Eastwood but this guy
gets up there and he starts shouting
he's never heard of this guy before
stranger things this guy gets up there
and he starts shouting about we're gonna
punch people in the face and then they
wonder why the American discourse is
dying
they're wondering why it is that the
social fabric is falling apart listen
you can disagree with the executive
order you can think that it's badly
written I think parts of it are badly
written too you can think it was
horribly rolled out you can think
whatever you want about it it doesn't
give you the right to act with violence
against other people in a civilized
society that is the definition of
civilization but he's being cheered by
people on the left for this sort of
thing he's being cheered and that's an
amazing statement about where we are in
American politics that this is
considered heroism to get up there
wearing a black tie and wearing a
wearing a tux and a place where nobody's
getting punched because they've got high
level security and cops around in the
entire place talking about punching your
political opponents this is not good for
the country it's really bad for the
country and everybody cheering and
saying this is brave it's not brave in
the slightest and it's not good in the
slightest you can oppose everything and
still this is and still say that
violence in pursuit of your political
ends is the beginning of fascism
