cNN has released a new poll saying
everything they hate is hated everything
they love is loved and everything they
say is true the latest CNN poll shows
that 97% of all Americans hate Donald
Trump because he yells at CNN and CNN is
a great organization that always tells
the truth according to polls by CNN this
97% of people who hate Trump and love
CNN is exactly the same 97% as the 97%
of scientists who say man-made global
warming is a big problem making it
essential that everyone watched CNN
before the oceans rise and sweep us all
away for not watching CNN in other
findings the CNN poll found that 112
percent of all good people believe that
Donald Trump is a stupid ugly person
with funny hair whereas wolf Blitzer's
beard is very neatly trimmed and
attractive also 68% of bad people like
Trump more than CNN though 87% of good
people say the bad people are bad and
shouldn't have been asked their stupid
opinion in the first place
because CNN is great according to CNN's
polls the CNN poll also found that some
vast really convincing number of
informed and insightful television
watchers think Jim Acosta is a wonderful
person and CNN reporters should yell at
Donald Trump even more because 93
percent believe Trump is bad according
to a CNN poll of CNN journalists taken
at CNN by CNN pollsters working for CNN
meanwhile a poll taken by the New York
Times a former newspaper has found that
trust an American journalist is very
high sometimes soaring to over 2 or 3
percent among homeless people who
believe they are receiving messages
through their tooth fillings from the
planet Zargon the poll also showed that
people are very angry at fake news which
the New York Times defines as news that
is untrue that is reported by someone
other than the New York Times news that
is untrue but is reported by the New
York Times becomes true by being
reported there as 87 percent of all
people who work at the New York Times
believe according to the New York Times
poll finally a Wall Street Journal
Paul has found that 88% of all white men
wearing pinstripe suits and ties believe
that the Trump administration should
pursue policies that benefit white men
wearing pinstripe suits and ties 90% of
all millionaire businessmen polled are
fearful that Trump's stringent policies
against illegal immigration will hurt
the nation by making it very hard for
them to find people to water the lawns
of their estates for slave wages the
same 90% are also deeply concerned that
their wives will be unable to find
minority women to do their housework for
them and will call their husbands to
complain thus interrupting 75 percent of
business men having sex with 99 percent
of women who are not their wives all
media polls now operate within a margin
of error of 50 percent trigger warning
I'm Andrew Klavan and this is the Andrew
Clavin show
not just to ray Roberts Zippity dude I
think drop drunk drain keeps rolling on
man I'm I'm getting ready to get on that
Trump train like I'm almost are you
tired of winning I'm getting a little
tired there's so much winning please mr.
president we're getting so first of all
well done Jay on the illustrated our
second Illustrated opening and Cynthia
Ann glued in Angulo it hit the the
drawings excellent stuff so this is just
I don't know this is insane I mean the
guy the one thing you have to say is
like now he says he's gonna build a wall
who heard that who saw that coming right
now I mean thought listening to Trump
during the campaign that he was gonna
fill the wall on the border I'm shocked
I'm shocked who knew that he was gonna
do that so this this is really
interesting stuff because well let's
let's let's follow it let's follow the
thought along let's let's start Trump
signed some executive orders about
immigration yesterday and these were
this was the big news Trump on
immigration so here is a gimme cut to on
part of these orders here's a brief
summary of what actions are contained in
my executive orders the Secretary of
Homeland Security working with myself
and my staff will begin immediate
construction of a border wall
so badly needed you folks know how badly
needed it is as a help but very badly
needed this will also help Mexico by
deterring illegal immigration from
Central America and by disrupting
violent cartel networks as I've said
repeatedly to the country we are going
to get the bad ones out the criminals
and the drug deals and gangs and gang
members and cartel leaders the day is
over when they can stay in our country
and wreak havoc we are going to get them
out and we're going to get them out fast
and John Kelly is going to leave that
way okay he's talking now at Homeland
Security and they're loving it homeless
yeah I mean that's what they're here for
they're here to protect people they want
to be able to give them the tools to
protect people they're tired of being
told not to do it and listen there are
all kinds of knits to pick about this
obviously he can't sign an executive
order funding the wall which is gonna
cost billions of dollars
he's gonna need Congress to pay to fund
the wall and then he says he's couldn't
get Mexico to pay for it Mexico the
Mexican president has now as we go on
air has canceled his trip to meet with
Trump and I believe Mexican troops are
massing on the border planning an
invasion is that I mean cuz like really
who cares or not but you know he say and
the and the peso is tumbling and all
this stuff so he's caused a bit of
trouble but but listen all the nits and
and and the fact that a lot of illegal
immigrants who come in now come in
through visas they don't come across the
border but but even if it's it's not
just symbolic but even if it were just
symbolic is an important symbol because
this has been disgraceful you can say
that the laws of the land should be
anything you want them to be their laws
against em against controlling
immigration you know you can say they
should be a stringent or as lacks as you
want them to be but the fact is the fact
is the previous administration and the
left are against American borders per se
they are against America being defined
and being our country because they're
globalist because they think that
globalism doesn't just mean that
everybody is
created equal and means those countries
that are powerful and wealthy because of
their because of their policies and
their ideas have to give that wealth to
spread that wealth to the rest of the
world by opening their borders and
letting anybody in it's absurd a country
is defined by its borders look at a map
how do you know where France is you know
because of the border lines that's how
you know all right so Trump goes on he
is more this is cut three he has more
quarters executive orders of these
signing our order also does the
following ends the policy of
catch-and-release
at the border requires other countries
to take back their criminals they will
take them back cracks down on sanctuary
cities empowers ice officers to target
and remove those who pose a threat to
public safety calls for the hiring of
another five thousand Border Patrol
officers calls for the tripling the
number of ice officers
and you both do an incredible job but
you need help you need more creates an
office of homeland security dedicated to
supporting the victims of a legal
immigrant crime okay now this is
important he's now he's going on to talk
about the victims of illegal immigrant
crime and this is important because what
he's doing is he's reversing the
narrative okay and we talk a lot about
the narrative the narrative is really
important is how this story is being
played and Trump one of his big
strengths is that he understands the
narrative in ways that Republicans don't
Republicans are always dealing with the
facts Republicans are defined by a drone
standing up you know I mean a human
drone standing up in the Senate with a
chart pointing to the facts and the
figures because he thinks that's the
story that maybe that those may be the
facts but that's not the story Trump is
very good at telling the story now let's
let's see how this plays out because de
Blasio along with mayor de Blasio of New
York a socialist along with other mayors
of so-called sanctuary cities cities
where they don't necessarily when they
arrest you and they find out you're an
illegal immigrant they don't call ice
they don't send you back
de Blasio explains why this policy is
good for New York this is and why he's
going to defy Donald Trump so this is
number seven this is about human beings
families that came here I believe people
should follow the law I don't think
people should violate our borders but
let's face it this has been for hundreds
of years a challenge for this country
right
you've got people here now and what are
we going to do with 11 or 12 million
people are admits if someone's truly a
violent criminal absolutely they should
be deported if they're a law-abiding
person or they've done the very minor
things that even people we know might
have done we can't see them deported in
families torn apart correct me if I'm
wrong it sounds like New York City gets
eight point eight billion dollars in
federal funds and that there are
something like a hundred and fifty six
million dollars at stake here if
President Trump decides to pull federal
funds funds from New York City what
would that do to you in New York well
here's the amazing thing about the
executive order first of all we think
it's very susceptible to legal challenge
there's some real contradictions in the
base you can't pull that money
again if they make an attempt to pull
that money it would be from the NYPD it
would be from security funding for the
NYPD to fight terrorism and to protect
foreign leaders who come to New York
City to go the UN if an attempt is made
to do that we will go to court
immediately for an injunction to stop it
okay so he's gonna fight you know Trump
is saying that if they they won't stop
being sanctuary cities he's gonna
withhold federal funds so he's saying
we're gonna go to court the Democrats
are once again fighting the federal
government just as they did during
segregation days when the federal
government said you got to desegregate
your schools they stood in the
schoolhouse door said no way you know
the government ultimately the feds have
to send send troops this is a good fight
for conservatives by the way either way
either way and I'll tell you why because
on the one hand you got Donald Trump
fighting for the rule of law and for
borders which we need so that's good on
the other hand he's forced Democrats
into the position of fighting for local
control he's there now fighting for
states rights and individual
municipality rights which we also
support so we win either way you know it
doesn't really matter this fight goes
we've got them doing our job for us so
it's really a good political fight okay
and now now remember so he de Blasio is
putting this in terms of tearing
families apart in your tent and this has
been the way they have kept anything
from getting done not remember the issue
the issue is not what you believe on
immigration that's part of the issue but
the issue is the fact that nothing has
been done this problem is really bugging
people and bugging people especially in
these areas where there's crime and
they're losing their authority over
their own land
and nothing gets done nothing gets done
so now something is happening okay
whether you disagree or not it's a
disgrace that nothing gets done and
that's you know as a friend of mine says
that's not because Washington is broken
that's because Washington works but it
works for Washington if you have two
groups that are making money you know
raising funds for and against
immigration neither of them wants that
issue to be resolved because that's
where their money is coming from and
that's how Washington works that's how
Washington gets into this kind of
stalemate
okay so Trump now now remember there are
things that Trump didn't do he didn't
rescind Obama's executive action about
what they call dreamers I hate that
phrase but his kids who have been
brought over illegally but they had no
choice now they're here they're
law-abiding they're in school they're
allowed to reapply for a visa every two
years I think it is
and and Obama you know let that continue
and Trump hasn't done anything about
that because he loses control of the
narrative if there are mass deportations
if their children pulled out of mother's
arms and people are weeping at the
border then he loses control of the
narrative but what he's doing is he's
turning the narrative onto the victims
of crime who can't get any justice so
that is a trump number for still talking
before homeland pundits talk about how
enforcing immigration laws can separate
illegal immigrant families but the
families they don't talk about are the
families of Americans forever separated
from the people they love they don't
talk about that ever as your president I
have no higher duty than to protect the
lives of the American people
first these families lost their loved
ones then they endured a system that
ignored them while at the same time
constantly rewarding those who broke the
law for these families it's been one
injustice after another but that all
turns around beginning today I mean this
is great Trumpy and stuff this is what
what Ben would called a good Trump
because he is just taking control of
this narrative and saying you know first
it's not about these people who come
over and you know I I know I have
sympathy for them and they keep calling
them immigrants and we all have sympathy
for immigrants because we all come from
immigrants no matter who we are so we
all have sympathy for immigrants but
remember our ancestors came over on
these ships into places where they were
then inspected they had to have papers
they had to have health checks they had
that these guys are sneaking in it's
they're breaking the law and it's not
that I'm not sympathetic to a lot of my
know a lot of them are just doing what's
best for their family but but Trump is
making the point that when you have no
borders anybody can come in and they
don't have to be Mexicans you know they
have to do they you know can beat some
guy named Achmed strapped with dynamite
who says yes I'm in Mexican Here I am
I'm here - yes of course I'm here - but
I by Allah I am here for the Mexicans
you know so so now he's forced guys like
de Blasio to make their case in another
way and we're gonna deal with that in
just a second because it's really
important but I have to say goodbye to
our friends on Facebook and YouTube come
to the daily wire.com you missed your
chance if you didn't subscribe to the
daily wire.com for a lousy eight bucks
you missed your chance to be in that I
know they could have been in the mail
bag your life could be so much better
now than it is and I mean look at your
life it could be so much better
lousy a bus daily wired.com come on come
come on over and hear the rest
