speaking with ABC News on Wednesday
night President Trump said that he would
like to resume the use of waterboarding
stating that it works and that we have
to fight fire with fire
but he acknowledged that he would follow
the lead of CIA director Mike Pompeo and
defense secretary James Madison both of
whom opposed the use of waterboarding
Trump said if they don't want to do
that's fine if they do want to do then
that will work toward that end I want to
do everything within the bounds of what
you're legally allowed to do but do I
feel it works absolutely I feel it works
Pompeyo has already stated that he would
absolutely not comply with an order to
waterboard
the media predictably have gone insane
how could Trump say the torture works
well first of all it's actually unclear
whether waterboarding is torture some
people find it to be self-evidently
torture but as Senator Ted Cruz said
during the primaries under the law
torture is excruciating pain that is
equivalent to losing organs and systems
this is enhanced interrogation it is
vigorous interrogation that does not
meet the generally recognized definition
of torture I've actually watched my
friends even Crowder and get
waterboarded it looks highly unpleasant
and Stevens an idiot and that's for
doing it but he emerged not only
unscathed but he actually joked during
the experience waterboarding is used
regularly to train Navy SEALs then
there's the second question is Trump
right does waterboarding work James
Mitchell a former chief CIA interrogator
wrote in The Wall Street Journal last
year quote it is understandable the
general mattis would say he never found
waterboarding useful because no one in
the military has been authorized to
waterboard a detainee thousands of US
military personnel have been
waterboarded as part of their training
though the services eventually abandoned
the practice after finding it too
effective in getting even most hardened
warrior to reveal critical information
Mitchell claims that the Khalid Sheikh
Mohammed the man behind the 9/11 attacks
a crucial source of American information
about al-qaeda only broke because of
waterboarding KSM was waterboarded 783
times crowded by the way was
waterboarded several times just during
the session that I watched by way of
contrast Jose Rodriguez who once headed
to CIA national clandestine service has
claimed that terrorist mastermind Abu
Zubaydah also gave up key intelligence
after being waterboarded in the medians
are in the media's ardent desire to
paint Donald Trump as a nutty dictator
in Waiting they've actually made Trump
more popular again Trump isn't saying
anything that Americans don't believe a
poll from last March showed that almost
two-thirds of Americans thought
waterboarding was appropriate for you
some suspected
only 15% of Americans thought
waterboarding should be ruled out
entirely Trump has his finger on the
pulse of Americans when it comes to
rhetoric about fighting terrorism
the media's overstated outrage only
makes it clear why Americans trust Trump
to fight terrorism rather than the
members of the press I'm Ben Shapiro
this is the Ben Shapiro show all righty
so we can jump right in today and we
begin with Donald Trump's immigration
executive order so Trump has jumped in
with alacrity he clearly wants to
fulfill this promise now I actually
thought that he would fulfill some of
his promises on immigration I still I'm
not sure that the deportations are going
to look like what he said they were
going to look like during the campaign
but the executive order that he signed
yesterday makes it look like he is
actually going to be just as harsh on
illegal immigration as he promised to be
during the campaign so I want to go
through this executive order and talk
about what exactly was in it yesterday
so first of all it said that we're going
to build the wall when Trump himself
came out and he said this he's speaking
at the Department of Homeland Security
and he suggested that we're building the
wall it's definitely going to happen
when does construction begin as soon as
we can as soon as we can physically do
it we're with a month I would say in
Mont yeah I would say I'm certainly
planning is starting immediately and so
he says that we're going to pay for that
with Mexican money he said that's more
vague how we're going to actually do
that honestly I always thought that was
a silly part of his promise I don't care
how we pay for a barrier between the
United States and Mexico it seems to me
a perfectly eminently rational thing to
have some sort of touch fence some sort
of barrier that prevents people from
simply walking over the border without
any sort of detection mechanism in place
at all Israel has a very effective
border there's no reason why exactly the
United States should not want to have
one at the southern border either also
with Mexico has some physical borders at
its southern border because it doesn't
like illegal immigration again I don't
see why the United States should be the
only country in the world that's not
allowed to have one of these things I've
said that all along
Trump was speaking at the DHS and his
rhetoric about enforcement with regard
to illegal immigration I think is just
first-rate here he is because people are
surprised to hear that we do not need
new laws
we will work within the existing system
and framework and he said also that he's
going to ask the members of DHS to
enforce the laws that are fullest
extended clip 1 I'm asking all of you to
enforce the laws of the United States of
America they will be enforced and
enforced strongly we are going to
restore the rule of law in the United
States a nation without borders is not a
nation beginning today the United States
of America gets back control of its
borders gets back its borders you guys
are about to be very very busy doing
your job the way you want to do them ok
and this is the kind of rhetoric that I
think is actually useful with regard to
border enforcement so you know good for
Trump on all of this now there are a
couple of questions about the executive
orders themselves first question is why
he's using the executive orders and not
just passing a law with Congress there
is going to have to be some sort of
congressional appropriation to build the
wall it's gonna cost something like 15
billion dollars to build the wall the
left of course is up in arms about all
of this they're saying that they're very
upset about the spending which is
ridiculous and celeste has never been
upset about spending on anything ever in
fact I'm old enough to remember when the
left liked infrastructure spending and
this is an infrastructure spending bill
it just be an infrastructure spending
bill to build a physical barrier with
the with with Mexico now the physical
barrier by the way is not just designed
to keep out quote-unquote Mexicans
because the fact is that right now we're
neutral in terms of the number of
Mexicans coming in and leaving in the
United States via illegal immigration
we've actually had a net decline in the
number of Mexican illegal immigrants
over the past few years but what Mexico
really right now is a giant thoroughfare
for people who are coming from South
America and Central America in order to
get to the United States it's not really
about Mexicans crossing the border even
though Trump seems to get that wrong
pretty routinely it's more about people
who are coming from places like El
Salvador and Honduras and various
countries in South America and who are
using Mexico as basically a giant road
to get to the north Paul Ryan says Trump
says that he's going
spend it the term city's going to do
this well we'll give them the money to
do it we can pay for it
well first off we're going to pay for it
in front the money out but I do think
that there are various ways of as you
know I know your fellow question is is
Mexico going to pay for the wall there
are a lot of different ways of getting
Mexico to contribute to doing this now
I'm going to get to how Mexico
contributes to doing this and why this
is still a silly talking point it always
was a silly talking point I get to that
in a second first I want to go through
the actual content of the executive
order by the way the ACLU just
demonstrates how crazy they are they say
the wall violate civil liberties they
tweeted out the executive order
president Trump just signed funding wall
along our southern border violates civil
liberties hashtag no band no wall no it
doesn't violate civil liberties
that's plainly silly okay then why
exactly would it violate civil liberties
to build a wall on an internationally
recognized borders same thing it
violates civil liberties to build a
fence around your house whose civil
liberties the person who wants to break
into my house now that's not the way
this works now as far as the executive
order itself this would be a perfectly
legal executive order because it exists
within the confines of laws that have
already been passed by Congress in 2006
Congress said they wanted to build a
border fence when they didn't fully fund
it so Trump is not doing anything that
is outside the confines of legislation
that is now using the legislation in
order to push the policy that's what an
executive order is supposed to do the
reason that I opposed Barack Obama's
executive orders is because many of them
just rewrote the law plainly right he
just went in and rewrote Obamacare for
example or he won and he rewrote
immigration law with regard to daca and
DAPA that's not what Trump is doing here
Trump is saying and he said it as you
saw at DHS he said that at Homeland
Security he said clearly this is the
existing law were acting within the
existing law and that's exactly right so
what exactly is in this executive order
so in this executive order he talked
about broadening enforcement priorities
as well so he used to be that Barack
Obama only wanted to police crimes that
were committed other than crossing the
border illegally
section 5c of this executive order now
grants the Secretary of Homeland
Security power to prioritize for removal
those who have committed acts that
constitute a chargeable criminal offense
you don't have to be convicted it's just
if you cross the border illegally and we
have reason to believe you cross the
border illegally you've committed acts
that constitute
and a chargeable offense you cross the
border illegally we can now enforce the
law against you this also takes priority
to to false use of a social security
number or taking public benefits
illegally the the order also grants the
Secretary of Homeland Security the
ability to hire 10,000 additional law
enforcement officers that number really
should be 20,000 I believe the 20,000
was a number in that horrifying gang of
eight bill even so that number needs to
be increased the executive order allows
states to help police immigration so you
remember the Obama administration sued
the state of Arizona because the state
of Arizona had the temerity to try and
enforce immigration law and Barack Obama
then tried to sue them for that Trump is
saying now that he wants states to be
allowed to do that they should be
allowed to help perform the functions of
immigration officers in relation to
investigation apprehensions attention of
aliens in the United States so he's not
banning States from actually helping
enforce federal law this also kills
funding to sanctuary cities that's a
little bit of a complicated question
because the question is what strings you
can attach to funding to particular
cities or states it's actually a complex
constitutional question can you just
withdraw funding from every program in
San Francisco because you don't like
what they're doing with illegal
immigrants probably not you actually
have to find the funding that is
connected to immigration enforcement in
San Francisco and then cut off that
funding there has to be some sort of
rational relation between the grants the
federal government is giving to a city
or a state and the and the acts that the
city or state is doing constitutionally
just in terms of Supreme Court
jurisprudence but Trump is attempting to
do this the executive order also creates
a public shaming capacity for the feds
so every week they're going to make a
public list of criminal actions
committed by illegal aliens and any
jurisdiction that ignored or failed to
otherwise on or federal law v this is
going to restore the Secure Communities
program so originally the Obama
administration had a program that
allowed the feds to check immigration
databases to see local offenders who are
here illegally then they walk that back
they didn't want the feds to be able to
check the local criminal databases for
purposes of deporting people who are
arrested locally Trump is returning to
the original system which is a great
thing also he's saying that he wants to
make foreign negotiations contingent on
accepting repatriated legal immigrants
so if Poland has an illegal immigrant
and they don't want to accept that
illegal immigrant back Trump saying I'm
not going to negotiate with Poland I'm
going to tell
Secretary of State not to hold
negotiations with countries that don't
accept back the illegal immigrants that
are coming over here and finally he
wants to make data more transparent so
right now one of the big problems of the
illegal immigration ban Coulter points
this out in her book about illegal
immigration which is actually a very
interesting book there's a lot it's not
in God it's not in Trump Li trust which
is not a particularly interesting book
it's her book about the book I have
interviewed around on c-span we did it
actually her book about illegal
immigration which is really interesting
she points out that the data on illegal
immigration and crime among illegal
immigrants is really incredibly weak and
this would make that data more
transparent now the Secretary of
Homeland Security and Attorney General
can collect data on immigration status
of all aliens incarcerated in federal
prisons as well as federal pretrial
detainees and all convicted aliens in
state and local prisons so all of this
stuff is good it's a very good executive
order there's a lot here that's good
there are rumors today that Trump was
going to sign some sort of order
repealing Jaca and DAP by getting rid of
President Obama's executive amnesty this
is I'm not sure that you actually have
to do that but he hasn't done that yet
again I want to see what this looks like
in practice is he going to go back to
enforcing law or is this all cover for
basically not doing particularly a lot
that's not that's not clear yet that'll
only become clear in the enforcement but
the executive order itself is really
first-rate there's a lot here that is
really really good okay so putting that
aside now Donald Trump did an interview
on ABC News that's getting all sorts of
play as well and Donald Trump's
interview with ABC News there were some
good and there was some bad so you know
now is a perfect time we can play the
good trump bad Trump let's do it this
one will be good
okay so we begin with some good trim so
Trump had a lot of good things to say
during this particular interview with
ABC News so he started off by talking
about the media bias and when Trump hits
the media and it's justifiable I love it
it's my favorite thing in the world I've
been saying for literally years that
Republicans ought to smack the media
when the media does something wrong I
don't like it when they smack the media
on the media actually telling the truth
and we'll get to that in a second but I
like when they smack the media for doing
things that are wrong so the media for
years has ignored the March for Life in
Washington DC the March for Life
routinely means hundreds of thousands of
people marching in the streets of
Washington DC in the middle of dead
winter in order to march in favor of
legislation that would restrict
abortions and the killing of the unborn
and the media every year ignores it
always goes on page a 12 of the New York
Times Donald Trump is talking with David
mirror and he rightly this is gray he
smacks David Muir for not covering the
March for Life we know there were more
than a million people who turned out and
you are their president now to the true
could you hear them from well I couldn't
hear that but the crowds were large but
you then have a large crowd on Friday
too which is mostly pro-life people we
then have a lot of people coming
Accrediting and I will say this and I
didn't realize this but I was told you
will have a very large crowd of people
I don't know as large or larger some
people said couldn't be larger pro-life
people and they say the press doesn't
cover them I don't want to compare
crowds I know I you should let me just
say what they do say is that the press
doesn't cover them and that's a hundred
percent true he's totally right to smack
David mirror on this the fact that the
press covers as women to march up the
wazoo that happened one time the marshal
light happened every single year in
every single year the media ignores it
good for Donald Trump that is Donald
Trump at his finest Donald Trump also
talked about torture we talked about
this at the very beginning here's Donald
Trump had to say about torture are you
with all the neeeews are you at all
concerned it's going to cause more I
will tell you I have spoken to others in
intelligence and they are big believers
in as an example waterboarding you do to
help they say it does work utilize what
mr. president
mr. president you told me during one of
the debates that you would bring back
waterboarding and a hell of a lot worse
hirevue or I would do I want to keep our
country safe I want to keep our country
safe I'm going with general mattis
I'm going with my secretary because I
think Pompeo is going to be phenomenal
I'm going to go with what they say but I
have spoken as recently as 24 hours ago
with people at the highest level of
intelligence and I asked them the
question does it work does torture work
and the answer was yes absolutely
we're not playing on an even field I
will say this I will rely on Pompeo and
mattis and my group and if they don't
want to do that's fun if they do want to
do then I will work that end I want to
do everything within the bounds of what
you're allowed to do legally but do I
feel it works absolutely I feel it works
so you'd be okay well I want to keep
note I want to know I will rely on
general matters and I'm going to rely on
those two people and others and if they
don't want to do it 100% okay with me do
I think it works absolutely okay so I
have no problem with anything the Trump
just said there in fact as we spoke
about a little bit earlier on the
program the fact is that there are a lot
of people in the intelligence community
who disagree with Madison Madison have a
lot of experience with waterboarding
since she was at Department of Defense
he was not at CIA so good for good for
Donald Trump here I don't think there's
any problem with anything that Donald
Trump just said with regard to this okay
now we get to some bad Trump
unfortunately unfortunately I wish that
every day were good Trump nothing but
good Trump and I will say that I think
75% of the stuff he's done is good I
think 25% of the stuff he's done is bad
I think 80% of the stuff he says is
silly and I think 20% is good so if you
just pay attention to what he does is
what he does he's doing a lot of really
good stuff you pay attention to what he
says
meaning then okay so he so on Twitter
he's decided that you know he can't just
say we're building the wall and I'm
keeping my promise
instead he feels the necessity to smack
around Mexico a little bit more so he
tweets the US has a 60 billion dollar
trade deficit with Mexico it has been a
one-sided deal from the beginning of
NAFTA would
massive numbers of jobs and companies
lost if Mexico is unwilling to pay for
the badly needed wall then it would be
better to cancel the upcoming meeting so
in other words he's now connecting NAFTA
which he hates with the with the wall
and he's saying that if you're not going
to pay for the wall then I'm going to
cave in them and destroy NAFTA also I
hate NAFTA anyway NAFTA is terrible so a
few things to talk about here one who
cares whether Mexico quote unquote pays
for the wall who really like really why
is that a big deal
whether Mexican I understand there's
this vindictive need to make Mexico pay
for the wall in all of this but it's not
that much money it really isn't and I
just want this thing built and Trump is
getting himself into ancillary issues
that don't matter because of all this we
have to make Mexico pay for the wall so
Mexico naturally they came they came
forward they said fine we'll cancel the
upcoming meeting we don't have to have a
meeting you want to cancel NAFTA you go
right ahead and do it but we don't have
to have that meeting when he talks about
the trade deficits and all this a couple
quick points of information one trade
deficits don't matter trade deficits do
not matter you have a trade deficit with
every store you buy from does that mean
you shouldn't buy from those stores does
it make you poor because you're buying
from a place that you want to buy from
of course not we all have personal trade
deficits with a bevy of players out
there does that mean that we are
suddenly poor no it doesn't mean that it
means that you're engaged in voluntary
trade the supposed trade deficit with
Mexico just means that we're buying lots
of product from Mexico and then a lot of
the money that we're investing in Mexico
is coming back to us in the form of
capital surplus it's called capital
account surplus you can't spend American
dollars in Mexico and so they're going
to have to use those out those dollars
someplace the big problem that we have
regard to trade deficits is not the
trade deficit itself it's that the
government keeps raising debt and
raising debt by selling bonds so what
happens is that we end up selling bonds
so what happens is that there's a trade
deficit with Mexico now they have a
surplus of dollars instead of taking
that surplus of dollars and investing in
American businesses which is normally
what happens instead of doing that
they're taking those dollars and they're
buying US debt so that's the big problem
there is the government as always the
problem is the government as far as the
idea that NASA has made us poorer that's
absolute nonsense the fact is that NASA
has made a significantly richer because
all of the jobs that fled to Mexico all
of those and more would have fled to
China the
there's this regional North American
trade bloc in which people invest is
because you can make a car partially in
Mexico ship that same car up to Jackson
up to Jackson Mississippi and then you
can take that and then you can take that
car and sell it at a warehouse in
California all right the point is that
we have a physically contiguous
territory with Mexico we don't with
China so if you're going to if you're a
car manufacturer you would prefer to be
able to find cheap labor on the
continent it cuts down on shipping costs
it allows you to actually put factories
that are slightly more expensive in the
United States if they had to produce all
this stuff in China instead of building
another Factory in the United States and
shipping it between Mexico and the
United States instead of doing that they
would build the stuff in China ship it
to Korea and then maybe ship it out to
the United States you actually create
jobs because of all of this even in the
manufacturing sector that wouldn't
otherwise exist
it's actually really short-sighted
economically to look at to look at NAFTA
this way there hasn't been this giant
sucking sound taking jobs that would
have stayed in America except for NASA
those jobs were leaving anyway because
they were very expensive jobs message
they're just going to Mexico because
Mexico is nearest to the United States
plus if Donald Trump actually wants to
cut down on illegal immigration the
worst way to cut down on illegal
immigration it turns out is to destroy
the economy of our southern neighbor if
you want an unstable Mexico like even
more unstable than it is now if you want
Mexico completely unstable with a crappy
economy anything that's going to have no
impact on the number of people rushing
to get through the border you're out of
your mind
it'll take years to build this thing by
the way so it's not like tomorrow the
border is secure it's going to take a
while if you destroy the economy of
Mexico at the same time you're hurting
the economy of the United States that's
really really dumb so this is a bad
Trump it's very silly and again there's
no reason for doing this other than
Trump has these misperceptions that
become policy and this is one of the
problems for Trump sometimes he comes up
with good policy based on bad ideas
based on bad rationale and we'll talk
about that more in a second plus we have
the mailbag coming up in order to see
the rest you're going to have to go over
to Daley wire comm and check us out over
there eight bucks a month we'll get you
a subscription to daily wire comm if you
want an annual subscription then go over
to daily wire come you still get a free
signed copy of my book you become part
of the mailbag so we do the live mailbag
in just a few minutes here so you can go
over to daily wire or subscribe right
now
continue watching the episode within
minutes you could be asking your
question to me and making your life
significantly better in every
conceivable way so go to daily wire.com
right now and subscribe or you can
listen later at itunes and soundcloud
make sure you subscribe at itunes you
can leave a review at itunes as well we
always appreciate that you are listening
to the number one conservative podcast
in the United States
you
