the American news media is calling out
the Trump administration for telling
lies saying dammit
that's our job the feud began when the
news media savaged the White House for
saying the media lied when it was lying
and the White House responded by lying
about the lies the media was lying about
while the administration lied the media
then lied by saying that the
administration was lying when it said
the media was lying and the
administration struck back by lying
about the media which was lying
anger erupted within hours of the new
president taking office when a reporter
for Time magazine lied that the Trump
administration had removed a bust of
Martin Luther King jr. from The Oval
Office the reporter later apologized
saying the bust was still in the Oval
Office but he hadn't seen it there
because he wanted black people to get
angry and hate the new president an
innocent mistake presidential spokesman
Sean Spicer responded by lambasting the
press saying President Trump would never
remove the MLK bus from the Oval Office
the Trump had the utmost respect for the
bust and have even marched with the bust
in Selma in 1965 when they were set upon
by dogs and other Democrats Kellyanne
Conway later went on Sean Sean Hannity
show to clarify that while Trump had not
actually marched with Martin Luther King
jr. he was himself a black man who had
worked his way up from slavery to become
a white billionaire though he tried to
retain a connection to his original race
which accounts for his orange color
there was further acrimony between the
media and the administration when
several news outlets disagreed with
Trump about how many people had attended
his inaugural address the White House
says that more than a million and a half
people crowded into the National Mall to
hear the speech the media says there
were only 15 people and seven of them
were Secret Service agents while the
rest were homeless people who just
happened to wander by the media
confirmed its accounts by releasing
photographs of homeless people while the
administration struck back by releasing
photographs of Wolf Blitzer in his
underwear photo shop next door hooker
with a rubber ducky and a whip blitz are
then retaliated saying that from now on
CNN would drop any pretense of
objectivity and dedicate every minute of
its airtime to attacking the new
administration and making up stories
about how awful it is Blitzer later
conceded that this was already CNN's
policy
the war of live versus lie promises to
continue throughout the week with the
news media threatening a barrage of
false stories to the effect that men can
become women that unborn babies aren't
people and manmade global warming is
threatening to destroy the world the
Trump administration threatened to
retaliate by announcing they are the
most beloved administration since
records of beloved meant began being
kept in the early hours of last night
both sides retracted their threats
admitting they were all a bunch of lies
trigger warning I'm Andrew Klavan and
this is the Andrew Clavin show
hooray oorah here we are broadcasting
from Phoenix Arizona and tomorrow is the
mailbag day I will be back in California
tomorrow so send in if you are a
subscriber and you pay your lousy eight
bucks a month of the daily wire you can
send in your questions and I will answer
them tomorrow in the mailbag segment
answers are guaranteed 98.7% correct and
even a higher percentage of that that
they will change your life possibly for
the better okay so I can I'm here in
Phoenix to talk to a group of Jewish
Christians Jews would become Christians
they they're gonna interview me about my
book the great good thing which is about
my own conversion to Christianity and
memoir about my own conversion to
Christianity and I walk into this lovely
hotel in Phoenix and there seems to be a
convention of Hasidic rabbi here it's
like walked it and the entire lobby was
just covered with devout Jews so I I
texted my wife and asked her she thought
I should break the good news to them but
she told me not to just go to my room
but anyway there is lots of news going
on in the world you know yesterday we
were talking about the Trump
administration I felt they kind of got
off they had a little bit of a rocky
start I think they were a little bit
thrown by suddenly finding themselves
the most powerful people in the country
and Kellyanne Conway made that slip
about you know whatever it was
alternative facts and all this stuff but
now things are really changing here we
were talking about the kind of
difference between the flesh of what the
Trump administration does what it
actually does in policy and the spirit
of what they do you know when they if
they tell lies if Trump goes off on any
of his rants and all that stuff and how
much we have to support one to be in
favor of the other because Trump had a
he had a good day as far as I was
concerned he's in instituted a federal
hiring freeze which that's great I mean
it if they would just add to the federal
hiring freeze a federal firing spree I
would think that would be perfect but
it's really good except for the military
they're not gonna hire more federal
people with some limitations the Mexico
City policy that bans NGOs
non-government organizations that are
kind of charity organizations that the
government supports they have this
Mexico City policy that prevents them
from getting federal funds if they
promote abortion that sounds good and it
is good but it's something that goes
with every administration the Democrats
put it back in place
the Democrats take it off the
Republicans put it back in place
whenever they come in it's kind of a
ping-pong ball and my favorite was if
you think which didn't directly to do
with Trump was that the Centers for
Disease Control is scrapping their
annual climate change conference because
they were concerned that the Trump
administration would squash the
conference anyway that one I don't know
he's wrong to have feelings of sexual
pleasure at that news I'm not sure I
thought really thrilled about it and
then there is the oh the Pacific trade
partnership Trump squashed that and
that's causing the you know the folks at
the Wall Street Journal all the business
folks to go crazy because now you have
this crazy spectacle of the President of
communist China Z Jinping making
speeches in support of free trade and
the President of the United States
killing what is supposed to be this big
free trade agreement with all these
Asian partners but that is actually not
fair to Trump Trump is saying something
he is saying that we're not being
treated fairly that we let goods in for
free but China has all these
restrictions on foreign on foreign
imports and things like that so we're
not getting a fair deal with them and he
wants to negotiate those deals country
by country and these kind of deals that
deal with all these countries at once he
feels that we get screwed so we'll see
we'll see if he has something better in
mind a lot of people have raised a lot
of objections to this trade deal because
it carves out all these special things
for special countries and he just feels
we're not getting you know he had this
meeting Trump had this really
interesting meeting with business
leaders where he sat down he could sort
of see that these were his homies you
know that he's talking to all these guys
who run businesses and telling him he
was telling him that things are gonna
get better that if you want to start a
business in America it is going to be
easier to do because he's gonna dial
back the regulations in a big way so
that was the carrot and I will talk
about the stick let's first hear what
Trump said and you have to go through
the process but it's gonna be expedited
and
we're gonna take care of the environment
we're going to take care of safety and
all of the other things we have to take
care of but you're gonna get such great
service
there will be no country that's going to
be faster better more fair and at the
same time protecting the people of the
country whether it's safety or so many
other reasons your regulations are good
we think we can cut regulations by 75%
maybe more but by 75% have in a certain
way better protections but when you want
to expand your plant
well when Mark wants to come in and
build a big massive plant or when Dell
wants to come in and do something
monstrous and special you're gonna have
your approvals really fast I love I love
them he's talking to them you know he
knows who these guys are this is you
know now he followed this up with the
stick saying if you leave the country
and go to another place and manufacture
there we're gonna tax you your goods
coming in to the country and that's the
stick and that is something that a lot
of people are against I've always
noticed that protectionism doesn't work
but if what he's talking about is
equaling the protection on one side as
it is on the other then I don't know
that's a little bit of a different story
and we'll see how it works as I say he's
a practical guy I'm not really that
worried about policies that if they
don't work he will change them he's not
like Obama that's that so that is the
the flesh as we say what he's doing the
spirit was on the other side with Sean
Spicer Sean Spicer got off to a rocky
start when he went in and yelled at the
press about the number of people at the
inaugural it was it was difficult to see
whether he was telling the truth but he
gave the press this excuse to say oh you
were wrong and we were right which is
with the press that there was absolutely
no reason for it so now he takes the
stage for his first real press
conference and they were pretty the
press the media themselves were pretty
impressed because he stayed there and
answered their questions they were upset
at first because he didn't go with
protocol because he answered he asked
questions of conservative outlets first
the New York Post and I think the
Christian Broadcasting Network I think
was the other one usually you start with
The Associated Press as far as I'm
concerned he can do that all day long
that is just great he should do much
more of that but
then it was this exchange with Jonathan
Karl from ABC who challenged Spicer this
way the nature of your job yeah is it
your intention to always tell the truth
from that podium and will you pledge
never to knowingly say something that is
not factorable it is it's an honor to do
this and yes I believe that we have to
be honest with the American people I
think sometimes we can disagree with the
facts there are certain things that we
may miss we may not fully understand
when we come out but our intentions
never to lie to you Jonathan our job is
to make sure that sometimes and if
you're in the same boat I mean there are
times when you guys tweet something out
or write a story and you publish a
correction that doesn't mean that you
were intentionally trying to deceive
readers and the American people does it
and I think we should be afforded the
same opportunity there are times when we
believe something to be true or we get
something from an agency or we act in
haste because the information available
wasn't complete but her desire to
communicate with the American people and
make sure the most complete story at the
time and so we do it so this is kind of
nonsense Karl asked him to pledge never
to lie
you know when Jimmy Carter took office
he pledged he said I will never lie to
you and I believed he was speaking to
the press or the people and the press
just went to town on him they beat the
crap out of him because of course
presidents lied everybody you know
everybody in politics has to lie at
times and his Sean Spicer is gonna tell
lies so that was kind of like it was
kind of a bogus question they were just
trying to get him on this you know on
there bring him down to their level
but Spicer then delivered when they
started in because this whole thing
they're arguing about this meaningless
thing about how many people were at
Trump's inaugural as opposed to Obama's
inaugural which is doubly meaningless
because you know first of all bama's a
popular guy but second of all Washington
is it is a blue city Washington is
filled with Obama supporters it was an
historic moment and all this stuff but
Spicer now gets to the to the point the
media is trying to keep control of the
narrative their basic proposal as I said
in my opening is it's their job to lie
and the president is not allowed to lie
back and Spicer really delivers he
really gives them a speech that should
have been made a long time ago by
another
Republican president let's hear that
speech there is this constant theme to
undercut the enormous support that he
has and I think it's just unbelievably
frustrating when you're continually told
it's not big enough it's not good enough
you can't win because I think it's
important he's gone out there and defied
the odds over and over and over again
and he keeps getting told what he can't
do by this narrative that's out there
and he exceeds it every single time and
I think there's an overall frustration
when you open when you turn on the
television over and over again and get
told that there's this narrative that
you didn't win you weren't gonna run you
can't pick up this state that's not you
know that that's a fool's errand to go
to Pennsylvania why is he in Michigan
how silly
they'll never vote for a Republican
doesn't win that state since 88 and then
he goes and he does it and then what's
the next narrative well it must have
been because of this he didn't win that
and then oh people aren't attending your
thing or John Lewis is is the first
person to skip his inauguration not true
and over and over again the MLK bust I
think over and over again there's this
constant attempt to undermine his
credibility and the movement that he
represents and it's frustrating for not
just him but I think so many of us that
are trying to work to get this message
out and it's in and so I mentioned this
to Jonathan but part of this is a
two-way street like we we want it we
want to have a healthy dialogue not just
with you but with the American people
because he's fighting for jobs he's
fighting to make this country safer but
when you're constantly getting told that
can't be true we doubt that you can do
this this won't happen and that's the
narrative when you turn on television
every single day it's a little
frustrating that is great I've been
waiting for a Republican to say that to
the press forever and they kind of say
it in this whiny little way they go on
TV and say it but this if this
administration holds the press to
account they're gonna change things
because look what's happening on the
other side all right we're talking about
the narrative I know I hammer this home
but it's so important the narrative
creates this tide this current that
sweeps people's thoughts away this is as
I've said before this is why George
Washington couldn't it took him a long
time to understand the true evil of
slavery as much as he was in favor of
Liberty
the intellectual current of his time
swept him away even as great a man as
Washington a same thing with abortion
people today there was an article in the
Atlantic saying how evil ultrasound was
because women didn't want to have an
abortion after they saw their baby
because they don't want the the left
does not want reality to the place of
the narrative or for there to be a
narrative involving reality so let's go
back to see what's happening on the
other side and why it's such a crisis
because this woman's March that the
press is saying was such a wonderful
thing and you know in the press is base
calling at the beginning of a movement
and is it's the end it is the end that
was one of the great PR disasters for
the left of all time because it showed
you that their narrative is gone we're
gonna get to that in a minute I got to
say goodbye to the folks on Facebook and
YouTube but come on over the Daily wire
calm and subscribe it's a lousy eight
bucks a month subscribe and you can be
on the mailbag
