Neil deGrasse Tyson tweeted something
out this morning that was particularly
insipid and insane he tweeted out quote
in 1927 Charles Lindbergh flew from New
York to Paris 45 years later in 1972 we
last walked on the moon 45 years later
in 2017 we we we meaning like we haven't
done anything in 45 years now when I
said before that you shouldn't take
people's comments at face value just
because of who they are
this definitely applies to neil degrasse
tyson so the guy's an astrophysicist I'm
sure he's very smart
he doesn't demonstrate on Twitter very
often but he says a lot of stupid things
and people take these stupid things
seriously because he says them Neil
deGrasse Tyson and he also I think this
tweet is sort of indicative of the fact
that most Americans it's really funny if
you ask most Americans when would you
prefer to have lived a lot of Americans
will give you different times a lot of
Republicans will say well you know in
1962 right in 1963 that's when I would
prefer to have lived a lot of Democrats
will say I would have what 1916 I know
things were so exciting 1969 the right
answer folks and there is an objective
right answer is now right they really
like things have never been better in
the United States than they are now like
that we have our problems for sure we do
we have some very serious problems here
in the United States but just in terms
of material well-being in terms of
comfort in terms of the the life that
you lead there's no better place to live
than the United States in 2017 not on
planet Earth not ever I know you were
not used to optimism here on ben shapiro
show i know that's not our stock in
frayed usually what are the doom and
gloom sayers because realistically
speaking there's a lot that goes on in
the world it's bad and when you're
talking politics politics is about the
things that are wrong but over the last
45 years things have gotten pretty
freakin spectacular and Yale deGrasse
Tyson doesn't know it he's talking about
so here just a few of the developments
over the last 45 years that demonstrate
the neil degrasse tyson is totally full
of it after after this tweet write this
in 1927 Lindbergh flew from New York to
Paris 45 years later we last walked on
the moon 45 years later we haven't done
anything yeah horse crap okay 45 years
later we actually have a fully manned
space station like there are always
people living in space always we have
probes on Mars we sends a spacecraft to
an asteroid it landed on an asteroid
that's pretty amazing thing we also have
this giant
magical system that allows you to gather
information literally with a click it
used to be I'm old enough to remember
before the internet when you actually
when you'd a book report you had to go
to the library and you had to go through
the Dewey Decimal System I needed to
take a bunch of books out and then you
had to scan through the books and look
for the information that you wanted and
it took forever it took forever it was
really time-consuming and the
information that you could gather was
limited by the number of books in the
library today in today on planet earth
there are more books published in a year
on planet earth thanks to the internet
then have been published in the entire
span of human history up to this year
seriously that's how many books get
published every year that's how much
information is added to the system which
is why we all have longer happier lives
because with more information in the
system that means the better health
information there is better there's
better information on how to live a
happier life even if we don't take
advantage of it as we should the
Internet is an unbelievable system
imagine in 1972 people saying ok you're
never gonna have to go to the library
again you're never gonna have to call
information you're literally going to be
able to sit down at a machine type in
any question that's not a meaning of
life question and you're going to get an
informational answer that's a well
substantiated informational answer ok in
2013 they did a paper University of
Michigan they found a web search takes
on average 7 minutes it's the
corresponding offline search would take
22 minutes ok that's if you were sitting
in the library that doesn't count the
time to go back and forth to the library
or if the library doesn't have the
answer and that's if you're really slow
with Google by the way 7 minutes to get
an answer on Google is really slow ok it
takes me about 30 seconds I'm really
good at Google ok if you so so that's an
amazing development and by the way in a
development that doesn't actually count
in the GDP one of the things that one of
the reasons why people think the GDP has
stagnated that American growth has
stagnated the middle income median
incomes have stagnated is because if you
are able to search things more quickly
on the internet that doesn't show up in
your income statistics if you're able to
do things faster and enjoy more leisure
time that doesn't show up in your income
statistics it's an unmeasurable that's
why GDP is actually not a very good
measure of your ability to to live a
happier life actually income isn't even
a very good measure of your ability to
live a happier life consumption is a
better measure of your ability to live a
happier life considering there's a huge
swath of the population in the United
States that consumes more than it
produces
okay another thing that's just amazing
you have a machine in your pocket right
now that is allowing you to listen to
this show or watch a movie or call
almost literally every person on the
planet and I really mean that even in
poor countries even in devastatingly
poor countries the vast vast vast vast
vast majority of people have cell phones
even in poor countries penetration rates
of cell phone subscriptions are
unbelievable
nine in ten right there's a there's nine
subscriptions per ten inhabitants nine
cell phone really this is this is true
that you talk about global poverty being
alleviated there are nine cell phone
subscriptions for every ten inhabitants
in poor countries as of 2014 more people
around the world have cell phones right
now than have had landlines in the
entire history of the planet as of 2014
there were nearly 7 billion cell phone
subscriptions on planet Earth doesn't
mean everybody has a cell phone some
people have to but it does mean that the
vast majority of people do have a cell
phone the global extreme poverty rate
has been sliced in half according to the
World Bank the number of people living
in extreme global poverty fell under 10
percent for the first time in 2015 so
less than 1 in 10 people around the
world are living in what they call its
stream global poverty that's a reduction
of 75% in extreme global poverty in the
last 25 years in America by the way
we've completely solved extreme poverty
essentially whenever you say that people
in America are poor whenever you hear
people say things like people are dying
on the streets in America it's just not
true here's the actual statistic from
Pew Research more than half of Americans
56 percent are high-income by the global
standard another 32% are middle are
upper-middle income by global standards
9 in 10 Americans in other words have a
standard of living above that of the
global middle-income standard so poor
people in America live better than
middle income people other places only
7% of people in the United States were
middle income 3% were low-income 2% were
actually poor only 2% of Americans are
poor by global standards which is
virtually nobody right life expectancy
has increased dramatically over the last
45 years in 1970 to 72 life expectancy
in the United States was 71 years old
today it's nearly 80 that's almost a
decade of increase in the last 45 years
in life expectancy infant mortality in
the early 70s was at about 20 deaths per
thousand live
which is crazy high right I mean that
means that two out of every hundred live
births the kid would die today infant
mortality is it six per 1000 live births
we've sliced it by two-thirds and that's
still too high we can get it down
further crime has dropped dramatically
as I mentioned from 1970 in 1990 you're
actually more likely to be victimized by
a violent crime than to be injured in a
car accident today burglary has
plummeted by 80 percent robbery by 80
percent homicide by 80 percent from 1990
to 2009 pollution has plummeted for all
the people on the Left who are deeply
worried about the environment pollution
has plummeted by 36 percent sorry but
the American population grew 36 percent
between 1970 and 2000 energy consumption
increased 45% air pollutants decreased
30 percent twenty nine percent that
includes a 98 percent drop in led
emissions that's just the tip of the
iceberg you're living in the greatest
country on the face of the planet and
the best time to live in the history of
humanity and yet Neil deGrasse Tyson
doesn't understand what progress looks
like because the reality is that we are
stuck in this system human beings are
just stuck in the system where we were
always looking and all of the things we
think are bad in the universe when the
reality is that things are pretty good
