on Sunday senator Bernie Sanders took to
Twitter to deliver one of his usual
messages people go to the doctor because
they're sick get a diagnosis from their
doctor but they can't afford the
treatment he wrote how crazy is that so
I responded snarkily I go to a fancy
store to check out a piece of furniture
and I can't afford it totally crazy
this of course prompted spasms of
apoplexy on the left how could I dare to
compare medical care to furniture was
iock waiting the - was i suggesting that
the necessity of furniture was somehow
comparable to the necessity of medical
care of course not because that would be
stupid
I was pointing out that medical care is
a commodity and that in life we are
often faced with commodities we cannot
afford but this mere observation caused
a ruckus on the left necessities don't
compare to luxuries said one angry
tweeter blessed characters like Ben
Shapiro for demonstrating the complete
soullessness of capitalist ideology
tweeted another the idea here seems to
be that unless you declare medical care
a right rather than a commodity your
soul is that as Marx might put it
necessity rather than autonomy creates
rights this is foolish both morally and
practically morally you have no right to
demand medical care of me I may
recognize your necessity I may offer
charity my friends and I may choose to
band together in fund your medical care
but your necessity does not change the
basic math medical care is a service and
a good provided by a third party no
matter how much I need bread I do not
have a right to steal your wallet or
hold up the local bakery to obtain it
theft may end up being the least immoral
choice under the circumstances that
doesn't make it a moral choice or
suggests that I have not violated your
rights in pursuing my own needs but the
left thinks that declaring necessities
rights somehow overcomes the individual
rights of others if you're sick you now
have the right to demand that my wife
who is a doctor care for you is there
any limit to this right do you have the
right to demand that the medical system
provide life-saving care forever to the
tunes of millions of dollars of other
people's taxpayer dollars or services
how exactly can there be such a right
without the government ration and care
we're using compulsion to force
individuals to provide it or
confiscating mass sums of wealth to pay
for it the answer nope them work that
way
rights that's arrived from individual
need inevitably violate individual
autonomy in response to my tweet my
colleague New York Magazine is Jesse
single wrote quote free markets are good
at some things and terrible at others
and it's silly to view them as ends
rather than means that's not true free
markets are expressions of individual
autonomy and therefore they are ends to
be pursued in and of themselves now
practically declaring medical care right
doesn't make it actually happen Justice
Ruth Bader Ginsburg said at one point
she would model new constitutions on the
South African Constitution which
guarantees quote everyone has the right
to have access to health care services
including reproductive health care the
state must take reasonable legislative
and other measures within its available
resources to achieve the progressive
realization of each of these rights
that's what the South African
Constitution says but the World Health
Organization ranks South Africa
somewhere near the bottom of the globe
in terms of medical care what happened
why didn't the right self actualize
because medical care is a commodity and
if you treat it differently
that's stupid to make a commodity
cheaper and better you need two things
profit incentive and freedom of labour
the government destroys both of these
things in the healthcare industry it
decides medical reimbursement rates for
millions of Americans particularly poor
Americans this in turn creates an
incentive for doctors not to take
government-sponsored health insurance it
regulates how doctors treat with
patients the sorts of training doctors
must undergo the sorts of insurance they
must maintain all of this convinces
fewer Americans to become doctors under
supply of doctors generally and of
doctors who will accept your insurance
specifically along with over demand
stimulated by government driven health
insurance coverage that leads to mass
shortages the result in over alliance
and emergency care costs for which are
distributed among government hospitals
and insurance payers so what's the
solution for poor people well not to
declare medical care all right certainly
not to dismiss reliance on the market as
some sort of perverse cruelty markets
are the solution and medical care just
as they are in virtually every other
area if you treat medical care as a
commodity that means temporary shortages
and it means some people won't get
everything we wish they would have but
that's also true but worse with
government-sponsored medical care as the
most honest advocates will admit when
whereas government-sponsored medical
care requires a top-down approach that
violates individual liberties generates
over to man and quashes supply markets
prized individual liberties they reduced
demand you don't demand more of what you
have to pay for and they heighten supply
through profit incentive so back to the
furniture now let's say your life
depends in on this choice today you
either have to obtain an affordable
chair or Ana flora relax
right which would you choose to obtain
well if you're not stupid you choose the
chair that's because there are lots of
types of chairs produced by scores of
different companies widely distributed
you could buy a $15.00 folding chair or
$1000 antique without the slightest
difficulty by contrast to obtain an
x-ray you'd have to work with your
insurance company wait for an
appointment and then haggle over price
why because the medical market is way
more regulated thanks to the widespread
perception that healthcare is a right
than the chair market does that sound
soulless true soullessness is depriving
people of the choices they require
because you're more interested in
patting yourself on the back by
inventing rights than by incentivizing
the creation of goods and services in
health care we could use a lot less
virtuous signaling and a lot less
government or we could just read Bernie
Sanders's tweets while we wait in line
for a government-sponsored surgery dying
presumably in a decrepit chair i'm ben
shapiro this is the ben shapiro show all
righty so there's a lot to get to today
for some reason there are certain songs
playing in my head like raindrops keep
falling on my head and shower the people
you love with love but we will get to
all of that the media have lost their
minds by the way they've completely lost
minds Trump in a press conference today
and basically I can give you the short
version of what that press conference
looked like here's this short version
right there yeah that's that was Trump
versus Dominica and and then we have
actually a quick live shot of CNN
headquarters right now yeah there's
there's that
so we'll get to all of that in just a
second first we have to thank our
sponsor helix sleep helix sleep they
make fantastic fantastic mattresses so I
as I've said before on the program I am
a very light sleeper so I require a very
comfortable bed and helix sleep makes
that happen for me
you'll go on to their website which is
at helix sleep comm and you fill out a
questionnaire and ask kind of your body
type how you prefer to sleep which you
prefer to sleep on your side your back
what's your weight it how's your body
weight distributed do you like it a soft
or firm mattress and then they send a
mattress to your house it can it can
even make mattresses that are customized
for each side of the bed if there are
two people and and that means that via
the 70 in the mail you unwrap it it
inflates because it's a it's a foam
mattress and then you
you put it down you sleep on it and you
try it for a hundred nights and if you
don't like it then they'll take it right
back they will take it right back and
they will for a full refund if you don't
love it 100% refund guarantee it's great
you should totally try it
it's mattresses solid mattresses are
really expensive helix sleep is cheaper
it's also better we actually took a more
expensive mattress and we put it in the
other room because we liked the helix
sleep mattress better if you want it go
to helix sleep comm slash Ben helix
sleep comm slash bet if you buy a
customized mattress it can cost
thousands of dollars I know this does
not it can cost well under a thousand
dollars over at helix sleep comm and if
you use the slash Ben number one you're
showing that we sent you but number two
you get $50 off your order
helix sleep fantastic sponsor check them
out helix sleep comm slash Ben okay Wow
so so many things happened since we last
spoke so many things and they are all
hilarious so no one said the end of the
world wasn't going to be an absolute
circus of joy and that's exactly what it
has been it has been a circus of
absolute joy and wonder so all of this
starts last night when CNN begins a news
tsunami by running a story about how US
intelligence officials have briefed
president-elect Donald Trump and
President Obama about these rumors these
intelligence reports that suggest that
Trump has been working with the Russians
and that the Russians have all what they
call compromise which means they have I
guess they have some compromising
information on Trump and that they're
going to blackmail Trump essentially
here's what CNN reported quote the
allegations were presented in a two-page
synopsis that was appended to a report
on Russian interference in the 2016
election the allegations came in part
from memos compiled by a former British
intelligence operative whose past work
US intelligence officials consider
credible the FBI is investigating the
credibility and accuracy of these
allegations which are based primarily on
information from Russian sources but has
not confirmed many essential details in
the memos about Trump the classified
briefings last week were presented by
four of the senior-most u.s.
intelligence chiefs that be DNI clapper
FBI director Comey CIA director Brennan
and NSA director Mike Rogers so
basically they presents these supposedly
classified documents to Obama and Trump
including allegations that
Russian operatives claims have
compromising personal and financial
information about from and that's the
extent of the story and so the entire
world goes nuts this is nuts right I
mean Trump is being briefed on the fact
that the Russians now have all this
dirty info and maybe this explains why
Trump is so warm toward Russia all the
time now to skip forward in the story
for a second CBS News appears to now be
blowing this out of the water they now
say that this never happened according
to the CBS News a senior US intelligence
official with knowledge of the
preparation for the meeting with Trump
said that Trump was not briefed on the
two-page addendum to the dossier and
multiple officials say the summary was
included in the material prepared for
the briefers but the briefing was oral
no documents were handed to Trump so
that means that even the CNN story
wasn't true if the CBS News report is
true but this CNN story breaks and the
entire world is lit a flame the entire
world goes on fire just it just blows up
and then and then the world ends right
so it's already blowing up and then the
pieces implode and themselves and create
a black hole of news that's because of
Ben Smith and BuzzFeed so BuzzFeed
releases the actual memos that were
supposedly compiled for this for this
briefing for Trump and Obama and these
memos are insane
they're insane I mean they say things
like Trump's lawyer Michael Kohn was in
the Czech Republic meeting in Prague
with Russian agents to get information
on Hillary Clinton they say things like
Trump is deep in bed with Russian
business sources and that they've paid
him lots of money it says that Putin has
been cultivating Trump as an asset for
years and of course the most the most
trafficked allegation and the reason I'm
making pee pee jokes today I'm not
enough of a man not to make a good urine
joke I'm sorry I can't if you're if you
wanted if you wanted pee pee jokes
you're in luck today because today is
your day but one of the allegations is
and it's too it's too salacious not to
mention the allegation is that Trump
went to Russia and stayed at the Ritz in
Moscow and in state and it's ridiculous
stayed in Barack Obama's suite the one
that he used to stay in with Michelle
Obama and then proceeded because he
hates the Obamas to hire a bunch of
Russian whores to to come in and have a
golden shower party to pee
the bed in front of him because that's
how much he hates the obamas and so this
this thing is flying around the web
golden shower is trending and and Ben
Smith releases this statement trying to
explain why it is that he even put this
thing out because he himself says in the
report they say that this stuff is
unverified we don't know how to check it
there's no way to check it we're gonna
put it out anyway screw it we're putting
it out anyway by the way it had already
been run by a bunch of other people
including David corns David corn of
Mother Jones he didn't put up the full
report here's what he tweeted about it
this is a he said I accurately
characterized the memos this is
important stuff but did not publish
details even Donald Trump deserves
journalistic fairness but not from
BuzzFeed so Ben Smith writes as you have
probably seen this evening we published
a secret dossier making explosive and
unverified allegations about Trump and
Russia I wanted to briefly explain to
you how we made the decision to publish
it we published the dossier which can
Ben singer obtain through his
characteristically ferocious reporting
it's not ferocious reporting to just
release a document so that as we wrote
Americans can make up their own minds
about allegations about the
president-elect that have circulated at
the highest levels of the US government
so we're just going to release this
information we're not gonna provide you
any way to verify it but you do it you
do the verification or you're supposed
to do the verification that sort of
BuzzFeed's job it's why all of these
other news outlets ripped into BuzzFeed
and said what the hell are you doing the
BuzzFeed releases it anyway this this
report that is chock full of total crazy
towns I mean total crazy towns and now
it's possible that the CNN report is
quasi it's it's somewhat more legitimate
than the BuzzFeed report the BuzzFeed
report is just here's a document we
obtained put it online and we're not
gonna tell you whether it's true or
false also Russian horror speed on Trump
right that was basically the BuzzFeed
report the the CNN report said okay we
have sources that say the Intel
community reported this to trump that
raises questions about how CNN knew that
is the Intel community leaking I mean
this entire campaign has been about
leaks so I guess eventually we're going
to arrive at this point where it's leaks
about leaks but you know that said the
the there's there's mark a minder at the
at mark a minder at the Atlantic he said
that the the intelligence community
didn't just summarize the dossier it
also included other information in any
case BuzzFeed runs this and the
world goes insane and very quickly
Trump is able to debunk some of this
stuff very quickly Trump is it but we'll
get to Trump's response in just a second
so first before we get to that 4chan
which is sort of the the trolling the
trolling website for the all of the best
trolls are on 4chan it's it's troll
central it's where all the cave trolls
hang out and 4chan releases a statement
basically who are people from 4chan
saying that they have actually created
this stuff from whole cloth and they
sent it to an anti-trump operative named
rick wilson republican named Rick Wilson
and Wilson gave it to the Intel
community so they trolled the entire
intelligence community there's no
evidence that this is true other than a
couple of people on 4chan saying some
stuff there really is no evidence that
this is true Wilson himself denies this
he says that all this information has
been out since August that's the same
thing that was being reported by CNN so
there's no reason to think that what
4chan said is true there's also no
reason to think that what BuzzFeed put
out there is true so we have a bunch of
unverified information floating around
and people look taking sides and then
Russia jumps in so the Kremlin gives a
response and the Kremlin tells CNN quote
the Kremlin has no complement and
president elect Donald Trump according
to Putin's spokesman Dmitry Peskov
comprar Matt is the Russian term for
compromising information intended to be
used against someone and the Peskov said
the Kremlin does not have compromised on
Trump information does not correspond to
reality is complete fiction
and then another and then he also said
that we don't even do this right they
actually said that there is that they
actually said that they don't even spy
on people then even do compromise
compromise isn't even something that we
do which is know that is if you think
the Russians don't gather information on
people that'd be crazy so now we finally
got to the now we finally get to the the
Donald Trump team response and Trump has
been hands in the ultimate gift just
this massive gift by BuzzFeed because
imagine it had just been the CNN report
that said that there are reports that he
had heard about all of this and that the
intelligence community was checking it
out that's all we knew well then he'd
have some questions to answer wouldn't
he but that's not all that happened
right instead you get this this BuzzFeed
report that very quickly people start
going through and debunking so for
example Michael Cohen who is the lawyer
for Trump and his men
in this in this compilation of supposed
intelligence on Trump
he immediately tweets out and he says no
I've never been to Prague and then
that's confirmed that he's never been to
Prague u.s.c says that he was actually
at USC on the date that he was supposed
to have been in Prague
CNN comes down says always a different
Michael cone a different Michael cone
not one who worked for Trump to some guy
named Michael Kohn ok well that's weird
all right and then the and the Trump
team comes out and they say this is this
is just pure garbage Ryan's previous
White House chief of staff he says this
is just nonsense this is made-up so what
is the president likes response to the
BuzzFeed and CNN reports and will he
talk about them at 11 o'clock today this
press conference well I mean the the
BuzzFeed memo is total complete garbage
is what it is and I look BuzzFeed
themselves said it was garbage the New
York Times wouldn't even print the
document because it was unverifiable
this is what this is there's tens of
thousands of retired agents all over the
world you've got some agent somewhere
maybe in the UK that hangs a shingle and
says pay me a rate I'm gonna do
opposition resource search he does a
memo or she does a memo this thing
circulates for months it's
unsubstantiated and voila it shows up I
I talked to Michael Cohen one of the
basis of this entire report is that a
guy named Michael Cohen who works for
the Trump Organization went to Prague
and had a meeting with Russian agents
he'd never been to Prague in his life I
don't know what it says about the report
in fact the coach of USC baseball in
Southern California said wait a second
he wasn't in Prague he was with me in
Southern California with his son well a
guy's never been the part of Southern
California Slee you know he's doing that
on good sourcing this is the beauty of
what BuzzFeed did actually in favor of
Trump right by releasing all this
information half of which is I mean a
lot of which for all we know all of its
garbage but some of it certainly is
garbage by doing that they allowed Trump
the ability to come out and say
everything that we've ever heard about
Russia is untrue there's nothing going
on with Russia all this is crap and the
media is out to get me because
what the meat he was out to get him here
right they they actually were out to get
him Seth Meyers head-on Kelly and Conway
last night and he asks her about the the
Russian reports and a Kellyanne Conway
slaps him around a little bit
Meyers has Ron he's grilling her what
she's actually saying it's true cuz NBC
News came out and said that it was not
attended to the document and it wasn't
mentioned during the oral briefing so
she's actually telling the truth here
and Seth Meyers is just refusing to
believe her and this is what's happened
in our politics is that if there's a bad
story about Trump everybody who doesn't
like Trump immediately leaps to believe
it if there's a good story about Trump
everybody who likes Trump immediately
leaps to believe it the truth has no
bearing anymore it's just pure partisan
hackery
on all sides well we have to say hello
to one of our new advertisers and thank
you one of our new advertisers blue
apron so if you like fresh food if you
are sick of packaged food if you know
some of us don't have time to to
actually go out to a restaurant or some
of us actually like the taste of fresh
food better or food that's just prepared
for you know that you can prepare
yourself but you don't want to spend all
the time going out there picking all the
ingredients making all the recipes
that's what blue apron is for my wife
actually said to me several years ago
wouldn't it be great if there was some
sort of service where you could order
what's in the meal and they just send
you the ingredients and you cook it
yourself so it's fresh and it tastes
better fresh high quality stuff that's
what blue apron is so for less than $10
per meal blue apron deliver seasonal
recipes along with pre portion
ingredients to make these sorts of
delicious home-cooked meals it is
guaranteed they deliver they guarantee
that all of the all of the ingredients
will be delivered ready to cook and they
will be delicious and it is it is easy
they all come with step-by-step recipes
and everything can be prepared in 40
minutes or less which if you've ever
cooked for a solid meal that is not a
lot of time at all you can also
customize the kinds of meals that you
want based on your preference you can
check out this week's menu and get your
first three meals free with free
shipping if you go to blue apron comm
slash Shapiro blue aprons comm slash
appear oh I've had a lot of family and
friends who've eaten products of blue
apron they say that it is just a
fantastic first rate better than going
to a restaurant and certainly better
than getting some sort of package
Familia toss in the microwave and you
don't have to spend time at the market
trying to pick out the ingredients
because blue aprons does all of it for
you and they give you the best recipes
it's a better way to cook blue aprons
comm slash Shapiro to get those first
three meals free and it is
a fantastic service blue apron calm
slash appear OU's slash Shapiro so they
know that we sent you and they have all
sorts of by the way different meals that
are that are apparently really really
good I mean it's like chipotle pepper
enchiladas with with sour cream and such
I mean it's really high quality stuff
okay so we're gonna say one more thing
and then we will have to break here so
Trump himself responds and and the way
that he responds is less he has a clear
win here let me just say Trump has a
clear win right the BuzzFeed report
comes out it's a bunch of crap and Trump
has a very clear win and the clear winds
should be him coming out and saying all
of this is crazy are you guys crazy like
what what in the world what in the world
and then Trump does what Trump does
which is he makes some boo-boos and this
is going to be one of the more epic
episodes of good Trump bad Trump that
we've ever done here on the bench
Shapiro show it's pretty it's pretty
epic so why don't we play the song real
fast
there was some certainly epic good Trump
here and there was some relatively epic
bad Trump so Trump immediately comes out
tweeting about the BuzzFeed story and
here is what he tweets Russia just said
the unverified report paid for by
political opponents is quote a complete
and total fabrication
utter nonsense all caps very unfair
exclamation point okay
so tip to the wise if you're trying to
tell people that you do not have
associations with Russia nor do you
trust them nor are you in their pocket
it's probably not a wise move to quote
them denying the report okay there are
lots of reasons to neither report you
should know whether the report is true
since you are the subject of the report
quoting the Russian intelligence
community that just said that they don't
spy on people that's not your best tack
but it continues along these lines
Russia has never tried to use leverage
over me I have nothing to do with Russia
all caps no deals no loans no nothing
which may or may not be true he's not
releasing his tax returns as we'll get
to in a minute so we don't really know
that but we let's assume it's true for a
second and then he tweets and this one's
correct
I went an election easily well not
easily a great movement is verified and
crooked opponents try to belittle our
victory with fake news a sorry State
Fair and then finally he finishes
intelligence agencies should never have
allowed this fake news to quote unquote
leak into the public I don't know if
he's trying make a pee pun or if he just
doesn't know how scare marks scare
quotes work this is one last shot of me
are we living in Nazi Germany no
president Trump we are not living in
Nazi Germany President Trump who is the
President of the United States because
you were elected in a presidential
election as the president also typical
tactics of the Nazis did not include
leaking damaging but false information
to the press typical tactics of the
Nazis included murdering your political
opponents imprisoning millions of people
and then systematically killing them
also invading foreign countries for no
reason other than you needed some more
room for Germans so no it's not Nazi
Germany and again there's there's just
it's a good Trump bathroom we have to
break here and if you want to watch the
rest and there's so much more to come
you need to stop by you need to go to
Daley wire calm right now and become a
subscriber because the visuals on this
are amazing you're gonna want something
you're gonna want to see the tape it's
it's a daily
why're calm $8 a month gets you a
subscription if you get an annual
subscription I believe that we're in the
waning days of the you get a free copy
of my novel two religions and assigned
by me if you become an annual subscriber
we have a bunch of new things that are
about to come out for subscribers so you
want to go and get an annual
subscription right now it's a ly
wire.com we are the largest conservative
podcast in the United States
