I'm going to wax a little philosophical
here about something in our culture that
really bothers me in the way that we
have conversations we're just talking
about the imagination how the left
colonizes the imagination they get
inside our heads with their movies with
their TV shows with their news programs
all the means and with education all the
means of communication are belong to
them you know in the old video game that
thing all your bases are belonging to us
while all the means of communication are
belong to them and they use that to
colonize the imagination one of the
facts funny facts about the imagination
is in the imagination there's no time
think about things that happen to you
when you were child painful things that
happen to you when you're you were a
child something your dad did it was mean
or your mom did whatever it is if you
think about that right now
you can get just as angry just as hurt
just as sad as you were at the time time
does not exist in the imagination
everything is happening now and one of
the ways that the left controls our
debate is because they understand the
imagination better than the right does
the right really is always about facts
you know we're always pointing to charts
and saying I'll look at that here's the
numbers and they're glass are growing
and they're meanwhile telling stories
because they know in the imagination
there's no time everything is happening
now so for instance they'll talk about
abortion I've talked about this before
but I think it's the worst aspect of
this and they'll say well you know a
baby is not a person of an unborn baby
is not a person can't decide anything
can't you know have preferences and and
there's a guy Peter singer of and among
others who is a an ethicist at Princeton
who says yeah you should be able to you
know to kill born children because they
don't have choices they can't decide
things the way for instance even a dog
can do he will actually say that but we
live in time we're not just who we are
now we're who we will become and time
really exists you know so I could say
well you know Peter singer can't make a
decision
when he's asleep so I can kill him no
because eventually he wakes up
eventually the child in your womb
becomes a person and so has the right
rights of a person even now when he
can't make decisions but this also works
in the past you know when the people are
talking about pulling down
statues and they're talking about oh the
sky
you know George Washington owned slaves
Thomas Jefferson owned slaves they're
eliminating history right they're
eliminating the world that person lived
in George Washington one of the greatest
heroes Liberty ever knew he he basically
gave liberty it's incarnation in our
country by turning down the king by
turning down kingship which no one has
ever done
maybe Cincinnatus in Rome but he turned
down the kingdom basically he turned
down a continent by doing that he gave
us our Liberty and started the
traditions that have preserved our
Liberty he couldn't understand why
slaves didn't work hard because the
narrative of his time was so pervasive
just like the narrative of abortion
makes it possible for good people to
have abortions now 50 years from now
when the science tells us a little bit
more about who babies are and how they
develop and all that it's not gonna be
true but right and then they're gonna
look back on us because they won't
appreciate the different times and
they're gonna say how could you have
been such butchers how could you have
done such terrible things and all of
this leads back to me to listen I want
women to be protected I understand that
they are hurt by the things men do I
understand their women who were hurt by
things I did because when you're young
you don't understand this stuff and
you're so sex stop and their hormones
are going crazy it's easy to make
mistakes it's the left that gave us the
culture the sexual culture we have now
conservatives protested every step of
the way it's the left who told us that
marriage didn't matter it's the left
that told us you know women could have
the exact same sex lives as man and
they'd be happy it's the left when we
said to women you know you shouldn't get
drunk with a bunch of men it's they said
oh you're blaming the victim they're the
ones who created the sexual culture and
in the 70s and the 80s when the
accusations against Brett Kavanaugh took
place we were living in a different
world you know I'm not saying it was
right then and it's wrong now it was
wrong then too but we were living in a
different world and the rules that he is
being crucified with even even this is
even if it's true or not the rules we
were living by then and I just think you
know it's so easy it's so easy to make
us forget there is such a thing as time
and we live in time and the times change
and I think that that it's just unfair
it is unfair the left ruins everything
they ruined our
culture now they're paying for the
culture that they ruined they're paying
the price for what they did and I think
it's just unfair they ruin everything
