on Sunday senator Bernie Sanders took to
Twitter to deliver one of his usual
messages people go to the doctor because
they're sick get a diagnosis from the
adopter but they can't a full of the
treatment he wrote how crazy is that so
I responded snarkily I go to a fancy
store to check out a piece of furniture
and I can't afford it totally crazy
this of course prompted spasms of
apoplexy on the left how could I dare to
compare medical care and furniture was
iuck waiting the - was I suggesting that
the necessity of furniture was somehow
comparable to the necessity of medical
care of course not because that would be
stupid
I was pointing out that medical care is
a commodity and that in life we are
often faced with commodities we cannot
afford but this mere observation caused
a ruckus on the left necessities don't
compare to luxuries said Malone angry
tweeter less characters like Benton
Shapiro for demonstrating the complete
soullessness of capitalist ideology
tweeted another the idea here seems to
be that unless you declare medical care
a right rather than a commodity your
soul was that as Marx might put it in
necessity rather than autonomy creates
right this is foolish both morally and
practically morally you have no right to
man medical care of me I may recognize
your necessity I may offer charity my
friends and I may choose to band
together and fund your medical care but
your necessity does not change the basic
math medical care is a service and they
good provided by a third party no matter
how much I need bread I do not have a
right to steal your wallet or hold up
the local bakery to obtain it steps may
end up being the least immoral choice
under the circumstances that doesn't
make it a moral choice or suggests that
I have not violated your rights in
pursuing my own needs but the left
thinks that declaring necessities right
somehow overcomes the individual rights
of others if you're sick you now have
the right to demand that my wife who is
a doctor care for you is there any limit
to this right do you have the right to
demand that the medical system provide
life-saving care forever to the tunes of
millions of dollars of other people's
taxpayer dollars or services how exactly
can there be such a right without the
government ration and care or using
compulsion to force individuals to
provide it or confiscating mass sums of
wealth to pay for it the answer nope
some work that way rights that derived
from individual need inevitably violate
individual autonomy in response to my
tweet my colleague New York Magazine's
junkie single
wrote quote free markets are good at
some things and terrible at others and
it's silly to view them as
rather than means that's not true free
markets are expressions of individual
autonomy and therefore they are ends to
be pursued in and of themselves now
practically declaring medical care right
doesn't make it actually happen Justice
Ruth Bader Ginsburg said at one point
she would model new constitutions on the
South African Constitution which
guarantees quote everyone has the right
to have access to health care services
including reproductive health care the
state must take reasonable legislative
and other measures within its available
resources to achieve the progressive
realization of each of these rights
that's what the South African
Constitution says but the World Health
Organization ranked South Africa
somewhere near the bottom of the globe
in terms of medical care what happened
why didn't the right self actualize
because medical care is a commodity and
be treated differently that's stupid to
make a commodity cheaper and better you
need two things
profit incentive and freedom of Labor
the government destroys both of these
things in the health care industry it
decides medical reimbursement rates for
millions of Americans particularly poor
Americans this in turn creates an
incentive for doctors not to take
government-sponsored health insurance it
regulates how doctors treat with
patients the sorts of training doctors
must undergo the sorts of insurance they
must maintain all of this convinces
fewer Americans to become doctors under
supply of doctors generally and of
doctors who will accept your insurance
specifically along with over demand
stimulated by government driven health
insurance coverage that leads to mass
shortages the result in over alliance
and emergency care costs for which are
distributed among government hospitals
and insurance payers so what's the
solution for poor people well not to
declare medical care right
certainly not to dismiss reliance on the
market as some sort of perverse cruelty
markets are the solution and medical
care just as they are in virtually every
other area if you treat medical care as
a commodity that means temporary
shortages and it means some people won't
get everything we wish they would have
but that's also true but worse with
government-sponsored medical care as the
most honest advocates will admit and
whereas government-sponsored medical
care requires a top-down approach that
violates individual liberties generates
over to man and quashes supply markets
prized individual liberties they reduce
demand you don't demand more of what you
have to pay for and they heighten supply
through profit incentive so back to the
furniture now let's say your life
depended on this choice today you either
have to obtain an affordable chair or
horrible x-ray which would you choose to
obtain well if you're not stupid you
choose the share that's because there
are lots of types of chairs produced by
scores of different companies widely
distributed you can buy a $15.00 folding
chair or $1000 antique without the
slightest difficulty by contrast to
obtain an x-ray you'd have to work with
your insurance company wait for an
appointment and then haggle over price
why because the medical market is way
more regulated thanks to the widespread
perception that healthcare is a right
than the chair market does that sound
soulless true soullessness is depriving
people of the choices they require
because you're more interested in
patting yourself on the back by
inventing rights than by incentivizing
the creation of goods and services in
health care we could use a lot less
virtual signalling and a lot less
government or we could just read Bernie
Sanders's tweets while we wait in line
for a government-sponsored surgery dying
presumably in a decrepit chair
