well it's 2017 and you know what that
means and neither do I now AM years
passed around this time I've tried to
make some new year's resolutions but
frankly I just find it too discouraging
when despite my best intentions a couple
of weeks go by and I find myself once
again standing in a motel room dressed
as a teddy bear holding a smoking gun
over the body of a girl and a French
maid's outfit so this year instead I've
decided to make other people's New
Year's resolutions for them and let them
kill the girl for instance I think
Democrats should resolve this year to
recommit themselves to their core values
and stand on those principles until
every single voter in America is a
Republican I think Barack Obama should
resolve to bring to his post
presidential career the same sort of
patriotic Giada VIII and full throated
faith and Western values that made his
administration a time of inspiration and
uplift for everyone who believes that
Allahu Akbar is just the right thing to
shout before you blow up a shopping
center I think Hillary Clinton should
resolve to use her now copious spare
time to take up some useful hobbies like
knitting or cooking so that Bill Clinton
has a welcoming home to come to after a
long day of slaving away over a hot
prostitute and now that he's done
working with Hillary I think her running
mate Tim Kaine should resolve that he's
finally going to get that sex change
operation and find out what life is like
as a man I think Republicans ought to
resolve that now that they control the
House the Senate and the White House
they might occasionally take some time
off from rolling over for every Democrat
proposal that comes down the pike they
could just roll over for their own
personal pleasure maybe in the grass but
on that nice fuzzy rug in the living
room I think the reporters at CNN should
resolve that they will continue to cover
Donald Trump with a dogged informed and
professional attitude of complete
mindless hysteria so that every time the
man speaks they run around in circles
with their hands thrown up in the air
screaming in high-pitched voices until
they all fall down together in a heap
exhausted and sobbing this will give CNN
reporters something to do while the rest
of us are watching the news on other
channels and finally I think soon-to-be
President Donald Trump should resolve to
commit himself fully to a
holding the values of the American
Constitution which is that crinkly brown
piece of paper with the funny writing on
it in the big glass case in the rotunda
the National Archives the one that
starts with we the never mind just try
not to break anything
trigger warning I'm Andrew Clavin and
this is the Andrew Clavin show I'm
missed that song
I missed that song while I was away you
know it's like I just I wanted like my
wife to just wake me up singing that
song just I could feel at home even
while I was going it's mailbag day whoa
we've got some great questions about
relationships relationship questions
this time so you want to stay around for
that even though if you're watching on
Facebook or YouTube after about 15
minutes the floor is going to just
disappear from underneath you we're
gonna drop you into darkness and you'll
have to come to the Daily wire calm to
hear the rest of the show there you can
subscribe and for just a lousy 8 bucks a
month you can ask your question in the
mailbag next week
alright so it's kind of we had a little
bit of a comedy yesterday I mean there's
something there's stuff going on as we
speak on Capitol Hill but I just want to
comment on like the fact that it's
really still slow news time you know
coming out in the new year until the
inauguration it's gonna be slow news
time and what happens in slow news time
because you've had this 24/7 news cycle
whatever is the most interesting story
rises to the top even if it's
unimportant so what you had yesterday
was people covering stories that didn't
matter at all like this story about the
House Republicans trying to kind of
neutralize this ethics committee that
nobody likes by the way because it
doesn't follow due process so the House
Republicans went behind closed doors and
tried to neutralize it incredibly bad
optics because let's not forget
these are still this is still the stupid
party I mean these are the stupidest
people in America are sent to be
Republicans so always they always say so
the stupid party versus the evil party
and we'll see that that's exactly what's
taking place Trump sent out a tweet
don't you have anything better to do
basically than do this and they said oh
okay maybe we won't make ourselves look
like corrupt fools just as we have a
chance to drain the swamp so that
changed but the real thing that's going
on is the Senate went right to work
trying to repeal Obamacare which they're
going to do with this obscure I won't
get into the high weeds about it but
they have this obscure budget rule that
means they'll be able to do a lot of it
they'll be able to gut the law with only
a majority and the problem they have of
course is that Trump is again started
tweeting saying Republicans must be
careful in that the Dems own the failed
Obamacare disaster with its poor
coverage and massive premium increases
like the hundred and sixteen percent
hike in Arizona also deductibles are so
high that is practically useless
don't let the Schumer clowns out of this
wet massive increases of Obamacare will
take place this year and Dems are to
blame for the mess it will fall of its
own weight be careful in what he's
saying of course is if they immediately
get rid of the coverage then all these
people are going to be without coverage
it'll be just as big a disaster as it
was when they instituted the plan but of
course the press which had total mercy
on Obama when that was happening will
have no mercy on Trump
so here's Paul Ryan and Mike pants are
up on Capitol Hill and here is Ryan
talking about what how they're going to
handle this with a mixture of legal
maneuvers from the legislature but also
executive orders from Trump we've been
saying all along we don't want to pull
the rug out from people while we're
replacing this law the point is in 2017
we don't want people to be caught with
nothing we want to make sure that
there's an orderly transition so that
the rug is not pulled out from under the
families who are currently struggling
under Obama care while we bring relief
yeah
is a repealing her place can you give a
detail on the executive actions that are
planned how do the have such square the
complex budgetary process there Hainan
glove so we're working on the
legislative process right now as you
know the Senate's going to be acting
first next week then the Congress will
follow which gives us the budget
resolution we need to bring the
legislation through while the
administration works on the executive
orders that they're talking about to
deliver the kind of transition relief
that we've been talking about the
problem is just remember Obamacare is
failed families are hurting they broke
the health care system it's a string of
broken promises so we're going to make
sure that we have an orderly transition
to a better system so we can get back to
what we all want which is lower costs
health care more choices so that
families can actually get affordable
health care at a decent price with more
choices more competition and not a
costly government takeover that is
really bankrupt this this health care
system and left family struggling so so
they're serious they they're going to do
this you know they've been sitting you
know you've been picking on the
Republicans for not doing this when they
didn't and they kept saying we need a
president and they are going right to
work on it and meanwhile of course now
remember Obamacare is basically the only
legislative triumph of this
administration it's the only thing they
did the way presidents are supposed to
do things everything else has just been
regulations you know waiting down
business and of course he did have this
triumph of blowing the Middle East to
smithereens so if we get rid of
Obamacare basically Obama's gone like
he's just a memory so Obama is also on
Capitol Hill strategizing with Democrats
on how they're gonna save the plan and
here he is talking about that lame duck
I got like said wedding I got like 17
days to keep that joke going okay so
meanwhile we get to see well wait before
we do that let's just talk about this
tweet thing because Trump sends out
these tweets he sent out a tweet stop
knock it off the ethics thing they knock
it off with the ethics thing he sends
out a thing be careful you know they
because because Republicans are dumb you
know they don't they're so used to be an
attack
by the press that it doesn't even occur
to them to play the press to play the
public because now that there's the
internet they can look good if they do
the right thing but Trump is got his eye
he has got his eye on the public and he
knows you know he's a TV star that's
what he does so like he knows what the
public is thinking and he says be
careful about this the other thing he
has been doing is tweeting at businesses
telling them to keep their jobs in
America so he tweeted at General Motors
to keep their you know they were making
a car partially in Mexico and then
there's this thing with Ford now all on
the campaign trail Ford that Trump was
rallying against Ford for moving for
building a new factory in Mexico and
this is part of his greater antagonism
with NAFTA right because NAFTA allows
you to move your jobs to Mexico without
any tariffs and he thinks that's just a
bum deal for America so this was Trump
on the campaign trail railing against
Ford Ford has announced just yesterday
that they're moving their small car
production facilities to Mexico and I've
been talking about this a long while and
I think that's maybe one of the reasons
that we're doing so well in Ohio and
Michigan and lots of other places where
cars and parts are involved but to think
that Ford is moving its small car
division is a disgrace it's disgraceful
it's disgraceful that our politicians
allow them to get away with it really is
it used to be cars were made in Flint
and you couldn't drink the water in
Mexico now cars are made in Mexico and
you can't drink the water in Flint so
okay that was that was Trump on the
campaign trail here is Ford's CEO
yesterday we're also encouraged by the
pro-growth policies that president-elect
Trump and the new Congress have
indicated that they will pursue and we
believe that these tax and regulatory
reforms
are critically important to boost us
competitiveness and of course drive a
resurgence in American manufacturing and
high-tech innovation now all of these
factors coupled with segmentation shifts
that we're seeing in the marketplace and
our effort of course to fully utilize
the capacity at existing facilities have
prompted us obviously to invest in flat
rocks expansion and to cancel building a
new plant in Mexico gee America's great
again I'm tired of winning already this
is now luck all this stuff is for show
you know you don't want the president
he's not the president yet so he can say
basically anything he wants but we don't
want the president bullying companies
but these companies say what they say is
that they are staying here because Trump
has promised them that regulations and
taxes are going to go down and that's
that is a good thing that's a positive
thing but there's also something else
going on now listen to this this is The
Wall Street Journal this morning the US
manufacturing sector entered the new
year with the wind at its back
remember manufacturing has been in the
doldrums for eight years it finished
2016 with its strongest growth in two
years the Institute for Supply
Management on Tuesday said it's
purchasing managers index rose to 54
point seven percent in December from
fifty three point two percent in
November beating economists expectations
for a more modest rise and hitting its
highest level since December 2014 so
suddenly in December everything went up
this is a reflection this is a quote
from the guy who oversees the is M
survey this is a reflection of consumer
activity and I think people are just
feeling better
for whatever reason about the economy
now what reason could they have to feel
better in December than they felt the
month before I wonder what it is you
know it's like this this is a you know
consumer activities a question of
attitude and Trump is playing the
attitude and so there's stuff that he's
doing it makes it makes me a little
queasy to watch him you know pushing
companies around because companies
should be able to go wherever they want
but but he is right about fair trade you
do want you know if their tariffs on one
side is fair to put tariffs
the other side and a lot of this is for
show and to make consumer confidence and
to build consumer confidence until he
can get them in there and then he's
going to have to you can't just go from
company to company
you know terrorizing CEOs you will
ultimately have to make this a nice
place to do business and Obama has done
everything he can to keep that from
happening
meanwhile we here we have Chuck Schumer
who is leading the opposition making
this kind of bitter little remark this
is numbers five cut number five this
little remark from the well of the Sun
so mr. president
the issues facing this country are many
we have a lot of work to do creating
jobs raising incomes making college and
health care affordable rebuilding our
infrastructure making trade laws work
for the American worker keeping
Americans safe from threats of violence
and terrorism taking care of our vets
now each one takes serious thought in
action these issues are too important
from your words our challenges too
entrenched for mere tweeting making
America great again requires more than a
hundred forty characters per issue with
all due respect America cannot afford a
Twitter presidency yeah except except
that on Twitter he's slapping this guy
silly how silly
did you notice what he called Trump mr.
president from an Obama was really angry
about that here's what he said forgot
what I said that already I want to
repeat myself
oh so Schumer's so confused so slapped
silly that he's already calling Trump
mr. president I think we all agree the
Trump in some sense is certainly one of
the most powerful president-elect I've
ever seen we have to say goodbye to you
if you're on Facebook or YouTube and
cast you into the exterior darkness
where there is great wailing and
gnashing of teeth but come to the Daily
wire calm you can
listen to the rest if you subscribe for
a lousy eight bucks a month you can
watch the whole thing and not have to
bounce around like this
