some people when they want to know the
future shake their magic 8-ball turn it
upside down and read the message on the
bottom me I turn to journalists and
politicians because when you shake them
and turn them upside down change falls
out of their pockets much of which was
yours to begin with
so as 2016 wins to an end let's take a
look at what the best prognosticators
are prognosticating for the year ahead
we'll begin with Al Gore the former vice
president is famous for predicting
climate change would destroy the world
in approximately two years ago that
prediction turned out to be amazingly
accurate after we realized the world he
was talking about was the one inside his
mind for 2017 the man nicknamed crazy al
by a team of baffled psychiatrists is
predicting the terrible climate crisis
will continue with the weather getting
so hot that most of the Midwest will be
buried under snow until April global
warming seminars held in 20-below
temperatures will cause a virtual
epidemic of unintended irony and CNN
journalists throughout the country will
solemnly accuse their audience of being
anti science right up until the moment
they realize that their audience is
actually watching something else like
The Walking Dead or Westworld or
anything with a story less preposterous
than the global warming bushwa on CNN
Gore further predicts that the release
of the sequel of his film An
Inconvenient Truth tentatively titled
fooled you twice shame on you should
generate enough revenue to keep him in
xanax through the middle of next June
after that he plans to further fund his
medicinal regime by improving his
invention of the Internet with a new
internet add-on called pornhub another
prognosticator looking at the year ahead
is New York Times futurist Nate cone
cone made his prognosticating bones by
predicting that Donald Trump would lose
the Republican nomination because he
wasn't really a Republican and lose the
election because he wasn't really a
candidate Cohen explained the Trump had
a high floor but a low ceiling
along with flocked wallpaper and an
attractive set of French windows Cohen
was absolutely correct and that's why
Trump will be subletting his apartment
at a high price when he moves into the
White House for 2017 Kohn is predicting
that Donald Trump will still lose the
election because obviously 2016 is
been a terrible dream and any minute now
Nate Cohen predicts he will wake up and
not only will Hillary have one but ice
cream will grow on trees and the entire
cone family will be happy happy happy
all the time forever so there's a
glimpse into the future by those experts
among us who make their livings
glimpsing the future then making stuff
up my advice is that you listen very
carefully to these wise people then bet
your money that whatever they say will
come true you can place those bets by
contacting me here at the Daily wire I'm
giving excellent oz trigger warning I'm
Andrew Clavin and this is the Andrew
Clavin show just to give you there's a
wingman also singing shake tipsy Topsy
mold is a bit easing it's a wonderful
sing
that never gets old what's the what's
the latest wait I can just oh well she's
made the made a milky all right come on
give the guy a break you see he's
wearing somebody least somebody's doing
something here now this one has a
swimming guy okay we caught up on the
Swans but who knows what the mate will
be doing next week over over the weekend
over the Clavin is weekend which is
almost upon us
and Christmas is almost upon us well
it's like wait it's like coming out it's
like a train and one thing we don't want
to have happen to you we don't want you
to be driving home to see your family
maybe going a little bit too fast and
get caught in a speed trap we don't want
you to drive too fast we don't want you
to drive unsafely but we also don't want
you to get taken advantage of by some
municipality with a ticket quota that's
making up its debt by catching guys
we're going a little bit fast so what we
are doing is we are promoting Rocky
Mountain radar and their devices and we
call the folks at Rocky Mountain radar
and ask them if they would give us give
our audience our specific audience a
chance to try this stuff out and they
are slashing their prices by 50% if you
go on Rocky Mountain radar calm slash
Andrew you will get 50% off some of
their premium products this is the only
radar device that is made that not only
detects speeds speed traps but also
messes with their radar so they can't
get a good reading on you before you
have time to slow down so you will see
them coming that's an amazing stuff it
was developed by a guy who worked into
the defense industry his job was to fool
guided missiles so he built the stuff so
when you shoot a guided missile at a jet
plane
he built the stuff that makes the
missile miss so he figured hey this is
hard what would be easy is using this to
make the radar get a bad reading on your
car until you are going close now of
course that doesn't work if you're
traveling 100 miles an hour and if
you're traveling 100 miles an hour we
can't help you anyway because you're
doing the wrong thing but if you're a
little bit over the speed limit as we
almost always are and you get hit in one
of those places where they're collecting
money by giving people tickets this is
the stuff it is the only technology that
both detects the guy and scrambles his
radar this is how much they back there
when you register your device with Rocky
Mountain radar you qualify for their
ticket rebate program if you get a
ticket within the first year of owning
your scrambler Rocky Mountain radar will
pay your ticket that is a lot of dough
for those of us who they occasionally
got the occasional ticket for traveling
like 130 miles an hour they will not pay
they will not pay your ticket if you're
traveling so fast that the cop just has
to look at you to see it because then
this isn't going to help you right but
we don't want you to do that anyway so
just go on Rocky Mountain radar comm
slash Andrew you will get 50% off a lot
of their products there also is a lot of
information there about you know where
you can use these things and so on and
so forth these are the best scramblers
and detectors available this is stefan
stealth technology for your car this is
something that you could put your jet
but it's for your car rocky mountain
radar comm slash andrew for 50% off this
top-of-the-line equipment good stuff
okay so the electors vote on Monday to
ratify the will of the American people
but fortunately fortunately for the
Democrats celebrities are here to save
them from the you know we thought you
know the Russians rigged the election
james comey rigged the election is all
this but now finally finally they have
brought celebrities to save the day
before the electors the Electoral
College ratifies this now the thing what
this teaches us is the left never learns
anything do you remember when when
during the election we had celebrities
come out with that save the day video do
we have a little slice of the save the
day video but we can end this nightmare
before it begins we can save the day for
our children for our children for our
children for our communities communities
for our communities for America for
America for America all it takes is
all of us all of us all of us we cannot
pretend both sides are equally
unfavorable we can't say one vote
doesn't matter your vote matters your
vote matters affects everything not just
a presidency but the Senate the house
your local officials immigration student
common-sense gun laws the Supreme Court
now that was so effective because that's
thick you know they thought they didn't
just lose the presidential election
remember they lost everything you know
everything so at the time I don't know
if you remember this a ad company came
out with a response to this which I just
love this was a classic classic response
to the save the day video this is the
have you got it yet election day is
Tuesday November 8th I know this because
some famous actors told me thanks thanks
actors thanks famous actors thanks
famous actors had no idea no idea I was
just thinking sometime in December maybe
January wait it's this year I thought it
was over it turns out this election is
important really important really
important really really important
because I thought it was you know no big
deal again thanks famous actors because
it's times like these when we realize
just how lucky we are to have famous
Hollywood actors okay I mean if anything
if that video that original save the day
video did anything it probably gave
Trump a couple of votes I mean probably
a couple of never Trump errs just
thought I can't vote for Donald Trump
but I'll vote against Hollywood actors
I'm doing it now so now they have a new
video we're gonna play the entire thing
because it's comedy gold we have a new
video where famous actors come and tell
us that they tell the electors
Republican electors that they most vote
their conscience and therefore vote
against Donald Trump and save save us
all from the hideous you know fact that
the Democrats lost the election to
Donald Trump but but just to make just
to be fair just to be fair I said that
the left never learns anything if you
pay attention especially if you're
watching on Facebook
or on our site the daily wire if you're
watching you will notice a subtle
difference between these famous actors
and the famous actors in the original so
pay attention here's the entire video of
famous actors telling Republican
electors to basically betray their trust
Republican members of the electoral
college
this message is for you as you know our
founding fathers built the Electoral
College to safeguard the American people
from the dangers of a demagogue and to
ensure that the presidency only goes to
someone who is - an eminent degree
endowed with the requisite
qualifications an eminent degree someone
who is highly qualified for the job the
Electric College was created
specifically to prevent an unfit
candidate from becoming president
there are 538 members of the electoral
college you and just 36 other
conscientious Republican electors can
make a difference by voting your
conscience on December 19th and thereby
shaping the future of our nation I'm not
asking you to vote for Hillary Clinton
I'm not asking you to vote for Hillary
Clinton I'm not asking you to vote for
Hillary Clinton as you know the
Constitution gives electors the right to
vote for any eligible person any
eligible person no matter which party
they belong to but it should certainly
be someone you consider especially
competent especially competent to serve
as president of the United States of
America by voting your conscience you
and other brave Republican electors can
give the House of Representatives the
option to select a qualified candidate
for the presidency I stand with you I
stand with you I stand with you I stand
with you in support and solidarity with
conservatives independence and liberals
and all citizens of the United States
the American people trust that your
voice speaks for us all and that you you
will make yourself heard through the
constitutional responsibility granted to
you by Alexander Hamilton himself what
is evident is that Donald Trump lacks
more than the qualifications to be
President
he lacks the necessary stability and
clearly the respect for the constitution
of our great nation
you have position the authority and the
opportunity to go down in the books as
an American hero who changed the course
of history
and you have my respect you have my
respect you have my respect for your
patriotism and service to the American
people unite for America that is a
mazing we have the respect if we will
just do what they tell us we will have
the respect of Hollywood celebrities I
am so excited I mean I I have to say my
my immediate reaction to that is is two
words one of which I can't say on the
air and the other one of which is you
and I mean that immediately just comes
pouring out of me but if you were paying
attention if you were watching on The
Daily wire if you subscribe you can see
these things you would notice that too
two big differences between these
celebrities in the save of the day
celebrities one I would say that the
average age of the save the day
celebrities was about 45 I would say the
average age of these celebrities was
about 115 I mean these were like old old
people who are talking to us and I don't
mean to make fun of that because a lot
of conservative celebrities are older
you know you see guys like Jon Voight
coming out why is it the older
celebrities are come out as conservative
it's because they don't have as much to
lose they don't they're not as afraid
Jon Voight doesn't have to be afraid
that his career is going to end because
he expresses his political opinions so I
think that the people who were in the
original video the other thing is you
noticed this the star power in the
original video was much much bigger as
Robert Downey junior Scarlett Johansson
those are two of the biggest stars in
the country if you can say there are
still big stars those were big stars
they weren't going to put their
integrity on the line for this I mean
remember it is I'm old enough to
remember when questioning the outcome of
an election was actually unpatriotic
so the hypocrisy here is stunning and
what they're asking people to do is
stunning too you know I mean if these
guys have a problem with their
conscience they wouldn't even Martin
machine to tell them what to do I mean I
suspect most of these guys are voting
for the Republican candidate with a
great deal of joy even if he wasn't
their first pick they may be voting for
him with a great deal of pleasure and
joy
is nuts and I all I can tell you is I
think it's going to have the exact same
effect that the save the day video but
it's part of it is part of a phenomenon
that we are seeing that is really really
telling it's part of well you know we'll
get back to what it's back actually have
a little more time before afters
everybody you it's part of this
phenomenon of somehow this election
can't be happening that's what we can
call it can't be happening so it's got
to be a nightmare it's got to be
something that's in my worst dreams if
you go back and you look here's a
collection from our friends at News
Buster's of reporters and journalists
and experts so-called experts trying to
say that this is the election isn't fair
because it was done according to the
American rules with the Electoral
College instead of by the popular vote
we're talking about a candidate who's
lost in a historic way in terms of the
popular vote but clearly one in the
electoral college
there was also profound soul-searching
for millions as well asking how did this
happen Hillary Clinton winning the
popular vote is this something of a
national emergency and our journal is
afraid to say so because they're gonna
sound partisan I don't think in this
sense when you look at the Electoral
College that people have spoken because
Trump has lost the popular vote by
almost three million votes and when you
look at the roots of the electoral
college the roots of the Electoral
College are rooted in slavery do you
think it's time to take a look at the
electoral college system if we are never
going to use the electoral college that
we should abolish it we need to get rid
of the electoral college yeah let's not
forget that after this is over like yeah
forgot it in 2000 I'm not saying get rid
of the electoral college and the idea
that a state is worth a certain amount
of agenda that is one and turn it into a
delegate puzzle that needs to be changed
by this whole election cycle has shown
us what the Founding Fathers have
created needs to maybe change I think
this whole Syrian election experience
may leave people just with less trust in
the system period with questions about
why for the second time in the lifetime
of a lot of people the person with the
popular vote is not president I
obviously know we all know that how the
system works in the electoral college
but when it happens twice in a person's
in 16 years it does raise question so
which is it is that the electoral
college was put there by
Hamilton when he was taking off from his
Broadway show he took time off from his
Broadway show to invent the electoral
college was it put there to save us or
was it put there to damage us which is
it you know it's like they're saying
they're saying we should have won the
football game because we gained more
yards just because you got more points
that doesn't mean anything all right we
got to say goodbye to Facebook and
YouTube come on over to the Daily wire
and subscribe you know you yesterday use
mailbag was fantastic you could have
been there you could have been part of
that mailbag if you would only subscribe
to the daily wire.com which is as lousy
eight bucks a month you can spare it
come on
