on Friday 10:00 except maybe supposedly
crucial error of holiness tab1
sai UN since 1979 the United States saw
the policy of studying neutrality with
regard to the question of Taiwanese
independence we'd agreed in principle
with the one-china rhetoric economy
Chinese espouse but we fiercely
prevented China from breast of action
against Taiwan trans phone call with
Taiwan was supposedly therefore a breach
of both decorum and policy expertise
which is truly frightening supposedly
well all that's idiotic
okay Barack Obama spends his presidency
overthrown well-calibrated foreign
policy on behalf of concessions to evil
change from pending around hundreds of
billions of dollars to continue
promoting terrorism to handing Russian
dictator Vlad Putin control of Crimea in
Syria from reinforcing the crumbling
Castro regime in Cuba it's weakening
America's military and thus opening the
doorway to Chinese aggression in the
South China Sea Obama's foreign policy
has been basically in your endless
procedures of placing our enemies in a
beneficial position Trump making a phone
call to Taiwan that's kind of the
opposite as I wrote last week Trump
either knows what he's doing with Taiwan
or he really doesn't if he does if his
goal is to demonstrate to the Chinese
that d'etats is ending thanks to their
aggression that's not the worst thing in
the world that's actually a pretty good
thing China's been building a regional
sphere of influence that is only set to
expand as Trump pulls out of the
trans-pacific partnership interests in
Southeast Asia certainly can clear the
security threats to American allies in
the region will not be tolerated that
would be a real positive
well if Trump's goal is to use I want as
leverage against China in economic
warfare Robert that is a foolish thing
Taiwan deserves our support against
China not to be sold out in order to
thwart suppose the Chinese trade
manipulation what about it from has no
goal if as he seems state on Twitter is
just winging it well and we'll find out
either he'll back down or he won't and
that will be the policy but to cure
panic over the Taiwan phone call is
overblown you don't know yet what the
call pre stages it's just amateur hour
sure we should be worried but even if it
is amateur hour Obama to suppose the
professional the worst egde from worse
than Trump did purposefully with the
various intents over and over again I'm
Ben Shapiro this is the Ben Shapiro show
all righty so much to get you today here
on ben shapiro show there will be some
some good Trump bad Trump we'll get to
that and just decide now basically do
the theme of today's show as well as the
next two four years and a lot to get to
about sort of the perversion of
conservatism and this soul-sucking of
the Republican Party will talk about a
lot of that plus the Democrats continue
to be completely in disarray but first
we have to say hello and we're bringing
calm so every 13 seconds in the United
States there's a home burglary and one
of the ways that home burglars get
access to your house is that ring the
doorbell and then if they figure nobody
total they break in they don't want to
confront you they don't want to be
dealing with you with a shotgun on the
other side of the door ring calm helps
prevent this procedure if they ring the
doorbell then you can pick up the
doorbell anywhere you are rings direct
to your phone there's a camera so you
can see who it is that's at your door
and they will think that you're at home
so they won't break in plus it allows
you to know who's knocking at the front
door which is obviously a useful thing
when I'm away and my kids are at home my
wife's at home I like to be able to know
who's at home and whether my kids and
wife are safe or not Rinku makes that
happen they also have what they call the
ring of security kit and the ring of
security kit includes a video ring video
doorbell for the front door and rings
stick up cam with wireless weatherproof
HD camera that keeps an eye on other
parts of your property again ring calm
is one of these advertisers I have it's
so good that actually spent my own money
on their product I went out and bought
extra product from them because I I
believe in their product so much ring
calm is the place to go and use / Ben
ring.com / Ben you get 150 dollars off
of that ring of security kits that's
pretty significant discount ring calm /
Ben millions of homeowners including me
use ring use ring calm / been for that
promotional discount okay tell us to get
to today your trip hero show we begin
you know I will just play the good from
bad Trump theme upfront because that's
basically the theme the program so we
may as well just have fun with it
yay good Trump bathroom
woo ok so we start with good Trump so
good Trump is really sort of mediocre
Trump and that is Donald Trump in the
whole Taiwanese debacle so the media are
really over playing their hand here the
media are making a huge deal out of the
fact that Donald Trump picked up the
phone when the presidents of taiwan call
as i say they're really only three ways
that to break this down way number one
he's adult and he just picked up the
phone not knowing who's on the other end
unlikely possible possibility number two
he has a cohesive thought-out policy
he's trying to take off the chinese he's
trying to tell them that he will not be
stopped by their by their aggression
that would be really good way number
three is that he's actually saying all
these tough things about taiwan because
he wants to broker a better trade deal
with China still not my favorite thing
because that would basically be using
Taiwan as a chit in some sort of trading
game not my favorite thing but we don't
know the answer to any of this yet so we
can sort of hold off judgment is it good
is it bad we don't know so this is sort
of mediocre Trump Mike Pence hits it
right on the head the vice president's a
lot to get right on the head when he
says listen all you people in the media
you're going nuts over this stuff but
the fact is that and what he did with
you but you were fine with it it's a
little mystifying to me that President
Obama can can reach out to a murdering
dictator in in Cuba in the last year and
be hailed as a hero for doing it and
president elect Donald Trump takes a
courtesy call from the democratically
elected leader in Taiwan and it's become
it's become something of a controversy
or anything okay and that's exactly
right the fact is that the media were
head over heels when Barack Obama
trotted out a literal fiction to them
about the Iran deal they were they were
just in love with Obama even though the
bottle on attack was happening in France
at the same time that Obama was visiting
Cuba he went to a baseball game they
were cool with that the media have been
fine with every stupid thing that Obama
has done his entire presidency and so it
seems a little bit hypocritical for them
to get so upset now now one of the
things I'm gonna say on the program
today and this is a consistent principle
I feel like we sort of have to in the in
the aftermath of Trump's victory we sort
of have to go back to first the moral
principles in order to determine how
we're gonna cover this right because the
fact is the way I see it we don't root
for politicians here on the baton
Schapiro show we don't because this
isn't a sports game okay I'm not
interested in the personal victory or
loss of Donald Trump and
more interested in the principles I
espouse and whether he represents them
now that he's president selected I would
like him to all of the good conservative
things he promised and some good
conservative some like see him not to
silly things so what I've said I said
this on Twitter over the weekend this is
not baseball right don't worry for the
team for the principal casts on one
number two a game that we should not get
in the habit of playing is the game well
I'll start worrying about from doing
acts when the Democrats stop doing acts
right so I'll stop worrying about from
being amateur when the Democrats stop
being amateur esque okay this is this is
pure I'll logic it's childish logic I
should be worried about the
president-elect of the United States
doing things I don't like whether or not
the Democrats are doing things I don't
like I assume the Democrats and the
media will do things I don't like so
when we get too bad Trump in just a
second I'm gonna explain but this sort
of this sort of silly logic which
doesn't make any sense this notion that
when Trump does something bad it's okay
because Democrats have also done that
bad thing it just doesn't work I don't
like that argument in any sense but my
pence is right that the media's
treatment of the pence is right in the
sense that immediate ease treatments of
Obama their willingness to overlook all
of his foreign policy sins and then call
it crazy just crazy when Trump picks up
the phone with Taiwan that's that's
totally out of their they're out of
their minds John Bolton who's up for
Secretary of State he visited I guess
from okay or on Fridays he sort of back
in the mix they announced by the way
they're a bunch of new people who are up
for it also they said John Huntsman a
former ambassador to China under
President Obama that he might be out for
if he came out today and came out in
favor of what Trump had done with Taiwan
arrest Tillerson who's the CEO of Exxon
very warm toward Blatter Putin and he's
up for Secretary of State Dana
Rohrabacher who is a congressman from
California nice guy very Brooks very pro
Putin he's up for Secretary of State
apparently and so the field expands now
I really think that we're gonna end up
with somebody who's in the original
field I think this is sort of a trumpian
reality TV show moment where he just
expands the fields and week five of the
reality TV show and witness it back down
to the person that you thought was gonna
win all along my guess is that in the
end this is gonna come down again to
John Bolton regionally on a Mitt Romney
is some of the original picks but I
could be surprised obviously this is why
they lose why reality TV shows got good
ratings because we don't know what's
happening next anyways Bolton said that
Beijing should not decide who we get to
talk to and what Trump to
just fine the President of the United
States should talk to whomever he wants
if he thinks it's in the interest of the
United States and nobody in Beijing gets
dictate who we talked to and Trump
echoed down on Twitter I think that's
right
listen if he picks Bolton for Secretary
of State I'm a happy camper Bolton that
state matters the defense that would be
terrific but but then we start getting
to then we start getting to bathroom
then we start getting to bathroom and
bad Trump is the stuff that he's been
doing about the economy so I mentioned
last Thursday we talked about it see all
that he did with carrier where he
basically wheedled threatened cajole
them into keeping a thousand jobs in
Indiana and then everybody wants yeah
Donald you did a great job keeping a
thousand job and I said hold up a second
we have to figure out how he kept a
thousand jobs there and if you kept a
thousand jobs there in a bad way that is
something that we should call out
because again I'm not in the business of
it's okay when Democrats do it it's bad
when Democrats do it but it's okay when
we do it that's not something I'm
interested in Barack Obama regularly
threatened companies insurance companies
banks the the auto manufacturers he
threatened them on a regular basis all
the time and by threatening them can you
get them to do what he wanted and I
would say that's economic fascism
because that's what it is if you look
back through shalini if you look back
today Hitler if you look back to any of
the Franco if you look at any of the
fascist states of Europe the way they
did business corporatism corporates ISM
was the idea that the government could
leverage businesses into doing what they
wanted and they can also bribe private
businesses into doing what they wanted
that's not something I'm for the
government has no place picking winners
and losers the government has no place
threatening businesses for engaging in
open market activity open market
activity free market activity makes
better products before jeepers before
consumers the idea of the carrier just
did something wonderful happen to
carrier because a thousand jobs stayed
in the United States not because of
lower tax rates not because of broader
better economic climate but just because
Trump basically threatened them that's a
very nasty thing and Trump basically
double down on that over the weekend so
over the weekend here are some of his
tweets he tweeted
wreck snort of Indiana is moving to
Mexico and rather viciously firing all
of its 300 workers this is happening all
over our country no more
this is economic fascism hey they're not
viciously firing their 300 workers
Donald Trump has fired workers before -
in fact as I recall his slogan on TV was
you're fired
if I get fired if you don't remember
that just look at an old tape from five
years ago three years ago right it was
you're fired
was he dishes dishes but according to
Trump it's vicious because he doesn't
want them to do it this is the language
of economics oh talent Arianism the idea
that you you're viciously firing your
worker to stinking rat season is
participating in a shift of jobs away
from expensive unionized areas out of
the country that by the way will keep
some people employed at rex nord in the
united states the alternative presumably
is for them to continue to shell out
large dollars for these unions to shell
out large dollars for these jobs never
to outsource to go out of business and
everybody's unemployed anyway and the
American company no longer produces
products for people that are good and we
no longer get any tax revenues so those
are the alternatives okay the way the
free-market economics works you're going
to move your your jobs the jobs are the
cheapest and the best that's a good
thing it means that people get to
consume products at a better price it
also means that those companies stay
competitive in the global marketplace
which allows them to grow and thrive
no company grows and thrives simply
based on protectionism the minute that
the tariffs are taken away they collapse
that's exactly what happens the auto
makers in the 1950s 60s and 70s in the
United States we used to be the world's
dominant auto makers in the 70s and the
60s their high their severe
protectionism was put in place for the
auto industry's unionization took place
really really bad union contracts were
signed and then when those protections
were removed then the auto industry
basically collapsed with all the Toyotas
flowing into the country that's what
happened to the auto industry firms all
that does is build up these bloated
overweight industries that are shimmed
as soon as they have to enter into a
global marketplace but here is Trump
targeting rest nord saying they're
viciously firing like they're sitting
around like the boss they're sitting
around the bone you know what it'll be
cheaper to keep the jobs here in Indiana
but screw that screw those workers you
think those guys fire them all let's go
to Mexico nobody does that but this sort
of language this charged language was
populist nonsense
it really is trying to grow and then
Trump continued here's some more of his
tweets he tweeted and this was his
policy tweets this is nonsense it says
the u.s. is going to substantially
reduce taxes and regulations on
businesses
but any business that leaves our country
for another country fires its employees
builds a new factory or plant in the
other country and then thinks it will
sell its product back into the US
without retribution or consequence is
wrong and language punishment again the
federal government is going to punish
you for engaging in free-market activity
and I wonder if he's gonna punish all
the auto companies for moving jobs out
of Detroit even if they went bankrupt
says there will be a tax on our soon to
be strong border of 35% for these
companies wanted to sell their products
cars AC units etc back across the border
this tax will make leaving financially
difficult but these companies are able
to move between all 50 states with no
tax or tariffs being charged please
before we learn prior to making a very
bits making a very expensive mistake and
then all caps the United States is open
for business I said this is like
building an economic Berlin wall and it
is the idea is to keep the business
inside the United States even at the
cost of bankrupting the business right
because the only way that you're gonna
be able to make the businesses in the
United States competitive if you tell
them they can't outsource their labor is
by increasing tariffs on foreign
products right increasing the tax on
foreign products which means you and I
all the consumers we have to spend lots
and lots of money to keep these jobs in
the United States okay which is stupid
because the jobs stay in the United
States in different sectors that doesn't
mean everybody's a winner in the global
economy of course that's not true
it doesn't mean every sector as a winner
in the global economy of course that's
not true at the beginning of the
Republic 90% of the people living in the
United States we're farming today it's
3% what happens all the farmers while
they paid in the global economy they did
well what happened to all the people who
manufactured the the wagons that
preceded the cars well they all went out
of business does that mean that we ought
to just put tariffs on cars and destroy
the car industry to make sure that the
wheelwrights Union still gets their pay
of course no that's silly
and if we really want to make sure that
quote unquote jobs stay in the United
States regardless of the quality of jobs
or the quality of the product what we
really should do is beyond technology
Amazon duh
just these really amazing grocery stores
where apparently you can walk in your
products off the shelf stick them in a
bag and walk out you don't have to pay
they get the computers are able to to
gauge what products we took and then
just charge you to you directly so you
never have to worry about a checkout
line you don't have to worry about
waiting in line or even self scanning
you don't have to do any of that stuff
anymore which is super cool presumably
Trump would want to ban that kind of
stuff or if not he'd have to explain why
this is different
he'd want to ban that sort of stuff to
make sure that the groceries still
haven't are able to hire nope lots of
people this is the problem okay the
purpose of an economy is not to create
jobs the purpose of an economy is to
create the best products at the lowest
possible price and that in turn creates
jobs because in order to create those
products in order to have people who buy
those products you need to have people
who have jobs right but the idea that
you just want the only indicator of an
the health of an economy is the
unemployment rate is absolute stupidity
it's always been stupidity the Soviet
Union had 100 percent unemployment 100
percent employment rate a zero percent
unemployment rate and everybody was
impoverished Cuba has a 100% employment
rate because it's a communist country so
they can just force everybody into labor
or call them employees for sitting on a
park bench and playing dominoes
Bullington seven economies not to create
jobs the point of an economy is to
create products and services that you
and I want to trade with each other to
make both our lives better an economy
that only seeks to create jobs is not
worried about making everybody's life
better it's worried about making some
people's life better an economy that
worries about creating better products
and services
that's an economy that is a balanced
ristic economy where you and I can
engage in trade and barter and come up
with the best possible solutions for
ourselves that's a free market economy
Trump apparently is not super in favor
about this thing he says the very end
where he says the United States is open
for business let me tell you something
if I have an open for business sign on
my door usually there's not an asterisk
and then below that it's written and if
you don't come in here and do business
then we'll threaten you well if you come
in here decide the product is too
expensive then you leave will threaten
you
Trump wants his big beautiful Berlin
Wall of the economy and what's amazing
about this is that so many people are
falling into this so Mike Pence I'm
really disappointed in so far I mean he
was supposed to be the guy who we voted
for essentially right he was the one who
was going to make sure the conservatism
won the day in the end that was the idea
Pence is now fully embracing the
trumpian and not economics again they
have nothing to do with reality he
apparently said to the New York Times
last week quote the free market has been
sorting it out and America has been
losing and then
said every time every time nonsense
absolutely nonsense America's most
powerful country in human history not
because its protectionist okay
protectionist countries do not thrive
they don't I got into an argument with a
guy from MarketWatch about this over the
weekend I said name the countries that
have become wealthy based on tariffs and
building infrastructure
he said China and I said it's absolutely
false they had tariffs and they were
building infrastructure back during
Mao's day the difference is they
actually took some market liberalizing
steps they privatized a bunch of
property they privatized a bunch of
businesses and they still have
significant debt problems and they've
had to stock market crashes in the last
year the idea that the China is an
economic rival to the United States not
on a per capita basis they sure as hell
aren't and they enslaved a billion
people in order to do it in the Wall
Street Journal apparently Penn said
quote a trump White House would assume
any of the free market principles that
have guided prior Republican
administrations including injecting
itself into the personnel and long-term
operating decisions of individual
companies the economic effect it's no
different from what Obama has done it's
no different from what Hillary we've
done it's no different from what cassius
of the cast have done seriously
injecting the government its personnel
and long-term operating decisions of
individual companies of the individual
companies and then on Sunday here's what
Mike Pence had to say about Donald
Trump's economics think what you're
going to see and the president-elect
will make those decisions on a on a
day-by-day basis in the course of the
transition the course the administration
make these decisions on it on a
day-by-day basis isn't that picking
winners and losers I mean Sarah Palin
calls of crony capitalism no I don't
think it's picking winners and losers at
all what what what the president-elect
did with carrier would simply reach out
one American to another and just ask
them to reconsider he told them we're
going to do exactly what we said we
would do in this campaign we're gonna
make the American economy more
competitive we're gonna get tougher and
smarter on trade deals and that was
change circumstances from when there's
picking winners and losers we just
reached out one American to another
really it's a vibe called up Karen so
guys can you not shift those jobs down
south what I'd like for you to do is
instead to be sixty five million dollar
bonds and maybe get what seven million
dollars
that's benefits from the skin Vindhya
but basically these 58 million US as one
Americans one other I'm just asking you
know it turns out that that's not what
happened what happened here is that
Donald Trump called up Kerry are you
running that's what happened and what's
amazing is how many people are okay with
this it's all fine cuz Trump's big
victory guy comes the big victory guy
principles out the window we have to
root for Trump personally not for
principles who ought to see spouse we
have to move for him personally on a
personal level we have to sit here and
we have to pray for him to succeed not
for his policies to succeed but for him
personally to succeed so Glenn Reynolds
who I usually love when Donald's the
libertarian insta pundit here's what he
wrote celebrating the carrier deal quote
Trump went ahead and delivered a
conspicuously kept campaign promise that
benefits the little guy sends a signal
of caring that talk of macroeconomics
does not FDR knew this his medial
economic policies were mostly snake oil
according to a study by UCLA economists
they actually prolong the Great
Depression by seven years but FDR made
people feel like he cared even though he
was a rich man from New York who had
never been poor himself now another rich
man from New York seems to be repeating
the formula FDR gave the Democrats two
decades of political dominance today's
Democrats should be worrying Trump could
do the same for the Republican Party but
I would question publicans be worrying
that FDR is back in the White House
except he's calling himself a Republican
I mean come on he's I mean here he is
here is a libertarian Glenn Reynolds
openly saying Trump is engaging in FDR
knew got a new deal style snake oil
randomly he calls the snake oil but
that's okay because ELISA pisses off the
Democrats okay I don't care about
pissing off Democrats I care about doing
the right thing if that pisses off
Democrats that's their problem but this
is really dangerous stuff here's the
editorial board for investor's business
daily quota it does mouth carrier deal
it means an end to eight years in which
President Obama instead of supporting US
companies arrogantly slowed the business
leaders and treated business as a either
piggy banks to be rated Warner's enemies
to be brought to heel through
regulations and mandates wait wait the
carrier deal did that that's right
chunkies did that he just scolded a
business leader and then treated a
business as a piggy bank can be rated or
as an enemy to be brought to heel but he
just tweeted one second ago Rex Lord of
Indiana is moving to Mexico and
viciously firing its three hundred
workers did that sound like a guy who's
trafficking in the free market
that sound like that's you now again I
hope and I pray that Donald Trump
reverses himself on this but in order
for him to achieve that you want him
dead with sacks full presidency you need
no snake oil you need an economic policy
and favors free trade you need an
economic policy that doesn't favor the
sort of garbage and he's been selling
people I understand that he was lying to
people during the campaign you should
too he was when he was going into
blue-collar areas and saying I'm gonna
bring back all your jobs no cost we're
just gonna tariff it up the wazoo and
everything will be hunky-dory
that's not how economics works maybe
that snake oil salesmen it's not snake
oil and I'm in the business of trying to
tell the truth and I believe that the
American people when they hear the truth
will understand the truth because if you
don't believe the truth means anything
if you don't believe that the truth can
win out then what the hell are we doing
in this business why not should be
Democrats why not just lie to everybody
all the time why not sell them a bill of
goods that's never gonna come due and
then I guess we'll win a lot and yeah
we'll have 20 years of dominance but
this is this is just such a such
silliness by the way speaking of
silliness apparently if found cotrim
please remember Donald Trump said who's
gonna put his businesses in a blind
trust shouldn't be run by his children
all three of these kids are now moving
to DC so it's going to make that blind
trust kind of awkward and Ivanka Trump
met with Al Gore today at Trump Tower
and so apparently did Donald Trump
apparently had a long extensive meeting
about climate change beautifully now
we're gonna continue over at Selig
wired.com this brings us to the end of
Facebook and YouTube but you should
listen of course on Soundcloud night
tunes ends and we will get to to the
Democrats imploding also but go to daily
wire.com subscribe you subscribe become
an annual subscriber today then you
still get a free copy of my novel signed
but true allegiance been doing really
well and you're gonna want to check it
out plus you get access to the mailbag
you get to email me and we'll email with
each other same thing with with and
kleavon's show now you get rid of the
ads on the sites all those annoying
pop-up ads go I plus we have plenty of
goodies coming I think in the next few
weeks we're gonna have a shapiro
merchandise store which should be really
exciting you get big discounts if you're
with your manual member so go over to
Daley wired.com right now becoming the
annual member and and thank you for for
being part of the team that brings us
the the largest conservative podcast in
America
