the New York Times a former newspaper
has unleashed a blistering attack on
Donald Trump for talking to world
leaders in a manner that was not
approved by the New York Times a former
newspaper in an editorial pretending to
be a news story
Times editor blithering prevarication
the third lashed out at Trump for
talking on the phone with Taiwan
president sighing when the editorial has
said quote this phone call threatens to
infuriate the oppressive thugs in
mainland China by making them believe we
support freedom and stand against to a
complete reversal of the foreign policy
of the last eight years
unquote president-elect Trump sent out a
tweet describing the call saying quote
turns out president of Taiwan is a girl
wonder if she's cute some Asian chicks
are unquote Trump spokesman Ivan ulcer
later issued a clarification of the
tweet saying quote the two world leaders
had a wide-ranging conversation about
important issues they discussed whether
Chinese checkers are in fact Chinese
they mourned the depth of the guy who
invented General Tso's chicken and they
plotted an invasion of the Chinese
mainland they look forward to continuing
their friendship until everyone dies in
a fire a nuclear blast on quote New York
Times editorial also criticized
president electrons call with
Philippines president Rodrigo do tech
because doTERRA tea is a freewheeling
lunatic who once called President Obama
a miserable sob Trump tweeted after the
doTERRA call just got a call from some
crazy guy in the Philippines or
someplace wonder if he'd make a good
Secretary of State Trump spoke to him
also issued a clarification saying the
president-elect and do Ted had a polite
conversation but only reached agreement
on the fact that President Obama is
indeed a miserable sob finally The Times
launched a powerful attack on Trump's
talk with Pakistan's Islamic strongman
you're Sultan Nazarbayev saying quote if
this president is going to count out an
Islamic thugs we see no reason why
Barack Obama can't just go on being
president the rest voters just wanted to
change to Trump because he's a white
heterosexual on mr. Trump sends out a
series of tweets after the Pakistan
exchange saying quote just
their Sultan Nasser by EM didn't tell
him his name sounds stupid because he
has a nuclear arsenal presidential
exclamation point Trump's spokesman Ivan
also later made a statement on the call
by driving his car into a lamppost at
high speed while streaming out the
window that we're all doomed
mister also survived the crash and has
been offered a job at the Daily wire
Times editor blithering prevarication
the third continued to rave against
Trump that found that his voice kept
getting higher and higher and he kept
growing smaller and smaller until
finally he was only 2 inches tall with a
voice like a mouse that no one was
listening to he then woke up in a cold
sweat relieved to find it was only a
nightmare that got out of bed and looked
in the mirror only to discover that he'd
become invisible
he then woke up in a cold sweat a second
time only to find he was deemed ak' the
editor of the New York Times and all his
nightmares which room turned alarming
I'm Andrew Clavin and this is the Andrew
Clavin shelf
Dipsy Topsy is it easy it's all right
I'm here in New York you can tell by my
New York hat I have to let my friends
back in California know that I couldn't
hear the audio on that on the opening
song which will become a problem later
on so you might want to work on that you
can see I'm in my hotel room looks like
a set from long order it just needs a
dead prostitute to flesh it out a little
bit and a little bit under the weather
if you can hear that so I may lose my
voice at some point what we'll see later
on we will have our if our technology
holds up we will have our Nobel Prize
winning cultural correspondent Michael
Morris on top join us after the break
where we will lose you 15 minutes after
15 minutes we'll lose you on Facebook
and YouTube and you'll have to come over
to the Daily wire to hear the rest and
if you want to watch the rest you got to
subscribe and then you can be in the
mailbag which is uncomfortable and
cramped but you do get to ask questions
so let me tell you why
stick the stupid hat on all right I'm in
New York because it actually is a good
story I was I mean I always had a lot of
family here a lot of people I love her
in New York so I always have people to
see and it's been a very fun joyful trip
in a lot of ways but but I was invited
to come here to speak from the pulpit of
the church where I was baptized a very
beautiful you know what he will landmark
Church in New York but after the
election certainly maybe that's not the
right word leftist certainly leftist
powerful people at the church not upset
that I was becoming because of my
politics I obviously wasn't coming to
talk politics I was coming to talk about
our old friend uncle God but they got
upset because of my politics and said
that I shouldn't be allowed into the
pulpit I was offered they offered that I
could come and speak from another venue
after the service but I turned them down
saying I actually didn't want to come to
church and make everybody unhappy at
Christmastime and see look at all it
wasn't like a Shapiro thing where I was
to a university where their job is to
spread ideas I mean I would hate to
think that somebody would come to church
and was sick or in trouble or having
money problems or something and wanting
comfort at Christmastime and would come
and find that there was all this
controversy surrounding me but just to
let you know that that's what's
happening here and we still have the
open minded accepting inclusive left is
always with us even when we are with God
so instead since I had a lot of times on
my hands I did I do you have the picture
of me a trump tower I did drop by Trump
Tower and I am just to see if they
needed any help with the transition and
you know I keep hearing about all the
craziness here that people are going
nuts and it's all even obviously with my
church there was all this hysteria and
there's all these left wingers who are
just going absolutely out of their minds
about Donald Trump you can see it
obviously in the press but going outside
Trump Tower where they have to reroute
the foot traffic so the people only
people who are staying in Trump Tower
live in Trump Tower could get there you
have to walk around it across the other
side of the street everybody's being
very jolly and very polite very upbeat
mood there was one kook outside with an
anti Trump sign and he really did look
like a COO and other than that there was
just people kind of it was all very
exciting tap a president who's living in
midtown Manhattan so that was that was
really really interesting you know one
of the things about being in New York
then I always love and New York is a
tough city can because I can't stand the
noise and the you know how crowded it is
especially Christmas Sun is very
beautiful at Christmastime but New York
does make you love if you're like me
anyway it doesn't make you love the
multicultural fact of America you know
there's something about New York
capitalism the fact that people need to
make money so they have to be polite and
you just find everybody be very polite
very low booming every other person is a
different accent the Islamic driver a
cab driver who took me in from the
airport he came over there's a famous
place where you come over the hill and
you just see the Manhattan skyline
spread out in front of you and he just I
just heard
what a beautiful beautiful view you know
and it's a wonderful picture
you know multiculturalism at its best
and capitalism at its best because what
the cultural is really works for
capitalism is where people have to be
nice to one another in order to make a
living and so this one's me to our old
friend president-elect Donald Trump and
what I'm calling the now China Syndrome
I don't know if you remember the will be
the China Syndrome where there was a
damage to the nuclear reactor core and
the China Syndrome was the idea that the
core would melt down and go through the
earth and come out on the other side of
the earth in China so that was what I
was called the China Syndrome so now
what we have is every time Donald Trump
does something the media meltdown and
you know go through the earth at the
China in this case about China because
Donald Trump took a call from the
Taiwanese president sighing when and
this was supposed to be a horrible
violation of protocol because since the
seventies and eighties there's been this
thing called the one China policy which
is not it's an agreement between China
come what was known in communist China
and is now tyrannical sort of communist
China and Taiwan free China that there
is in fact only one China and it didn't
say was but it just is that that's the
policy what we agreed to
we agreed to the fact that they agree to
that we didn't say we agree with that
policy we just said we agree with that
and so we have limited our relations
with Taiwan with free Taiwan so was not
to upset the thugs who run China and
obviously Donald Trump took this phone
call and whether he didn't you never
know with Trump whether he's belong to
him into something because he doesn't
know any better but he does have this
guy and what some people Navarro
I think his name that's his China guy
you know his China adviser and he does
want to have better relations with
Taiwan and you know so this may have
been an actual policy it was definitely
a move
definitely a move to say to Barack Obama
he's done he's finished and that was
part of why the press is going so nuts
about it so George uh Columbus has the
vice president Mike Pence on that's
president elect Mike Pence on and he
says well isn't this apply
relation of the China policy pen says
one of the great responses ever to see
if you can play that I think the
American people want are encouraged
rather George to see the president-elect
Trump is is taking calls from the world
speaking to the world they know he's
going to be out there advancing
America's interests first with that
broad shouldered leadership that's
characterized his entire life but I
think it all begins with relationships
and and that was there was nothing more
than taking a courtesy call to
congratulations from the democratically
elected leader of time so no
implications for the one-china policy
well what will deal with policy after
January xx this was a courtesy call and
plus I have to tell you George's it it's
a little mystifying to me that President
Obama can can reach out to a murdering
dictator in in Cuba in the last year and
be hailed as a hero for doing it and
president elect Donald Trump takes a
courtesy call from a democratically
elected leader in Taiwan and it's become
it's become something of a controversy
of anything American people appreciate
the fact that that our president-elect
is taking calls from and reaching out to
the world and preparing on day one to
lead America on the world stage that had
to leave a mark on old George it says
you know Obama goes to Cuba and deals of
the murderous dictator becomes a hero
and Trump takes a call from the duly
freely elected president of a free
country
excellent excellent response from from
and of course from John Bolton who has
never you know never shy he was on Fox
John Bolton is my pick for the Secretary
of State for some reason he seems to
have moved from the top of the list he's
still talking to Trump he says but he
had this to say on the call well it's
ridiculous to think that the phone call
upsets decades of anything but I do
think it's important that people
understand the President of the United
States should talk to whomever he wants
if he thinks it's in the interest of the
United States and nobody in Beijing gets
dictate who we talked to my view has
been for some time that we should be
upgrading our relations with Taiwan and
I know that's going to cause heartburn
in Beijing but it's a reality this is a
nation of over twenty million people
they have a democratic government a free
press free market they meet all the
custom
marry international law definitions of
statehood so when a democratically
elected leader calls the president
United States I say you bet he takes the
call so these were really new voices
that were hearing we remember how Obama
started his presidency traveling around
bowing to people and apologizing to
people this is a new voice we are
hearing and it really is important and I
think that when the media go mad about
this thing for the party they're going
mad because they've gone mad
partly they go paying going insane
because they're just now insane and they
can never learning because Trump is
using Twitter to get around them and
they keep saying oh we need a free press
but the things we haven't had a free
press or we've had is Democratic
operatives with press cards selling us
the Democrat talking points so that you
know they're it's a little bit late to
whine about a free press yes we want a
free press we want to rebuild the Free
Press and they're only gonna be doing
that when they start to hire when the
people at the New York Times CBS ABC NBC
CNN start to hire some conservatives to
start to have some balance for party I
don't care about this all the way let's
go back to building because he's talks
about the fact that China has been you
know judging and weakness of our
leadership has been getting increasingly
aggressive with Taiwan and making a lot
of noise about more community on them
and so this was a good response honestly
I think we should shake this
relationship up for the past several
years China has made aggressive I would
say near belligerent claims in the South
China Sea they've declared it to be a
Chinese province they've established a
provincial capital and what that means
is they're taking a vast amount of water
out of being international waters or
waters where there's a right of innocent
passage and making it into Chinese
territorial waters they're trying to put
their hands around the throats of the
economies of Japan South Korea Taiwan
and others is a direct impact on the
United States they also think tywanza
province you want to talk about
provinces China will talk I would love
to have this guy as Secretary of State
this would be a really a new chapter for
us but this what he's talking about is
the aggression in the China Seas that
this is one of the reasons that Obama's
neglect of our Navy has been so
important so such a really bad thing to
do you know you forget
because we're so advanced you know we go
to the moon and we have these jets
flying all over the place
you forget that most should be most
power is still sea power and because or
maybe is so far advanced I mean it's so
far advanced over other navies we are
set to basically rule the world to
dominate the the foreign policy scene
for the next hundred years because of
our Navy and Obama has been allowing our
Navy to rot while China has been
building its Navy up knobbing the things
or what he's talking about is really
important you know it's important that
we start to take it this new aggressive
that no sabre-rattling attitude but an
aggressive added we're coming to the end
of our 15 minute break so we're gonna
have to say goodbye to Facebook and to
YouTube come over to the Daily wire and
you get to see a Nobel Prize winning
cultural correspondent Michael Knowles
and we'll finish this conversation about
what I think Trump is up to
