hope you guys had a great weekend I I
had a good weekend as you can see I'm
showing off my Ravens pride here a
little bit Ravens had a big big win over
the Denver Broncos and I think after
that performance my Baltimore Ravens are
probably the best team in not only in
the league now but probably the best
team in the history of professional
sports so and then if they if they lose
next week against the Steelers then then
they'll be the worst team in my mind and
that's that's what if you're if you're a
sports fan it's a very bipolar
experience because your team is always
either the best team or the worst team
recently the Ravens have been the worst
team a lot because they've been losing
quite a bit but anyway hope you guys had
a good weekend so let's talk about well
it was clear to any observant person
that the Democrats were stalling last
last week to give themselves more of an
opportunity to conjure up another
accuser against Brett Kavanaugh and all
of the back-and-forth about the
particulars relating to Kristine for
testifying the discussions about who
would go first about how many commit
cameras would be there about you know
about all that kind of stuff about
whether Kristine Ford should have to fly
because apparently at the last minute
she decided that she's afraid of flying
you know all of that was nothing but a
delay tactic and a transparent delay
tactic to give the Democrats more time
to do what they did last night and what
they did last night is they whipped
together another accusation and guys
this one is even flimsier than the first
one I mean this one makes the first one
seem credible by comparison and I didn't
think the first one was all that
credible in the first place well
actually we have two new accusations
sort of okay so um the first one Michael
avenatti the stormy Daniels lawyer the
creepy porn lawyer as Tucker Carlson
called him he is now claiming that he is
aware of quote significant evidence that
Kavanagh was basically the ringleader of
some kind of like
rape gang that would go around to house
parties in the suburban DC area in the
80s and they would just take turns
raping women this is what he's this is
what he's now claiming we should also
mention if it wasn't clear already that
Michael avenatti
is quite possibly the scummiest person
on the political scene today and that as
you know I mean that is saying something
he's got a lot of competition for that
title especially in his own party but
even in the other party as well but but
I think that quite possibly is true now
we'll just we're just gonna ignore his
accusations and and move on to the piece
published by The New Yorker written by
Ronan Farrow who is the guy responsible
for a lot of the different me two
reports on you know he's reported on
several high-profile me two cases and
usually his reporting has been pretty
solid this though this is not solid now
I'm gonna go through some of this New
Yorker article and we will analyze it
together because I want you to if you
haven't read the article I want you to
just get an idea I want you to
understand to kind of see just how
desperate and dishonest the opposition
to Kavanagh has become because what's
happened to Kavanagh now this makes this
makes the Robert Bork treatment look
gentle by comparison so we're gonna have
to change the name because you we used
to say that if a if a if a Supreme Court
nominee is destroyed by the other party
we say he got borked well now we're
gonna have to say Cavanaugh even though
Bork you know the last name Bork makes
for a better verb then borked sounds
better than Cavanaugh but this is this
this I think is even worse than what
happened aboard so let me read a little
bit from this piece it says the woman at
the center of the story deborah ramirez
who is 53 attended Yale with Cavanaugh
where she studied sociology and
psychology later she spent years working
for an organization that supports
victims of domestic violence The New
Yorker contacted Ramirez after learning
of her possible involvement
in an incident involving Cavanaugh the
allegation was also conveyed to
Democratic senators by a civil rights
lawyer for Ramirez the sudden attention
has become has been unwelcome and
prompted difficult choices she now it's
it's it's been reported elsewhere that
she came forward with his story when
Democrats came looking for it which
shouldn't be a surprise they've been
looking for this dirt and so that's why
she's speaking now she was at first
hesitant to speak publicly partly
because her memories contained gaps
because she'd been drinking at the time
of the alleged incident and her initial
conversations within the order she was
reluctant to characterize Cavanaugh's
role in the alleged incident with
certainty after six days of carefully
assessing her memories and consulting
with her attorney
Ramirez said that she felt confident of
her recollections to say that she
remembers Kavanagh had exposed himself
at a drunken dormitory party party
thrust his penis in her face and caused
her to touch it without her consent as
she pushed him away Ramirez is now
calling for the FBI to investigate
Cavanaugh's were all in the incident now
if you please can we go back and hone in
on this for just a minute where she says
in her initial conversations with The
New Yorker she was reluctant to
characterize Cavanaugh's role in the
alleged in civil certainty after six
days of carefully assessing her memories
and consulting with her attorney she
then decided that Kavanagh was the guy
so this is a drunken memory from 35
years ago up until this week she wasn't
sure if Cavanaugh was involved at all
but after talking to her lawyers for six
days and assessing her memories she
decided that he was
Wow so so what is this is this is like a
repressed memory that her lawyers were
able to bring to the surface
what was it hypnosis I mean how did they
get this memory out of her mind is that
what this was now never mind the fact
that the whole idea of repressed
memories is bogus
but even if because that's you know
that's something that I feel like that
that idea of repressed memories is kind
of plays a part in this in how the
public view
is the Cavanaugh situation you know when
you hear about a woman who says this
thing happened but she didn't remember
the details until just now and and then
we think well oh yeah let's like a
repressed memory but we're getting that
from TV shows and from movies in
Hollywood in reality that doesn't
actually exist you're not gonna have
someone who was traumatized by an event
but then but doesn't remember and then
all the sudden years later it just pops
- they're into their mind because of
some jostling usually from a therapist
but in this case from a lawyer it
doesn't really work that way in fact in
in in you know most of the time if
somebody is traumatized not only do they
not forget it but they have the opposite
problem where they replay it in their
mind a hundred times a day for the rest
of their life but that's that's often
how this goes but in this case we're
told well we aren't told that she forgot
the entire incident she remembered it I
guess but she didn't remember who it was
that actually you know did this thing
until now so I guess that was a
repressed memory so going back to the
article says Ramirez said that when both
she and Cavanaugh were freshmen at Yale
she was invited by a friend on the
women's soccer team to a dorm room party
she recalled that the party took place
in a suite at Lawrence Hall in the part
of the Yale known as the old campus and
that a small group of students decided
to play a drinking game together we were
sitting in a court in a circle she said
people would pick who drink Ramirez was
chosen repeatedly she said and quickly
became inebriated at one point she said
a male student pointed a gag a gag
plastic penis in her direction later she
said she was on the floor foggy and
slurring her words as that male student
and another stood by a third male
student then exposed himself to her
quote I remember a penis being in front
of my face she said I knew that's not
what I wanted even in this even in that
state of mind she recalled remarking
that's not a real penis and the other
students laughed at her confusion and
and taunting her one encouraging her to
kiss it quote unquote
kiss it she said that she pushed the
person away touching it in the process
Ramirez she was raised a devout Catholic
and Connecticut said that she was shaken
quote I was I wasn't going to touch a
penis until I was married she said I was
embarrassed and ashamed and humiliated
she remembers Cavanaugh standing to her
right and laughing pulling up his pants
Brett was laughing she said I can still
see his face she recalled another male
student shouting about the incident
somebody yelled down the hall Brett
Kavanaugh just put his penis in Debbie's
face she said quote it was his full name
I don't think it was just Brett and I
remember hearing and being mortified
that this was out there okay um and yet
after several days of considering the
matter carefully she said I'm confident
about the pants coming up and I'm
confident about Brett being there okay a
few things to unpack here first of all
the woman says she was lying on the
floor drunk so she's completely wasted
foggy and slurring her words the article
says but notice the passive way that
this is worded she quickly became
inebriated is what it said as if it was
something that just happened you know
outside of her control not a decision
that she made anyway um
second she calls on her a devout
Catholic faith you know as part of this
story yet she also admits that she was
lying on the floor drunk at a party with
a bunch of college boys and look people
get drunk at parties in college I'm not
gonna call her character in a question
for that but it's just you can't really
fall back on the I was just a good
Catholic girl thing given the context I
mean it seems like she added that in as
a way to kind of bolster her credibility
but yet given the context it's just it's
it's hard to make that case third thing
she says she remembers someone shouting
Brett Kavanaugh put his penis in WC face
but then she also has been saying this
whole time that she wasn't really sure
if Kavanaugh was the one who did this
now that doesn't really make sense
because if she really remembers someone
literally shouting Brett Kavanaugh did
this thing like his full name then she
wouldn't have any doubts that Brett
Kavanaugh did this thing the fact that
she does have doubts even now it seems
would seem to indicate that this part of
the story the part about the person
shouting is must not have really
happened because if she 100% remembers
that that somebody shouted then she
should be 100% confident about this
whole story which she isn't and then
forth the only thing she seems to be
confident about is that the pants came
up and Brett Kavanaugh was there so in
summary she says okay I'm confident that
the pants were coming up and Brett
Kavanaugh was there that's not the same
thing as saying I'm confident that Brett
Kavanaugh was the one okay now we get
really to the crux of the matter here
going back to the article says The New
Yorker has not confirmed with other
eyewitnesses that Cavanaugh was present
at the party the magazine content
contacted several dozen classmates of
Ramirez and Cavanaugh regarding the
incident many did not respond to
interview requests others declined to
comment or said they did not attend or
remember the party a classmate of
Ramirezes who declined to be identified
said that another student told him about
the incident either on the night of the
party or in the next day or two
the classmate said that he is 100% sure
that he was told at the time that
Cavanaugh was a student who expose
himself to Ramirez he independently
recalled many of the same details
offered by Ramirez including that a male
student had encouraged Kavanagh as he
exposed himself the classmate liked
Ramirez recalled that the party took
place in a common room in the first
floor an entryway B of Lawrence Hall
during their freshman year okay so no
eyewitnesses confirm the story some have
disputed it but they did find a
corroborating story from an anonymous
person which was relayed secondhand so
this is a person doesn't to be
identified but they say that someone
told them that this thing happened
now let's look at this statement from
the article it says in a statement two
of those male classmates who were Mira's
alleged were involved in the incident
and the wife of a third male student who
she said was involved and three other
classmates disputed Ramirezes accounts
of the event one of them says quote we
were we were the people closest to Brett
Kavanaugh during his first year at Yale
he was a roommate to some of us and we
spent a great deal time with him some of
us were also friends with Debbie Ramirez
during and after her time at Yale we
could say with confidence that if the
incident Debbie alleges ever occurred we
would have seen or heard about it and we
did not the behavior she described will
be completely out of character for Brett
in addition some of us knew Debbie
Debbie long after Yale and she never
described this incident until Brett
Supreme Court nomination was pending and
then and then we also hear from a former
friend of Debbie Ramirez who was married
to the classmate alleged to be involved
and she says and she said that look I
was best friends with Ramirez during
school and we shared all these different
intimate details of our lives with each
other she never mentioned that she never
said anything about this okay so there
you go multiple alleged eyewitnesses
contradict her account a friend of
Ramirez contradicts it so again we have
no evidence no corroborating accounts
several contradictory accounts and
somehow the New York earth considered
this fit to print I mean it's it's
remarkable and of course we again ask
ourselves even if this was true which
there's no reason to think it was true
but even if this incident even if this
drunken incident did occur between all
these drunk people at a college party
where Brett Kavanaugh you know pull his
pants down does that matter now
35 years later does it have any bearing
on the fact you know on whether or not
he is capable of being a competent
Supreme Court just
and for this story even more than for
the other one
I I say certainly no it doesn't really
have any bearing true or not and again
there's no reason to think that is true
but sure or not I just don't see how
this has any impact whatsoever on
whether or not he would be a reliable
Supreme Court justice and it's also
heart knew now now we're told I guess
that this has traumatized her that she's
you know be traumatized fort by it for a
whole life but that's kind of hard to
believe - I gotta be honest with you
because for one thing up until this week
she didn't even remember if Brett
Kavanaugh was the guy again that is not
it's not generally how it works if
somebody traumatizes you does something
that traumatized you you're gonna
remember them now you may be may be
foggy on some other details but you're
gonna remember who did it and then we
also have this last thing from the
article that I'll read
she's Ramirez said that she continued to
socialize with one of the male
classmates who had egged on Cavanaugh
during the party she invited the
classmate to her house for Thanksgiving
after he totally had nowhere to go
she also attended his wedding years
later as a gift guests of his wife and
said that she posed for photographs with
Cavanaugh smiling okay but so so again
with it so she was supposedly
traumatized by this event yet she was
still friends with at least one of the
guys that was involved four years after
the fact never said anything to about
but you know never mention this story to
anybody
was friends with it with this guy and
now all the sudden it's changed the
article also says that Ramirez said that
she remains silent about the matter and
did not fully confront her marek
memories about it for years because she
blamed herself for drinking too much she
says even if I did drink too much any
person observing it would they want
their daughter their granddaughter with
a penis in their face
while they're drinking that much she
said I can say that at 53 but when I was
19 or 20 I was a vulnerable I didn't
know any better
reflecting on the incident now she says
she considers Cavanaugh's male
classmates culpable they're accountable
for not stopping this she said however
what Brett did is the worse
she added what does it mean that this
person has a role in defining women's
rights in our future okay so two to two
last things first of all she gives away
her political motivations with that last
line yeah you know he's gonna have a
role in defining women's rights so
obviously there's a pro-abortion person
she's a registered Democrat so this is
this is she at least is partially
politically motivated which could
explain how you know the that could have
factored into this some epiphany that
she's had this past week about the fact
that Brett Kavanaugh was was involved in
in her mind she thinks that Brett
Kavanaugh is a threat to her to her very
human rights as a woman which he's not
but that's what she thinks so it seems
like she would have a very powerful
subconscious motivation at least
subconscious motivation to put Brett
Cavanaugh's face onto this situation
even if he wasn't involved but the
second thing is you know and this
doesn't really matter but you see how
she takes absolutely no responsibility
for the fact that she got wasted at the
party she says I didn't know any better
well okay well can Brett CAV and I'll
use that excuse I mean look the whole
thing is is is kind of a joke at this
point what Republicans need to do is
they just need to confirm Brett
Kavanaugh and be done with this they
need to grow a spine and say you know
what we're done well we're not doing
this anymore we are not going to just
sit here and wait while the Democrats go
around trying to dig up whatever
skeletons or imagine the skeletons they
can find so they can parade them in
front of the media
we're not gonna sit
waiting for them to do that we're not
gonna give them another week or two
weeks to to go and see if they could
find even more accusers and even more
accusations from drunken parties 35
years ago that's what the Republicans
should say we're not gonna do that we're
just going to confirm him and if you
don't like it too bad that's all
Supreme Court is not an elected position
so Brett Kavanaugh doesn't need to be
popular it honestly doesn't matter what
how people feel about it that's what the
Republicans need to say but they won't
say it because they're cowards
so this spectacle will only continue
until Brett Kavanaugh until the
Republicans develop enough of a spine to
finally put an end to it which I don't
know if that's going to happen we'll
leave it there thanks for watching
everybody thanks for listening Godspeed
you
