the elections over Donald Trump is the
president-elect and many are saying this
is a repudiation of the media and the
elite a way of pouring hatred on them
like gasoline then torching the hatred
with the match of our anger and watching
as they go running from the New York
Times building in flames
and jump in the Hudson River to put
themselves out and then float out into
New York Harbor while we help them with
rotten vegetables and then wave to them
as they drift out to sea and then go
home and laugh about it many are saying
this is a repudiation of the Obama
administration a way of saying to the
president hey Barack if you like your
legacy
you can keep your legacy oops no you
can't sorry because everything you
accomplished with the pen can be struck
out with a pen and everything you
accomplished legislatively oh but wait
you didn't accomplish anything
legislatively so never mind about that
now let's say you pack up your left ISM
your executive orders your hectoring
speeches and your hatred of the country
that gave you everything you have and go
jump in the river so we can Pelt you
with rotten vegetables and watch your
drift out to sea then go home and laugh
about it still others are saying that
this is a gratifying failure for Hillary
Clinton that she corrupted every
institution she touched and her ravening
hunger for power that she lied to us
enriched herself off our public offices
that she emptied herself of every
principle to win the highest political
prize only to have it snatched snatched
from her clawed grasp so that we can not
only breathe in her despair like a fresh
perfume but drink her tears like golden
wine and dine on her suffering as if it
were a rich creamy chocolate cake or
maybe a nice read Hillary suffering
cheese spread on a Ritz cracker of her
despair with a whine of her tears on the
side whichever you prefer but I say it's
time to put the devices Mis aside and
join together in our common goal revenge
trigger warning
I'm Andrew Klavan and this is the Andrew
Clavin show
you wouldn't believe me when I said that
things were tickety-boo right well I'm
sorry I had to - that opening off it was
not my usual well-crafted opening but I
but I did want to say something you'd
say I you know it's a good day we have
our little meme on the Wicked Witch wow
wow what a day we're all exhausted we
were here I think eight and a half hours
we were on the air live amazing I am I
am feeling really good I got to tell you
you know I have never been dishonest
about my feelings about our president
elect Donald J Trump I have misgivings
about him but this is the way I feel
about it is this whatever he's done it's
wrong whatever he said that I didn't
like whatever record he has he has not
ever worked for me until now now he
works for me
now he is on my payroll starting today
and the things that he does these are
the things that I get to judge him on
because these are the things that I'm
paying for and that he does on my dime
as far as I'm concerned it's a blank
page no evil thing is written on this
page not one evil thing is written on
this page every day is a day and do I
have fears yes but I also have a lot of
hope for what's gonna happen I hope that
there will have a more constitutional
Supreme Court I hope we'll have an end
to all the executive orders that we had
from Obama including the the amnesty I
hope we will have an end to Obamacare
which is crushing people I hope we'll
have lower and simpler taxes I hope
we'll have less regulation I'm not an
isolationist which I Trump has
isolationist tendencies but on the other
hand George W Bush had
little bit of world-building tendon
season that has never been a
conservative principle conservatives
have always believed in a muscular
foreign policy but a reticent foreign
policy stay out of Foreign Wars if you
can you know we all followed george w
bush under terrible terrible to rest as
he made a very very big leap into the
world to try and clean up the the Middle
East a leap which ultimately has failed
as so far and if Donald Trump pulls that
back a little bit not a bad thing not a
bad thing but I think the thing the most
thing the biggest thing is we just have
to savor the fact that I'll talk about
this a little bit more as we start to
look at some of these speeches because
these speeches from like Hillary's
concessions concession speech in Barack
Obama's speech are just coming in as I
was coming into the office I saw some of
them I haven't even heard yet and we'll
go to those but I just want to point out
the election wasn't rigged it wasn't
widespread fraud there's always a little
fraud there's a country 300 million
people you know 100 and I don't know
what it ended up being 160 how many
people voted I'm not sure I'm not sure
within numbers or yet but you know there
wasn't it wasn't rigged the money that
we talked about all the money brought
Trump must have spent almost half the
money raised almost half the money that
that Hillary Clinton raised had less
with a ground game all those things that
we talked about didn't happen I mean
this has been this was an amazing
achievement it was a historic reversal
ahead and his store I hate that word to
store because they're usually they use
it about everything single thing that
happens but it was an amazing feat that
he took on he took on the Republican
establishment he took on the left-wing
establishment he took on people like me
who were really doubtful about him he
took on you know the media and
overturned them all on the strength of
the people and man oh man if you cannot
look at that and say what a great
country first of all this is the most
entertaining country on earth I mean you
know it really is true freedom is
entertaining this is the one thing about
a freedom is a million laughs it's like
the fact that that nothing comes out the
way you think it's going to come out the
fact that the people can just rise up
and tell all these stuffed shirts and
their offices in there you know with all
their
and their degrees and their rewards can
just tell him buzz off you know we don't
care what you think we're gonna do this
our weight it's a beautiful thing and if
you don't appreciate it on a moment like
this if you don't stop and just say for
a minute whoa you know this is cool this
is great then what are you fighting for
if you're not enjoying it what the hell
are you fighting for I mean this is an
amazing thing before we go into all
these cuts I just have to say one make
one personal comment about a year and a
half ago I guess it was we were we were
all doing this thing truth Revolt maybe
two years ago it and it got shut down
and ben and jeremy boring the god king
of the daily wire we were all doing this
together and it got shut down for
reasons of the doe matter and the
biggest fear that i had was that this
election which i just considered a
momentous election which of course
didn't look anything like i thought it
was gonna look like I was afraid that I
would not have a voice in this election
I would not be able to say what I say
which for whatever good that it does it
may only affect one person you know but
even that is is quite is quite an
impressive thing to do and may only
alleviate people's you know make people
laugh in moments of fear and despair
which is worthwhile I'm so grateful to
the people our overlords in Texas
the Wilkes who have allowed me to do
this and who have never ever told me
what to say or even when I know they
disagree with me that never shut me down
in any way I'm really grateful to Jeremy
boring for the work he does putting this
place together
it has he has done such an amazing job
building the daily wire which really
springs in a lot of ways out of his head
like Venus from the head of the Zeus
it's is it Athena maybe it's a theater
from heaven and yeah it is Athena from
that of Zeus it's a it's an amazing
thing that he has done and I am honored
I I'm honored if any of you listening
for this if any of you ever tell him I
said this I'll call you a lawyer but I'm
honored to be working with venture
Bureau we were here eight hours and I
just had a chance to marvel at what a
terrific you know it's a great
broadcaster that's a gift he has and
he's learned from he's learned to do it
better and better but he's also got a
man of substance and principle and that
to me is one of the joys of my life is
working with people and knowing people
of integrity that to me is a great thing
and
love it and some of you may say well as
he himself said well he got it wrong on
the numbers but getting things wrong is
not a sin and it's not a disease and you
don't die from it and I can speak from
experience because I was wrong I think
1967 it was we were all so wrong so
wrong so often in this election and you
know what that should tell you that
should tell you right the future isn't
written and we don't know it passed a
minute you know a minute all this stuff
about I always make fun of the global
warming guys with their computer models
because there's so many variables this
is true in politics it's true in life
it's true every single moment that
you're here and the result of that that
means on any average day because you
don't know what's coming on any average
day your hopes are just as justifiable
as your fears it doesn't mean you should
ignore your fears it doesn't mean you
shouldn't look you know look forward and
try and dodge the bad things in life
which is that's why you have fears
that's what they're there for but you
live into your hopes you live into your
hopes and I think I'm living into the
hope of this new administration with all
its fun hilarity and and all the things
we're gonna get to make jokes about I'm
living into the hopes of that and I have
hopes I know one of the big fears around
here and among conservatives is that
conservatism is going to be left in the
dust I have hopes that as we support
Donald Trump from the right and as we
oppose Donald Trump from the right a new
conservatism is going to come about
where we start to join with some people
who maybe we wouldn't have thought we
would join with before a new
conservative conservatism that's going
to include all these people who felt
left out of the old conservatism and
it's gonna maybe not be the perfect
pristine theoretical conservatism that
we all love but it's gonna be something
new and useful it is going to have worth
in this in this new field that Donald
Trump has essentially brought brought
into life it really is a different world
in a way it's not you know don't listen
to the triumphalism it's not a miracle
it's not you know the everything is
transformed forever this is an endless
football game it is an eternal football
game between freedom and slavery I would
say that we just scored a first down in
this endless football game for freedom
hurrah you know they're gonna score
first downs we're gonna score goals
they're gonna score go
it's all gonna be like that is every
blade of grass we fight over every blade
of grass it is totally worthwhile let us
take a look at Hillary Clinton's we all
will play some of trumps victory speech
but let's take a look I haven't really
seen this at some of Hillary Clinton's
defeats speech this morning our campaign
was never about one person or even one
election it was about the country we
love and about building an America
that's hopeful inclusive and big-hearted
we have seen that our nation is more
deeply divided than we thought but I
still believe in America and I always
will you know whenever candidates give
these speeches the concession speeches
or the word I'm looking for you're gonna
have to forgive me I think I've been
working on about an hour or sleep we
always whenever we see these candidates
give concession speeches everybody
always says the same thing boy if she
talked like that that through the race
she would have won this is everybody
says this whenever anybody gives a
concession speech and that is because
defeat is humbling and humility is kind
of a nice thing you know it's a good
thing this is a woman who's every dream
I mean they look at her face I don't
know if they can see the fray I mean
there's a woman who's every dream for
her entire life just got smushed and
just got shattered and we have made fun
of the fact that she has emptied herself
out for this ambition which ought to be
a lesson to all of us but but you know
everything that she has hoped for and
worked for every humiliation she's
endured by her from her husband by
Barack Obama has just been multiplied a
hundredfold and yet she's turning in
this fairly decent and fairly
open-hearted speechless here a little
more and to all the little girls who are
watching this
never doubt that you are valuable and
powerful and deserving of every chance
and opportunity in the world to pursue
and achieve your own dreams you know one
thing I have to say is her defeat you
know the New York Times had their
typical graceless op-ed where they start
out by saying this is a humbling rebuke
of the media it says in their op-ed this
is a humbling rebuke of the elite and
the media and then goes on to say well
misogyny played a role you know you
think like hey if you're if it was a
humbling rebuke be humbled be humble
because you know what misogyny played no
role in this women you know turned out
you know what is it what are some of the
numbers here the exit from the exit
polls these will get better as we go
along among white voters Clinton only
one among women with a college degree by
a fifty one to forty five percent margin
and and you know what that means don't
let your daughters go to college because
it makes them it makes them stupid but
actually you know from from whites
surprisingly given all the attention to
Trump's attitudes and behavior toward
women he did virtually as well among
white Republican women ninety-one
percent support as he did among white
Republican men 92 percent support
Clinton was more competitive among white
independent women than men losing to
trump by a forty nine to forty one
percent margin among independent women
and by fifty seven to thirty one percent
among independent men you know I just
don't think the fact that she's people
would elect a women woman and I think
women know that you know with Barack
Obama I always knew that we would elect
a black guy president I don't think
anybody really has any problem with that
anymore
and or did before Barack Obama was
elected but somehow the press convinced
us that we had to prove ourselves to
them and this time they tried it again
we weren't buying it we don't care what
the press thinks I think it's very very
clear that their power has been lessened
you know real it's real it's really
important and I talked about this a
little bit last night because we talked
about everything last night including
dr. strange you know the media's power
has always been
less than people fear but it has always
been increased by fear that is when we
sit around say well the press is going
to say this and the press is going to
say that it doesn't matter unless you're
afraid and the people who are afraid are
the guys in Congress and the guys in the
Senate who aren't commissioned you know
guys in the house weren't gonna shut
down the government because they're so
afraid that the press is gonna blame
them and then the people will blame them
well you know what you'd fight the press
you don't you know that's the thing that
Donald Trump did he fought the press I
remember sitting here and laughing out
loud when he said you corrupt guys in
the back great stuff and that resonated
with people and that is the stuff that
the Republican establishment the
Republican mainstream has not had the
guts to do and that is the power of the
press when that fear goes away the press
and their lives and they do lie and they
then and then after they lie they lie
some more and then they lie that they
lied and then they lie about lying about
lying they do that but the power of
those lies is the power of your fear
that they'll be believed and that is
what I think Trump stood up to hey we
got to say goodbye I think the Facebook
do we not yeah goodbye Facebook and come
on over and YouTube come on over to the
Daily wire and boy oh boy if if after
watching last night that it was a good
show it was a good show for eight hours
and after watching you don't subscribe
that's only one buck an hour you know
and if you subscribe for a year you get
Ben's novel which is really good I think
I once called it true alliance it's true
allegiance but I have read it and it is
incredibly entertaining and really fun
you get that you get a if you subscribe
for a year I think you also get a month
free anyway do it but come on over to
the daily wire and listen to the rest
for now
