with everything changing so fast it's
easy for a conservative to turn into a
cranky old stick-in-the-mud who's
forever saying things like get off my
lawn or hey stop taking all my rights
and freedoms away or if you steal my
Trump for president sign again I'll rip
your heart out with my bare hands and
feed it to your children for supper no
one likes a fuddy-duddy so we hear the
Andrew Clavin show occasionally like to
try to help you get hep to the jive with
some timely hints on how to live in our
confusing modern world today we'll deal
with pronouns in the old days pronouns
were easy men were men and women were
women and you could tell which were
which by the fact that men had facial
hair and said things like hey honey I'm
home what's for dinner and women had
bodies that made you forget your last
name and said things like I'm leaving
you to go live with Jane my women's
history professor and maybe that was
just the women I knew anyway
in those old days using pronouns was
simple if you were talking about a man
you simply used he and him as in if he
comes home and asks what's for dinner
one more time I'm going to leave him for
my women's history professor and if you
were talking about a woman you use she
or her as in she took all my money and
went off to live with her you may be
able to come up with sample sentences
that are more suitable for your own
personal situations but today men are no
longer men and women are no longer women
but frequently vice versa and so you may
find yourself at a loss as to how to
describe people when they're in the
third person or whatever other sexual
activities you may get up to it's not my
place to judge so let's turn to the
lesbian gay bisexual transgender
resource website where they deal with
these issues because I guess they have
nothing better to do if you are
referring to a man who identifies as a
woman you might want to use the
gender-neutral pronoun Z as in this
sentence Wow
Z is one strange-looking woman isn't Z
if that's what Z thinks a woman is I
think he may be kidding Z stuff
on the other hand you are telling you
you might this may be the end of history
if on the other hand you were dealing
with a woman who identifies as a man you
might want to use the pronouns a and M
in the sentence look as breasts is
finally if you are talking to someone
directly and you can't tell what gender
they are back away slowly while using
the pronoun V as in the sentence
via V in the girls locker room I will
call the police on V and they will take
you of a visible I hope I hope this
brief guide will help you how could it
help I'd help you will help you come to
terms with a new beautiful
rainbow-colored world full of diversity
and Psychopaths trigger warning I'm
Andrew Clavin and this I'm ashamed to
say is the Andrew Klavan shuffle
okay now let's go live oh wait
alright now that we now that we've
gotten through that humiliation
experience
it's the mailbag day all right so your
questions will all be answered
guaranteed the answers are guaranteed
100% correct 98.7 percent guaranteed to
change your life for the better but you
can't be on it unless you subscribe oh
there's my sound everything's wrong you
can't be on unless you subscribe then
you get to ask questions if you
subscribe for a year it's eight lousy
bucks a month and you get if you
subscribe for a year you get been
Shapiro's new novel true Alliance which
is I've read it and it's massively
entertaining and I should mention good
news my own memoir the great good thing
a secular Jew comes to faith in Christ
is on sale on ebooks they got a deal for
it says $2.99 on eBook so it can go on
Amazon and get it for your Kindle for
only $2.99 which is excellent other good
news the New York Times reported a
ninety five point seven percent fall and
quarterly profits so I guess I guess it
turns out that lying is not a good
business model
speaking of which new WikiLeaks emails
this is great WikiLeaks emails come out
and the in at the time this is from 2015
email from March 2015
incoming Clinton campaign chairman John
Podesta hears about the New York Times
has published a story that Hillary
Clinton may have had a private server
and he says we're going to have to dump
all those emails so better to do it
sooner than later okay so that's John
Podesta
so the Huffington Post now comes out and
says nothing this is not just nothing to
post The Washington Post says you know
John Podesta send an email to venerable
Clinton aide Cheryl Mills in which he
counseled we're going to have to dump
all those emails so better to do it
sooner than later the emails to which
Podesta
of course those that were stored on then
Democratic presidential contender
Clinton's private email sender but what
to make of the instructions to dump them
does Podesta mean that the email should
be dumb in some sort of landfill for
emails perhaps after loading the emails
into an email wheelbarrow hmm it's a
real thinker but the answer is no
Podesta wanted those emails disclosed he
wanted them to be released because
because that's how the Clintons operate
this is the Huffington Post Washington
Post said the same thing here's Charles
Krauthammer is responsible if you want
to release emails there was a word for
that it's called release he didn't use
the word release he used the word dump
dump means you're you're releasing
something but you're doing it in a way
that it will disappear now it seems to
me quite obvious what's going on here
the instinctive reaction of the campaign
again reflecting of the candidate
herself is to dump it's to hide to cover
that's been the way the Clintons have
operated for thirty years and that's
what they ended up doing they ended up
segregating 30,000 emails and then
destroying them so that if trey gowdy
said even God can't read them though
they're dumping the emails I mean when
when when when in the history of Hillary
Clinton's life did she ever disclose
anything I mean she lies about the
weather
you know she lies about anything so the
poles are going nuts now just six days
this is off our own sight the daily
water James Barrett with just six days
left until Americans go to the polls
Hillary Clinton's once commanding
national lead has collapsed less than
two points once hopelessly behind in the
electoral count Donald Trump has now
surged within striking distance Real
Clear Politics state poll averages puts
the electoral content contest at 273 to
265 in favor of Clinton which obviously
need 270 to win so she's still ahead by
virtually nothing and is still in play
why is it it's because you're a man it's
because you're our man and you don't
like women that's why here's but
co-pilots comes right from the president
hey I just want to say it to the guys
out there I want to be honest you know
there's a reason why we haven't had a
woman president before and I think that
sometimes you know we're kind of trying
to get over the hump
and-and-and we have to ask ourselves as
men because I hope my daughters are
gonna be able to achieve anything they
want to achieve and I and I know that
that my wife is not just my equal but my
superior
I want us
I want every man out there who's voting
to kind of look inside yourself and ask
yourself Aloha if you're if you're
having problems with this stuff how much
of it is you know that we're just not
used to it
so that you know like alright well you
know when a guy's ambitious and I'm the
public arena and working hard well
that's okay but but when a woman
suddenly does is something you're only
well why is she doing that so if his
wife is superior why is he present and
just just asking for a friend you know I
mean it's a so okay so this is let's
just stop from it this is what Donald
Trump is talking about let's hear what
Trump is talking about yesterday on the
campaign trail insurers are leaving
premiums are soaring doctors are
quitting companies are fleeing and
deductibles go through the roof workers
hours are being cut hiring is frozen
totally frozen and wages are being
slashed Obamacare means higher prices
fewer choices and a lower quality yet
Hillary Clinton wants to expand
Obamacare and make it even more
expensive she wants to put the
government totally in charge of health
care in America if we don't repeal and
replace Obamacare we will destroy
American health care forever it's one of
the single most important reasons why we
must win on November 8 who must go so
this is yesterday when the signups for
Obamacare started and people are looking
at these premiums that are smacking them
like a Mack truck just as evil
conservative said now remember
conservatives are all virtually right
about everything whenever when
conservatives tell you that because
they're pessimists and things go wrong
you know when when conservatives tell
you that something's not gonna work it
almost always doesn't work in Obamacare
is just textbook failing so that's what
Trump is talking about he's talking
about jobs he's talking about this
here's what Hillary out of yesterday
here's who introduced Hillary it was
Alicia Machado
former Miss Universe I was such a guest
an honor to represent my country when I
swear
and to be Miss Universe 1996 but I was I
was only 18 years old a little girl with
18 years old
and there was still so much I didn't
know drum was overwhelming I was scared
of him he made fun of me and I didn't
know how to respond he told me that I
looked ugly and I was massive
he even called me names he said to me
Miss Piggy means housekeeping means
healing machine
soon soon it became a joke Alysia my
shadow was that fat Miss Universe so
this is what their does we're talking
about Alicia Machado on the Clinton
campaign trail now she says she was
scared of Trump remember this is a woman
who was accused of driving the getaway
car while her boyfriend went to kill a
judge in Venezuela I went to try attempt
to murder a judge this is an AP story
there's not I'm not making this up she
was accused of of Drive you know driving
the getaway car while her boyfriend went
in plotted to kill a judge I don't think
the murder came off so how scared could
she have been could you've been alright
so in case you don't get the point now
this is what Hilary's talking about
she's talking about the same thing I
learned way back in elementary school
and I learned it at Sunday school
you know it's not okay to insult people
it's not okay and look at what he does
he calls women ugly disgusting nasty all
the time because women pigs rates bodies
on a scale from one to ten we just heard
from Alicia she was Miss Universe when
Donald Trump owned the pageant well he
said she put on some weight and it made
him angry so he called her Miss Piggy
called her miss housekeeping because
she's a beautiful Latina
he brought a bunch of reporters to a gym
to watch him order her around to
exercise now you know he also said this
is somebody who likes to eat well I have
to say who doesn't like Dave
we got it we got a lot more coming but I
gotta say goodbye to the people on
Facebook and YouTube because they
haven't subscribed if they had
subscribed they could be at the Daily
wire and watch the whole thing but you
can still come to the Daily wire and
listen to the whole thing so do that
because the mailbag is coming up and we
are going to answer everything
