well the last debate is over and
probably the election and the Republican
all our hopes and dreams
so as an official political commentator
licensed to look into the future it's
time for me to examine what is likely to
happen next in the event that Hillary
Clinton wins the presidency while
Republicans hold on to majorities in the
House and Senate then it seems probable
that the congressional investigations
will deepen into Clinton's misuse of
classified information her pay-for-play
corruption and her various acts of
perjury desperate to protect their
democrat cronies the mainstream media
will then attempt to discredit the
investigators by unearthing their
personal secrets whereupon they'll
accidentally stumble upon the fact that
Utah congresswoman Mia love has never
appeared simultaneously with North
Korean dictator Kim jong-un
when the story appears in the Provost
Gazette and Pennysaver congresswoman
love will rip off her full face mask on
the floor of the house and reveal
herself to be in fact a fat-faced Asian
lunatic who will start shrieking an
incomprehensible Korean as a signal for
the norc's to unleash a series of
nuclear attacks on the makers of the
seth rogen comedy the interview thus
destroying civilization and issuing in a
period of savagery during which small
bands of violent survivors will war over
Earth's remaining resources by engaging
in death races across a now wasted
landscape trying to slaughter one
another while driving jerry-rigged go
carts with flamethrowers mounted on
their frames those who lose the death
races will be used as human sacrifices
to appease the wrath of Glenn Beck who
will have been made emperor by virtue of
being the only person who remembered to
buy gold back will slowly be driven
insane by the knowledge every one of his
most catastrophic predictions has
actually come true and he'll make his
way into an American missile silo where
he'll guess that the launch sequence is
the six digits created when Joe Biden's
IQ is added to his zip code thus setting
off the missiles and initiating a
nuclear winter that will render earth
uninhabitable for a thousand years at
this point a crippled but still
breathing kim jeong-hoon
will drag himself out of his underground
bunker still wearing his Mia love skirt
suit for some reason only to discover
that the loan sign of human life
remaining is a half-buried TV set on
which the seth rogen sex scene from the
interview is playing on an endless loop
due to a bizarre mutation caused by
exposure to radiation kim jeong-hoon
will find himself unable to die and will
be forced to watch the scene for the
next 10 millennia until a living
creature evolves who is complex enough
to turn off the TV and then devour the
North Korean dictator who at that point
will be grateful for the agonizing end
of his existence which by extension will
be the end of all human life forever
in the event Hillary Clinton wins the
presidency and the Democrats take over
Congress then were totally screwed
Clavin and this is the actor Clavin show
so that opening was just like a ben
shapiro show in a typical day right I
think the openings this week have been
terrific who writes us oh wait never
mind not allowed to say ah speaking of
Ben Shapiro I think we're giving away
his novel true allegiance if you
subscribe so you should get that a
credit it's it's it's like his show
turned into a novel it's like every
worst-case scenario comes true it's
really entertaining so that's a good
stuff all right the last Andrew Clavin
show before the Clavin last weekend
begins so let's get some good stuff out
of it the debate last night who won
obviously Chris Wallace I mean they were
there were people tweeting I I think I
was one of them there were people
tweeting that he should be running for
president but just to be semi serious
for a moment it indicated something that
I've been saying for years to my liberal
friends my few remaining liberal friends
will speak to me that the Fox News
represented by Chris Wallace and Bret
Baier is the only good news source on
television not one of the best it is the
only good news source on television and
the reason it's so painful to watch all
the you know the things that are tearing
the place apart
Hannity going so far into the tank for
Trump and the sex scandals and all this
stuff is because if you want to get your
news on television watching Bret Baier
during the week in watching Chris
Wallace on Sunday is the only way you're
gonna get a fair and balanced report
because they actually live out the
meaning of who Fox News creed and in a
way it's kind of a shame I mean all all
conservative outlets do this they either
play so high that nobody but
intellectuals can get to them which
there's fine there's a place for that
the National reviews and all that and
the City Journal and all these these
things but or they place so low that
they discredit the rest of the the good
things that they do so you have guys
like Bill O'Reilly and Sean Hannity who
are doing a good job for their audience
but it's a different audience than the
audience that might well turn in Bret
Baier and say oh yeah that was a fair
news program that was that was pretty
good I mean even liberal
orders have looked at this and said that
so as you were watching Chris while he
made Lester Holt Martha Raddatz and
Anderson Cooper look like children they
looked like children when you compared
them to Chris Wallace he looked like a
grown-up in a suit and tie who has a job
as a journalist as opposed to Anderson
Cooper Martha Radice and Lester Holt who
looked like children throwing vegetables
at people they didn't like that's what
they look like they look like little
kids going we don't like you you know
Donald Trump we don't like you that's
that's what he made them look like and
that's what they are that's what they
are and of course the minute and as far
as the debate in my opinion Trump
crushed her I mean I hate both these
people so I looked pretty fair fair and
bout Trump crushed her on every he's a
lousy debater Trump is a lousy debater
he cannot keep a thought in his head and
he can't follow an argument to its
conclusion and that makes it hard for
him to actually put her away in the way
a good debater can put her away I'm I'm
not even a debate fan because I don't
care about winning and losing in an
argument I just the truth is so it makes
you a bad debater because some people
can make bad arguments really well but
but I just thought Trump crushed her and
she just lied and lied in lie now the
mainstream media is spinning this
because it was such a victory for Trump
such a total victory for Trump that the
mainstream media is spending this on one
thing he was asked if he would Trump
possessed if he would abide by the
results of the election and here was his
response there I want to ask you here on
this stage tonight do you make the same
commitment that you will absolutely sir
that you will absolutely accept the
result of this election I will look at
it at the time I'm not looking at
anything now I'll look at it at the time
what I've seen what I've seen is so bad
first of all the media is so dishonest
and so corrupt and the pile-on is so
amazing the New York Times they actually
wrote an article about it that they
don't even care it's so dishonest and
they've poisoned the minds of the voters
but unfortunately for them I think the
voters are seeing through it I think
they're gonna see through it we'll find
out on November 8th but I think they're
gonna see but sir there's a look excuse
me because if you look at your voter
rolls you will see millions of people
that are registered to vote millions
this isn't coming from me this is coming
Pew report and other places millions of
people that are registered to vote that
shouldn't be registered to vote so let
me just give you one other things I
talked about the corrupt media I talked
about the millions of people tell you
one other thing she shouldn't be allowed
to run its crook'd she's she's guilty of
a very very serious crime she should not
be allowed to run and just in that
respect I say it's rigged because she
should never trust she should never have
been allowed to run for the presidency
based on what she did with emails and so
many other things well you know
everybody all what a gaffe or a terror
you know the Republic depends on it on
this but as I say I said this yesterday
I've been trying to say this all week
you know once you use the IRS to silence
Republicans once you use the media to
silence conservatives once you use the
Justice Department to get your candidate
off on what are obviously crimes that
are indictable crimes once you you know
prevent cleaning up the voter rolls and
and art make a racial issue out of
whether people should have to show a
simple identification in order to vote
you can't then blame trunk for
undermining the democratic process I
mean maybe Trump is out of control maybe
he's a loose cannon he's certainly doing
it for selfish reasons we were just
talking to Jeremy boring the god-king of
The Daily wire back backstage and he was
said putting forward the idea that maybe
what he's doing here is launching his
media empire has the Trump Network he's
gonna say yeah the media so rigged but
now you can listen to the Trump Network
maybe so maybe he's doing it for all the
wrong reasons
but what gutted people's faith in our
governing system in our electoral system
is not Donald Trump he's just the
symptom he's just the voice of the anger
that people feel for this corrupt woman
who lies and lies and lies and then gets
a pass and becomes the nominee the
Democrats don't even fight about this on
our side we're all fighting you know
Shapiro is wrestling with this one and
that you know everybody's fighting each
other because we know we've got this bad
guy they've got this bad girl it's like
oh it's good
this is just the typical Democrat this
is the way we like it and now let's get
in let's go on from the stuff that the
media is trying to get everybody to look
at and look at some of the stuff the
lies this woman told that she tells me
without thinking you know cuz Wallace
kept it on the issues that was the best
thing about him he just you know he
didn't he went into the stuff about the
women and the emails and all that stuff
but basically the media are always
trying to make this it make every
election a battle between Democrat good
and Republican evil which is for
children they are children these are
children
you know the Martha Raddatz is that
Anderson Cooper's these are children
trying to make a fairy tale narrative
it's always about the policies because
none of these people's perfect are it
perfect or any good you know but it's
always about the policy so he talked
about the Supreme Court let's listen to
Hillary on the court but I feel that at
this point in our country's history it
is important that we not reverse
marriage equality that we not reverse
roe v-- wade that we stand up against
citizens united we stand up for the
rights of people in the workplace that
we stand up and basically say the
Supreme Court should represent all of us
that's how I see the court and the kind
of people that I would be looking to
nominate to the court would be in the
great tradition of standing up to the
powerful standing up on behalf of our
rights as Americans and I look forward
to having that opportunity I would hope
that the Senate would do its job and
confirm the nominee that President Obama
has sent to them that's the way the
Constitution fundamentally should
operate the president nominates and then
the Senate advises and consents or not
but they go forward with the process
okay so now Trump goes after and he goes
after her first on the second amendment
which apparently according to Wallace
was one of the questions people were
most interested in and he pointed out
that she got angry at the courts Heller
decision she said she disagreed with us
she did and here is her response on
health you mentioned the Heller decision
and what I was saying
that you reference Chris was that I
disagreed with the way the court applied
the Second Amendment in that case
because what the District of Columbia
was trying to do was to protect toddlers
from guns and so they wanted people with
guns to safely store them and the court
didn't accept that reasonable regulation
but they've accepted many others so I
see no conflict between saving people's
lives and defending the Second Amendment
hanck total lie total lie she went on
and on about toddlers and the safety of
toddlers toddlers we've got to keep our
time there are no toddlers in that the
word toddler doesn't appear for the
simple reason that it wasn't about
toddlers I mean I don't you know I I'm I
feel that this is why this is why
Hillary Clinton is for partial-birth
abortion you know because once the those
babies get out they start running around
you have to shoot him you know but she
wants to protect she wants to protect
the babies after they're born or at
least a few years after they're born
she's had nothing to do with this a guy
a special cop in Washington DC the
problem in Washington DC is we weren't
allowed to carry an unregistered firearm
but they prohibited registering a
handgun so essentially they made it
impossible to keep a handgun and this
special cop wanted to not just keep he
was allowed to carry the handgun he had
a special permit to carry the handgun
but he wanted to keep it at home for
home defense and they wouldn't let him
do it
and what Heller said was bait what the
Supreme Court said is went they
confirmed as they have confirmed again
and again and again that the right to
bear arms is a an individual right it
doesn't just mean a militia can bear
arms it means you can bear arms so when
Hillary was disagreeing what she's
saying is yes she's in favor of the
Second Amendment as long as it doesn't
allow you to have a gun you know that's
what she say you know yeah I mean I'm in
favor of the right to bear arms as long
as you don't have the right to bear arms
that's what she's saying
MECs lie abortion they go on from this
to abortion and this this was one of
trumps better moments because he started
talking about the nightmare the
nightmare that has partial-birth
abortion and you know one of the things
you hear about abortion people from
abortion people is is they're always
arguing about language
because if you say things the way they
are if you show people what an abortion
is and how an abortion is done at any
level if you show people what a 20 week
old fetus looks like a baby looks like
you know it people will not go for it so
they don't want to show you the true
they don't don't look don't look don't
here don't talk we're gonna have to stop
for a minute to say goodbye to our
friends on Facebook and YouTube but come
over the Daily wire and subscribe for a
lousy eight bucks you get me you get Ben
you get it's it's just a party over here
so come on over
