pretend for just a moment that the media
were not shilling on behalf of Hillary
Clinton she'd be in serious trouble but
the massive coordinated hit on Donald
Trump unleashed by the mainstream media
over his alleged sexual assaults and
harassment the quiet implosion of
Hillary Clinton's campaign has gone
unnoticed this week bill clinton called
trump's base quote your standard redneck
this would normally be relatively
crippling the Clintons have now declared
Trump's voters both deplorable and
redneck which isn't particularly smart
that however is the least of their
worries the Clinton team thanks to the
subservience of the media has been able
to escape talk of bills alleged sexual
assaults and Hillary's alleged cover-ups
with just a bit of head shaking and
tut-tutting when Trump campaign manager
Kellyanne Conway appeared on CNN with
Brianna Keilar and started attacking the
Clintons on these grounds Keeler brushed
her off and redirected to Trump Joy
Behar and Whoopi Goldberg spent their
day on the view on Monday mocking
Clinton's alleged victims but in the
real world we'd be taking wanita
Broderick every bit as seriously
actually more seriously since her
allegations are more serious than
Trump's accusers then there are the
leaks from the FBI multiple reports have
emerged that the FBI and DOJ employees
are devastated they failed to prosecute
Hillary Clinton for obvious law breaking
and then there are the wiki leaks we now
know the DNC official Donna Brazile told
the Clinton campaign she had some
townhall questions from CNN's upcoming
event and Roland Martin had probably
sent it to her according to Politico
sudah scold Martin sent CNN producers
his question
Brazil somehow obtained the question and
sent it to Hillary we also know the Doug
band who worked for Bill Clinton got a
call from a close friend who told him
that Chelsea had told one of George w's
daughters that she was quote conducting
an internal investigation of money
within the foundation from the Global
Initiative to the foundation not smart
oh so no corruption then we also know
the Democrats created a fake Catholic
organization to create a quote-unquote
Catholic spring kind of like the Arab
Spring to move the church in wild
leftist waste one of John Podesta's
advisors wrote quote there needs to be a
Catholic spring in which Catholics
themselves demand the end of a Middle
Ages dictatorship remember they're
talking about the Catholic Church and
the beginning of a little democracy and
respect for gender equality in the
Catholic Church is contraceptive
coverage and issue around which that
could happen of course this idea maybe
that may just reveal my total lack of
understanding of the Catholic Church
yeah another advisor John Halpin wrote
Podesta quote friggin Murdoch Rupert
Murdoch baptized his kids in Jordan
where John the Baptizer
to John the Baptist baptized Jesus many
of the most powerful elements of the
conservative movement are all Catholic
many converts from the SC and think
tanks to the media and social groups
it's an amazing bastardization of the
faith they must be attracted to the
systematic thought and severely
backwards gender relations and must be
totally unaware of Christian democracy
Jennifer Palmieri is Clinton's
communications director she said the
Catholic Conference only did so because
quote they think it is the most socially
acceptable politically conservative
religion their rich friends wouldn't
understand if they became evangelicals
other messages from WikiLeaks describe
Hispanic party leaders as quote needy
Latinos all of this would be disastrous
for Hillary's campaign if anybody were
paying attention they're not
unfortunately neither is Donald Trump
and ben shapiro this is the ben shapiro
show so tons to get to you today here on
the bench shapiro show will get to all
of it we have the mailbag today we're
also going to sneak in a little bible
talk since I just did my big repentance
yesterday that means I have to talk
about the Bible today we normally would
have done it yesterday but I was too
busy ensconced in prayer because that's
just the kind of person I am no that's
because that's what we're required to do
so but first we say hello to our
advertisers over at wink comso wink comm
is winc comm it's Club W remember our
friends at Club W they're the folks
where you go to their website and then
you type in all sorts of information
about the kind of the foods you like the
tastes you like and then they recommend
a bottle of wine for you so if you don't
know anything about wine I don't know
anything about wine right I buy the kind
of wine that I have historically liked
is is kind of soda water but if you
don't know anything about wine but you
want to look like you know something
about wine you want to be sophisticated
about the wine that you choose the
particular meal or you're bringing it as
a gift then wink calm is the place to go
so Club W is now called wink it's winc
as I say it's a new name it's an
improved look but it's still the same
wine company introducing you to these
new wines that you will love and the
prices are very affordable I haven't
tried the ones because they're not
kosher but all the people in the office
have which is why they're drunk all the
time the show is so bad so they've tried
the wine and they love the wine they
said that it tastes fantastic and right
now if you go to wink it's offering my
listeners $20 off their deal right now
go to try wink dot-com slash bend it's
try winc calm slash Bend they cover the
shipping as well so you get fine wine
that's personalized to your palate and
you get it for a cheap price delivered
to your door again compliments are
shipping 20 bucks off if you go to try
wink comm slash Ben make sure you use
the slash Ben's to get the money off its
winc calm try wink calm slash Ben
alrighty so that's it well I leave for
24 hours and every woman west of the
Mississippi accuses Donald Trump of
groping her so that's so it's it's been
a busy 24 hours but I want to start with
with the fact that yes conservatives
have a right to be super ticked off
about the media coverage of all of this
because it is fully and insanely absurd
okay the media coverage of this the same
people who thought that it was not a big
deal when Bill Clinton's at all of his
stuff now think it's the world's biggest
deal when Trump does all his stuff I
think it's a big deal either way cuz I'm
still one of these people I know it's
quaint who believes that character
matters when it comes to our
presidential candidates but I'm in the
minority obviously the WikiLeaks
revelations continue to come forth and I
just want to show how the media treats
any allegations with regard to Hillary
versus how they treat allegations with
regard to Trump's and Jennifer Granholm
is on I think she's on MSNBC and and she
suggests he's on Bloomberg politics
rather and she suggests that all of this
WikiLeaks there's something nefarious
behind it there's someone behind it
probably the Russians you see this
report for example from Newsweek from a
reporter whose email appeared in this
WikiLeaks batch which was in fact
manipulated so the the the email that
comes out is not in fact accurate so you
can't even validate that these are true
emails and it gets back to the point
about what the heck is Russia doing
interfering in our elections okay so she
says that it's conspiracy and by the way
it probably is right the Russians
probably are interfering in our
elections and they are using WikiLeaks
as their source okay that's true and the
media accept this right I mean they ask
questions to Donald Trump in debate
about this James Rosen reports that the
wiki leaks reveal that the DNC and CNN
were actually colluding James Rosen of
of Fox News here's his report Brazil
only became interim DNC chair during the
party's convention in July after a
WikiLeaks dump of DNC emails revealed
pervasive collusion between Brazil's
predecessor Deborah Wasserman Schultz
and the Clinton campaign against the
Sanders forces today
brasil said she supported both
candidates and quote often shared her
thoughts with both as it pertains to the
CNN debates I never had access to
questions and would never have shared
them with the candidates if I did the
Podesta emails also show Clinton
campaign press secretary Brian Fallon
formerly a spokesman for the Department
of Justice getting a heads-up from an
unnamed DOJ official on the night of May
18 2015 hey Brian this was filed tonight
14 minutes later Fallon emailed Clinton
confidant Cheryl Mills to relate the tip
DOJ just filed a briefing saying the
government proposes releasing HRC's
cache of work-related emails in January
get out exclaimed Mills Palmieri then
looped in Podesta and Huma Abedin to set
a conference call for the morning this
will be a thing tomorrow and she is in
front of the press okay so what he's
reporting is not only coordination
between the media and and Clinton but
also between the DOJ and Clinton and
anybody who expresses this is of course
seen as a kook if you say that the media
is in Hillary's pocket that's just you
being kind of kooky and if you say that
the DOJ and the FBI are working in
cahoots with the Clintons and giving
them special treatment that's also kooky
so this sort of thing will drive you
nuts and so when Donald Trump says that
the media can't report on the
establishment because they are the
establishment he's exactly right is what
he had to say about it the corporate
media can't report on the establishment
because the corporate media is the
establishment such a big part of it
we're going to break up the special
interest monopoly and we're going to win
this country back for the American
people we're going to do it too okay so
what he's saying there is exactly right
and I understand why people are so
frustrated now on to the actual issues
so the big issue of the day is that
everybody is a hypocrite every person is
a hypocrite okay the people on the right
are hypocrites the people on the left
are hypocrites the people on the left
are hypocrites because they pretend that
they care deeply about Donald's from
sexually assaulting people allegedly and
people on the right are hypocrites
because they apparently were lying when
they cared about Bill Clinton doing it
because you don't get to say certain
sexual assault victims are better than
other sexual assault victims because of
the nature of the person who allegedly
perpetrated you don't get to do that
right if you can show me evidence that
Juanita Broderick is more credible than
the women who are accusing Donald Trump
then I'll listen to it if you can do
vice-versa I'll listen to that too
so far I haven't heard any of that I've
just heard a lot of people saying it's
not a big deal if Trump does it because
Clinton does it and a lot of people on
the Clinton side saying it was never a
big deal when Clinton did it but now
it's a huge deal when Trump does all
this all that said not to say that I'm
right about everything but I've been
right about a lot of things here's the
thing I was right about so if you recall
back on Monday we were reviewing the
debate and I said that this was the key
moment of the debate here's this
exchange just for the record though are
you saying that what you said on that
bus 11 years ago that you did not
actually kiss women without consent or
grope women without concise respect for
women nobody has more respect for women
than I do so for the record things
frankly you you hear these things I said
and I was embarrassed by it but I have
tremendous respect for women have you
ever done the finning have respect for
me and I will tell you no I have not
okay so no he has not done any of those
things right and I said at the time I
said it in real time I tweeted it out
this exchange was that was the setup and
the rest of the week would be the punch
line remember I said this I said this on
the show and we could pull the tape I
have the tweets to prove it okay and
naturally that's exactly what happens
the media then dumps every accuser
that's going to accuse Trump of having
groped them or kiss them without
permission or any of the rest of it so
the Trump people are getting out in
front of this you have you have Trump's
a Trump advisor named HL Delgado who
used to work for Breitbart as every
Trump advisor apparently has and she
comes forward and she says you know all
of these allegations are nonsense
because anybody reasonable would have
already made these claims these
allegations are decades old if somebody
actually did that Chris any reasonable
woman would have come forward and said
something isn't that rising sexual
assault do you think the sexual assault
in the new york times itself it
mentioned at the very end gee how
convenient that both of these women are
Hillary Clinton supporters and Hillary
Clinton donors forgive me for not
finding that credible okay so it she
says it's not credible and okay so
here's what I'm gonna do okay and it's
in the problem with this argument is of
course it works the opposite way
Kathleen Willey doesn't like Hillary and
probably won't vote for her as far as I
know neither is Paul Jones neither does
wanting a broad recall these people have
sided with Trump so this argument works
both ways and here's where we get into
the hypocrisy argument on both sides and
it really is kind of gross I'm just
gonna show you tape of the women and you
what do you think they're credible so
here's Jessica Leeds this is one of the
women who accuses Trump of having groped
her and here is her telling her story to
the New York Times and The New York
Times of course running with this in a
way they never would with Juanita
Broderick you suppress it it's not part
of your act of thinking every day but
you don't forget we're all over me it
wasn't until they cleared the meal that
somehow another the armrest in in the
seat disappeared and it was a real shock
when all of a sudden his hands were all
over me he started encroaching on my
space and I hesitate to use this
expression but I'm going to and that is
he was like an octopus it was like he
had six arms he was all over the place
if he had stuck with the upper part of
the body I I might not have gotten I
might not have gotten that upset but
it's when he started putting his hand up
my skirt and that was it
that was it I I was out of there okay so
that's her story either find it credible
or you don't okay but that's not the
only story so former Miss Utah she says
that Trump came up to her and kissed her
without permission I remember him
walking over my dad was very confident
and he really admired Donald Trump and
so he went over and introduced himself
first and then he introduced me and it
was at that time where he turned to me
and embraced me and gave me a kiss on
the lips and I I remember being shocked
and because I would have just thought to
shake somebody's hand but that was his
first response with me and I remember I
mean I was very young and I remember
feeling time embarrassed like wanting to
turn and almost bite my mouth like what
okay and so that's her story
you can either believe it or you can't
but again the reason this is now being
brought up is because of this tape from
last week that trembler with Trump
bragging that he does exactly this that
he can grope women that he can that he
can kiss them without their permission
and these are not the only two women who
are now alleging any of this I mean
there's like a long list of women who
are alleging this there's a bunch of
teen beauty queens who are now alleging
that Donna
Trump walked into the dressing room
while contestants as young as 15 we're
changing the former Miss Vermont Teen
USA she said I remember putting on my
dress really quick because I was like oh
my god there's a man in here which by
the way
Trump's best solution here would
probably be to just say I was
identifying his female at the time
because we've learned that if you do
that in your man then it's totally fine
then then actually it'd be a civil
rights violation for her to get offended
but three other women who asked for main
anonymous for fear of getting engulfed
in a media firestorm also remembered
Trump entering the dressing room while
girls were changing two of them said the
girls rushed to cover their bodies with
one calling it's shocking and creepy the
third said she was clothed and
introduced herself to Trump okay here
are some of the other allegations that
have come out and as I said this was all
a setup from the beginning Anderson
Cooper asked this question so now it
doesn't just look like Trump did these
things it looks like Trump lied about
doing these things which is even worse
okay there's some girl named Jill hearth
woman named Jill tars she says in 1992
that she should filed a lawsuit in 97
saying Trump made a series of lewd
comments about her groped her and raped
her she would through her lawsuit as
part of a confidential settlement for
several months in 1998 hearth and Trump
dated after apparently after the lawsuit
so that's weird and then she says she
tried to bury the hatchet and reached
out to him that one does not seem as
credible just because you know date
people who've raped you typically but
it's possible temple tagged or 1997 she
says she was 21
when she was Miss Utah and he kissed me
directly on the lips I thought oh my god
gross he was married to Marla maples at
the time I think there are a few other
girls who kissed on the mouth I was like
wow that's inappropriate
okay Rachel crooks in 2005 she said she
was working as a receptionist for a
development company and one time she's
not Trump waiting for an elevator she
introduced herself she told the Times
they shook hands and began kissing her
on the cheeks and directly on the mouth
she said it was so inappropriate I was
so upset he thought I was so
insignificant he could do this writer
for People magazine wrote a story
yesterday about visiting monologues oh
she said that they were doing a story
about Melania Trump being pregnant on
their first anniversary and should we
walked into a room alone Trump shut the
door behind us I turned around within
seconds he was pushing me against the
wall forcing his tongue down my throat
he said you know we're gonna have an
affair don't you she wrote she said she
was shocked she said for the record I
did not consent I'm Cassandra Searles
from 2013 she says that Trump treated
pageant contestants like property he she
said he grew up to repeatedly asked her
to come up to his hotel room he probably
doesn't want me telling this story about
that time he continually grabbed my
and invited me to his hotel room she
brought in a Facebook comment so there
are lots of allegations now and the
allegations are coming fast and furious
so the Trump team is responding with
denials which is kind of normal
the problem is the question is do you
believe any of this is believable so we
can take each of these allegations
individually when there's a huge number
of women who are now saying it though
you enter into Bill Clinton who is never
prosecuted bill cosby territory right
you do I mean you just the the bulk of
allegations make it more believable plus
the fact that Trump makes jokes about
this kind of behavior all the time the
media is making a big deal by the way
not all of these things are a big deal
like for example here's a tape of Donald
Trump joking about a ten year old he did
this I guess in 1992 and the media are
making a big deal out of this this is
one I don't think is a big deal Thursday
night you're going up the escalator I'm
gonna be dating her in ten years some 10
year old girl he says I'm gonna be
dating her in ten years okay that's
that's obviously him joking about the
fact that he dates younger women it's
not him trying to he didn't say I want
to date her now which would be child
molestation presumably he said I want to
date her in ten years you know is it
Pleasant no but this is a guy who's also
joked about having sex with his daughter
so it's kind of his sense of humor right
all this is true now the way that the
Clintons respond to all of this is just
by suggesting that it's crazy that he
does all of this cuz they're hypocrites
they do the exact same thing and they're
giant giant hypocrites right Trump says
all this stuff he does all this stuff
the Clintons you know the Clintons act
as though all of this is is wildly new
to them how could anyone act like this
and of course they act like this all the
time we'll get to the Clintons in just a
second and the hypocrisy from the other
side of the aisle so but first we have
to say hello to our friends at D STL
decom it's distilled but it's D STL
decom / ben if you need a great pair of
jeans if you need a pair of jeans that's
that's a really high-quality pair of
jeans instead of costing you hundreds of
bucks it cost you 65 bucks starting at
65 bucks there's no markup no BS it's
great jeans I have a pair of them they
fit really well they're very comfortable
very high quality and they start at 65
bucks which is Greg's that if I had
known that they were gonna be one of our
sponsors I wouldn't have oughta $150
pair of jeans like a month ago but they
make terrific they make to riff
Jeanne's DST LD comm slash Ben you get
$10 off of your first pair so it's more
like 55 bucks
DST LD comm slash been for that $10 off
and you know celebrities wear these
things I've got a pair of these jeans
and I wear them on a part of the
rotation they're great est Dell the DST
LD distilled calm slash man okay so
meanwhile Bill Clinton's on the trail
and Bill Clinton has been hit with all
these allegations because the Trump team
has said we're gonna go to war on on the
Clinton allegations which they sort of
have to do at this point they don't have
a choice the only other thing they could
do I think this would be a smarter move
would be just to say okay if it's
nonsense just deny it's not true and
then say why don't we talk about the
real issues instead they're they're
starting an open war over sexual assault
allegations the problem is that it's
already baked into the cake for the
Clintons we've known for 20 years that
Hillary covered up for Bill sexual
assaults order alleged sexual assaults
we know the bill committed these sexual
assaults are allegedly at and and so
it's already baked into the cake and so
that gives the Clintons the ability to
just sort of shrug at it they just sort
of shrug at it so here's Bill Clinton
shrugging at all of this
the audience
he says I'm beyond being moved into
surprise I just can't believe they would
treat me this way yeah bill at least
Donald Trump wasn't putting you in the
back of the Oval Office and then groping
you or or pulling out his ding-dong and
saying kiss it as you allegedly did I
mean this is it's it's bad stuff
now then meaning is granting all sorts
of credibility tons and tons of
credibility to all of the accusers of
Trump here's one accuser of Clinton that
they're just absolutely ignoring no
matter that no matter that she's out
there speaking openly now here's one
Anita Broderick who accuses Bill Clinton
of having raped her in 1978 and then
Hillary Clinton of having intimidated
her afterward here's Broderick this is
an interview with Breitbart news the
only you know the Trump official outlet
and I knew I had to get out of there
well just as he moved here comes Hillary
straight for me and start she gets to me
and she starts saying I just want to
thank you for everything you were doing
in Bill's campaign and it's so nice to
meet you and all of these things so I
just nodded and told my friend let's go
and I thought somebody from behind had
grabbed ahold of my arm but it was her
she grabbed ahold of my arm and my hand
and she pulls me into her and she says
with this very angry look on her face
which had been so pleasant seconds
before and in a low voice is do you
understand everything you do and that
frightened me
do you think at that point she knew that
Bill Clinton raped you or do you just
think that she knew something happened
what do you think she knew at that
moment people have asked me that said
well do you think she knew what happened
at that moment and I have to go by what
I felt then and the look that she gave
me I feel like she knew and she was at
you yes and that she was telling me to
keep quiet okay be quiet about so okay
so we can stop it there so this is so
this allegation comes forward and the
media of course ignores it completely we
have to break there but I want to talk
about the media hypocrisy which I think
is a huge story here over at Daily
wired.com subscribe for eight bucks a
month and
become part of the daily wire team you
get to join us with the mailbag are
doing mail back today guys we didn't
have a chance
no mailbag today we'll do mailbag okay
we'll do mail back next week but daily
wire calm Florida to be part of the
mailbag you can part of the live mailbag
that we normally do on Thursday has been
a little bit delay because yesterday was
Yom Kippur but you also get to view it
live they're a bunch of new goodies that
are coming in the very very near future
to daily wire.com and so go there check
it out become a subscriber and be part
of the daily wire team as well as part
of the Ben Shapiro podcast seen the
largest conservative podcast in the
United States
