the media's wild new obsession with fat
shaming and trumpian sexism has been
elevated by Hillary Clinton to her very
top campaign issue Michelle Obama joined
the Hillary campaign to explain quote if
a candidate regularly in flippantly
makes cruel and insulting comments about
women that's who that candidate really
is hillary herself tweeted quote a man
who bullies and shames a woman for her
weight should never become president now
it's true
Trump routinely makes gross comments
about women cuz he's a jackass but the
Democrats high horse attitude about
sexism is a little galling let's take a
brief trip down memory lane JFK JFK was
the ultimate Democratic hero and was a
disgusting Pig with women according to
Mimi Alford who was 19 years old when
JFK went after her quit quote could I
have done anything to resist President
Kennedy I doubt it once we were alone in
his wife's bedroom
he'd maneuvered me so swiftly and
unexpectedly and with such authority and
strength that short of screaming I don't
think anything would have thwarted his
intentions she then - well he he by the
way told Alfred afterward to perform
oral sex on his special assistants at
Dave powers he also told her to pleasure
his brother Teddy that's just the tip of
the JFK iceberg
how about LBJ Hillary has praised LBJ
fulsomely in the past LBJ was not merely
a disgusting racist he commonly used the
n-word he was also a massive woman hater
according to a Michael Sheldon review of
Robert Caro's massive Johnson biography
quote women were for sex and servitude
at his Senate office his female workers
were fondled ogled and overworked though
his own figure was flabby he was quick
to berate any of his girls who put on
weight he wanted to make sure the view
was good when they walked away from his
desk quote I don't want to look at NAT
Minnie I want to look at a good trim
back end unquote he boasted of his
sexual prowess and have long affairs
with at least two women as well as
casual flings with members of his staff
how about Bill and like Hillary Clinton
Bill Clinton allegedly raped one woman
and his wife Hillary allegedly
Intimidator Bill sexually harassed a
bevy of other women and Hillary
allegedly ran a war room to fight bimbo
eruptions she referred to Gennifer
Flowers has trailer-trash she called
Monica Lewinsky a narcissistic loony
tune but hey folks anybody who makes
cruel and insulting comments about women
should not be president by the way the
Obama White House has been rocked by
charges of sexism - Christina Romer the
former head of Obama's Council of
Economic Advisers she said she quote
felt like a piece of meat about working
in the Obama White House I needed done
for
White House communications director she
said the Obama White House quote
actually fit all of the classical legal
requirements for a genuinely hostile
workplace to women Obama spends his
presidency golfing with men only as
Katie Pavlich points out in her book as
I've pointed out before one of the
things I hate about this election is the
they did it to excuse it's not a good
excuse for sexism or being a pig but
Hillary is actually applying a standard
if you've ever done anything sexist to a
woman or said anything nasty to a woman
publicly you can't be president well if
that's the standard that goes for every
Democratic president for the last 50
years outside of Jimmy Carter and there
goes Hillary Clinton I'm Ben Shapiro
this is the Ben Shapiro show all righty
so much too got to be here on the bench
capiro show today we're gonna be joined
in just a moment
by Andrew Klavan and this will be a
controversial segment we're gonna
actually battle it out I asked drew
earlier on if I could if I could
gradually drape him in in Jewish
ceremonial gear as this interview went
on unfortunately he turned that down to
his soul was lost to us forever but
we'll talk about why he turned from
Judaism or from secular Judaism to to
Christianity we'll get to that in just a
second plus we're gonna talk about
Hillary and fat people and all the
things Democrats want us to talk about
like Hillary and fat people so we'll
talk about all of that but first we have
to say hello to our friends over at
Birch gold if you are concerned about
the economy if you're worried that the
economy is in a slow growth mode hint it
is today was another economic report
less than 2% GDP growth that's another
quarter of bad growth for Obama if
you're worried that stock markets
inflated and you're looking for a place
to sort of harvest your gains and make
sure that you don't get busted in the
economy Birch gold group is the place to
go bi rch gold calm / Ben make sure you
use the slash Ben so they know that we
sent you and they continue to advertise
with us and that keeps all of these
unemployable undesirables around here
and if you want to invest in in your IRA
or 401k moving over to precious metals
you can call them at Birch gold group
800 496 66 63 804 9 6 66 63 and they'll
give you a free comprehensive kit 16
page kit about gold and precious metals
and how you can invest in them ask all
your questions make sure you ask every
question that you have so you make sure
this is something you want to do and
then when you want to do it these are
the people you should trust
actually make the investment in precious
metals over at Birch gold group
okay so we're very very excited to
welcome to the show Andrew Klavan he's
in all the gus company yesterday we had
Thomas Sol and then we just went down
about nine levels and yeah we found the
person in closest proximity basically I
mean literally truestudio is five feet
away yeah that's very it's very exciting
and so so welcome to a real podcast and
so so drew has a new book out called the
great good thing that I get tons of crap
for posting on my Facebook page oh sure
because it because the great good thing
which by the way I mean I love drew he
doesn't know how to title his books the
subtitle is more is more accurate if you
wanted it to be on the bestseller list
that's where he would have started a
secular to come comes to faith in Christ
so the reason I get a lot of crap for
this is because obviously as an Orthodox
Jew this to me is a tragic story right I
mean this is this not so as a Jew I'm
not big on people converting away from
Chris from Judaism toward Christianity
obviously but the reason that I posted
is cuz I've actually read the book and
so for me I've actually told the rabbi's
that one of the things they should do is
assign this book to parents as sort of a
cautionary tale you know from my angle
as an Orthodox Jew what's fascinating
about the book is that you know it's
called the secular Jew comes to faith in
Christ but I want to ask you what you
mean by secular Jew because the truth is
that it's sort of a contradiction in
terms I've heard a religious Jew just
like for you know now you're a
practicing Christian the idea of a
secular Christian doesn't make any sense
so for me a secular Jew is just somebody
who's born into a Jewish family but had
no clue about kind of what offensive
Judaism is so and why you give kind of
the background as to the Jewish home
that you grew up in right well I mean I
use it very purposely I completely agree
there's no such thing as a secular truth
it's an it's an oxymoron but I grew up
in a home where my father was very
dedicated to teaching us the tradition
we went to Hebrew school I was bar
Mitzvahed the whole thing my parents
didn't really believe in God you know my
mother was my mother was the most
convicted atheist I have ever met and
she died not police think it was all
nonsense and whenever you know his kids
they would lie to us a little bit but my
mother whenever you got are going to
that's all nonsense
and my father as I say in the book he
didn't want to play games with a
gigantic invisible Jew who could give
you cancer just like you know but he he
hedged his bets but he didn't really
believe the way you and I both believe
right and so for me who has had this
lifelong insistence that things make
sense that the words coming out of my
mouth have some correlation to reality
as it is or even internal reality I just
found the entire thing absolute
hypocrisy and nonsense so by the time I
was bar Mitzvahed I was standing up in
front of people I have only done this
once in my life and this is that
standing up in front of people saying
words that I knew for a fact weren't
true saying I believed in things that I
knew for a fact I'm true and I talked
about how in the book you got all this
guilt
yeah those days are a lot of jewelry and
all this stuff and after six months I
crept out when everyone was asleep and I
threw it all away which should have got
me thrown out of Judaism right there
this is why I say the rabbi's that that
Jews should read this book more to say
okay if you're gonna raise your kid as a
Jew if you're something like me but
cares about raising your kid as a Jew
you actually have to explain why they're
doing the things they're doing you can't
just say that Judaism is a culture it's
about matzo ball soup in the Holocaust
and then expect kids to actually take
anything here seriously because the I
mean this is I mean we're about fans of
musical theater when you watch when you
watch Fiddler on the Roof and you get to
the end and one of the daughters marries
out you marry somebody who's not Jewish
that's a natural consequence of the very
first song in tradition where they say
tradition we don't know why we do it but
it's the tradition if you don't know why
you're doing it it's not gonna be a big
wonder if your kids move away from it it
would seem to me there's like God would
be kind of the baseline you know yeah
that'd be praying to something you got
to be doing it for some reason because
otherwise I get the tradition I get some
kind of idea of you know this is what
your race comes from but especially in
America where you really don't feel
constrained by race at all or you
shouldn't in the old days you didn't at
all you know I don't know what what
appeal that has you just basically it
was like talking to strangers so so I
want to start with sort of asking you
about your transition to becoming a
religious person and then we can get
into the Jew versus Christian aspects of
this so they because there's the part of
it just like Judaism versus Christianity
the first part I'm with you the second
part of not so when it comes to your
transition to
religion because you were an atheist for
a while what was it that triggered you
you talk about in the great good thing
but what was it that triggered you to to
move from a theistic secular humanism
essentially to - you know conservative
conservative religious person well when
I was coming up in college it was when
the left that left this wave of
relativism was first coming in and the
idea that there was no such thing as
good nothing good or bad but thinking
makes it so you know some Hamlet and all
this stuff and there was and
multiculturalism one culture is just as
good as another you know the evidence of
mine eyes you know was enough for me to
think start thinking that's not true and
there were things that I read and
thought along the way like Dostoyevsky's
Crime and Punishment I remember sitting
and reading toffs Daphne's Crime and
Punishment which is basically one long
argument against Nietzsche and
relativism and just thinking like oh
wait you know that really worked and I
can't accept that and as that went on I
just started to realize that you cannot
have a moral universe without a moral
arbiter you cannot have a moral universe
without an ultimate good and the nature
of that good you know I won't go into
the whole philosophical idea of it but
the nature of that good struck me as a
conscious good you know with a will it
struck me as God and so after a while
that just started to become unavoidable
to me and remember I'm writing all these
books I'm living in the postmodern world
I'm living with postmodern people that
was why I subtitled the book a secular
Jew I wanted people to understand that I
was living in New York in Hollywood in
London those are the places I work those
are the rankle I knew where to say
anything about God was to brand yourself
as a rube
you know so it was just very slowly that
I started to realize that I was swimming
in this water but the land was over
there and I had to go and really what
happened to one night I was I was
reading a book in which one of the
characters I admired said of prayer and
so I said a prayer and that transformed
everything and I realized that it had
linked my rational mind to my heart and
I thought like that's that really
changes everything and once I realized
that the world was a much more joyous
place when I was in contact with God
that that's one of the things that's
really nice about your personal
experience is that you you talked at
length about you know the value for you
of prayer and you had some very
spiritual experiences along the way
and so so that which begs the second
question so I think that a lot of people
believe in God and then brings them to
the second question which is okay well
why the Bible why not just okay so
there's a God whose moral in the
universe and why can't we just be like
the supposedly deistic founders they're
much more Christian than then people
wanna give them credit for but the but
the idea that the okay God should shine
clockmaker and he's built into the
system self-evident truths the way the
Jefferson puts it why do you need the
Bible why is the Bible important well I
came to the Bible in a completely
secular way I wanted to be a writer I
started reading all these books that I
loved and you know I loved all the
detective stories I realized that the
detective stories and Ernest Hemingway
those guy writers that I really liked
growing up that they all had connections
to King Arthur's myth so I started to
bring read King Arthur's myths and I
realized that Christianity was at the
core of this so I started to read the
Bible the New Testament and what we call
so I started to read it as a purely
literary exercise and I had to go out
and buy one cuz we didn't have one in
the house and I got one with you know
Jesus's words in red and I was lying on
my bed reading the Gospel according to
st. Luke and my father walked in on me
and he hit the roof he went nuts and it
always makes me laugh because if you're
walking on your teenage son by Bernini
absolute porn and at that point it was
the sixties we were running around with
girls naked behind those curtains all
the time so the fact that he got me
reading the Gospel according to st. Luke
drove him crazy
it was completely secular but what
happened was as I started to teach
myself literature's I started to teach
myself the culture I realized that it
was at the center of the entire logic of
everything we are like nobody and this
is includes Jewish people I think -
nobody in the West speaks anything that
isn't in some way tinged and connected
to Christianity now if you're Jewish I
think this also goes back through
Christian writings something older I
Kris Chi anity when
he'd and says it's about Islam although
to a lesser extent that these are these
were kind of almost like the publicity
wing this is what this is what
popularized these ideas to the rest of
the world that made them made them big
and reach out and it made them
non-tribal it is important yeah so I so
the Bible was always and I understand
the funny thing was when I read the
Bible when I read it cover to cover I
got it as a story purely as a story it
made sense to me it made sense to me
that like you have you have this
relationship you fall out of it a people
who's chosen as a doorway to let God
back into the world it all made sense I
got the story and so when I started to
think about God I think that was the God
I was thinking of even before I knew it
was so what do you so what are you okay
so now let's get to the places where we
disagree because we've gotten to all the
places where we agree until wolf get
screamed at for not disagreeing enough
so you know obviously my view is did you
is that is that my personal view of
Jesus is that Jesus was a normal
Orthodox Jew who's trying to and this is
sort of what high Maccoby writes in his
books about the I don't know if ever
read any of his books learned about the
historicity of Jesus is what he says is
that that basically he was an Orthodox
Jew who tried to lead a revolt against
the Romans and was undercut and was
crucified just like a thousand other
people who had that but there was a
religious movement those built up around
him essentially and in and a lot of kind
of foreign ideologies were grafted onto
judaism including some Gnostic ideas
about virgin birth and the in various
kind of other things that were happening
at the time so why so number one how
deeply were you aware of Judaism before
you converted to Christianity and number
two why do you find the historicity of
Christianity to be the fulfillment of
Judaism as opposed to just or right and
Christianity is is an offshoot okay well
the first the first thing is is that you
know I really I really take a little bit
of umbrage the attack I get most often
from Jewish people is you know you can't
converse unless you become a Jew first
you have to know your own religion and
my problem with that and I think it's
like I don't know about Zoroastrianism
either you know and I mean I problems
with just the I mean the Jewish religion
inherently connects ethnic Judaism to
religious Judaism because you have to be
ethnically Jewish you can convert into
Judaism but if you are ethnically Jewish
and you know this obviously is that
according to meat you're still Jewish
right even after you convert to
Christianity you're still a Jew now I
know that you're a practicing Christian
and that's your prerogative obviously
but you know according to my religious
belief you're still a Jew so that's it
so they creates this but you are you're
a Jew who's not fulfilling your Jewish
obligations right just like any other
Jew who doesn't fulfill their Jewish
obligations so that's it so that's
that's sort of how it works so that
that's where that's coming from I think
when you're getting that critique
obviously look is an independent human
being you can do whatever you want you
don't have to study Judaism and then and
then reject that in favor of Christian
and then I think that's an important
point that's that's not what the book is
about the book isn't about I deeply
investigated Judaism decided it was
false and decided Christianity was true
but I will say this just from my
internal world just speaking as a as a
spiritual guy who really cares about new
stuff I never felt like a Jew until I
became a Christian and that is and that
is absolutely true I mean when I was
baptized first of all the idea of
baptism came to me me as a shock I mean
I was praying for about five years and
had developed a very deep relationship
with God but no theology I didn't want a
theology I didn't want you know yeah and
one day I really felt that my life had
been transformed by prayer and I said to
God what can I do for you I thought you
know like your God I'm like some guy you
know it's like yeah and and it came back
to me immediately and powerfully you
should be baptized and I remember
speaking out spitting the words out loud
you gotta be kidding me and it was going
back then to the New Testament and
reading it in belief that that's what
transformed me and the idea the idea
I've read a lot of historical stuff
about Jesus and I find it kind of empty
and one of the things is is that it is
the natural inclination of historians to
debunk it is natural it is natural to
them then the greatest story of course
is the story of Troy you know it's just
a poem it's just a myth and all this
stuff and there's one guy keep saying no
you know I think this is true when I
read stories like going into the empty
tomb and finding this cloth was rolled
up
this way in this closet you know I'm a
guy who's read stories and study stories
all my life that sounds like an
eyewitness account to me but I wouldn't
even argue with it because until you
believe until you believe there's no
evidence and once you believe the
evidence is all around I mean I think
that that's the way it works it's like
it's it's not something you can argue
with people about or convince people
whatever religion you believe there is
an inherent leap of faith that takes
place I mean to believe you're a Jew the
the belief that God came down on a
mountaintop and spoke to 600,000 people
that's a leap of faith nobody's ever
seen that happen in the modern world
obviously and the same thing is true in
in Christianity you know it's it's look
as a Jew it's a point of sadness
whenever somebody who's ethnically
Jewish you know does not they never had
the opportunity to really you know look
at their own religion before looking at
Christianity but I'm not gonna fault
somebody for looking at Christianity and
saying this is the truth that I found
here because you know you're thinking
adult human being and so the this is why
you know I think it's important to have
the conversation not as a matter of
comparative religion because again we
can we can agree to disagree and I can
be sad about your decisions and you can
be sad about mine I mean as a Christian
presumably you'd want me to come along
with you I think that the reason that
the book is important for people who are
wondering whether they should buy it the
reason that it's important is because it
really is a lot less about about you
know specific Christian faith maybe
that'll be another one year books but
it's a lot more about like as a Jew I
read it and I agreed with 95% of it you
just threw out you just dropped Jesus's
name and I agree with 100% of it
basically and and I think that it's more
of a fascinating rebuke of of secular
morality than than anything that maybe
anything I've ever read I mean it is it
is a it is a ringing rebuke of the idea
that you can have a workable society
founded on the basis of secularism but
even even to a certain extent on an
individual level you can live that way
obviously both believe that they're
atheists and agnostics or great people
who do wonderful things for the world
and live a moral life style but it but
did but there is at root everybody is
living in this world of morality that
whether you like it or not you can
pretend or not but you're living in this
world of morality and that's the that's
the whole thing the only reason you know
it took me it was it was ten years after
baptism that I wrote the book because
never who you know who really thinks my
life story is is worth telling you know
but but it's occurred to me that
everybody is living in this world where
the assumption is you're an idiot if you
believe if something is not something
there's something offbeat about you and
I just wanted to you know I just put it
out there cuz I was there I had no
reason to convert I had no reason to
change I was living a good life I was
living a good life you know when when I
when I said that prayer despair and Zoe
which is the myth about religious people
the world tells a better clingers right
then we find God I know the book tells
how I went into a period of despair but
wouldn't accept God then because I
didn't want it to seem like a crutch you
know it was only when I came out of that
despair was in joy that I went forward
and that's just the point I want to make
is that this people are are stuck in
this world where the default mode is
atheism and you if you start thinking
for yourself you can be freed from that
well it's really interesting the great
good things the name of the book you can
go to amazon.com or you can subscribe to
daily wire and get a free copy of Drew's
book and they'll be signed for you by
Drew and and also you apparently you get
your camp your your your ticket stamps
immediately to heaven and the pearly
gates as soon as soon as you buy it so
that's so that's that's good news so it
is rate it is a really well-written book
just like everything else that drew
writes it's it's really good stuff
there's a tremendous writer next time
we'll have drawn and will actually make
jokes and talk about politics as opposed
to going into deep theology about God
and secularism but that's next time he
writes a funny book so this drew thanks
so much for stopping by
absolutely okay so we're gonna talk a
little bit about politics in in just a
moment first I gotta say hello to our
our friends over US tax yield if you
have problems with the IRS if you're if
you're in a situation with the IRS where
they are seeking to take money from you
whether its own or not owed you need to
call it by friends at US tax shield
their their number is 1-800-543-8242 and
against us tax shield calm / Bensley no
we sent you us tax shield calm / pens
find out about the resolution programs
and their numbers 805 for 222 26 okay so
ontology briefly before we have to let
you go here on the Facebook live as well
as as well as YouTube so let's talk
briefly about what we'll get to we'll
get to Hillary and and fat people and
all the rest of the stupidity that they
want us to talk about but first let's
talk about things that actually matter
president obama was it was on CNN last
night and a gold star mom gets up and
asks him a question and barack obama
because he has none of the knowledge
about western civilization in
judeo-christian religion that anyone
with open eyes has hears Barack Obama's
answer with regard to Islamic terrorism
do you still believe that the acts of
terrorism are done with a sulphur clean
Islamic religious motives and if you do
why do you still refuse to use the term
racially I'm sorry Islamic terrorists
well first of all I want to thank your
son obviously for his service and where
we see terrorist organizations like Al
Qaeda or ISIL
they have perverted and distorted and
tried to claim the mantle of Islam for
an excuse for basically barbarism and
death okay so he says they're trying to
claim it for barbarism and death and
therefore he won't use those terms he
just won't do it and then he continued
on by saying that he said quote if you
had an organization that was going
around killing and blowing people up and
said we're on the vanguard of
Christianity as a Christian I'm not
gonna let them claim my religion and say
you're coming for Christ I would say
that's ridiculous that's not what my
religion stands for call these folks
what they are killers and terrorists
okay there there are several problems
with this first of all every time he
mentions Islamic terrorism he pretends
that there's this giant wave of Jesus
freaks who are running around blowing
people up and shooting them in malls and
it isn't happening okay he has to make
up a Christian terrorist group in order
to not talk about Islamic terrorist
groups right there are Islamic terrorist
groups there are state-funded
state-backed
Islamic terrorist groups Isis is its own
state Iran is the number one funder of
terrorism in the entire world and they
are state they're an Islamic state
they're the Islamic Republic of Iran
all right Saudi Arabia we just passed a
bill yesterday saying that people
consume embers of the government of
Saudi Arabia over terrorism because of
the connections between members of the
Saudi government and people like the
terrorists in in al Qaeda
and he's pretending that Christianity is
the same thing well if they're Christian
terrorists then I feel bad about that so
I wouldn't power a Muslim I'd feel bad
yeah except that there is no such
connection between Christians and
so-called Christian terrorists there
just isn't the numbers don't justify
that there they're a ton of suicide
bombings last year all of them were
Islamic I think except for one and that
one was still by somebody who was
associated with Islam as far as I as far
as I know so they were all basically
Islamic the Terrorism that's happening
all around the world it's happening only
in the Islamic community and and so you
know that there are exceptions but
they're rare that is to say that when
when Barack Obama tries to compare
Christian terrorism and Islamic
terrorism it's idiotic it's just idiotic
the question isn't I don't I don't like
to get into the hold it does the Quran
push terrorism verses as the Bible push
terrorism I don't care about that I care
about the adherence the adherence
okay the fact is I did this video that's
gotten a lot of flack from the left
where I broke down the poll numbers on
how many people in various Muslim
countries believe in honor killings and
believe in the rule of Sharia law not
just they want to go to Islamic court to
deal with their finances but like actual
Sharia law and criminal law hands
chopped off penalties for blasphemy that
kind of stuff and you're talking
hundreds of millions of people who
believe these kinds of things and if
those are connected to terrorism which a
lot of those ideas seem to be then maybe
you start connecting those ideas to
terrorism in order to fight them number
two equated the global Christian
reaction to terrorism to global Islamic
reaction is ridiculous he says as a
Christian I wouldn't be happy with that
right if there are an act of Christian
terrorism every Christian in America
would be out front condemning it all of
them now there are some Muslims who
condemn acts of terrorism there are also
lots more Muslims who are openly
rallying in the streets to lock up
people who blaspheme the Prophet if they
draw a cartoon right the fact is that
they're they're riots every time a woman
exposes you know is in a bikini in an
Islamic country and that happened I
think in Nigeria about five years ago so
there's this sort of the sort of
equation just doesn't exist finally you
know Obama's this is why Trump is rising
on this particular issue Obama's failure
to label terrorism what it is Islamic
terrorism it trickles down to policy so
it trickles down in a few ways one it
means that when we see a red flag like
oh the guy visited Saudi Arabia and he
came back with his wife from Hajj and
then he's on sites that are Isis
friendly we go oh well I don't see
anything really suspicious there like
the ISIS friendly thing is weird but I'm
not gonna look at the the trip on Hajj
to Saudi Arabia and picking up his wife
there from Pakistan I'm not gonna see
that as a problem and that's how you end
up with it with the killers in in San
Bernardino we treat it as though it's
not a red flag of course it's a red flag
extreme Islam is red flag extremist
Islam reticle Islam is a red flag when
connected with other red flags it's
obviously a problem and people in
government have been punished for for I
mean they're whistleblowers have come
out and said the Department of Homeland
Security is wiped databases if those
databases contain information about
Islamic terrorist groups that are that
are over broad more than that Americans
are intimidated into failing to report
suspicious activities by Muslims right
this is one of the ideas of the law fair
movements that
it's been happening over Islamophobia
now I'm being sued I'm not gonna talk
about this for legal reasons too much
I'm supposedly being sued I am being
sued by a clock boy and his father over
the fact that I said back in in last
year that I thought that the whole thing
was a setup that I thought that the
entire routine was they went in there
with a device that looked like a bomb
and will play the tape at some point
that I said what I said is I thought
that in his opinion right opinion which
is protected by the First Amendment but
the idea was that if you express an
opinion that this was not a case of
Islamophobia this was actually a case
that was meant to generate headlines
about Islamophobia then he gets sued and
the idea is okay if we can shut
everybody down and shut them up then
people will simply stop talking about
this kind of thing okay we'll talk fun
and games until somebody actually walks
into a school with a device that looks
like a bomb and it ain't o'clock so in
finally if you actually want to fight
radical Islam you have to reform the
ideology if you refuse to acknowledge a
necessity to reform the ideology you're
going to fail right general
Abdel Fattah al-sisi who's the the
dictator of Egypt he's talked about
reforming Islam
President Obama is completely ignoring
and pretending it's not relevant so
that's why when Trump says it's
important to mention radical Islamic
terror that's true I don't know if Trump
knows why it's true but it's certainly
true and Americans are resonating to
that okay so we have to cut off here you
got plenty extra today so you should be
very grateful but if you want even more
you need to go to daily wire comm eight
bucks a month and you can watch the rest
of the show live Plus today is the mail
bag so we'll be doing live response if
you want to write in to the mailbag
during the show will read off your
responses live will do like a live Q&A
on the show in just a few minutes here
plus if you get the annual subscription
then you get Drew's new book that we
just talked about the great good thing
signed by Joe and as I mentioned an
automatic pass into into the pearly
gates and Saint Peter will is how if you
believe in Jesus this is a good thing to
do if you don't then it's correct you
know like if you if you're like me then
you don't need the pass to the pearly
gates cuz you don't believe that's how
it's gonna go anyway but if you actually
believe all this stuff then then pick up
through his book and it's like Willy
Wonka's golden ticket I think that
inside one of the copies is an actual
golden ticket to heaven so make sure
that you it could be you you could be
the one
okay so we'll pick it up in in just a
minute at daily wire.com go there and
subscribe
you
