when Mitt Romney lost in 2012 there was
very little discussion of blame everyone
assumed Romney simply lost because he
didn't do a good enough job of
convincing voters to punch the ballot
for him he didn't debate Obama properly
he didn't stand up to Candy Crowley he
backed off the Benghazi issue or botched
it completely he gratuitously insulted
47% of Americans Romney lost Republicans
generally believed because Romney
deserved to lose even if he deserved to
win morally that's not so for Donald
Trump never has a presidential candidate
had so many ready-made excuses for his
mess of a campaign since the primaries
Trump's defenders have justified every
single gaffe by saying well he's just a
businessman his anti conservative
heresies have been excused with a wave
of the hand and a comment of well
conservatism has never accomplished
anything anyway his general ignorance
with regard to basic issues has been
shrugged away he's learning his general
unpopularity has been attributed not to
his own narcissistic nastiness between
an unnamed group of conspirators apt to
get him sometimes it's the evil kook
never Trump errs like me hiding in their
holes waiting to strike him down at any
moment sometimes it's the Machiavellian
establishment seeking to crush the
supposed change agent sometimes it's a
suspiciously defective earpiece forcing
him to go soft on David Duke and the KKK
now after his airplane vomit bag of the
debate performance a performance in
which he spent the first 30 minutes
bloodying Hillary Clinton only to revert
to insecure incoherent defenses of
birtherism his business record and his
Iraq war opposition Trump has a whole
new set of excuses first Trump's
defenders attack his microphone yep his
microphone according to trump some
nefarious conspiracy took place to
sabotage his weapon of mass instruction
throwing him off his game which seems
both implausible and kind of irrelevant
more realistically Trump's defenders
point out correctly that debate
moderator Lester Holt hit Trump far
harder than he hit Clinton which is true
Holt interrupted Trump way more
frequently although and Holtz defends
Trump bulldoze both him and Clinton
routinely holt asked Trump about
birtherism in his Iraq war opposition
and his IRS records and his mean
comments about Clinton's look he didn't
ask Hillary about the Clinton Foundation
or Benghazi and he asked her zero
follow-up questions about a private
email server
holts clearly did do Clinton's dirty
work here's the question
so what Trump has known the entire
campaign in the media would target him
he said so before every debate he had
the opportunity
every opportunity to swivel and hit both
Clinton and the media and he failed to
do so that's on him this entire campaign
in the end is on him it's nobody's fault
but Trump's he spends the morning after
the debate complaining about the Miss
Universe contestant gaining too much
weight it's nobody's fault but Trump's
he ignored hitting Clinton over the
Clinton Foundation so he could massage
his own feelings over his prior business
bankruptcies Trump is the candidate gang
it's time for those who defend him to
own it if they don't if they keep
allowing Trump to get away with excusing
all of his failures by blaming somebody
else they'll be paving the way to his
defeat losers whine about the playing
conditions and the referees all the time
winners change their game plans those
whom whine for Trump won't be helping
him win i'm ben shapiro this is the ben
shapiro show all righty tons to get to
here on the bench Shapiro show today in
just a moment we will be joined by the
guy who I think is the foremost public
intellectual in the United States
professor Thomas solo who'll be joining
us momentarily first got to say hello to
our friends over at Birch gold if you're
looking to invest in precious metals and
some of your portfolio not all of it of
course some of it should be in precious
metals you need to talk to our friends
at birchgold.com slash bet it's bi r CH
gold comm slash Ben make sure you add
the slash ben's they know we sent you
you can also call them at 800 for 9 666
63 and they can help you they have an A+
rating with the Better Business Bureau
they're the people I trust with precious
metals investments they have a
comprehensive 16 page kit a free
information kit on physical precious
metals including how you could move your
IRA or 401k out of stocks and bonds into
precious metals if that's something
you're interested in ask all your
questions get all your answers and then
when you're ready to invest in precious
metals talk to my friends over at
birchgold.com slash Ben 804 9 6 66 63 so
in just a moment we will be having
Thomas solo on the program could not be
more excited about that it's obviously
an honor to be joined by Professor Sol
we're also going to be discussing in
short order the idiotic attacks that the
trunk that the Trump campaign has been
hit with over Alicia Machado who is this
Miss Universe contestant there there are
a thousand holes in this story for the
Democrats and it's just it's hypocrisy
of the highest order from Hillary
Clinton we will also be talking about
more debate reactions from the left and
the right
and what Trump can do differently next
time plus we have an epic things I hate
coming up in Bible talks there's a big
show today lots to talk about guys do we
have professor Sol already
professor Sol thanks so much for joining
the ben shapiro show well it's a
tremendous honor obviously I've read I
think all of your books if not that
nearly all of them and the newest one is
is the newest edition of wealth poverty
in politics which i think is a deeply
deeply important work so professor Sol
the basic principles of wealth poverty
and politics you talk about the fact
that income inequality exists all over
the world and yet politicians make their
living basically pledging to alleviate
income inequality in ways that do no
such thing do you think number one that
income inequality has generally
expressed is a big problem in society
government transfers we shot which are
taken logic from the top of the income
scale and beta we suggest and then
politicians like to make hay out of the
income inequality issue by suggesting
people at the top are somehow exploiting
people at the bottom and I want to ask
you more about inequality in a second
but I want to start with with sort of
the presidential debate and what appears
to be now the number one economic issue
in these presidential debates which is
the fact that no one has ever read your
book basic economics so nobody
understands how free trade works so yeah
Donald Trump saying that NAFTA is the
worst trade deal in the history of the
world and you have Hillary Clinton
saying yeah it was great back in the 90s
but now I guess I decided it's bad can
you explain to people simply because
they're stupid why it is that free trade
is not bad and and these and Donald
Trump's idea of trade wars are really
Fulop foolhardy
they declined substantially in the years
following the natural agreement that was
true in Canada as well
regards trade that there were some
differences one of the great disasters
in the history of this country was a
smooth Hawley Tariff the night 1930
based on the same ideas that Trump is
talking about namely that if we somehow
stop by imports then our own domestic
workers would then have more jobs and so
on people notice things think beyond the
immediate things are in their mind trade
declined drastically throughout the
nineteen thirties and so everyone was
worse off than they were before we had
instead of having the trade deficits
that people complain about today I also
want to ask you about Donald Trump makes
a big point about currency manipulation
he says the Chinese are inflating their
currency or deflating their currency and
because they're moving their currency up
and down they're really destroying us on
trade this always seems to me such a
weird argument if inflating your
currency were that successful venezuelan
the Vimal republic would have been
absolute economic powerhouses but I'm
just I'm wondering why people put so
much focus on currency manipulation is
there any is there any truth to the idea
that China manipulating its currency
hurts us economically competitors at the
same time we gain because of free trade
so his book is wealth poverty and
politics among many of his other
fantastic books including basic
economics which is the the primer that
everybody should read if they're first
getting interested in economics a
professor so obviously a lot of the
swing states in this particular election
cycle places like Ohio like Pennsylvania
these are places that used to have much
more heavy manufacturing base and a lot
of those jobs have left Donald Trump is
trying to appeal to those people so is
Hillary Clinton have we reached the end
of the point in politics do you think
that there's gonna be a resurgence at
any point of the free trade mentality
because the polls seem to be moving
heavily against free trade because it's
so easy to look at sort of the targeted
losses of free trade as opposed to the
widespread gains common sense does tend
to assert yourself with a lot of diet
things can happen before that comes
along it's talked about bringing back
jobs that have left many drugs have left
because of counterproductive political
policies particularly in places like
Detroit manufacturers come to the United
States they don't come to Detroit
there's already a workforce that used to
work in the big three auto plans they go
elsewhere because the policies in
Detroit have driven
domestic as well I also wanted to ask
you professor about another issue just
with regard to trade and protectionism
both candidates keep citing trade
deficits as though trade deficits mean
anything and you've written extensively
about the fact that trade deficits can
exist in good economies and bad
economies should we care about trade
deficits professor so about some of the
racial issues that have cropped up in
this campaign because you've written
extensively about in your book black
rednecks and white liberals you've
written extensively about some of the
problems that are really plaguing the
black community where they come from and
this is obviously cropped up recently
because we've had riots in Ferguson and
now riots in Charlotte and Hillary
Clinton attributes all of this to
institutional racism and what she calls
implicit bias is there any truth to that
and if not in black communities in the
1960s
homicide rates because it seems to be
very successful in the black community
do you think that that's a factor of two
generations of government dependence or
is that more a factor of just the
natural human tendency to look for an
outside force that's that's
to blame for the failures inside inside
your own community United States applies
the very same phenomena can be seen
among lower-class whitening almost to
the riots in Ferguson and Baltimore
right down to the rioters on setting
fire to police cars and it's the row
same that is the notion that got that
way by taking advantage of you and that
you have no hope and that the system was
great one of the phrases that constantly
drives me crazy I never hear people
explain just how it was rigged when we
talk about economic matters for example
I say the relation of a good sister well
my website shows that book is wealth
poverty and politics and and professor
so you haven't I'm so much sure where
you're coming down in this election
cycle I'm not voting for either
candidate because neither one of them
meets my standard for basic human beings
to be even breathing air sometimes but
mostly just to the holding office the
the the obviously I want them to live
but but the idea here is the you know my
my view is that neither candidate meets
a basic standard well do you view this
as a lesser of two evils election as
some people like Mark Levin have claims
do you see this more as we're screwed
either way we go so there's no reason to
participate on the presidential level
how do you come down on this
and I think that even though Donald
Trump has no looks that promising does
have a color here and it's a world which
she can by determining who's on the next
Supreme Court for the next 50 years law
and America can be undermined the first
and second amendments we can write off
if she's allowed to put a majority on
that the people they put on the Supreme
Court will be a legacy for the next
generation and perhaps at the end of
constitutional law in this country and
on that basis here my counter logic just
to not vote at all has basically been
what I fear is that Donald Trump he's
doing a great job of perverting
conservatism and watching as many
so-called conservative thought leaders
have been shifting the very definition
of conservatism to meet Trump so
suddenly a bunch of people who used to
be pro free trade for example are
embracing the protectionism of Donald
Trump a bunch of people who wanted an
entitlement reform are now pretending
that it's okay that he wants to expand
entitlements and so the only hope for
the country which is a true small
government movement is being quashed in
order to gain the temporary gain of
having him prevent Hillary Clinton from
the White House and politics professor
Thomas Sol is the guest final question
for you professor so you you obviously
work at Stanford University young people
have a bizarre and outside love for
Bernie Sanders who may or may not be the
the insane clown who we've been seen
cropping up in the woods in Florida Ohio
and Virginia but how do you deal with
the with the rising support for for
socialism among kids who don't even know
what socialism really is
do any teaching and so I don't do the
academic world at all which is the ideal
situation for that that definitely helps
so the book again wealth poverty and
politics by Thomas solo the foremost
public intellectuals I say in the United
States presser solo it's a real honor to
have you on the show thanks so much for
joining us book as well poverty in
politics and I can't recommend it highly
enough terrific terrific book okay so
quick timeout so that we can say hello
to our other advertiser today and that
is trunk club so you may have noticed
over the past couple years that I'm
dressing better I'm dressing man that's
only because I've been told that I have
to dress better because I used to dress
like a homeless person well if you don't
know anything about clothes if you don't
know it fits you if you don't know what
looks good you need to go to trunk
club.com slash bed and what you do is
you type in your measurements and you
share the kind of clothes that you like
and you dislike and they actually give
you as part of the package your very own
personal stylist somebody can text back
and forth
they'll excuse me mix and match clothes
from your closet and help you come up
with really good items and then they'll
send you when you request it a trunk of
clothes that you can try on and if you
like them you keep them and if you don't
then you send them back to them they
also have club houses and I've been to
one of these places in LA it's super
cool they actually have a stylist sit
with you and they bring out tailored
clothes and they try it all on with you
I mean it's late it's like you're a
celebrity it's really neat
and these Trump club club houses exist
in Dallas in New York and LA and Chicago
or DC but you don't need that if you're
living anywhere in the country you can
have a personal stylist who texts with
you it's all very user friendly they
help you pick clothes it's for men and
women now it's top-of-the-line clothes
we're talking about stuff that you'd get
you know for from in very expensive
fashion you get this stuff and at a
Bloomingdale's or Nordstrom and in trunk
club has all of the top-of-the-line
clothes they make sure everything fits
they do tailoring for free by the way if
you buy stuff through them you can even
Taylor outside items with them if you
want to send your clothes to them its
trunk Club calm slash Bennett's trunk
club calm / Ben 80 top brands they ship
them to your door you never have to
leave home it's a really really cool
thing I couldn't be a bigger fan of the
work that they do in fact when I went
there they gave me you know some free
money to try it out and I ended up
spending significantly more than the
me just because their clothes are so
nice and their service is so neat so
trunk club comm slash bending use the
slash bends they know that we sent you
okay on to the news of the day so let's
talk about let's talk about the
desperation that is setting in among
Democrats so Donald Trump performs
really poorly in the debate as I said
yesterday the first thirty minutes he
destroys Hillary Clinton the next 60
minutes he basically falls apart but you
can still see that the Democrats are not
comfortable Hillary's looking more
comfortable comfortable out there but
they're now bringing out there they're
finally beginning to scrape the bottom
of the barrel so first the desperation
President Obama is very upset that
people are thinking about voting third
party Hillary can't break 45% in a lot
of polls now because so many people are
looking at Jill Stein and Gary Johnson
President Obama is out there raving
about this here's the president if
there's one message I want to deliver to
everybody if you don't vote that's a
vote for Trump you don't vote that to
vote for Trump if you vote for a third
party candidate who's got no chance to
win that's a vote for Trump alrighty so
he's making the same argument that
people on the right side of the aisle
argue about people like me if you vote
third party then it's a vote in favor of
Donald Trump because it's not a vote in
favor of Hillary Clinton they're trying
to convince Gary Johnson voters many of
whom are Democrats to come back into the
fold and vote for Hillary Clinton will
get in a moment more of the Democrats
desperation plus what I think is the big
issue of the day Hillary rolling out the
sexism argument you knew it was coming
and now we finally hit it and it's
really stupid and it's really bad and
I'll explain why at daily wired.com if
you subscribe they're 8 bucks a month
annual subscription gets you a free copy
of Andrew clavin's new book which is
really cool it's it's a good book we're
gonna have mine tomorrow to talk about
the book and why I as a Jew don't have
tremendous objections to the book itself
even though it's about the conversion
experience of an ethnic Jew ethnic Jew
to to Christianity we'll talk about that
and so daily we're calm to subscribe
lots more coming up today if you go
there then you get to be part of the
mailbag you get free copy of Drew's book
if you if you subscribe then you'll get
a if you get an annual subscription then
you'll get a free copy of my novel and
that comes out in a couple of weeks
which is exciting and obviously being
watch the show live as we continue in
the next thirty second
if not check us out later on iTunes and
SoundCloud the number one conservative
podcast in America and we're proud to be
that
you
