this election cycle has been cruel to
those in the prediction business the
race is simply too volatile the
candidates are too unpredictable the
external circumstances are too bizarre
WikiLeaks collapsing at the 9/11
memorial this stuff would be rejected as
straining the bounds of credulity by any
decent fiction editor which means it's
difficult not to fall into the trap of
believing that the immediate is the
permanent so six weeks ago conventional
wisdom and this was my opinion too
was Donald Trump was absolutely gonna
get crushed after all he had
demonstrated no capacity to control
himself he'd appointing the alt-right
pandering new head of Breitbart to his
campaign he was trailing by double
digits in a bevy of swing states then
WikiLeaks started dumping material and
Hillary continued to flail over her
emails and then she went completely
absent from the campaign trail and then
she called half of trumps supporters
deplorable and then she died on camera
and Trump meanwhile began using a
teleprompter and somebody changed his
Twitter password and they duct-taped his
mouth shut at headquarters and
everything looked better suddenly
Trump's got all the momentum and he's
got a bunch of positive pulse to boot
we'll tell you about those in a little
while but while Trump recovered from his
worst showing a few weeks back there's a
reason Hillary Clinton might not recover
she actually has to stop being Hillary
Clinton
so Trump had to stop being Trump in
order to gain in the polls Hillary has
to stop being Hillary in order to gain
in the polls but it was easier for Trump
to stop being Trump
that's because Trump was defined in the
public mind as a borderline nutjob a
crazy guy willing to say or do anything
a wild man to stop being Trump merely
required him to start reading from a
script so like Shia LaBeouf he got on
message during the filming and saved his
actual cannibalism for the off hours for
Hillary the problem runs deeper people
think she's corrupt and dishonest not
crazy corrupt and dishonest that's
mainly because she's corrupt and
dishonest to stop being Hillary she has
to stop being corrupt and dishonest it's
easier to feign sobriety and decency
than it is to feign truthfulness even
when Hillary tells the truth these days
it still sounds like she's lying and
there's no way for her to escape herself
this is the cruel reality of politics
political standards operate exactly like
personal standards if you have a family
member who's an alcoholic homeless
person and if he drives out and goes to
a halfway house he's a success now to
you he's had a great week if you have
another relative who's a vice president
at a bank makes a billion bucks a year
and he blows 15 grand in Vegas he's a
giant failure that week objectively the
alcoholic ranks lower on the humans you
trust
with your children scale than the VPA
chase-manhattan probably they are
holding them to different standards
because this is what we all do the same
thing is true for Trump if he acts like
a rational human he's won but Hillary
has to overcome her serious trust issues
and as Ted Cruz learned it's really
really hard to shake the untrustworthy
label once somebody has applied it even
if you're not actually untrustworthy
which means that Hillary has a serious
lasting problem here she can't just stop
being Hillary Trump could stop being
Trump long enough maybe to make it to
the White House I'm Ben Shapiro this is
the Ben Shapiro show okay so first of
all we have a lot to get to today like
tons to get to you today we'll get to
the mailbag later on in the show we have
an epic stuff I hate segments coming up
and we're gonna talk about everything
from Hillary's health records to Newt
Gingrich saying some pretty ridiculous
things on national TV we'll get to all
of that in just a moment but first we
have to say hello to our friends over at
the tracker comm it's t-h-e the tracker
calm so what is the tracker doing what
the tracker does is you stick it to your
keychain or you stick it to your wallet
and then you have a program on your
phone that allows you to locate your
keys and your and your wallet and and
your phone by the way if you lose your
phone what the tracker does is you can
actually activate the ringer on your
phone so even if you've turned off the
ringer on your phone you've lost your
phone and you have a second cell phone
you want to call your phone try and find
out where it is then you can you can use
the tracker it activates the ring on
your phone so you can actually locate
your phone which is super cool this is
gonna save me a lot of stress in my
marriage personally because I can tell
you that every single morning I get up
and I'm searching around in the dark for
my keys wallet and phone literally every
morning and it isn't there not a day
goes by in my life personally in which
my wife does not lose her phone and
panic until she finds it in her back
pocket this literally happens every
single day so tracker is good I got a
Hillary problem here tractor tractor is
actually going to save our marriage I
think it's the tractor calm then use the
promo code Ben you got thirty percent
off your entire order again that's the
tracker comm right now and you enter
promo clip Ben thirty percent off your
entire order it's a coin size device you
can see it right here it's as big as a
quarter and it works wonders it's really
fantastic product and we're half
have them advertisers make sure you use
the promo code been so that they know
that we sent you okay so lots to get to
today so I want to start off with
continuing questions about Hillary's
health so Hillary finally releases a
letter from her physician
by the way Harambee has also released a
letter from his physician says that
Harambee had a head cold and got a shot
but in any case hillary has a hillary
has released a letter now and this
letter is from her doctor lisa Bardach
who's the diplomat of the American Board
of Internal Medicine and the chair of
internal medicine and Kara Mount medical
and they basically say she's fine that's
that's what that's what it boils down to
the the letter itself says she's been
seen by me regularly this year for
routine care really only goes back to
July 2015 so it doesn't tell you what
happened before July 2015 she could have
had lost a leg in a tragic cotton gin
accident it wouldn't be in this letter
but the what the letter says is that she
has recurrent blood testing for coumadin
dosing and adjustments that's that stuff
that's a blood thinner basically to
prevent blood clots because remember she
had the blood caught in her brain a
little while ago
she says her blood levels have been
relatively stable which is a little
vague she's also had several allergy
flares over the past year which has been
a typical pattern most of her life in
consultation with her allergist she
responded well to her medication
adjustments they say that in January she
developed sinusitis and an ear infection
she was treated with antibiotics and
steroids she had to be given a well I
guess they call it a my rim shot my rim
shot imme tube placed in her left ear in
January 2016 no big deal they said no
abnormalities and then they say that on
September 2nd they diagnosed her with
pneumonia but it was a low-grade
pneumonia they called it a mild non
contagious bacterial pneumonia and then
she became over he didn't dehydrated and
she felt dizzy and she fell over that's
the story from Hillary's position now
there are two questions here one is do
you believe this do you believe this and
that's an open question you can believe
it you cannot believe it I tend to
believe it just because I don't think
doctors and my wife is a doctor I don't
think doctors make a habit of lying
about their patient's medical conditions
publicly like the doctor looks pretty
bad if two weeks from now Hillary slumps
over because it turns out that she had
the Black Plague and she's infected half
the population of the United States
before Randall Flagg shows up like I
just don't think that that's how this is
gonna work
so I tend to believe what's in here
which means and this is the part about
Hillary that's so incredible and it's
why she has a serious problem and so
it means that Hillary actually was not
lying right when Hillary said it was
allergies and she was coughing her lungs
up the doctor says that was basically
right when she says she had pneumonia
yeah she didn't reveal that on Friday
but she did have pneumonia so she wasn't
fibbing about that when she said it was
over heat and dehydration her doctor
says that was true too so now it's on
the doctor it's not just Hillary's
credibility it's the doctors credibility
but even when Hillary tells the truth
now it sounds like she's lying because
she's constantly covering up for things
constantly acting as though nothing bad
is happening constantly acting as though
she's totally fine all the time and this
creates a massive opening for Donald
Trump so CNN's Sanjay Gupta he said you
know Hillary released this health
document this is not technically a
release of medical records but again
there's not this is not a this is
certainly not a release of medical
records by any means this is very
similar in some ways to what we got July
of last year there may be more coming
it's it's a little bit unclear but those
are sort of the highlights Jake and so
he says it's not and it's true it's not
full medical records so Donald Trump
does something smart Donald Trump goes
on dr. Oz's Show and he releases his
records on dr. oz so there was a lot of
confusion yesterday he said he wasn't
gonna release his records on dr. oz at
first he'd said he was gonna hand the
records over to dr. oz and then dr. oz
would reveal them to him Maury Povich
style and presumably some snaggletooth
woman walk out of the back because it
was a paternity test too but instead
what ends up happening is what you see
here if your health is as strong as it
seems from your review systems why not
share your medical records why not well
I have really no problem in doing it I
have it right here I mean should I do it
I don't care it's two letters one is the
report and the other is from Lennox Hill
Hospital saying yes you so these are the
report this is from those were all the
tests they were just done okay and then
he goes through it and he says basically
your normal Trump says he's a guy guess
236 pounds he's slightly overweight they
say that he's on he's on some medication
for his cholesterol which is normal for
people who are 70 his blood pressure is
fine he said that he feels like he's 35
and when he golf's with Tom Brady he
feels like he's just slightly older than
Tom Brady which is delusional but in any
case what he says is that this is good
TV and it looks like he's being much
more transparent than Hillary who's
releasing these let
what Hilary should have done is gone on
TV to release the letters the same way
that Trump did Trump understands how TV
works Hillary doesn't Trump appears
honest Hillary does not so Trump was in
a rally yesterday and Trump really is
now and here's where Trump almost can't
help himself this is this actually has a
bit of a boo-boo by Trump Trump in the
middle of his campaign speech he goes
off teleprompter and he starts actually
ripping on Hillary's health as opposed
to her dishonesty after giving what
looks like a bizarre come hither look to
the audience in this beautiful room
that's 122 degrees it is hot and it's
always hot when I perform because the
crowds are so big these rooms were not
designed for this kind of a crowd I
don't know folks you think Hillary would
be able to stand up here for an hour and
do this
it's it's comedy snake it's a roast and
Trump treats it like a roast the reason
I say that this is silly is because she
just released her medical records he
should be doing the routine you know
whatever she says her health is I'm sure
that's what her health is but she's been
dishonest in the past and her dishonesty
makes people not trust her that's that's
really what he should be saying but you
know I also think that it's noteworthy
that he says whenever I get up here and
I perform
he's a presidential candidate not a
performer but he still thinks himself as
a performer okay but needless to say
Hillary has some serious problems
everyone thinks she's lying about
everything to the point where Hillary's
on TV yesterday and she said she was
transparent and literally everyone in
the room started laughing I've worked
very very hard to be more transparent
than not just my opponent in a
comparison to anybody you know that's
the medical information I put out and
we're gonna put out more meets that
exceeds the standards that other
presidential candidates including
President Obama and you know Mitt Romney
and others have met okay she met in
here's the problem for Hillary she might
actually not be lying here but she's
always lines we have to assume she's
lying somebody today said to me that
maybe what we should do is we should put
both of these candidates on a lie
detector and find out who's lying more
often I said the problem for Hillary is
that in order for a lie detector test to
actually work there has to be a baseline
right they have to be able to test the
lies against something so if you lie a
hundred percent of the time there's
nothing to test it against it comes
across as truth right if I ask you your
name and you just lie about your name
and that's the baseline then everything
else that you say that's a lie also
looks like the truth this is the problem
for Hillary the media have not helped
Hillary in this respect by attempting to
quash questions about Hillary's health
instead of asking questions about
Hillary's health they've put themselves
in a position of now covering for
Hillary Adam Carolla his friends with
dr. drew I think dr. drew is kind of a
schmuck but Adam Carolla is his friends
with dr. drew and they do a show
together and apparently dr. drew let's
head to Adam Carolla directly that he
won't talk about Hillary's health
anymore because he's afraid there'll be
career ramifications from the mainstream
media for even mentioning it with all
this Hillary Clinton and all
the pneumonia and all this stuff I
thought let's get drew to call in and
just tell us how pneumonia works what we
should be looking out for in Drew's mind
he cannot come on this podcast and speak
about Hillary Clinton I said just come
on and talk about pneumonia you can talk
about pneumonia and then we'll do the
Hillary Clinton math no got a couple of
deals brewing now and he does not want
to risks okay so that that fact right
there the idea that dr. drew won't go on
Adam Carolla showing even talk about
Hillary's health for fear of the
backlash that's pretty amazing stuff
that's pretty amazing stuff because I
mean let's be real there are lots of TV
doctors who speculate about the health
and public figures on a pretty regular
basis it also doesn't help when you've
got Bill Clinton out there screwing up
your health diagnosis every five seconds
now here's the thing Bill Clinton
probably knows about as much about
Hillary's health as I do because bill
probably talks to her about as often as
I do I mean bill has other priorities
he's got other ladies that he likes to
talk to or not talk to as the case may
be other receptacles other other human
humidors that he that he is more
interested in chatting with but bill
yesterday he goes out there and Hillary
just has the flu we thought you had
pneumonia there who says the flu right
it's a crazy time we live in you know
when people think there's something
unusual about getting the flu
next time I checked I thought I checked
because people were getting it every
year I don't know what having a belt
then he looks like such a creeper now he
legitimately looks like the child
molester from Family Guy I mean II just
that just they really I don't know how
else to describe him here that so that's
what he looks like but but he says the
flu and then everybody goes wait but she
said she had pneumonia so who's telling
the truth and then they say I'll Bill
Clinton made a mistake but he's her
husband shouldn't he know that he
shouldn't know that they haven't been in
the same 30-mile proximity since the
convention when he just stared at the
giant balloons coming from the sky and
thought about Dolly Parton bill went on
to also cover up you know Hillary's
email scandal again the lack of honesty
on the part of the Clintons is so
astounding that even when Hillary is
telling the truth even if her doctor is
telling the truth about her health
there's no way for anybody to tell that
after all the hullabaloo over this email
deal
you know it was a for a year we were
told this is biggest problem since the
end of World War two
finally the washington post their
everlasting credit say i think we've had
about enough of this okay so but but we
haven't had enough of this so again
they're covering up everything and the
clinton foundation is doing the same
thing the head of the clinton foundation
down a shillelagh was on TV yesterday
and she was saying there was no impact
that the clinton foundation was working
hand in glove with the state department
and corrupt fashion
no one believes this no one believes
what the clinton foundation president's
about to tell you with all respect how
can you dispute that the lines were
crossed we have evidence of it from the
emails no there's no evidence that
policy was impacted by anyone's
requesting an appointment so let me
dispute any indication that mrs.
clinton's behavior on policy was changed
in any way the most important thing is
this is a magnificent foundation that
has reinvested reinvented philanthropy
from Malawi to Haiti to Carta hanga
we're doing a spectacular work and we
have to make sure that that work
continues but not under the Clinton
Foundation's umbrella if you live as
much if you're constantly lying
no one's gonna trust you even when you
tell the truth it's the boy who cried
wolf you live as much no one is going to
believe you when the wolf is finally
there but when you tell the truth when
it turns out you actually did have
pneumonia and it was just an allergy
that no one's gonna believe you and so
people don't believe you and the polls
show that today the polls by the way for
Hillary Clinton aren't devastating I
mean she is now hitting the panic button
somewhere Joe Biden is just sitting in a
corner crying to himself because if
you're running do you understand I think
it's important people understand this
Donald Trump is not soaring in the polls
he's at 42% against Hillary Clinton in
the New York Times poll which means
they're tied okay that's how bad Hillary
Clinton is at this Hillary Clinton is
legitimately the worst candidate in
American political history she's going
to lose to Donald Trump okay I could
find small children who could beat
Donald Trump in an election and it would
not be hard for me to do it I could find
farm animals we beat Donald Trump in an
election diseased farm animals who would
likely beat Donald Trump in an election
Hillary Clinton is gonna lose to him
because she's so terrible at all of this
which frankly to me is hilarious because
she deserves
all that I mean she just as you know I
am NOT a Donald Trump fan we'll talk
about that in a little while here but
that said there will be something sweet
and wonderful about Hillary lusting her
entire life after the highest office in
the land only to fall short to a TV
Orange con man it'll just be it'll be it
just that this woman's built her entire
life around politics slunk out of it by
a guy who decided to get into politics
almost legitimately a minute and 45
seconds ago it's just it's I do love it
I do love it okay we have taking a quick
break for US tax shield so folks if you
have problems with the IRS if you have
failed to pay back taxes if you've
forgotten to pay if you've miscalculated
or maybe it was just a bad actor and you
didn't pay your taxes now it's the time
to fix that you don't want to let the
IRS rack that up on you
particularly as the political process
moves forward the IRS is politicized you
want to talk to them now get this stuff
settled right now go to US tax shield
they have an A+ rating with the Better
Business Bureau and they help people
with personal tax liabilities business
payroll taxes fees penalties when you
caught what what you call them for a
free consultation and they actually will
conference call with the IRS and find
out how much money you owe then they'll
actually give you a quote on on the
phone and they will tell you on the
phone specifically what the what the
amount you're going to be charged will
be and at that point that quote never
changes they have a Fresh Start program
it helps you come clean with the IRS and
settle your debt in a short period of
time you can call them right now for a
free consultation at 856-881-2869
on teleprompter as I said all we need
from Trump is to is to be Shia LeBeouf
when he's reading from the script that
Shia LaBeouf when he's being thrown out
of a Broadway musical for trying to eat
the flesh off another human being
so if Trump can do that if you can just
think to teleprompters yesterday for
example he dropped this great line about
Flint Michigan do we have this this
Trump line from Flint this clip 10 it
used to be think of this is this true
it used to be cars were made in Flint
and you couldn't drink the water in
Mexico now the cars are made in Mexico
and you can't drink the water in Flint
right right it's a great line it's a
pre-written line it's a great line I
love that wouldn't Trump does the the
comedian shtick where he turns around
starts singing only the audience yeah
ain't that a great joke come on I mean
this is this is good stuff this is good
stuff this is why Trump the polls right
now Trump is is now neck and neck in
Virginia which has to scare the living
crap out of Hillary she just pulled all
of her resources from Virginia cuz she
figured she had it won he's running in
that connect in Colorado that's a
disaster for her he's running ahead in
Ohio he's running ahead in Florida he's
running up head by 8 in Iowa he's
running ahead in in Nevada by a couple
of points he's running ahead in Arizona
he's running a little ahead in North
Carolina folks if he wins that many
states he wins the election we're
talking about President Donald Trump
were they're getting I mean we really
are that's how that's how close this
thing is we'll talk more about that and
we'll talk about the dangers and what
what this involves when we continue and
you can watch us in daily wired to watch
that daily wired.com eight bucks a month
means you become a subscriber and
subscribers gets right in to the vaunted
ben shapiro mailbag which we will be
doing absolutely shortly plus you can
continue to watch this thing live there
enough to wait for us to release the
audio later on iTunes or SoundCloud you
don't have to be plunged into into the
black hole of failure you go to daily
wired icons subscribe right now and
become part of the daily wire team and
we'll be glad to see you there in 30
seconds
