the fallout continues over Donald
Trump's new childcare plan Trump said he
devised the plan after he heard his
daughter Ivanka saying to him daddy
daddy daddy give baby childcare plan
apparently Ivanka had been saying that
for a while but Trump couldn't hear
because his wife Melania was
simultaneously saying daddy daddy daddy
give baby diamonds and the two women
drowned each other out Trump says the
plan will provide help for hard-working
parents by allowing them to transfer
ownership of their construction
companies directly to their children
while still receiving profits for
themselves without paying any taxes
Trump says this will allow parents to
earn more millions of samolians while
still being able to write their names in
large gold letters on top of all the
buildings they construct for those
parents who for some reason don't happen
to own construction companies the plan
will provide some sort of something or
other but whatever these federal
benefits are they will be available to
single mothers who are only having
children to collect federal benefits and
to same-sex couples who have adopted
children or simply purchase them in
Haiti conservative commentators hailed
the Trump plan saying it's about time an
outsider stuck it to the Republican
establishment by providing more federal
entitlements and driving the country
deeper into debt according to Sean
Hannity of Fox News quote Republicans
have to show their support for the
traditional family by encouraging more
illegitimate children and gay parents
and any vichy Glenn Beck of a traitor
who doesn't like it will feel the steely
edge of my hand slicing into his throat
because I know karate
unquote and if he then shouted kiai and
drove his fist into a cinderblock
shattering three knuckles on the other
side Hillary Clinton speaking to
reporters through a medium who went into
a trance in order to establish contact
with the other side
countered Trump's proposal by offering a
plan of her own the Democrat childcare
plan will provide federal funds to pay
for children's education health care
parental vacation time Pokemon posters
those adorable pink t-shirts with
Christmas lights blinking around a
picture of a pony and babies new pair of
shoes if the dice hit the point before
coming up snake-eyes conservative
commentators denounced the Democrat plan
saying it was about time we stopped
providing all these federal entitlements
that are driving the country deeper into
debt according to Sean Hannity of
Fox News quote the Clinton plan is just
another example of how the federal
government wants to take over every
aspect of our lives
this is why 17 out of every 8 white men
have dropped out of the workforce and
the poverty rate has risen more than 11
T 100 percent since Barack Obama was
spawned in a hideous conjugal right
between the devil and Mia Farrow unquote
he then shouted kiai
and kicked a two-by-four shattering
three toes upon reviewing the competing
child care plans Hillary Clinton and
Donald Trump vowed to vote for one
another calling the opposing candidate
the best Democrat for the job trigger
warning
I'm Andrew Clavin and this is the Andrew
play veto I take full responsibility for
that you actually I'm just used to
writing in a room by myself and thinking
gosh this guy's funny alright so
everything is happening exactly as I
told you it was gonna happen like two
weeks ago and so today I'm gonna tell
you what's gonna happen next
okay so that this is where the future
comes to announce itself and if you if
you are a subscriber you are now
watching live on The Daily wire we had
an experiment where we tried to get live
questions for the mailbag yesterday
didn't quite come off the questions just
came in as I was ending the question
time which was unfortunate but next time
we'll try it we'll try it again and
we'll do it till we get it right but you
can only be in the mailbag if you
subscribe if you give us your lousy
eight bucks a month and then you get to
watch both me and then and get to be in
the mailbag if you don't you're watching
the first 15 minutes on Facebook or
YouTube Facebook or YouTube and then we
black you out come and Rob the eight
bucks from you anyway while you're in
the darkness but you can't come over the
daily wire and hear the rest or on
soundcloud or iTunes until you subscribe
also this is the last week to pre-order
the great good thing a secular Jew comes
to faith in Christ my memoir and if you
preorder it you can send your receipt to
the a clayvin at daily wire.com
and someone will sign a sticker with my
name on it oh maybe me and we'll send it
back to you all right so we're gonna get
the general colin powell's
males somebody wrote me a tree after
reading the emails and said shouldn't
Colin Powell be president and I said at
this point I would vote for Colin
Farrell I would vote for Will Ferrel
before William Powell
anybody but emails but first I just want
to talk about the polls for a minute the
new polls which show the National race
is closed now to a statistical
meaninglessness I mean they're like 1.8
percent in the Real Clear Politics
average which includes older polls so
it's a lagging indicator this is what
you heard from me the Florida and Ohio
Trump has a substantial like a
five-point lead and he now has a chance
of winning this thing and I kept
predicting this not just because Clinton
has been having such a horrible time
with the corruption or sickness
collapsing like that but also what none
of the commentators want to say is Trump
has been doing very well I'm not talking
about his who he is I'm not talking
about what he'll actually do as
president I'm simply saying that his
trip to Mexico his trip to the African
American church he went to Flint
Michigan you know he's been doing stuff
he went to Louisiana during the floods
whatever Steve Bannon and his crew have
come over to do it is working he has
transformed him you know he's he hasn't
been sending out those stupid tweets
about like some minor guy who attacked
him yesterday he was in Flint just to
give you an example he was in Flint he
went to an after a small
african-american church got off a great
line about Flint you know where they're
having this water thing the water is all
poisoned so they can't drink here's what
he said and then watch what happened
next
I wrote out a few things and I thought
I'd mentioned one of them that I thought
about and I've seen around a little bit
and I said did anybody else ever think
of this because it's very interesting
but it used to be cars were made in
Flint and you couldn't drink the water
in Mexico now the cars are made in
Mexico and you can't drink the water in
Flint that's not good
Hillary failed on the economy just like
she has failed on foreign policy
everything she touched didn't work out
nothing now Hillary Clinton okay
okay that's good now you know so she
interrupted him and she kept cutting him
off and then some people started
heckling him and stuff like this and the
press exalted in this oh yeah the blacks
don't like Donna but it turned out he
came off looking much more graceful than
they were they invited him he started to
give this speech the minute he went
after Hillary they shut him down and he
was polite about it and very nice about
it
he's been just coming off looking good
they've got him somewhat under control
it also speaks I hate to say it but it
speaks well of him that he's learned
something you know he's learned that you
can't always do what you want to do you
got to be you know you got to lead the
country he actually if you think about
it has more motivation to be a good
president and once he gets elected than
anybody else he's got enough money
probably we can't see his tax returns so
we don't know but he's obviously not
living hand-to-mouth he's got he's got
enough money he just wants to be loved
and he wants to up his name recognition
at this point so because of this and and
this is just what's happening I mean the
email scandal has been a real scandal
the health thing on the Hillary side has
been a real thing and Trump's been doing
well so the Democrats are panicking
because the one thing they own is they
own this Empire of Lies which is the
mainstream media the networks the New
York Times which sets the budget of all
these other papers across the country LA
Times all these papers are in the tank
for the Democrats and they're losing
control of it so now what's gonna happen
now and it's already started is they're
gonna start to do a trump rightly called
this Bobby Knight defense you know Bobby
Knight was the loudmouth basketball
coach who would abuse the referees so
badly that they would start to make
calls in his favor just because they
were a dove being abused the Bobby
Knight in chief of course is Barack
Obama earlier this week he was out
campaigning for Hillary Clinton because
she was sick and be she's just so
unlikable to get somebody else out there
so he and who doesn't he go after he
goes after the press
not take this election for grant we got
to fight for this thing there are
serious issues at stake in this election
behind all the frivolous stuff that gets
covered every day and let me just let me
just make a comment about that because I
look I'm not running this time but I
sure do get frustrated with the way this
campaign is covered I'm just telling the
truth guys in the back I'm just telling
you the truth about how I feel about
this do you mind if I just bent for a
second
you know you know the you don't give you
don't grade the presidency on a curve
this is serious business
and when we see folks talking about
transparency you want to debate
transparency you've got one candidate in
this race who's released decade's worth
of her tax returns the other candidate
is the first in decades who refuses to
release any at all
you want to debate foundations and
charities one candidates Family
Foundation has saved countless lives
around the world the other candidates
Foundation took money other people gave
to his charity and then bought a
six-foot-tall painting of himself okay
well a lot of that it was untrue but
that's not the point the point is
remember we had Kim strosahl here right
and she talked about how Obama
essentially ordered the IRS to start
coming down on conservative groups but
he never did it by picking up the phone
and saying hey you know start holding up
the requests of these conservative
groups he went out and made speeches
about these dangerous groups who had
innocent-sounding names like and then he
would name these Tea Party conservative
groups and make them sound like foreign
entities and all this stuff and they got
the idea and I compared it while we were
talking to him I compared it to Henry
the second the King of England who
ordered the assassination of Thomas
Becket this priest who wouldn't do what
he wanted him to do by saying the the
archbishop essentially one who wouldn't
do what he wanted to do by just saying
so people could hear him will no one rid
me of this troublesome priest you know
he didn't have to say go out and kill
him he just said well no and and that's
what he did this is what Obama is now
doing with the press and the press hears
the whistle they hear that dog whistle
right away here is Lawrence what's his
name Lawrence with Donald from in an
MSNBC he's pick him up on it right away
Donald Trump threatening World War three
over a gesture Donald Trump said he
would start a shooting war with Iran if
Iranian zin little boat says he called
them made gestures toward our destroyers
the most lethal warships in history and
Trump campaign saw a truly a former
federal prosecutor justified war crimes
that Donald Trump has said he wants to
commit by saying that in war anything is
legal he said that in the country that
prosecuted Nazis for war crimes at
Nuremberg we
secured eleven of them for what rudy
guiliani now says is legal because in
war anything is legal and then he goes
on and says but the press the press is
not covering this properly and he goes
basting the press you know twisting
obviously twisting what Giuliani said
and and then lambasting the press and
this is going to continue it it already
happened after the commander-in-chief
forum where they started picking on the
moderator saying he didn't do a good job
just because Trump came off better Trump
didn't do a good job but he came off a
little better than Hillary Clinton so
that had to be Matt Lauer's fault so
they picked on Matt Lauer but let's take
a look let's just take a look yesterday
: pals hacked emails come out right
there in DC leaks which is they say
connected to Russian hackers okay and
Powell says these are his emails and he
also said oh and they'll be a lot more
of him coming down the pike so this is :
pal yeah he says there's more of them
coming
so Powell is basically a Democrat
sympathizer
he calls he called Trump an idiot he
called him a national disgrace he called
him an international pariah and no
nothing he said the whole birther thing
was racists and blacks would never let
Trump forget it by the way I really
don't agree with this I mean maybe the
birther movement was racist but the
birther movement was a reaction to
Obama's secrecy his all those present
votes in Congress by which he hid his
radical agenda so they wouldn't be able
to tote up his votes and show how
radical he was all the lying about
Jeremiah Wright I went to this church
where this guy was damming America but I
never heard him say that I went there 20
years 20 years but I never heard him say
that you know hanging out with Bill
Ayers just a guy in the neighborhood but
in fact this terrorist was the guy who
helps start his political career you
know it was the sense that he doesn't
like America that there's something on
American about him and I think that
sense turns out to have been utterly
correct everything he said that made him
sound American was a lie everything he
said he wouldn't do he has done he's
been a radical guy and that's where the
birther movement comes from and it also
comes from the fact that Trump's an
idiot and he believes everything he
hears because obviously the guy was born
in Hawaii so there's no weight to it but
I think the spinning of it as racist is
and ridiculous but anyway okay that's
the stuff he says about Trump but the
stuff he says about Clinton is
devastating especially because he says
she's his friend right and the famous
one was he says I would rather not have
to vote for her although she is a friend
I respect speaking about Clinton : pals
became alkalyn he calls her a
seventy-year-old person with a long
track record unbridled ambition greedy
not transformational with a husband
still you know we'll call Richard Dean
you know they said Richard the short
name for Richard it's just if you say
blanking he come up with a dirtier word
but he he's still Richard Dean bimbos at
home according to the NYP the I assume
he means the New York police are
watching him Shepherd the bit at least
we know Bill Clinton is healthy enough
to be President but he's still out there
doing it all right he says everything
Clinton touches she kinds of screws up
with hubris overweening pride right mrs.
Clinton's mishandling of her emails the
email scandal has given her a major
problem I started to protest about the
fact that she was accusing him do we
have this that clip of him of Hillary
talking to Bret Baier trying to stick
him with the email yeah
play play this this is Hillary trying to
stick : pal with her private server :
Powell's emails were retroactively
leaked classified from more than 10
years ago as he said that was an
absurdity I could not agree more I echo
: pile on this release it and once the
American people see it they will know
how absurd this is so : Powell and I are
exactly
: pal and I are exactly on the same page
and we'll find out more about how
exactly on the same page there they are
after if you come over to the Daily wire
we got to leave you on Facebook and
YouTube now so long
