on Tuesday CNN ORAC released a new poll
that could be a game-changer for Donald
Trump if the poll isn't an outlier it
shows Trump up 45 percent to 43 percent
over Hillary now obviously if that holds
up he'd be winning but there's something
even more significance in this poll than
prior polls showing him up slightly over
Hillary it shows him breaking what
appears to be this 41% ceiling I talk
about a lot
Trump hadn't broken 41 percent since one
mod myth poll in July in that one who's
losing 45 to 43
before that since May Trump's biggest
problem in this election cycle has been
his total inability to translate
Hillary's wild unpopularity into his own
popularity he's been stuck in the polls
every time the polls narrow it's only
because Hillary has been unable to boost
her favorability rating she'll drop from
like 47 to 41 if Trump is truly stuck
below 42 he can't win the election he
and Hillary will be splitting about 90%
of the vote assume the other 10% goes to
Gary Johnson and Jill Stein meaning that
if he stuck at 42 she beats him 48 to 42
but if he's moving above 42 percent the
race is an entirely new ball game
there's more stunning information in
this poll to Trump's favorability
ratings are higher than Clinton's 45 to
40 to fully 16% of Americans label
immigration their top concern in the
election about 20 percent say the
economy Trump is leading on the economy
slightly behind on immigration Trump is
beating Hillary on the economy 56 to 41
he's seen as more trustworthy by 50
percent of the public only 35 percent
think Hillary's trustworthy he's seen as
more strong and decisive than she has by
margin of 52 42 the male gender gap is
worse for Hillary 52 to 32 for Trump
then the female gender gap is good for
her 52 to 38 for her Trump's defeating
Hillary among independents by 20 percent
these are terrible terrible numbers for
Hillary Clinton now it's worth noting
here a couple of things about this poll
the Republicans have a +4 sample and
that is not really reflective of the
voting base usually in presidential
elections plus there's a big difference
between registered voters and likely
voters in this particular poll when
there's a big swing like that it usually
means the polls an outlier but it is
possible that new Trump is seeing
movement because new Trump is better
than old Trump new Trump's on the
teleprompter he's demonstrating he's not
a national security risk by traveling to
Mexico and acting like a normal human
he's attempting to moderate his yes and
immigration meanwhile Hillary is
floundering in
corruption which means that Trump may be
convincing Americans
he's a plausible alternative to Hillary
if that happens if she's unable to cast
him as completely unacceptable
under any circumstances President Trump
could actually become a reality i'm ben
shapiro this is the ben shapiro show so
as you can see i'm gonna be guzzling
water this entire show because like
hillary clinton i'm dying of the black
lung we'll get to that in just a second
but first want to say hello to one of
our great sponsors frame bridge frame
bridge comm is the place to go if you
need frames now for me you know i spend
tons and tons and tons of money on frame
stuff at all sorts of memorabilia i've
got all sorts of graphs we've got
posters and they're really expensive if
you've ever had to had to frame
something big this stuff can cost you
hundreds and hundreds of dollars
well what's great about frame bridge is
you go on their site and they take a
look at you take a look at their various
options you can pick your frame online
and then you send them your pictures and
they take great care of your pictures
they don't actual and they're not gonna
ruin them they create a guarantee for
you they're not gonna they're not gonna
ruin anything that you send to them and
their pricing is really straightforward
it's it's instagram photos for 39 bucks
a small photo from 59 a standard movie
posters 139 which sounds expensive
until you realize that's a customized
movie poster frame for 139 dollars which
is way less than it would be i frame
something like a newspaper newspaper
cover maybe a year and a half ago cost
me three hundred dollars to frame it so
this cost you about half frame bridge is
fantastic you go to frame bridge comm
and you pick out the frame you want and
they have designers who can also help
you choose the frame and you can upload
your pictures directly to them or send a
physical picture for them to frame right
now if you go to frame bridge comm and
use the promo code ben you'll save an
additional 15% off your first order so
make sure frame bridge comm remember the
promo code ben that lets them know that
there that you're coming because you
listen to the show and that allows them
to continue advertising with us and keep
all of our otherwise unemployable
minions in a job so frame bridge comm
and that's promo code ben 15% off of the
first order okay so tons to get to today
lots to get to today here on the bed and
shapiro show so we'll start off with the
fact that hillary the the big story of
the weekend was not hillary having her
coughing fits will get to hillary in her
coughing fits in just a minute the big
story the weekend happened on Friday
there's a big Friday news stump and this
Friday news dump was the FBI handing out
these documents about why it didn't
incite Hillary Clinton when you read the
documents one thing is clear there is no
way in living hell Hillary Clinton
should not have been indicted one of two
things is true from these documents one
Hillary's the most incompetent person
ever like ever
she makes yes she makes historic
incompetence like the Emperor Nero
look like just the most competent people
in the world she's super incompetent or
she's a full-scale criminal here's what
it said in this report here eleven
things that said in this report first
remember Hillary promised the reason she
set up the private server is because she
only wanted to use one blackberry in one
email account well we knew that she had
at least two email accounts she at least
two phone numbers and she had at least
13 BlackBerry's at least 13 mobile
devices right so she didn't set it up
just to use one blackberry and then when
she was done with her blackberry she
didn't preserve them so the documents
would be available from the SIM card
instead she had her aides actually take
them out and used a hammer to break them
right like an office the office space
style like they took them out into a
field somewhere with a jackhammer and
they played rap music as Hillary went
out there with her with her Walker took
the tennis balls off the ends of it and
just beat the beat the phone sitteth
okay also Hillary told the FBI she had
no clue how classified intelligence work
so remember she's the most qualified
woman in the history of the world right
she knows everything she's super
qualified she's super professional she
had no clue how classification worked
according to the FBI quote Clinton could
not give an example of how
classification of a document was
determined she'd not recall receiving
any email she thought should not be on
an unclassified system there's an email
in there about a Pakistani drone attack
okay you and I know that that's
classified stuff but she said that
didn't give her any cause for concern
over classification she had almost
18,000 work-related emails from the
State Department you remember she said I
handed over all my work-related emails
to the State Department she deleted
30,000 of those 18,000 of those were
work-related that she had not handed
over okay she also wiped her email again
after the New York Times reported the
private server said she handed over her
stuff to the State Department she wiped
it the New York Times reports she has a
private server and this was from the FBI
report okay one person interviewed the
person who worked on her server said
quote he
indicated he believed he had an oh bleep
moment Oh bleep being a horse poop
moment and sometimes between March 25th
and 31st 2015 to lead it the clinton
archive mailbox so he realized that it
could go public he deleted everything no
it's not a cover-up not a cover-up my
favorite thing about this report Hillary
said she didn't think that a see on the
emails who was marked with a C she said
she didn't realize that meant
confidential shouldn't know what that
meant what did she think I meant she
meant cheese which you think was the C
was for and it's unbelievable right she
said that she thought that it was it was
at the beginning of paragraphs and it
was referencing paragraphs marked in
alphabetical order this is why she also
takes three-year-old children to r-rated
movies because she thinks they CN for
refreshing and she also brought her
blackberry into a secure State
Department area so they say you're not
supposed to bring your blackberry in
here because we have all sorts of secure
information in here didn't matter she
brought in anyway there were 81
classified email chains containing 8
email chains classified top secret in
these emails but remember none of it was
classified Hillary also apparently put
Americans at risk
according to catherine herridge of fox
news
she discussed an undercover asset on her
email server and outed him after he was
dead which of course exposed his family
to risk and then she told her lawyers to
destroy everything but she didn't
participate in developing the specific
process by which things were destroyed
yeah sure and finally she attempted to
avoid scrutiny so when she broke one for
blackberries for example the State
Department said you know what we'll give
you a new blackberry and she found out
that that new blackberry would require
all of that material to be discoverable
right all that and so she said now I'm
not gonna take the State Department
blackberry I don't need the State
Department blackberry right so all this
is what the FBI says so James Comey
comes out he says she didn't have intent
if she didn't have intent
she's the stupidest woman on the face of
the earth I mean if she didn't have
intent she fell off the stupid tree and
she had every branch on the way down if
she didn't have intent she was dropped
on a pile of bricks as a baby straight
on her head I mean so either she's
unbelievably stupid and unqualified or
she had intent right so Comey took the
fall well Hillary is totally dishonest
and the polls are showing it right and
because of the polls are showing it
she's got trouble so Hillary decides his
finally
to take questions from the press so here
is Hillary taking questions from the
press really and I'll come back talk to
you more formally but I want to welcome
you on to the plane a good time the last
moment of Oh mark last moments before
the mad dash the next two months so I
hope you guys are ready I'm ready okay
crazy old lady addresses her sick
offense so I love the fact that you walk
Sanchez this is what I've been waiting
for who was stopping you
I mean it's been a year since you did a
press conference who was stopping you I
bet they let you out of your cage like
what happened suddenly she should I've
been waiting for this for years well you
could have done it like a long time ago
but you didn't so and I love the first
two questions from the press right how
was your weekend Oh hard-hitting stuff
from the press the press really hitting
her hearts they wait for a year for a
press conference
she finally shows up and the first two
questions are how are you feeling and
how was your weekend okay
like I asked that to my wife after she
had long call as a doctor I asked that
to my friends at the office
I don't ask that to the presidential
candidate who hasn't shown her face
right she's like it's like The Wizard of
Oz hiding behind this manufactured
picture of her and they finally pull
back the curtain right imagine Dorothy
goes to see Wizard of Oz they finally
pull back the curtain instead of saying
oh my god you're there and you're not
the way you're not the Great and
Powerful oz imagines just said how are
you doing how was your Labor Day weekend
that's basically what happened here they
reveal the Wicked Witch of the West and
the first question isn't why do you fly
around on a broom and write Surrender
Dorothy in the sky the first question is
how was your Labor Day weekend all right
and so the press are totally in the tank
for her and one of the reasons that so
many people are rallying behind Trump is
because no matter what the press just
appeared to be in the tank so Jake
Tapper who is one of the better
reporters on CNN which is not saying a
lot Jake Tapper he has on Rudy Giuliani
and watch him press Rudy Giuliani on
something that is at least five years
old
Donald Trump
talking about this as recently as
February of last year
at CPAC saying that he thinks the birth
certificate is false should he just
apologize for this to let he really
wants to reach out to minority voters
you know if everybody apologize for all
the things they said in politics all we
be doing on television shows is
apologizing let's get down to the basic
issue here for years people say
Republicans don't reach out to the
african-american community well you
reach it out to the african-american
community
okay well Giuliani first of all it
should Trump have backed off the birther
stuff a long time sure but why are we
talking about it now I love the Jake
Tapper's like as recently as 18 months
ago he was saying something as reason
okay 18 months ago my baby was not even
conceived yet okay 18 months ago is a
long time ago that's it's it's really
ridiculous I mean the media asking about
birtherism in the middle of the election
cycle now talk about old news it's
amazing there's a for Hillary Clinton
everything is old news everything is all
in the is mainly cuz she's all but
everything is all in this with Donald
Trump nothing is old news with the
Republican in several news with Mitt
Romney could cut a kid's hair in 1957
and it wasn't old news
Donald Trump says something 18 months
ago it's not old news Hillary Clinton on
Friday it turns out that she's basically
should have been indicted old news old
news and watch Gloria Borger read Gloria
Borger
goes after Ivanka Trump she has Ivanka
Trump is your data sexist and so if I
ask you the question flat out is he a
sexist it's absolutely not a success
there's no way I could be the person I
am today if my father was a sexist I
would not be one of his senior most
executives and I would not be working
shoulder-to-shoulder with my brothers I
would be working for my brother's if at
all so you know I think actions
ultimately speak louder than words
my father has 40 years of history of
employing women okay so I'm not gonna
pay attention to her answer here because
I have my own issues with the answer but
here's the point when was the last time
you saw Chelsea Clinton on TV being
asked of her dad who rapes women is a
sexist ever has that ever happened as
Chelsea Clinton ever been on TV and
somebody just said hey your dad raped
people is he a sexist right your mom
covers up for the rape
she is sexist right you never heard that
ever it's never gonna happen the media
are so all in for Hillary and that's
what makes that poll that I was talking
about at the top so amazing is Trump
competitive with the media all in for
Hillary Clinton this way watch this one
here's that black Trump supporters names
Pastor Mark burns and and CNN goes
directly after him right did you make
that claim this is not fair this is not
what I greet oh I thought we were doing
a profile and all of a sudden you're
here too I try to destroy I'm never just
for your character these are claims that
were made on your website that was live
while you were speaking at the
Republican National Convention my
question is are those claims accurate I
understand this is what media does okay
so they go after mark burns because he's
a black guy who doesn't have the who
doesn't have the backing of the media
he's backing Donald Trump notice again
I'm not saying everything mark Burns has
done is right or that he wasn't lying
about his resume all I'm saying is
there's a guy named Shaun King was a
legitimate white guy who's the black
columnist for the New York Daily News
when's the last time you saw him on
national TV and them asking him about by
the way your white guy has that ever
happened ever so the media are all in
for Hillary Clinton and Hillary there
they're throwing Hillary softball after
softball now they're asking Hillary
about Monica Lewinsky so in order to gin
up in order to gin up some sort of
sympathy for Hillary Clinton
you get Hillary Clinton you know being
asked about Monica Lewinsky her fight it
is ironic that Hillary Clinton's finest
hour in American politics was the
American public feeling bad for her
because some other woman was giving her
husband pleasureful entertainment in the
Oval Office
here's Hillary now playing the victim
again she could have divorced him years
ago right whom is divorcing Anthony
Weiner but Hillary gets to play victim
over Lewinsky again on CNN what was it
to go through something so private so
personal under the glare of the
spotlight as the first lady it was
really hard it was painful and I was so
supported by my friends my friends just
rallied around they would come they
would try to make me laugh they would
recommend books to read we'd go for long
walks we'd hang out you know eat bad
food I mean just the kind of things your
friends and it it was something that you
just had to get up every day and and try
to deal with look how they're still
carrying on a public lean stop it we've
had they're rehabilitating her here
right she's a victim again we're going
back to 1998 first of all she'd known
for years and years
her husband was allowed and a cheater
and a rapist she knew all this stuff for
years and there she is they're gonna
play her as the victim again right she
starts to lose the first thing they do
is they start playing the old you should
have sympathy for Hillary because her
husband's a dog routine that would be
all fine and good except that she's
stuck with him even though he was a dog
and she rode him to power even though he
was a dog and she defended him and
covered for him and threatened people
even though he was a dog you never see
the media ask her those questions now
the American people are smarter than
this they can see through this you know
I don't tend to give the American people
a lot of credit on a lot of issues but
on this one they can see through Hillary
Clinton they understand enough to know
that Hillary Clinton is deeply deeply
corrupt and so the defense's that are
now being presented by the people on her
side of the aisle are weak as water I
mean these are not even weak tea these
are just water here's Tim Kaine or vice
presidential candidate who looks more
and more befuddled every day I mean Mike
Pence looks befuddled on the other side
I think the Battle of the defilements
between Tim Kaine and Mike Pence is
gonna be something to behold and those
vice presidential debates are just gonna
stand it stare at each other quizzically
the entire time looking like they just
got lost like the ruber driver dropped
them off in the wrong location there's
Tim Kaine pushing saying that that
Hillary Clinton
nobody should blame her for not holding
a press conference you argue that she's
talked to the press on the campaign
trail but our campaign reporters and
others say she doesn't really answer
that many questions is this going to
change Martha she's had hundreds of
interviews in the last year and I got a
push back on the notion that she hasn't
done a press conference she gave a
speech to the National Association in
the last month where there were also
journalists Hispanic journalists there
and she did a press conference there and
members of mainstream media outlets
television networks asked her questions
during that press conference we're about
to switch into a phase of the campaign
where
we will be on planes and the press will
be on the planes with us which is
something that Donald Trump does not
allow we are not banning press outlets
from covering public events they
literally fail okay then they literally
rope off press after events they litter
have pictures of like the press being
roped off behind an actual rope like a
herd of cattle and actually have a
sheepdog that they've led that they've
laid out there to go and roundup press
every time the press get out of their
confined area they have a sheepdog that
runs around like lassie and just
collects all of the members of the press
for them and here he is saying a neuro
Hillary's fully transparent well tell
you more about that but first got to say
hello to our friends at US tax shield so
let's say that you have a problem with
the IRS if you're a conservative solid
shot your problem with the IRS but even
if you're not let's say that you've
gotten hock to the IRS because it's
difficult to do those tax forms or you
just didn't make a payment and now you
owe some back taxes you need to talk to
my friends over a US tax field they've
an A+ rating with the Better Business
Bureau and they specialize in helping
people who have fallen behind on taxes
people with personal tax liabilities and
business payroll taxes fees and
penalties you call them for a free
consultation then they got a senior tax
consultant who will call the IRS hotline
with you so that you can find out
exactly what your liabilities are then
they walk you through the process they
give you a guaranteed quote and the
quote does not increase you can do this
whole process with them on the phone
it's fully transparent it's fully honest
they also have something called the
Fresh Start program that helps you come
clean with the IRS and settle your debts
in a short period of time
for less than you probably would if you
didn't have these people working for you
so you need to give them a call for a
free consultation
don't worry I know Tuesday's are usually
deconstructing the culture net will do
that tomorrow but daily wire.com for the
rest of the show live or YouTube and
iTunes and SoundCloud for the rest of
the show audio you can download that for
free a little bit later in the day
appreciate it will obviously continue
the show momentarily I'm Ben Shapiro and
this is the venture Bureau show
