The Wall Street Journal reports that
Muslim billionaires are planning to
build a Disneyland like theme park in
the Middle East so more local tourists
will want to vacation at home
the theme park will feature such beloved
Islamic characters as Mickey mosque and
Donald Duck for the love of God duck
they'll also be days he tuck for the
love of God duck but she won't be
allowed to go out in public unless she's
wearing a burqa through it through which
only her beak is visible the park was
going to include a garden in which the
flowers were planted to form an image of
Muhammad but the gardener was stoned to
death for making an image of Muhammad
the park will be known as the Magic
Caliphate and will they advertised as
the happiest place in the Middle East or
at least the happiest place in the
Middle East that isn't run by Jews the
Caliphate will be divided into various
different themed lands including
yesterday land where you can bask in the
9th century Islamic Golden Age when
Allah's merciless armies had conquered
enough civilizations to milk them for a
taste of culture before following the
natural trend of the religion back into
savagery and primitivism from there you
can travel to Fantasyland where you can
pretend that destroying the State of
Israel will improve your life instead of
extinguishing the one light of humane
society anywhere near you and plunging
your entire region into a long night of
cruelty and superstition then it's just
a short hop through no Liberty Square to
Europe land where you can make dark
frowny faces about the decadence of
Western civilization while collecting
welfare and visiting strip clubs and of
course what would an amusement park be
without rides this one will include such
sure to be favorites as the Haunted
Mansion where you can experience
chilling scenes of what it would be like
if your religion turned out to be
entirely untrue and when you blow
yourself up you don't go to heaven and
get 72 virgins but are instead dragged
into hell for all eternity
where you're tortured for your crimes
against God and humanity if you don't
want to wait on line for this ride you
can have the same experience by just
actually blowing yourself up then
there's the Dumbo ride where you can
swirl around in the air while riding on
the back of John Kerry and
of course there's pirates of the
carribean which is Pirates of the
Caribbean the park developers issued a
statement about their plan saying quote
for too many people the word Islam
conjures fearsome images of murderous
attacks on innocent people the
dehumanizing oppression of women and the
creation of impoverished slave states
run by tyrannical madmen who locked the
populace and mental chains of religious
intolerance while themselves living
lives of libertine excess but we want
people to realize that all those things
can be fun unquote at a press conference
the developers went on to tell reporters
quote we think this is an idea that
could really blow up no just kidding
don't run away come back we're just
kidding really
unquote trigger warning I'm Andrew
Clavin and this is the Angie flavin show
alright we just like we just we just
like teasing our Muslim friends because
we know they enjoy it so much they're so
loosey-goosey and they're such great
senses of humor they like they like a
little elbow in the ribs before they
kill you everybody is selling us out the
Bible the Bible says put not your trust
in Princes you should read the bible
should have done what your mom told you
and read the bible people thought you
know there's this pew poll out maybe
we'll get a chance to talk to this is
pew poll out that people have stopped
believing in God but they should have
listened to Bob Dylan because Bob Dylan
told you you better serve somebody it
might be the devil what people I think
we've made the wrong choice all right
we're gonna talk about a lot of stuff
but you got to be here to hear it and to
see it so if you're on Facebook and
YouTube you get 15 minutes you can watch
the show and then come on over to the
daily wire or download us on iTunes and
SoundCloud and then you can subscribe if
you subscribe you can not only watch the
show in its entirety anytime you please
but you can also be part of the mailbag
and while we're at it yes the mailbag it
was a great mailbag yes tonight I love
the mailbag I mean I really like I
really like talking to you people so if
you just spring for the lousy eight
bucks a month I could be I could
communicate with you more all right and
also while I'm selling you things
please go pre-order my memoir the great
good thing a secular Jew comes to faith
in Christ I
guarantee you will like it I guarantee
you I give my personal guarantee or you
get your meaningless life nihilistic
life back free of charge okay if you
send your receipt if you order it online
and you send your receipt to a Clavin at
Daley wider calm I'll sign a sticker and
send it back to you and you can then you
can have a sign look alright so I've
been laying back on this Trump story
about the immigration thing because I
really wanted to see which way he was
gonna break he kept every every time he
would talk he would say something
different I thought let him play it out
let's see where he goes it now looks
really clear that somehow he is just
this is this was the story this was his
issue right that made his canned I'm
gonna buy I'm gonna build a wall and I'm
gonna there's gonna be a deportation
force and we're gonna get rid of all
these people some of them will let the
nice ones come back but they've got to
come in Italy legally I mean he said
this again and again we're gonna throw
them out but they've got to come in Leon
people kept saying you know you're gonna
tear like mother's away from their
children you're gonna break up families
yes you know we're gonna do all that no
we're gonna keep the families together
we're gonna send them all back you know
he would say that he really had it all
planned out and people were cheering and
cheering and cheering so a couple of
days ago on Hannity he goes on hannity
and he's been backing him right down the
line right right up to the limit and
suddenly he's not only is he changing
but suddenly the people around him are
going with him they're not following the
principle that made them that them elect
him in the first place
they're totally making up a whole new
Trump that they're gonna support doesn't
matter what he says so what this is kind
of a long cut but it's worth it just to
watch them change just it's it's more
important what the audience is doing
almost and what Trump is saying you seem
to in the last week be revisiting the
issue of sending everybody back that is
here illegally
tell us where you stand on that we want
to follow the laws you know we have very
strong laws this
and I don't know you know but Bush and
even Obama sends people back now we can
be more aggressive in that but we want
to follow the loss if you start going
around trying to make new laws in this
country it's a process that's brutal we
want to follow the laws of the country
and if we follow the laws we've got some
great people in this country they
shouldn't be here there's still great
people all right well you've got some
really really bad gang members and some
horrible P start with them those people
are going out day one they're going to
be the first order right I know this
question has come up a lot what about
people that work hard have been here a
long time they own homes they they have
their property and this is a question
everyone's going to want to answer what
about them do they have to go back or
would you reconsider we are going to
follow the laws and we're going to see
who people are we're going to see how
they've done do you believe in a merit
system when people come in as an example
do you believe in merit system one of
the things that's very unfair with
leaving people is that you have years
and years of people waiting on line
they've gone through a process and
they've they've they filed legally they
filed and they're great people in some
cases I guess in some cases maybe not
but you have really great people wanting
and so proudly wanting to come into a
country and now what you'd be doing is
you take people away from that line and
it's it is there any part of the law
that you might be able to change that
would accommodate those people that
contribute to society have been
law-abiding have kids here would there
be any room in your mind or you because
I know you had a meeting this week the
Hispanic leaders I did I had a meeting
with great people great Hispanic leaders
and there certainly can be a softening
because we're not looking to hurt people
we want people we have some great people
in this country we have some great great
people in this country so but we're
going to follow the
laws of this country so there's Sean
Hannity pleading him for with him for
amnesty
that's amnesty star guy is there
anything in the law was there something
we in the law we could make up that
maybe the people who are good people
could stay
yeah it's called amnesty and before
before if you said that you were a
traitor and you were a cock and you were
this and you were that now Hannity is
begging for it so still you could still
listen to this he's still playing in the
spaces you know he's still weaving
through those spaces and Coulter poor
Ann Coulter I mean I love Ann I really
do and the thing about Ann that I always
pointed out from the beginning is of all
the people who supported Trump she was
supporting him on principle she feels
that the Mexicans coming in over the
border is a big big problem and I I
never felt that that was really one of
the biggest issues that was facing us I
thought you know yeah just closed the
border what so everybody has a border no
big deal just do it it's it what I
thought was the big issue was the fact
that our government was so paralyzed it
couldn't make a move and do the
necessary thing that had to be done I
hope that was a big issue but I didn't
think the Mexicans coming in there you
know the Mexicans come in we've got all
these immigrants from all kinds of
places that doesn't bother me at all but
and really thought that and she wrote an
entire book a Dios America saying oh
this is much worse than you think it's
people you know it's crime and all the
stuff and that's basically where Trump
got his policies from now poor Ann has
got a new book out called in Trump we
trust EEP ler Abyss awesomes I think she
is down she has put all pushed all the
money onto the table you know it's not
like this is all in and she's going with
and she's out on the book tour and so
she makes that speech before we go to
her though and so first she comes out
and we played I think yesterday or the
day before she comes out and says well
he's not so he's changing his tone but
he's gonna build a wall he's still gonna
do this Oh bah buh buh buh now Trump
goes back on Hannity and this time and
this really is amazing he turns to the
audience and says what do you want to do
and then he plays the audience shouldn't
we let these nice Mexican people stay
and they you know and he's pitching
something that is to the left of Ted
Cruz and Marco Rubio both these traders
both these weaklings who weren't you
know the gang of eight oh my gosh the
gang of eight the worst thing that ever
happened ever anywhere so now it's a
gang of nine right because
drum is on word and he's playing the
audience and the audience is cheering
for it and Hannity is pushing them on
play the second one this is new so
you're saying there is and you have been
sort of indicating that there will be
some flexibility that you originally you
had said they're all out and there was a
big brouhaha but you're saying that if
somebody can prove that they've been
here proven to be a citizen but well
here's the big question okay no
citizenship no citizen everyone agree
with that let me go step further
they'll pay back taxes they have to pay
taxes but we work with them now okay but
when I look at the rooms and I have this
all over now everybody agrees we get the
bad ones out but when I go through and I
meet thousands and thousands of people
in this subject and I've had very strong
people come up to me really great great
people come up to me and they've said
mr. Trump I love you but to take a
person that's been here for 15 or 20
years and throw them and the family out
it's so tough mister I mean I've have I
have it all the time it's a very very
hard thing so so now poor Ann is on
Twitter this morning and she is going
nuts she's saying she's she's tweets the
only party left out was the hoops I'll
have to jump through because that was
that was the line that you know
Republicans would use to get past the
word amnesty they're gonna have to go
through a lot of Hoops a lot of hoops
and he says it's hard and he says oh
it's hard let's not do it so now she's
on this book tour rights helling he
pluribus awesome Trump and here she is
realizing that oh my gosh you know the
the rug has been pulled out from under
me I'm starting to worry that he's
panicking and talking to the wrong
people because he's sounding a little
bit more like the candidates he defeated
with with the talking points about you
know softening on deporting deporting
the ones who are oh they've been here a
long time and they're law-abiding you
know that yes that's true but how about
you just say no my policy is consistent
people who are here illegally have no
right to be here we will decide whether
they stay or not in our national
interest yeah if they're good for the
country we might keep them but this is
going to be an America first
operation policy train policy I have to
say that someone in Ann's life did say
to her that when people are not when a
man is not a man of his word his word
doesn't mean anything I'll never say I
told you so but just say and I did point
it out very very early on all right the
thing I don't get about this I seriously
don't get it who does he think this is
gonna work with does he suddenly think
the Mexicans are going today oh yes he
called me you know a heroin dealer but
now he likes me so I thought you know
it's not gonna happen
a Jorge Ramos you know this guy from
Univision who basically thinks from the
Mexicans should take America back yeah
you know we won the Alamo what the hell
happened you know like so he hates Trump
here's his reaction which by the way I
have to supervise with I think he's
standing on principle two flip-flopping
on immigration maybe on Sunday a top
Trump advisor suggested that the
deportation force that he wanted to use
to deport 11 million children mothers
and fathers is not a sure thing right
now it is to be determined really well
the fact is that Trump himself still
wants to deport millions he has insulted
Mexican immigrants and he has questioned
ajosh capacity simply because of his
ethnic origin 73% of Latinos according
to Univision poll think that he is a
racist no Trump hasn't changed and to
prove that take a look at this Sena
phobic and anti-immigrant at Donald
Trump's America is secure terrorists and
dangerous criminals kept out the border
secure our families safe change that
makes America safe again
Trump for president no Trump is still
Donald Trump let me remind you exactly
what he said on June 16 2015 this is
what he said about Mexican immigrants
they are bringing drugs they're bringing
crime they are rapists
that's exactly exactly what he said some
people defending from say that he was
referring to undocumented immigrants
well that is not what he said more than
a year ago so let me tell you what I
think is happening people advising Trump
have realized correctly that he cannot
win the White House without the Latino
vote and they are pushing the candidate
to talk to Latinos that explains the
meeting with Hispanic advisers but so
far no Trump hasn't changed and no the
majority of Latinos won't vote for him
but well right I mean you know it's a
little late for that so I don't
understand so then they're the people on
the other side now there are the people
who are just in the Trump tank and
they're gonna say oh he's saying the
same thing I mean these Ted Cruz is
laughing up his sleeve his spokesman is
out there going like we told you this
was gonna happen and they did they did
say it was gonna happen there's all
these people are gonna say always just
change he's just you know changing the
words and all this stuff but the real
guys on their far right these all
thright guys I mean I don't even like to
call them right-wingers because I don't
think that they're conservative they're
not American conservatives they're just
they're just white supremacist basically
you know are they gonna fall for this
maybe maybe they've fallen for this
thing so far they're so far done you
know did you see this musical thing they
put out this you know I saw this oh I
have to say goodbye oh geez you're gonna
miss this if you're on Facebook you got
to come over to the Daily wire and see
the rest is very it is really really
interesting
so come on over
you
