on Monday socialist icon senator Bernie
Sanders said that now he's betting that
he's no longer running for president
there's no need for him to reveal his
campaign financial information he said
it doesn't make any sentence he said
completing such a filing he continued to
be a waste of time he was supposed to
file his current financial information
May 15th but he got an extension now if
you remember during the primaries Bernie
Sanders called for complete transparency
regarding the funding of campaigns now
says NBC News quote in the teeth of a
Democratic primary where Sanders posed a
bona fide threat to Clinton voters
couldn't definitively know whether
Sanders historically one of the Senate's
least wealthy members suddenly parlayed
his political fame into personal profit
or for that matter whether he sustained
financial distress the forum Sanders
didn't file would have detailed his
finances through the middle of May 2016
there's a reason Sanders didn't turn in
his paperwork like all good socialists
it's a little touchy about his own
finances and he games the system this
week Bernie Sanders tweeted quote to my
Republican colleagues if you do not have
the guts to defend your ideas in a free
election get another job I responded
quote you endorsed Hillary and then you
bought a vacation home socialist hero
but socialists never take responsibility
for their own personal economics or for
their campaign economics or for their
economic policies at all Venezuelans are
busy killing horses to eat them citizens
are murdering one another over loaves of
bread down there and they're doing that
because Venezuela has used Bernie
Sanders economics but Sanders is sitting
pretty with three homes and a wife who
bankrupted a college thanks to her
frivolous spending yes seriously because
it turns out that when it comes to the
socialist what's good for the goose is
not good for the Sanders i'm ben shapiro
this is the ben shapiro show
so much so much to get you today oh so
much and we're very excited about all of
us today is it Tuesday that means it's
time to deconstruct the culture so we'll
be doing that a little bit later in the
program which means we make fun of
ariana grande for 10 minutes basically
so that'll be exciting you want to stick
around for that but we begin today with
the Clinton Foundation and all of the
Democrats beginning to realize oh wait
Hillary Clinton is corrupt to which we
say yes we knew that we've been telling
you that for 20 years and while there
are those of us in the Republican Party
who still experienced significant
stomach-churning acid eating away at our
esophagus onst over Donald Trump and his
problems you guys wanted Hillary Clinton
you begged for Hillary Clinton you
wanted her on that wall you needed her
on that wall and so you got her and now
it's getting awkward because it turns
out the Clinton Foundation is basically
just a pass-through for Hillary Clinton
and the State Department new information
out today Huma Abedin who is the very
very not lesbian friend of Hillary
Clinton's very very not lesbian first
lady they the Hillary Clinton in whom
out and here's that Huma Abedin was
stashing classified materials in her car
yes in her car now my wife worked at the
VA and she's a doctor and she worked the
the Veterans Administration while she
was while she was in medical school and
he had to comply with basic
classification rules about health
information if you accidentally brought
a document out of the hospital you could
theoretically be prosecuted Huma Abedin
took classified material and just left
it in the front seat of her car no
problem at all we're also finding out
pretty much every day there's a new
dictator who comes out and says yes of
course we paid to live in Clinton
massive amount of money to have tea with
her and also for her to give us Ukraine
right that that sort of thing is
happening pretty much every day now and
the Democrats are starting to realize oh
yeah this sucks this is not good James
Carville the ragin Cajun is out there
defending Hillary Clinton and this is
pretty ridiculous
so the Clinton Foundation was was a
taking no money for the Clintons raising
money from rich people and giving it to
poor people and all of a sudden the
press has decided that we're gonna go
after this and shut it down and you know
what you're probably gonna be successful
and they're gonna beat
gonna be people are gonna die because of
death and everything that I've never
been associated Bill Clinton with the
three things I'm most proud of
first he stopped the genocide in Bosnia
second the human genome project of which
my kids and grandchildren will forever
thinking for in third if the Clinton
Foundation okay so James Carville who at
this point really really looks like a
bald weasel he is apparently very upset
that anyone wants to shut down the
Clinton Foundation because of all the
good it's done the Clinton Foundation is
a giant slush fund they give grants to
other charities that's what they're just
a pass-through they don't really have
projects of their own they just have
lots of money coming in and lots of
money going out and a lot of it being
used to kind of feather the bed of the
Clintons so Carville says he literally
says people will die without the Clinton
Foundation yeah the Clintons will die
without the Clinton Foundation because
how will they eat how will they eat they
were dead broke when they left office
they create the Clinton Foundation now
they're one hundred million dollars
other Democrats are saying you know who
aren't Clinton loyalists nearly as much
I mean they still like Hillary but but
they're not like James Carville who's
made his bones defending Hillary Clinton
they're saying the Clinton Foundation is
just a crap show Ben card and his
senator from Maryland
he says the Clinton Foundation yeah the
way they do business it's a problem do
you think the foundation should shut
down altogether well first let's
recognize what the Foundation's been
able to do the Clinton Foundation has
helped millions of people over 10
million HIV AIDS alone has saved
countless lies it's work is extremely
important to global health so they've
done some really great things now with
Hillary Clinton being elected president
which we hope it will be they clearly
need to change the way they do business
and they've indicated they will they're
not going to accept any donations from
foreign entities they're gonna change
the way that the Clintons themselves
interact with the foundation those
decisions will be appropriate to Hillary
Clinton as president United States it'll
all work out okay as long as they
separate I do love that now they're
talking up the work of the Clinton
Foundation I watched a lot of the DNC
unfortunately in a wasted hours of my
life doing so I don't remember a single
mention the Clinton Foundation nobody
was talking about the Clinton Foundation
now if you ran a charity that saved tens
of millions of lives
wouldn't you be bragging about that at
like every opportunity if you're running
for political office but nobody in the
inside has talked about the Clinton
Foundation because it's embarrassing
because it was a scam and of course they
did some good work what kind of scam
would do no good work I mean really if
you're gonna found a charity and then
use it to gyp people wouldn't you do at
least a little bit of good work so that
you can pretend that you're doing
something useful unless you're like Milo
you na+ and you just take a hundred
thousand dollars in donations - and your
personal bank account and do nothing I
mean normally people who are smart would
presumably at least come up with a cover
story that's what the Clintons did here
when he says that the Clintons are going
to separate off from the separate off
from the foundation remember they sort
of pledged to do that in 2008 and then
just didn't do it at Rennes Elle is the
former senator from Pennsylvania he's
governor of Pennsylvania I think and Ed
Rennes L he comes up and he also says
yeah we should probably create some sort
of separation between the Clintons in
the Clinton Foundation the foundation
has done incredible good things we focus
on that if you ask the people of the
world you want the Clinton Foundation
shut down they give you a resounding no
because the good that it is done now
should there be a wall between the
Clintons and any fundraising going
forward yeah I think so absolutely
I would set up the strongest Chinese
wall it could could it be turned over to
partners or people of Clinton's trust to
run for the next four or eight years if
the Secretary becomes president without
any of our knowledge of who's
contributing yes I think that can be
done but we don't want to lose the good
work for the Clinton Foundation any more
than we want to lose the good work
george w bush's foundation is done
they've been two things they've created
incredible goodwill for America and
incredible good for the world
well incredible goodwill from the State
Department and Bill Clinton has now put
out a statement
here's his new statement quote there is
no doubt in my mind that we have never
done anything knowingly inappropriate in
terms of taking money to influence any
kind of American government policy that
just hasn't happened is what he said on
May 4th now whenever the Clintons use
the word knowingly that's code for yeah
we absolutely did it we're gonna get
caught so we're gonna pretend we didn't
realize it was happening
that's what knowingly means in Clinton
land and Clinton land you say knowingly
and what that means is yeah we totally
knew but we have to have plausible
tonight it was all an accident it was
all an accident we had no clue
whatsoever we just had no clue that any
of this stuff was happening yeah they
knew all this stuff was happening it's a
corrupt system Donald Trump says to shut
down the foundation I mean come on
according to you let's talk about the
the Clinton Foundation among the people
saying it's problematic and shut it down
is Huffington Post you were you also
agree with that with that premise well
number one they should shut it down
number two they should give the money
back to a lot of countries that we
shouldn't be taking and they shouldn't
be taking money from countries that
influenced her totally and also
countries that discriminate against
women and gays and everybody else I mean
that money should be gone it should be
given back they should not take that
money honestly do you think that will
happen it should happen whether or not
it will and very greedy people so maybe
it won't but it should happen I see that
your campaign just sent out a statement
a few minutes ago regarding this and
you're right it is now clear that
Clinton Foundation is the most corrupt
enterprise in political history you know
there are a lot of people who are not up
to speed on what the Clinton
Foundation's been doing that you feel is
illegal well I think it's it's been
really well documented in the book and
the book has been absolutely approved by
so many people you've had accounting
firms going in there you've had so many
people going in and it's pay-for-play I
mean if you look at it it's pay-for-play
so many things happen money is paid and
then all of a sudden lots of good things
things the money situation okay so and
everything Trump is saying there is of
course true the fact is it was
pay-for-play the fact is that the
Clintons are corrupt the fact is that
they engage in this sort of corruption
on a regular basis they do so Hillary
Clinton now is a little bit on the ropes
because all of this stuff about the
Clinton Foundation is now breaking and
meanwhile there's all sorts of headlines
about whether she's healthy or not as
I've said I think it's a kind of waste
of time to have that conversation
because she's not gonna hand over her
complete medical records no one is going
to vote for Trump because they think
Hillary is unhealthy like name the voter
who goes oh Hillary she's unhealthy I
guess I'm gonna vote for the other 70
year old gasbag like that's that's not
gonna happen all it really does
is it underscores that she's dishonest
but we already know that she's dishonest
nonetheless Hillary Clinton now has to
she has to get out of her coffin and
creak her way up the stairs for
transylvanian estate to make her way to
national television so that she can
pretend to be human for a few minutes
because she understands that she's under
attack so she goes of course to the
friendly face of Jimmy Kimmel over on
ABC and she won't do a press conference
of course that would involve answering
questions but she will she will hang out
with Jimmy Kimmel on late-night
television because that's what our
elections have become so here is Hillary
Clinton wearing what appears to be a
stoplight talking with with Jimmy Kimmel
we have rumors that have gotten started
there's now the new one is that you are
unhealthy that you are you had a
concussion Rudy Giuliani was on Fox News
yesterday and today and he's saying you
look you seem to be sick you look tired
etc etc are you in good health well this
has become one of their themes here you
take my take my pulse while I'm talking
to okay back in October the National
Enquirer said I would be dead in six
months oh oh so with every breath I take
I feel like it's a you have a new lease
on life a new lease I'm like why I don't
know why they are saying this I think on
the one hand it's part of the wacky
strategy haha just say all these crazy
things and maybe you can get some people
to believe you on the other hand it just
absolutely makes no sense and I don't go
around questioning Donald Trump's health
I mean as far as I can tell he's as
healthy as a horse
well his doctor said he had the best
health examination he's ever seen in a
human being
can you open this jar of pickles this is
a couple things there obviously
pre-scripted the pulse joke and the and
a pickle joke let me make a quick point
here there is no way in hell she opened
that jar of pickles not a way in hell
she opened that China pickles my wife is
a 29 year old healthy woman she married
me to open jars of pickles okay those
things aren't packed from nuclear war
the idea that Hillary Clinton is opening
a jar picked I mean maybe she did but
that's only because she has the robot
hand from Empire Strikes Back right
Julie she lost it in a lightsaber fight
and it was replaced by a bionic hand and
so she cranks it up to ten like okay so
she would have been more amusing
honestly is if she'd actually just
retracted her hand brought out the can
opener in its place and carves a hole in
the top of the lid but in any case
that's supposed to prove that Hillary
Clinton is is healthy okay sure
whatever by the way the idea that she's
never insulted Donald Trump's health no
she's just called him crazy so she
insulted his mental health it's there
there was more than one kind of health
and Hillary Clinton's engaged and all
that the whole I'm above everything is
is kind of silly and of course the late
night hosts will will do all this I
don't remember them doing the same thing
with McCain do you we're back in 2008
everybody was questioning John McCain's
health I really don't remember the media
having John McCain on to then have John
McCain open jars of pickles to prove how
healthy it was I don't remember that
Hillary also tried to humanize herself
about about about Isis and Jimmy Kimmel
helped along because he's an ardent
lefty and and so Hillary continues
pretending to be a human baby poop
Hillary plays the human go
who would have guessed this audience
would be so enthusiastic about the
co-founder of Isis that was one of the
do you do you laughing you think it's
funny or do you get upset or how does it
hit you you know it's really funny and
Jimmy I I don't get upset anymore
because I'd be upset all the time haha
so I don't get upset I think it's crazy
but
and I think you know this is like giving
aid and comfort to the bad guys do you
think so yeah I really do I think
there's enough evidence now that you
know when Trump talks the way he talks
it actually helps the terrorists because
I love this so he starts off with you're
not the co-founder of Isis right shows
no Donald Trump basically is Ramirez
what she's saying right she's saying
Donald Trump gives aid and comfort to
the enemy okay that language is the
direct legal language with regard to
treason are you gonna hang from the act
so Hillary Clinton responds - it's just
crazy that you call me the co-founder of
Isis let's hang that guy right he's he's
giving aid and comfort to the enemy
first of all there's very little
evidence what there's an in fact no
evidence that I'm aware of that Isis is
fundraising off of Hillary Clinton being
the co-founder I mean the only people
who fundraise off of Hillary Clinton or
Hillary Clinton that's that's ridiculous
but again the media just kind of go
along with anything Hillary Clinton has
to say finally Hillary Clinton continues
by saying that her emails are just
boring let's stop paying attention my
emails they're just so boring I mean
come on I'm an old woman already I'm
bored with this I need to knit or
something here's Hillary the State
Department I actually added it up today
and the State Department said that they
have to release 15,000 emails by the
deadline is a couple of days before the
debate are you concerned about that no I
would be terrified if my emails were
released but I think Jimmy my emails are
so boring yeah I mean I don't know I'm
embarrassed about that there so so we've
already released I don't know 30
thousand plus so what's a few more so at
the end you you're not concerned that
there's gonna be something that that is
that Donald Trump is able to use against
you that the Republican that comes in at
the last second he makes up stuff to use
against us if he would stick with
reality I wouldn't have a worry in the
world have you ever sent him an email
this is ridiculous okay they should
never worry in the world she's not
worried about these emails coming out so
why did she delete them why didn't she
just hand them over to the State
Department why'd she basically take her
server and then wipe it with a cloth hey
Hillary cleanse a congenital liar of
course she's gonna say this he's gonna
say are you worried about those emails
and she's gonna sit there going yeah I'm
really worried I'm really worried if
people are gonna discover my love
letters to them like what what is she
gonna say
that of course she's gonna say I'm not
concerned about what's in the emails she
should be concerned pellets in the
emails because in all likelihood it's
not gonna be anything you know juicy
sexually it's gonna be all of her all of
her emails with the Clinton Foundation
showing that they were one in the same
and the media will cover it up and
pretend none of it matters okay so we
have to say goodbye to our friends on
Facebook and YouTube for the rest of the
podcast become a subscriber at daily
wire.com and then you can see all the
visuals which you'll want to see today
on deconstructing the culture day
particularly you'll want to see the
visuals because that's when we play
music videos and make fun of them and
and if you also want to become a
subscriber so that you can send me
emails that we then place in the vaunted
ben shapiro mailbag then you can go to
daily wire comm 8 bucks a month will do
it for you and that's less than the cost
of one of hillary clinton's hillary
clinton's tennis balls to put on the
bottom of her Walker so you can just go
over to daily wired.com and subscribe
there
you
