Oh hooray it's time for another visit to
our favorite website everyday feminism
it had the site worth soul-crushing
misery inducing truth destroying
philosophy of feminism is not just for
those days when you're tired of living a
happy life but for every day every
single day Oh hooray
today on everyday feminism we find a
post entitled and I'm not making this up
that's the beauty of everyday feminism I
never have to make anything up the post
is entitled beware these ten types of
feminist men this post begins quote
never is a man so potentially dangerous
to a female read person as when he
claims to be a feminist
unquote now already some of you may be
asking yourself where as a female read
person mean why can't they just speak
English and of course the answer is that
English is a language and is therefore
used to describe things that exist in
the real world and so has no place in
feminism anyway back to the post be
aware of something I hate you something
something anyway here are some
selections of evil men women have to be
afraid of this month
beware male feminists who seek to
control your sexuality
these are feminist men who quote learn
words like liberation and body-positive
and sexual agency and use them to guilt
you into sex unquote feminists here's a
friendly pro tip the category of
feminist men just pretending to be
feminist in order to get sex includes
approximately 100 percent of feminist
men but according to everyday feminism
you should also beware male feminists
who believe they have a right to your
appearance these are men who quote don't
like your red lipstick because it's not
feminist or quiet the question how you
use mascara or eyelashes or a razor on
your legs unquote you might also want to
beware those men who actually
demonstrate to you how to use lipstick
and mascara especially if they then have
conversations with themselves while
pretending to be their own mothers
another horrific sort of man for you to
be afraid of or male feminists who set
up womanhood is a competition these are
men who
you're so much more clever more mature
or more enlightened than other girls
they've dated if you're reading this
article and taking it seriously trust me
you're not that clever and these men are
lying to you or maybe they've just never
dated anyone else because they're
feminist men one more and so help me I'm
still not making this up beware male
feminists who invalidate your queer
identity these are men who demand to be
present in your queer spaces obviously
this is so they can watch as two smoking
hot babes indulge in hot lesbian action
for their entertainment if you are
dating one of these men it's possible
you're actually a porn site the article
goes on but really I could have saved
everyday feminism a lot of trouble women
should be where all men who say they're
feminists because they're either lying
to get into your pants
or they're idiots who believe the
nonsense you've been spouting and let's
face it even you aren't stupid enough to
believe that trigger warning I'm Andrew
Clavin and this is the Andrew Clavin
showing I'm just lazy I'm too lazy to
write my own opening all right we're
back we're on the brink misses it these
weeks go by so fast we are on the brink
of the Clavin this weekend so we have to
cling to every moment of Clavin a
goodness that we can and strengthen our
minds and gird our loins whatever gird
and loins mean we're going to do it
today we're on Facebook for 15 minutes
and YouTube what happens that they cut
off on YouTube to the kids or something
after 15 minutes you got to come to the
Daily wire you can download us on iTunes
or SoundCloud and then you can subscribe
and see the entire show yesterday we had
a great mailbag I answered a couple of
terrific questions the answers were just
incredibly incisive and brilliant and
opened up whole new worlds of
understanding to our listeners but you
can't be in it if you don't subscribe so
get your unclasp ear of lousy hands off
your lousy eight bucks and send us some
money so we can do our jobs all right
I'm going to talk about this election
and cut in the context of what's
actually happening the world because I
started to do this yesterday but the
mailbag does take up a certain amount of
time I wanted to get into more detail
and talk about I want to talk about the
ways in which
the world is so falsely represented even
when which by the fact that we're
talking about the election Dana Perino
who hosts the co-hosts the five on Fox
was on some other Fox show yesterday and
she of course used to be george w bush's
press secretary and that's a lot of
experience in how the media work and she
was she used she said the media will
follow process before it follows
substance which is technical language
meaning basically they'll talk about
what's going on in the election sort of
meta story of the election before
they'll talk about what these two people
represent and what they might do as
president and so they'll talk about
gaffes i mean hello of gaffes casters
that's are so absurd because if you are
on TV 24/7 as these people are you're
gonna make mistakes you're gonna say
things that can be taken out of context
yeah it's all about what you take out of
context and how big a deal you make out
of it and who you can find to go on-air
all of that stuff matters not at all
compared to the fact that people are
going to get into office and do certain
things and they are certain people and
so yesterday there was this big shake-up
of course steve Bannen from the
Breitbart sites took over trump's
campaign and this made a lot of news and
we were especially interested in here
because shapiro has been virtually at
war with Bannen Dana lash and Glenn Beck
also came out talking about what a
terrible guy he is and how he's really
you know he's taking this Breitbart site
and I you know I won't I'm not bragging
when I say we were I was friends with
Andrew Breitbart we were all friends
with Andrew Breitbart he was kind of the
hub that all brought us together I mean
you can't really find two conservatives
especially in LA
who didn't in some way meet each other's
group Andrew and he was this incredible
generosity he had this incredibly
expansive personality and he would bring
us all together and I remember when
Andrew tragically died very young I was
sitting in an airport at like 3:00 in
the morning when I got the news I was
actually flying to New York to do Glenn
Beck's show and I was sitting there in
this in the airport lounge and I've got
the news and I remember the first words
that went through my mind were oh no
maybe God is not on our side because I
thought we've really lost the central
guy and since then Bannon has come in
and he's taken the Breitbart sights and
he's turned them into what is now called
the
Trump Bart sites their trump's Pravda
basically they just sell this stuff a
lot of anti-semitism on there a lot of
this alt-right garbage that comes out
and you know I don't nobody speaks for
Andrew Andrew is gone we can't know what
he would have made of Trump I suspect he
would have been entertained by Trump but
also hated him as the bully that he
sometimes is he hated bullies but the
point is that these Breitbart sites are
no longer Breitbart sites and every time
I hear Andrews name being used this
Breitbart said right Bart said this it
is painful and Bannon did that so now
Bannon is coming into this election and
what does it mean it means I think that
Trump will be more Trump obviously Paul
mana fourth the guy he is replacing
though they say he's not but he
obviously is Manafort was trying to
build the Trump into a presentable
candidate and I think that wasn't
working because Trump can only be who he
is and Trump himself has said you know
he says everyone talks about oh you've
got to pivot this he said this on
Wisconsin TV Tuesday says I don't want
to pivot I don't want to change you have
to be you if you start pivoting you're
not being honest with people and I think
he's making a perfectly good point I
think Donald Trump should be Donald
Trump you asked for him you got him you
know so let him be who he is and he's
not finished yet the polls look very
very bad for him although there was one
guy TV I love this yesterday you know
Hillary Hillary is being as being very
sound is very soundly telling her voters
not to stop fighting Obama is saying
this to this election could turn around
and I'll get back to why in a minute and
so Hillary is out there she made a
speech just a day ago where she told
people don't get complacent so don't be
complacent my friends because even
though we're doing fine right now I'm
not taking anybody any where for granted
we're gonna work hard these next 85 days
and I can't do it without your help okay
so she's not saying she's not complacent
but others Trump side where all the
polls say she's about Michael Cohen the
Trump spokesman goes on CNN yesterday
and the news lady asks this question you
guys are down
and it makes us that there would so most
of them all of them says who
poles I just told you I answered your
question okay which poles all of them
okay that's the Trump camp they're
planted right in the center of reality
and so so Trump is gonna be more Trump
and that means he's gonna be more
belligerent he's gonna be more bullying
more nicknames you know more going
shooting at the hip and Putin is a great
guy and what if wouldn't it be great if
we could work together with Putin cuz
we're working together with him pretty
well right now so this has created this
surreal situation which I've talked
about I talked about this during the
primaries that this was going to happen
in which the media which has now gone
completely insane is going to be
attacking Trump and totally lying about
him while at the same time totally
telling the truth I mean it's it really
is surreal Ann Coulter wrote this column
last week where she talked to said the
Trump is being meteor raped and and
always you know restrained in her
language let me just read you a piece of
this because it really is good she's
always a wonderful writer and and Ann
has been on the Trump train from way
before anyone else I mean she said he
was gonna be the next president years a
year before the primary started even
having predicted that the media's
attacks on Trump would be unprecedented
I'm still amazed every single news
outlet is dedicated to hysterically
denouncing Trump every minute of every
day while cooing at Hillary everything
Hillary has ever touched has failed been
engulfed in scandal resulted in massive
investigations litigation financial ruin
prison or death the final stage of any
Hillary Enterprise is a grand
announcement that Hillary did not
technically break the law that's the
triumph of Hillary that she did not
technically break the law or no one can
prove she did or even if she did no one
ever gets prosecuted for it she's prone
to coughing fits and lapses of memory in
the middle of
Beaches she falls down all the time but
that's not nearly as important as the
media's manufactured story about Trump
throwing a baby out of a rally Trump is
supposed to be joined at the hip to
David Duke based on not disavowing him
with sufficient ferocity the 17th time
he was asked about this person he's
never met never mentioned and didn't
invite to speak at his convention
Hillary invited the mother of violent
cop hating criminal Mike Brown to speak
at her convention and the Democratic
platform expressly endorses the anti
police black lives matter even as these
celebrated cop haters inspire the mass
slaughter of police officers across the
country in New York City Dallas and
Baton Rouge all of this is true
I mean this this thing is true you know
that the Trump gets up and he gives this
speech in which he says maybe second
amendment people can do something about
Hillary Clinton and it's interpreted
I think perfectly reasonably reasonable
as a joke about assassinating Hillary
Clinton which it obviously was it's a
joke you shouldn't make if you're a
responsible person there are crazy
people out there they do have guns they
will kill people you don't make that
joke but but on stage at the democratic
convention there are these cop haters
whose children were thugs whose children
were criminal being lauded as the
mothers of the movement as if these are
important people because they've got to
kowtow to the black lives matter people
before doing absolutely nothing for him
before continuing to destroy their
cities continuing to destroy their lives
their jobs so you've got this this
bizarre situation where Trump is he is a
character he didn't disavow David Duke
you know that that was an ugly moment
his supporters are these alt-right
supporters are fooling you mean
anti-semites there I believe me I get
their tweets I get their messages I know
what they're saying these are horrible
hateful people he goes out of his way to
wink and nod at them that's a terrible
thing to do remember if he wants to be
president he's going to be president of
all the people even the evil Jews who
are you know some of the best and most
productive people in the country but you
know he's gonna he's gonna have to be
president of everybody and all these
hate groups that he doesn't turn away
because he knows they're some of his
core support so he is doing these awful
things but reality reality is
campaigning against Hillary Clinton
reality is campaigning against Hillary
Clinton everything what Ann says is true
everything she's touched has turned to
crap and everything Obama has done I
mean this is this is the weird situation
we're in where Barack Obama who is loved
I mean he has really high approval
ratings he has screwed up everything we
talked yesterday a little bit about the
fact that the Russians are flying
missions into Syria out of Iran and like
just putting those words together should
make you know news men who read that you
know Russians are flying raids against
Aleppo out of Iran their heads should
this then explode that should be the
next thing that happens on a news report
a guy should say you know the Russians
have been flying raids into Syria out of
Iran but he all goes by the board's
because we're talking about Steve Bannon
we're talking about him you know I mean
look what is he got to do with the fact
that Obama's deal with Iran that was
supposed to bring them into line with us
has brought them into line with one of
our worst enemies one of humanity's
worst enemies the Russians who have been
stepping on the human throat for a
century now and if not more and are now
in league with the worst terrorist state
in the world the more the biggest
supporter of terrorism and the Arabs
because remember folks just like
everywhere else most of these people
just want to live their lives most
people they want to sell their goods
make their money raise their kids that's
almost what everybody wants to do except
for the people who have the energy and
the evil to get involved in politics and
try to run other people
so all these Arabs they're helpless they
are absolutely unarmed because we're not
they're the only defense that good
people in the Middle East ever had is
Israel and us and we aren't there and so
Iran and Russia are taking over that are
going to take over that area because of
Obama's recklessness and stupidity and
his one-sidedness oh my goodness already
we've run out of time for Facebook but
we're gonna continue talking about this
and talk about comedy and the way that
the Left dominates the entertainment
industry come on over to the Daily wire
you
