Media commentator Cokie Roberts says
when Donald Trump calls Hillary Clinton
unhinged he's really speaking in code
let's talk about unhinged since she
doesn't look presidential is totally
code for we shouldn't elect a woman
Cokie also sometimes known as flaky
snowy blowy to tea and Perley after the
magical crystals that make her mind work
so quickly she can interpret Donald
Trump's secret messages even as he's
speaking says Trump's coded language is
as sinister and subtle as the messages
she sometimes receives on her dental
fillings from the planet gununu 12 where
plans for an invasion have been underway
ever since Koki blew through that
particularly excellent shipment of
powder from Bolivia for instance when
Donald Trump says Hillary Clinton
supported the Iraq war then abandoned
our troops when the war became unpopular
then opposed the surge because she
feared Barack Obama would use her vote
against her in the 2007 primaries Cokie
knows that's really code for women
aren't fit to govern because they are
blown with tides of popular opinion
rather than being able to make decisions
on their own for reasons of principle
and when Donald Trump says that his
Secretary of State Hillary Clinton
cleared the way for the Russians to buy
up 20% of America's uranium supply in
return for nearly three million dollars
in donations to the Clinton Foundation
and exorbitant speaking fees for Bill
Koch II understands that that's really
code for females are genetically encoded
to search for security and will
therefore trade their ideals for a
wealthy husband or a large bank account
and when Donald Trump says when Hillary
maid approaches to Vladimir Putin with
her cute she pushed the reset button
routine without realizing that Putin was
a dictatorial tyrant who would seize
every chance he got to thwart American
interest and rebuild the lost power of
the Soviet Union Cokie believes that
sexist code for women's attraction to
strong men is so instinctive that they
can be lured even by toxic overbearing
masculinity into forming foolish and
self-destructive relationships and of
course when Donald Trump says Hillary
encouraged the overthrow of Libya's
Muammar Qaddafi then abandoned the
region to chaos that only added
you'll to the spreading fire of violence
in the Middle East Koki here's coded
language meaning women are too flighty
and undependable to take a single course
and stick with it until they've seen it
through other coded messages Cokie
Roberts has received include the
woodpecker who tapped out you're just
not good enough Cokie in Morse code on a
telephone pole outside her window and
just would not stop no matter how much
Cokie cried and begged it to please give
her some peace and of course there was
the panel discussion on Fox News where
Charles Krauthammer pretended to be
discussing the ins and outs of American
policy in the Balkans but if you took
out every other word and then randomly
scrambled the letters of what was left
you ended up with a message reading your
commentary as banal Cokie and no one
respects you or maybe that was just the
Cokie talking trigger warning I'm Andrew
Clavin and this is the Andrew Clavin
code
how would you mean I'm sorry I know I
feel bad about myself no I don't really
I'm joking I don't actually feel all
right it smell bad eh hooray but but if
you're watching this on Facebook and
YouTube we will cut out after 15 minutes
and the mailbag will be on the other
side of that so you'll have to come to
the Daily wire or you can download us on
soundcloud or itunes and hear the rest
and of course if you want to watch the
show in its entirety you have to
subscribe for a lousy 8 bucks a month
you get 30 days for free and then it's a
lousy 8 bucks a month and then you can
be part of the mailbag next week you can
put your question in the mailbag and we
will tell you everything you need to
know and I have seen that people have
been sending in their receipts for to
pre-order my memoir the great good thing
a secular Jew comes to faith in Christ
he got a very nice mention in the
Christian booksellers you know
professional magazine today they called
it a heart-wrenching story I'm not sure
how I feel about having my life called a
heart-wrenching story but they did call
it a heart-wrenching story and it was a
very nice very nice mention so you can
pre-order it at Amazon or wherever you
like and send me the receipt and I will
send you a sticker with an autograph on
it that you can put in the book all
right so we it's very rare for me that
the news becomes personal but it did
become personal today there's been a yet
another shake-up in the Donald Trump
campaign and he has put Steve Bannon
former head of Breitbart at the top of
his campaign Paul Manafort still retains
the name of campaign manager I think but
Steve Bennett is now running the
campaign and now you remember that Steve
Bannon is the fellow that ben shapiro
got into a public scrap with over the
treatment of michelle fields and then
quit the Breitbart site where he was
working for Benin and called Benin
publicly called Benin a bully I I want
to say let me say a couple of things
first of all every single day every
single day I get a tweet or an email or
facebook note telling me that I've been
bought off that somebody has bought me
off and I say nasty things about Trump
because the Hillary campaign has bought
in they offer i selling nasty things
about Hillary because the Trump campaign
has bought me up and I keep saying if
I've been bought up where the hills of
the check come on and always the payoff
and and the the thing that is a joke
about this is if I have one salient
personality trait is that everybody
knows exactly what I think my wife has
been ruines saying this ruefully forever
even my employers if I don't like
something you know their I have
something to say to them they hear from
me there's nobody that I say anything
that I won't say something to his face
that I'll say behind his back I will
tell anybody what I think about anything
and that is the joke that when you're
accused of being bought off by all sides
that's a good sign that you haven't been
but and you're just mouthing off and I'm
gonna continue to do that knifes what
I've done with this campaign is I've
just tried to say this is what I think
Trump is doing and this is how I think
it's going and this is what I think
Clinton is doing this is how I think
it's going I just try to give you my
take on it and that's that's what I'm
being paid for and that's what I hope
you're listening for but this does
become a little personal because now we
have a guy running this campaign who
Shapiro has openly Ward with and here's
the thing my I've met ban in several
times we've had several conversations
they've all been entirely cordial but
they've also they haven't been about
politics at all they've always been
about the movie business because Bannen
had some kind of ambitions in the movie
business so I've talked to him about
that a couple times when we've always
had cordial relationships but I don't
really know the guy I do know Shapiro
and here's what I will tell you I've
been working with Shapiro now for a long
and this is a guy and I would I this is
probably something I wouldn't say to his
face because I know it would embarrass
him this is a guy of genuine principled
and moral courage first of all he is
also despite this smart aleck
personality persona his also as we all
know here a tremendously decent person
that he probably wouldn't want me to
tell you that but that I don't know I
don't know harshest stick or anything
but that's but that is also true when
Bannon says that when when Shapiro says
that Bannon is as he wrote today
legitimately sinister figure that many
former employees of Breitbart news were
afraid of Steve Bannon he's a vindictive
nasty figure infamous for verbally
abusing supposed friends and threatening
enemies he goes on to say that he's a
guy who takes over things and hollows
them out for his own purposes that he
will ride the Trump train to his own
success whether Trump wins or loses that
the chance of that being true is
approximately a hundred percent okay
what Bureau says that about somebody
that chance of that being true I can
testify to you is approximately hundred
percent so now we're in a position where
if Trump wins a guy that despises
Shapiro and probably I would guess if he
has any thoughts about me they're not
either
especially after what I just said you
know is going to be elevated to a
position of power he could wind up his
chief of staff of the President of the
United States and if he has Shapiro
lined up and shot it's going to harsh my
buzz I mean that's that's basically what
I want to say so that that is going to
affect the way I see things I am still
going to do make every effort to just
tell you what I think every single day
about what's going on and just give you
an honest read from somebody who as I've
said a million times has already lost
this election because there's no chance
of an outcome at which in which the
government becomes less powerful and
personal liberty is extended there's no
chance of that outcome between Hillary
and Trump so I have no dog in the fight
essentially I've already lost but but I
will tell you that if Trump is telling
you that Bannon is a sinister guy that
you're gonna have to watch out for him
that he's gonna bully people that is
uh-huh there's a hundred percent chance
of that being true all that said I have
to tell you that Trump has been on a
roll which for Donald Trump means
there's
two days where he isn't backed an SUV
over a baby you know that's as a role
for Donald Trump but he made a terrific
speech I talked about about foreign
policy and yesterday at late at night
really he made just an excellent
excellent speech about the problems that
are going on in Milwaukee he was at you
know a couple of miles outside of
Milwaukee and he was talking about this
and he pointed out that the it's
Democrat policies that have caused this
violence to occur here is let's play the
first thing this is where he talks about
the Democrat war on police and what
affects US ally the Warren Police is a
war on all peaceful citizens who want to
be able to work and live and send their
kids to school in safety our job is not
to make life more comfortable for the
rioter or the robber or the looter or
the violent disrupter of which there are
many our job is to make life more
comfortable for the african-american
parent who wants their kids to be able
to safely safely walk the streets and
walk to school or the senior citizen
waiting for a bus or the young child
walking home from school for everyone
violent protester there are a hundred
moms and dads and kids on the same city
block who just want to be able to sleep
safely at night they want safety so you
know this is the thing that Republicans
never do they never call out the
Democrats on their record on blacks and
he and Trump actually says in this
speech I am asking for the black vote
which is something again Republicans I
the thing that I have scored Republicans
on is they never go into these
neighborhoods and say you're being
screwed by the very policies that seem
to be helping you I mean the problem is
that the Democrats know they can take
this vote for granted they can take the
african-american vote for granted they
don't have to do anything for them and
the things they do do for them to make
them look good are destructive they do
the things that you would never do I
mean if a friend came to you and said
you know my life is a mess I've had
children out of wedlock I'm taking drugs
I'm committing crimes I'm in trouble
with the police you would not say to him
that's the fault of your oppressor you
would say you would say get your life in
order pal because he is your friend that
is what you say to a friend that is not
what the Democrats say to blacks it's
always somebody else's fault there's
always somebody around the corner
oppressing them it's always we're gonna
take care of you we're gonna do things
for you if you said that to your friend
you would be being destructive and evil
and that is the way the Democrats have
treated the blacks and and Trump says
that he asked for the black vote and
then here's the second cut for the vote
of every African American citizen
struggling in our country today who
wants a different and much better future
it's time for our society to address
some honest and very very difficult to
us the Democratic Party has failed and
betrayed the african-american community
Democratic crime policies education
policies and economic policies have
produced only more crime more broken
homes and more poverty here's the list
of the poorest cities in the country and
when they last had a Republican mayor
Detroit of course number one last set of
Republican mayor in 1961 okay that's 50
years ago Buffalo New York has an
elected or Republican mayor since 1954
Cincinnati since 1984 Cleveland since
1989 Miami Florida has never had a
Republican mayor st. Louis Missouri
since 1949 El Paso Tech Texas has never
had a Republican mayor Milwaukee
Wisconsin 1908 there was a there was one
in there who was like a Republican
Democrat fusion ticket I remember
Philadelphia 52 Newark New Jersey 1907
what was it Einstein who said that
insanity is doing the same thing over
and over again and expecting a different
result I mean when does this community
wake up when does it wake up and say our
friends are our oppressors our friends
are destroying us you know so Trump goes
out and makes the speech and like I said
I thought it was a very good very
powerful speech made it a very
appropriate time Milwaukee is still
seething the violence is right under the
surface
coming up you know I think there was a
guy shot yesterday the New York Times
hears this and you can always tell how
effect affective or Republican is being
when the New York Times goes bats okay
so this is this is supposed to be a news
story here's the paper what they used to
call the paper of record now I call it a
former newspaper which is far more
accurate but they used to call the newer
comes the paper of record so the paper
of record reporting on the speech you
just heard a couple of cuts from okay
Trump rallying white crowd for police
accuses Democrats of exploit black they
can't even report the story forty miles
north of the racially charged unrest
unfolding in Milwaukee Donald J Trump
spoke to a nearly all-white crowd here
on Tuesday accusing Hillary Clinton of
complicity and violence against police
officers and claiming claiming to reject
the bigotry of Democrats who he said
were responsible for the plight of many
black neighborhoods it was a dual and
seemingly clashing message says this
objective reporter a dual and seemingly
class clashing message what was the plan
I mean you heard that you basically
heard the substance in this piece where
was there a clash as mr. Trump in some
of his strongest language yet told a
crowd of 2,000 people that he would
restore law and order and that mrs.
Clinton panders to and talks down to
communities of color and sees them only
as votes he blamed her for pushing a
narrative that he said it helps set off
the demonstrations in Milwaukee in other
cities after police involved shooting
but mr. Trump declined to hold a public
event in Milwaukee where 40 percent of
residents are black and instead decided
to speak where 95 percent of residents
are white and where many had said they
hope mr. Trump's rally would be a chance
to celebrate the police so in other
words he's being scored on the news
story not in their commentary just in
the news story he's being attacked for
for where he did not schedule his speech
and for speaking to his supporters was
being on the campaign trail and speaking
to people who support Donald Trump we
know we know that Republicans don't have
a you know what are the what is it is
there zero percent of black support for
Donald Trump at this point in the polls
we know that so he's speaking to his
supporters and yet they're turning this
against them and then they can
barely keep from drew and why because if
if Republicans got 10% of the black vote
there would be no Democrat party that
would be the end of the Democrat Party
if that if that block that is the block
they depend on to put them over the top
and so and you know the other thing is
is if if Trump hadn't made so many gas
and he didn't play into the presses
hatred of him the presses unfair
treatment of them if he didn't represent
so much of what they say he represents
Hillary is falling apart I mean
Hillary's campaign should Hillary should
just be a pile of dust and ashes at this
point the house Government Oversight and
Reform Committee said Tuesday that the
FBI had handed over documents and they
detailed the perjury allegations against
Hillary Clinton citing the apparent
conflict between her 2015 congressional
testimony about her email practices and
the FBI's conclusions announced in July
according to a letter to the US attorney
so they sent the the US attorney the
Justice Department a note saying look we
think she committed perjury in fact
here's a video they made kind of
demonstrating them and so there's only
one servers that were telling me and
it's the one server that the FBI has the
FBI has the server that was used during
the tenure of my State Department
service Secretary Clinton used several
different servers and administrators of
those servers during her four years at
the State Department and she also used
numerous mobile devices to send and to
read email on that personal domain as
new servers and equipment were employed
older Cerner's were taken out of service
stored and decommissioned in various
ways I provided the department which has
been providing you with all of my
work-related emails all that I had the
FBI also discovered several thousand
work-related emails that were not among
the group of 30,000
by Secretary Clinton to state in 2014
it's also likely but there are other
recommend emails that they did not
produce the state and that we did not
find elsewhere
okay brutal stuff we got to say goodbye
to Facebook and to YouTube come to the
Daily wire and hear the rest
