on Monday sensing a political advantage
after Donald Trump decided it was a
wonderful idea to smear a gold star
family sneered at Republicans for
failing to sufficiently disown Donald
Trump Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid
one of the scummiest politicians on the
planet targeted Senate Majority Leader
Mitch McConnell and Speaker of the House
Paul Ryan he said quote Senator
McConnell and speaker Ryan approvingly
spoke at Donald Trump's convention
endorse Donald Trump for president and
believe he's mentally fit to sit in the
Oval Office occasional statements that
do nothing to repudiate Donald Trump's
words and actions are spineless anything
short of revoking their endorsements is
cowardice this shouldn't be hard Donald
Trump is a sexist and racist man who
insults gold star parents oak sphere of
Muslims and says hatred of Latinos he
should not be presidents and Republican
leaders have a moral responsibility to
say so does Harry Reid the most immoral
man in the Senate leftist Greg
sergeant's of the Washington Post wrote
a similar piece making a similar
argument he wrote as some Republicans
are already remarking Trump's battle
with the Khan family makes it harder and
harder to avoid the acknowledging the
possibility that we really have no idea
how low Trump will sink it's kind of
true but there is one problem Democrats
don't Cyprian about the moral
shortcomings of Donald Trump and
Republican cowardice for supporting him
they're cheering wildly for Hillary
Clinton here are three reasons why first
Hillary is worse than Trump as a human
over the weekend one major political
candidate earned a for Pinnochio rating
from the Washington Post that same
candidates lured gold star families as
Liars that candidate was of course
Hillary Clinton who appeared on national
TV to explain that FBI director James
Comey had fully cleared her he'd even
said she was honest this of course was a
lie
then Hillary went on to claim that
Benghazi gold star families must have
misremembered her comments to them about
a YouTube video being responsible for
their kids death Hillary can't complain
all she wants about Trump's connections
with Putin but she's the one who handed
Putin a reset button then cut a nuclear
deal that allowed the Russians into our
uranium mines forever Trump's in there's
one just as bad in Hillary's closet and
usually worse since she was working for
the government at the time second reason
Trump is our black swans here's the
thing you guys wanted Hillary Donald
Trump as everybody knows was a
once-in-a-century aberration Republicans
never expected him to do well let alone
win the nomination as soon as it became
clear Trump would have a serious shot at
the nomination a lot of Republicans
announced they would never back him like
me
today many Republicans who will back him
do so out of a simple moral calculus
that he's better than Hillary not
because they like him
the same is not true for Hillary not
only do Democrats want Hillary to be
President the DNC works arduously to
deny Sanders the nomination the media
have played fast and loose with Hillary
denying her evils pushing her all the
way to her historic nomination before
you start gloating about Republican
moral failings take a look in the mirror
you begged for Hillary most Republicans
try to stop Trump final reason you guys
are still backing Hillary there are lots
of Republicans who aren't planning to
vote for Trump including me even the
ones who will are out condemning Trump
over the gold star family thing where
exactly are the Democrats condemning
Hillary's corruption where's the never
Hillary movement from the left
why do leftist get to claim moral
superiority for ardently supporting a
worse candidate in a normal world they
wouldn't but they can because the media
have been propping up a cackling corrupt
old crone for two decades and they're
not gonna stop now so no Democrats have
no moral superiority for backing Hillary
they just have as always their own
perceived and unearned moral superiority
i'm ben shapiro this is the ben shapiro
show humanize people don't care about
your feelings
okay so first want to start off by
thanking one of our sponsors Harry's
Harry's razors they do a really good job
so Harry's is a fantastic company
basically order with them and become
part of what's what's basically a
shaving Club and the product is really
great I mean I use the product under my
chin the way it works in Jewish law is
you don't shave with with with a
straightedge on your face you can shave
under your jawline with a straightedge
which is of course the hardest parts of
shave and Harry's really does the trick
the products are fantastic Harry's right
now has a starter set called the Truman
and it's a great option for new
customers this is what they sent me and
I love it I've been using it you know
every day except this one when I didn't
shave because I was too lazy but for 15
bucks you get this razor handle and a
moisturizing shave cream and three of
Harry's five bladed german-engineered
razors plus if you're a fan of the show
you get a special offer you go to
harrys.com you type in promo codes
appear you get five dollars off of that
so 15 bucks for that you get five
dollars off so it's ten bucks for you so
if you go to harrys.com with promo code
Ben then you get five dollars off you
also help support our show obviously you
support our advertisers you support the
show you make sure the Dominions who run
the who around the teleprompter and who
and who run the cameras don't go hungry
tonight don't let the children go hungry
gang go over to Harry's
we do use children we use child labor go
over to harrys.com promo code ben and
the razors are cheaper they are better
they're superior in every way and and I
can tell you that because I've used
multiple razors and this is the best
racer that I've ever used for the under
the jawline area for me so Harry's calm
promo code Ben alright so we have a lot
to get to today here on the Ben Shapiro
show Glenn Beck is gonna be joining us
momentarily do we have Glenn on the line
at this point okay perfect so Glenn is
it Glenn is joining us right now
Glenn Beck of course the the iconic
talk-show host the iconic leader in the
conservative movement and Glenn has a
brand new book out called Liars Glenn
thank so much for coming on the show
okay so let's just jump right into you
have this brand new book called Liars
and the basic premise the subtitle is
how progressives exploit our fears for
power and control essentially your your
thesis is that the left is trying to
construct utopia or at least they they
claim they are and that's a pretty good
pitch for power how do you see that
playing out in this year's election fair
progressive movement which we know you
know was started by the Republican
Theodore Roosevelt so it's both of them
in you can see this you can see this
happening right now that the best
example is the DNC convention with the
DNC convention you you saw them saying
one thing all of the politicians were
talking marx's of like nobody's business
and yet the interstitials and all the
presentation was warm and fuzzy and let
us embrace you and we're just like you
so they're using the electrum use the
fear then they made their audience
fearful of Trump but then embraced and
took all of the trappings of traditional
America they took the Constitution they
took de Tocqueville from us they took
we're better than this kind of language
and they wrapped it in hope and that's
how it works
you have the theater progressives
usually create the problem
which creates fear that may give you the
hope of will protect you from that and
really think I think this is the best
example of how progressives work and I
think it was the best convention best
packaged convention I've ever seen in my
lifetime
it really was well packaged convention
and it's easy to sell that lie because
everybody is sort of looking for a
savior it's the ugly truth and no one
wants to wants to realize is that as
religion disappears in the country
people are looking for a new religion to
fill that space and what better religion
than the government and that is you know
they believed in communism and they
believed in fascism the right generally
believed in fascism and the left
believed in communism but they didn't
want the revolution so they they thought
let's just progress to that utopia
they're still doing that and somehow or
another few of us have been convinced
that Americans still understand what
self-rule even means what what
independence means what pulling yourself
up by it by being somebody who is self
determined I don't think the average
person knows that I make the case that
we're in America 2.0 that the founding
fathers don't really play any part in
what we're doing right now it's the
founding fathers of Theodore Roosevelt
Woodrow Wilson Margaret Sanger FDR
Hillary Clinton Barack Obama that's very
scary stuff the book is called Liars and
Glenn Beck of course is on the show and
Glenn how did it happen that it was able
to take over America so completely so
quickly as you mentioned it's now both
parties it was amazing to watch Donald
Trump say I alone can fix it and then
watch Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama
both say how could you possibly say I
alone can fix it and then follow up with
they alone can fix it basically
everybody's pitch is now they alone can
fix they took this German progressive
ideology wrapped it in the flag and
repackaged it and they're selling it to
us how was it able to be so successful I
mean we traded away the freest country
in the history of the world for this why
you look at it you know everybody thinks
it's happened so quickly I contend then
that we were fools in 2008 even 2000
when we thought oh well everybody thinks
like we did we're all Americans we owe a
lot basically the same thing I think
it's been lost for quite some time it
just hasn't had the it just hasn't had
the push to be completely what it is now
we're seeing the following look at the
Republicans that are falling away for
Trump piece I'd contend if you look at
his programs much of them are socialist
and he's a nationalist that's a
frightening combination to put together
I don't think it's happened over a long
period of time I think the progressives
were very very smart at the very
beginning and did the Council of Foreign
Relations to bring academia and the
media together to teach us stupid people
what policies we should act and the
White House Correspondents Dinner which
was started by Woodrow Wilson to bring
the press into the fold with him yet
again and they've been patient and
making progress a little piece of the
time you know I am a little ashamed of
our side if we talk about doing any of
the things that the progressives have
done that are that are honorable you
know that are just saying hey let's take
a long term plan and let's start
reversed for recive ISM
you can't give anybody on board nobody
is interested in having a long-term plan
that's what killed us they have a
long-term plan
we didn't totally as where is that I
totally agree that I mean there's a
crisis mentality that is adhered to the
right where it's every election is the
most important election that ever
happened in our lifetime so we have to
take the lesser of two evils instead of
building an actual grassroots movement
but that sort of that sort of requires
us to ask the next question which is how
do you go about building a movement like
that in a country that for as you say
for a hundred years had a public
education system that rejects founding
values in a country where the media
totally reject founding values and
suggests that what makes America great
is what government can do for us and you
know you even see folks on the right and
when and when people will say about
what's great about America the folks on
the right will immediately say we put a
man on
moon that's a government program what's
great about America is the freedom that
was created by the founders that allow
us to thrive in our private lives
Elon Musk will put a ban on Mars but
even that even that will be largely
government-funded moves from the the way
to to look at this I think is I mean the
way to get around it is first educating
yourself on what it is and how it works
and to be able to see Trump guys you're
you're doing exactly the same thing you
are in this book this is what you're
doing so educating yourself actually
outlining some principles which we
didn't do the tea party didn't have
principles the night 12 project had
principles but that turned that kind of
into a political thing to if it's just
politics who's gonna lose defining the
principles and then taking over the
media that's a hard one but you're doing
it I mean I just I just spent about 20
minutes this morning reading the daily
wire we're trying to do it at the place
what you're doing right now what I'm
doing online same thing we have to
understand that the culture makes all
the difference any of you not I know
you're smart enough to know this bed
with when I watch the DNC you know it's
it's pretty easy when you can call up JJ
Abrams and say hey make a little
two-minute film to make me look good we
don't have those people on our side you
know we call Scott Baio up but we suck
at storytelling and that's all they do
they reach for the heart think about
this they stood on stage and said having
read the Constitution and then followed
it with a speech that is directly from
the Communist Manifesto no you
apparently haven't read it but they knew
that pulling out this and saying have
you read it would be such a hard moment
that it didn't matter what they said
after it yep man that telling stories
and start getting our act together
because we have the winning argument if
we can also connect to the heart using
how good at it they are and how bad we
are at it and you're exactly right when
you talk to conservatives about culture
and you know this better than I do Glenn
because you've actually tried to move
into the moviemaking space when you when
you talk to conservatives about funding
movies it's just right over their head
because it's more important that we fund
the next Heritage Foundation whitepaper
and that's great but it's more important
that we we fund that we toss ten million
dollars into Donald Trump's campaign
he's gonna lose by ten then it would be
to just take those ten million dollars
invest in a film that's gonna be seen by
tens of millions of people because after
all this election is the only thing that
matters and when I watch entertainment
all I really want to watch is Ronald
Reagan docu PACs which of course is
false if you read the book liars you
will see how well thought-out this was
how well orchestrated how that they had
all of the real thought leaders and the
real artistic leaders and business
leaders all with them and they said this
is our plan now you do this you do this
you do this you bring up movies you
can't talk to anybody with big pockets
on the right that will actually say okay
I'm going to take a risk it's all about
the bottom line when do I see a return
and movies are too too scary I don't
know if we want to do a movie because
we're gonna lose a lot of money do you
know how much money the left is lost you
know how much money they're just willing
just
put down in case it works we've got to
start taking more risks and realizing
your money is worthless if we don't have
freedom well the first step toward
toward obviously taking risk is is
getting to know what's on the other side
and Glenn Beck's book liars how
progressives exploit our fears for power
and control fantastic book it's out
today we're so flattered that Glenn can
stop by and chat with us and I can't
recommend the book highly enough so it's
obviously your local bookstore
amazon.com as well correct I appreciate
that that's very kind of you and don't
don't don't stand too close because when
Trump comes to take me away and put me
in a cell I mean I'd love to have you as
a cellmate Glenn but it's it's
definitely a possibility at this point
so so I would recommend at least a 300
foot distance they said just last night
dad wouldn't you see happening if
Hillary's as I said a couple areas Eva
Peron and and what happened to the drop
but I said Trump is Mussolini and he's
who you do it I said I don't know
because both of them hang with your
father
in jail exactly well again it'll be a
very entertaining adult fun camp shall
we say as Hillary might put is it good
thanks so much for stopping by I really
appreciate the time that is Glenn Beck
his new book is the book Liars how
progressive is Floyd our viewers for
power and control case we have tons to
talk about obviously beyond Glen where
we want to talk about we're into an epic
episode of good Trump bad Trump coming
up in just a minute but you have to go
to Daley wire.com for that so if you
want to subscribe to the show you go to
Daley wired.com you get the rest of the
video podcast $8 a month you get my
podcast you get Adric Levens podcast
most importantly you get to email us you
get in in the mail bag on Thursdays
which is of course the vaunted Ben
Shapiro show mailbag the greatest
mailbag that ever was and we have lots
more to talk about today we didn't get
into all of the fun and games with
Donald Trump which is really I have to I
have to say nobody said that the end of
the Republic was gonna be this much fun
so I'm glad that at least we get to
laugh hysterically as we walk down into
our tomb as a country so that's very
exciting daily wire.com for the rest of
the show or iTunes and SoundCloud to
down
ludie the audio version
all righty so it's time to play good
from bad Trump yeah everybody loves some
good Trump bad Trump okay so we begin
today as always with good Trump
yes that's right Donald Trump said
something good today so what did Donald
Trump say that was good today well he's
getting ripped up and down in the media
for saying something that really is not
a big deal at all in any way what he
said was that Hillary was the devil I'm
confused as to why this is controversial
I mean realistically speaking Hillary's
not the devil because the devil would
never be so obvious as to disguise
himself as Hillary Clinton but you know
when Donald Trump says she's the devil
obviously it's a figure of speech
here's Trump saying that in the media
losing his mind his people are angry at
him and they should be if he would have
just not done anything just go home go
to sleep relax he would have been a hero
but he made a deal with the devil she's
the devil he made a deal with it okay so
he says that she made a deal with the
devil he made the deal with the devil
Sanders said she's the devil
all right big deal so maybe I lose their
mind over this this is good Trump
because honestly a whole round of
headlines about whether Hillary is the
devil or not is not going to be
particularly bad for Trump I think
that's a good round of headlines then
Trump does something else that's good
right more good Trump yeah well done two
in a row so here's Donald from talking
about the media the biggest problem we
have is we have a very dishonest media
we have a media that is so dishonest
that no matter what makes no difference
but these are among the most dishonest
people you'll ever ever meet these
people you know I've had days where I
said boy this was a great day I look
forward to seeing it tonight or tomorrow
and it's brutal
I say what happened but we're gonna
punch through the media we have to okay
so he's totally right about this of
course the media is horrible the media
are out to get him the media are out to
get conservatives generally that's all
true okay so that's good Trump yay good
Trump okay now unfortunately we get too
bad from so here again is my narrow my
normal disclaimer you want to vote for
Trump vote for Trump that's fine you
know I understand the logic Trump's
better than Hillary okay that's that's
your that's your prerogative that's your
risk assessment I get it it's totally
fine
don't how much you embarrass yourself to
defend Trump is another question right
you can say I'm voting for him even
though he's he's really quite terrible
okay here's here's my rule I am going
it's not picking on Trump to make fun of
him okay I make fun of everybody's
you've noticed from the show and I got
to admit the dude is just hilarious he's
just hilarious
so now it's time unfortunately
unfortunately for bad Trump so here it's
time for some bait let's do some some
bad Trump's at Trump there's a big story
that comes out from the New York Times
this morning okay so this is the last 48
hours for Trump let me back up for a
second last 48 hours for Trump we played
him yesterday attacking a fire marshal
right attack the fire marshal because he
says this corrupt evil fire marshal
didn't let enough people into his
building right so he attacks the fire
marshal then he says he's gonna crack
down on internet porn the same day that
the New York Post runs
lesbian nude photos of his wife right
okay
little weird probably getting five
points in the in the straight male
community in the United States because
Melania is a good-looking chick but
let's be real it's a weird juxtaposition
I will crack down on internet porn also
directly next to this article if you
move your eyes over three centimeters is
a picture of my nude wife with another
nude lady it's a little strange okay so
even that not that big a deal
weird sure but let's be let's be real
about this the first spouse is either
way are pretty bad and the first spouse
for Hillary Clinton is a guy who is
receiving particular favors and you
didn't using cigars and unique ways in
the Oval Office and the first spouse on
the Trump side is a lady who posed in
pornography so I think that we are we
may be done with the days of the classy
first spouse but there's the funny okay
so there's funny bad Trump and then
there's just Trump being terrible bad
Trump so let's start with the funny bad
Trump because it's a lot more fun so
yesterday I tweeted out that Trump
because he feels the need to attack
everybody he attacked Ted Cruz again
last night for no reason because Trump
feels the need to attack everybody it's
only a matter of time until he attacks a
puppy right I said this on the show
yesterday that if the Hillary Clinton
campaign trotted out a puppy on stage
next to Trump wearing and I'm with her
t-shirt Donald Trump would punt the
puppy into the third row I said that
jokingly today here was Donald Trump at
a rally yelling at babies here it's real
don't worry about that baby I love
babies so I love babies
I hear that baby crying I like I like it
what a baby what a beautiful baby don't
worry don't worry
the moms running around like don't worry
about it you know it's young and
beautiful and healthy and that's what we
want okay but but look look China when
they devalue ripped us absolutely to
shreds actually I was only kidding you
can get the baby out of here that's all
right don't worry I think she really
believed me that I loved having a baby
crying while I'm speaking that's okay
people don't understand that's okay
was he dropped on his head as a child
I'm just wondering it loves babies and
then he starts talking again and the
baby doesn't sound crying so then he
says I'll well get that baby out of here
in the olden days they would've taken
that baby out on a stretcher so that's
very exciting stuff from Donald's throne
so there he is attacking a baby which is
weird but don't worry it gets weirder
some person gave Donald Trump a purple
heart like a metal and here was Donald
Trump's response to receiving a Purple
Heart a man came up to me and he handed
me his Purple Heart now I said to him I
said to him is that like the real one or
is that a copy and he said that's my
real Purple Heart I have such confidence
in you and I said man that's like that's
like big stuff I always wanted to get
the Purple Heart this was much easier
but I tell you it was such an honor and
maybe I can bring them up on the stage
lieutenant colonel Louis Dorfman I just
oh just like that he appeared every drop
is him with the Cubs pretty spectacular
okay so the reason that's bad Trump is
because this morning the New York Times
The New York Times released a story
about how Trump dodged the draft like
five times he's got five different draft
deferments one because his ankles hurt
okay so when he says things like I
always wanted one of these this was a
lot easier if you always wanted one oh
if you get the Purple Heart for being
wounded in a war if you wanted one I
don't know why you'd want a Purple Heart
and even even soldiers don't want Purple
Hearts right nobody wants the Purple
Heart because the Purple Heart is when
you get wounded no one wants to be
wounded but it's just it's oh my god
he's just he's what words are there were
beyond the point of parody okay and that
wasn't the limit this this was my
favorite this is my favorite these are
all small okay's and then these are a
big deal but if we don't laugh folks we
just have to cry because remember on one
side we have the most corrupt woman ever
to run for high office and on the other
side we have a guy who would you
legitimately may have escaped the the
clown show at the asylum like the asylum
it's not even a regular clown choice I'm
like with sane clowns putting on putting
on paint it's like actually an actual
clown show where they recruited from the
asylum and forcibly painted the faces of
the asylum inmates so here's Donald
Trump this one's my favorite this is
Donald Trump he's clip 5 this is Donald
Trump talking with his good friend Sean
Hannity being coached through being a
presidential candidate by Sean Hannity
yeah I used to take violin lessons
that's a really really good violinist
and and basically this whenever it's
Trump and Hannity on TV it's essentially
Sean Hannity teaching a political lesson
to Donald Trump so he's sort of he says
Donald don't you think it would be great
if you said this and then Trump goes yes
that would be great here is that all
Trump attacking the New York Times and
this I'm sorry it's small folks all this
is small but you must laugh because KUB
odd is hilarious come on but the New
York Times is so unfair I mean they
write three four articles about me a day
no matter how good I do on something
they'll never write good I mean they
don't write good they have people over
there like Maggie Haberman and others
they don't they don't write good they
don't know how to
good and I guess if they did they're
certainly not doing it but the New York
Times is just absolutely a desert they
don't write good yeah it's an
interesting critique they don't write
good the word is well if you want to say
they don't write good stuff then you
should tend they don't write good stuff
oh yeah they don't write good all right
so they're gonna go to the the Donald
Trump Center for kids who want to learn
to read good and do other stuff good too
oh yeah Zoolander drunk for those of you
listening over the age of 40 okay so
that's now now to the serious bedroom so
that's all just the goofy bad Trump
Rises goofy bad Trump in just basically
being adults because that's that's what
he is he's like he's your claw - uncle
who's got a couple of drinks in him and
he's just gonna say what's ever on his
mind and it is really funny I mean it is
I get I have to admit its hysterical and
then there's there's like actual bedroom
so there's Trump spoke to to Kirsten
powers about sexual harassment and he
had said earlier on July 24th on NBC
that some of the women who were
complaining about about the that some of
the women who are complaining about
being sexually harassed by Roger Ailes
he's Roger Ailes helped them and when
they write books and say wonderful
things about him now all of a sudden
they're saying these horrible things
about him he spoke with Kirsten powers
about sexual harassment here's what he
had to say during an interview when
asked what his daughter should do if she
were sexually harassed at work Donald
Trump said he would like to think she
would find another career or find
another company the question
specifically framed around the
allegations against former Fox News
chief Roger Ailes came in an interview
with USA Today Trump defended him so he
says in case you missed the robotic
reading what he actually said to Kirsten
powers is he said something to the
effect of that women should actually
just quit their jobs and then quit their
industries he said he said I would like
to think she would find another career
this vodka I would like to think she'd
find another career or find another
company if she were sexually harassed
okay here is he here is Eric trump his
son making the same case on CBS this
morning
in the workplace there is no question
there is no question that obviously
should be addressed and it should be
addressed strongly and hey listen we all
run a company my father runs a company
you know
take this that is a absolutely no go
anywhere and and that's very much the
case I think what you're saying is you
know Ivanka is a strong you know
powerful woman she wouldn't allow
herself to be you know objected you know
to it and by the way you should
certainly take it up with human
resources and I think you know she she
definitely would as a strong person at
the same time I don't think she would
allow herself to be subjected to that
and I think I think that's the point
he's making and I think he did so well
okay so he she wouldn't allow herself to
be subjected to that first of all women
don't generally allow themselves to be
subjected to sexual harassment okay it's
not their fault if they're sexually
harassed if some dude is a pig then that
happens on a not infrequent basis beyond
that the line that women should just
quit and find another job okay there's
some truth to it which is that if you're
being sexually harassed really don't
have a lot of other choices but to
pretend that when roger ailes when a
very powerful man sexually harasses a
less powerful woman that's a serious
problem and that's not a problem that
can always be cured by going to human
resources
okay the companies don't like it when
their executives are sexually harassing
people because they have to make major
payouts but if you're talking about a
very powerful man from Bill Clinton to
Roger Ailes if you're sexually harassed
and you talk about it you're done your
career is over
you're finished and if you go to HR as
we all know I mean anybody who's ever
been in an office environment where
there is human resources if you go to HR
the first thing that happens is that the
bosses start to marginalize you and they
see you as the problem it doesn't matter
if what you're saying is true HR is one
of the more useless aspects of virtually
any major company you go to HR and
suddenly you're the problem you're the
red flag because you're the one who
complained you're the one who's raising
the issue and then if you end up leaving
the company then word is around town
that you're litigious and that you
complain to HR so it's a little bit
harder than the Trump's are making it
out to be now Eric Trump isn't wrong
that solution is to go to HR if you're
being sexually harass or grab a lawyer
then you have whistleblower protections
or change companies but to pretend that
Ivanka Trump is in the same scenario as
any of these other women who are being
sexually harassed by one of the most
powerful men in media allegedly that's
that's really not particularly good
stuff and then it gets worse Trump is
now claiming it's remembered what's the
date today August 2nd it's August 2nd
Donald Trump is claiming on August 2nd
that the election is going to be rigged
here's Donald Trump talking to Sean
Hannity about this I hope the
Republicans get out there and watch very
closely because I think we're going to
win this election but if it's rigged
like anything else look it was rigged I
thought a little bit for me and we won
in landslides I think it was rigged
against Bernie Sanders with his
super-delegates nonsense
was what we know was whatever any chance
and and I'm telling you November 8th we
better be careful because that elections
gonna be rigged and I hope the
Republicans are watching closely or it's
gonna be taken away from us okay it's
gonna be rigged the election is gonna be
taken away from us here's the problem
when Trump said that the primary system
was rigged he was wrong and I talked
about it at the time it wasn't rigged it
just wasn't a system that he liked it
felt rigged because there were caucus
systems where it was unclear how people
were actually getting voted into power
there wasn't a straight popular primary
vote when you're talking about the
national election in the United States
when you're talking about the the
election across the country and you say
it's going to be rigged now you're
getting into leftist paranoia territory
now you're getting into 2000 george w
bush stole the election from Al Gore by
purposely perverting the ballots and
then having Diebold machines that are
related to Halliburton or some such
nonsense and this is the narrative that
the Trump campaign is already starting
to put out so Roger stone who's
legitimately one of the sleaziest people
in the history of modern American
politics Roger stone was speaking to
Miley innopolis over at Breitbart
another sleazy person in the history of
American politics and Roger stone says I
think we have widespread voter fraud but
the first thing Trump needs to do is
begin talking about it constantly he
needs to say for example today would be
a perfect example I am leading in
Florida the polls I'll show it if I lose
Florida we will know there's voter fraud
if there's voter fraud the selection
will be illegitimate
the winner of the election will be
illegitimate we will have a
constitutional crisis widespread civil
disobedience and the government will no
longer be the government he said if he
can't have an honest election nothing
else counts I think he's got to put them
on notice that their inauguration will
be a rhetorical and when I mean civil
disobedience not violence but it will be
a bloodbath the government will be shut
down if they attempt to steal the since
where Hillary and no we will not stand
for it we will not stand for it so in
other words Trump's got his confidants
out there basically saying that if Trump
loses it must have been stolen from him
that's not unusual for Trump this is
trumpian kind of language any time he
loses it's somebody else's fault but
this is getting into dangerous territory
now if the implication is that Trump
loses by eight million votes and that it
was still stolen from him well the if
people think that the electoral system
seriously doesn't work then we can't
have a
look anymore we can't if people think
that you going out and voting is you're
being cheated your ballots being thrown
out then you're gonna have the same sort
of unrest that you've seen in other
places around the globe where people
feel that their voice is not being heard
and where the election isn't taking
place right and then you get violence in
the streets and it's not gonna be civil
disobedience it will get violent if
people feel like they're being jobs and
Hillary Clinton is being inserted
through a corrupt process things will
get violent
the problem is of course that there's no
evidence than any of that is happening I
mean it's August 2nd
we haven't heard rumours about any of
that happening what's going on is Trump
looking at the polls and he's seeing the
new polls today are not good for him
there's a new poll out today showing him
down 8 he's losing in all the major
swing states the only state where he's
still ahead is Florida and Florida the
last poll was taken July 10th so they
haven't had a poll since the conventions
right now Trump is running one point
behind in Utah in a Utah the most
Republican state in America he's running
36 35 to Hillary Hillary's got 36 he's
now running even in Georgia 45 to 45 is
these are not good numbers for Trump
so he's beginning to figure okay how do
I spin this if I lose how do I spend
this that's not where you want your cans
at at at ladies and gentlemen you know
on august 2nd well you want your
candidate doing is fighting as hard as
he possibly can against Hillary Clinton
not prepping the groundwork for wining
if he loses but I don't think the Trump
really knows how to win or cares about
winning I think that for Trump it's all
about the narrative and if the narrative
is that he was cheated he understands
that his people will still continue to
claim that he was screwed out of this
even if he really wasn't now meanwhile
this-this-this Khan family roll out
continues to make headlines as you
recall this gold star family then and
we're talking a lot of Trump today it's
Trump's in the news and again not my
fault Trump's in the news we spent all
last week talking about Hillary Clinton
because Hillary was in the news if Trump
would shut his face for five seconds and
not see silly things then we could talk
about Hillary and her terrible evil
corruption right now Trump is the story
and we got to follow the story as much
as that story made most want to vomit
continuously Khan the father of Kaiser
Khan he comes out and he says that he's
not looking for an apology from Donald
Trump after Trump basically said that
his wife wasn't talking because his wife
is Muslim he's a Kaiser Khan was I would
never they say he was mad he covered
that with a show go
if you could write the script of his
apology what would you like him to say
no apology needed
in certain the best apology would be
that his supporter repudiate him be away
and pronounce their repudiation we don't
need any apology from him we are beyond
those apologies and we would promised
several months ago that he will pivot to
in the right direction he will change
and he will not do all that but do you
want to hear anything more from him I
don't want anything from him and I don't
want to say anything to him okay so this
is obviously this is an effective
emotional appeal from the Khan family
there is a problem of course which is
that the the policy the pushing for is
really not a very good policy and as
several outlets have pointed out kaiser
khan has spent a lot of his career
working on increasing the level of
Muslim immigration into the United
States so he really is ticked off at
Trump's immigration policy more so than
he's ticked off at Trump per se although
Trump is stupid for going after him
anyway the Trump made another comment
today about Khan and he responded this
way to Takei's Rukh Khan this is just
again not smart I can say this if I was
president because the Sun died 12 years
ago
if I were president his son wouldn't
have died because I would have been in
the war if I was president back then
there would have been no war for Iraq I
can tell you that because I think it's
ridiculous the whole thing and to be in
that war was as you know but ever since
I've known you I've been against that
war okay so he says that if he had been
president in 2004 Kyser khan's son would
still be alive which is a very cruel
thing to say because he obviously can't
predict those sorts of things we were at
war in Afghanistan as well Kizer Khan
presumably would have served there too
Trump also went on to say quote it's a
very big subject for me border security
is very big when you have radical
Islamic terrorists probably all over the
place we're allowed so that we're
allowing them to come in by the
thousands and thousands and I think
that's what bothered mr. Khan more than
anything else and you know I'm not gonna
change my views on that Hey poor wording
there because I don't think this is what
from saying but it certainly comes off
like he's saying the Khan wants radical
Islamic terrorists coming into the
country that's not what Khan obviously
wants it's just
I wish that I wish that we had a race
between Hillary Clinton and someone
who's relatively confident this does
bear some pretty negative ramifications
for Republicans more broadly here's an
example so there's a rally Mike Pence
the vice presidential candidate at under
Donald Trump and one of the members of
the audience gets up and asks Mike Pence
about the Khan family I'm less concerned
with Mike Pence's response because Mike
Pence's responses is good I mean what he
says here is exactly right it's the
answer Trump should have given all along
I'm more concerned with the rally goers
listen what the rally goers do or in
this lady asked a question time and time
again tuned is disrespected our nation's
armed forces and murderers and is
disrespectful mr. Khan and his family's
dismissive
disrespect
we can stop it aery so this lady is a
gold star if she's not gold star mother
but she has a son in the military and
she asks the question about Trump's
disrespect to the military now you can
disagree with the premise of her
question you can say that Trump doesn't
disrespect the military and he doesn't
disrespect the military the same way
that Hillary does Hillary tried to ban
military uniforms from the White House
when she was first lady her the
president's under whom she served has
slashed and burned the military all the
way down to pre World War two size in
terms of the Navy in the size of the
ships of the Navy and down to an army
that can no longer fight two wars
simultaneously and that's real
disrespect for the military it's that's
not saying that Trump doesn't have some
pretty ridiculous situations and things
that he said about the military right he
said that John McCain wasn't a war hero
because he was captured he said that the
these he'd force soldiers to shoot the
family members of terrorists in in
violation of federal law and
international law
he said that Iraqi war soldiers American
soldiers were stealing cash and handing
it out to people he said some things in
the past that are pretty bad but I don't
like that I don't think the question is
is well phrased but when the rally goers
are starting to boo the mother of a
soldier instead of just letting her ask
the question and let pens take care of
it it's a real mistake and this is what
I'm seeing this is what this is my big
problem with with the Trump campaign and
everything that comes along with it
there's this feeling like everything
that Trump does must be defended at all
costs and we have to boo anyone who
dares say in a saying word and I don't
appreciate that even when I disagree
with the person who's saying then a
saying Lord okay all of that said
there's no question that the media are a
bunch of hypocrites the Pat Smith is the
mother of Shawn Smith was killed in
Benghazi she's on TV last night and she
was talking about the fact that media
have been completely ignoring her while
paying all sorts of attention to Kaiser
Kahn even though Hillary Clinton called
her a liar I do complain mightily about
well you're not saying it but I I'm very
much against the way I was treated I was
treated like dirt I don't think that the
the Khan family was treated that way but
I was treated like dirt I was called a
liar I would be Sheikh Quinn on TV many
times and nodding her head thinking that
she is so wonderful and she knows
everything and I
nothing and I was just imagining this I
don't imagine my son getting killed I
don't imagine that at all but why would
she say that to me
the wonders paid to the cons I don't
know I was told so much bull crap about
Benghazi and most of it most the things
I heard were lies absolute outright Liza
and and that the government never got
back to me like they promised Hillary
promised she would get back to me and
tell me what happened I don't know why
my son is dead I want answers and I want
answers about why my son is dead and why
she made the decisions that she made I
don't like her decisions I don't think
she'll make a very good any kind of good
president I don't like her decisions she
kills people okay and and so you know
she says that and the media are all over
her she's she's the worst person she's
terrible she's awful it's really it's
really foolish for the media to play
this double game because it means that
everybody knows what Liars they are
another liar Joe Scarborough on MSNBC
now he's going nuts and he says that
that Donald Trump is totally unhinged
she's totally crazy yes I've known him
for a decade I've never seen him act
like this before it's in line the hinge
it's not the Donald Trump that I've
known for over a decade this is I never
have seen anything remotely resembling
this type of behavior from a guy who
I've known and liked and called a friend
the other thing I was hearing that a lot
yesterday I think I'm wondering if you
heard also from people was people are
asking me why can't anyone around him
get him to stop I think it's gotten a
lot worse even over the past month I eat
I'm telling you we're in unchartered
territory now I mean there was again
there was a time when people could talk
to him and say this is damaging you this
is hurting you and this
emotional though it's not like this it
doesn't feel like it's like a strategy
it feels like it's just a strategy
coming down okay Joe Scarborough with
your there's something about meri hair
let me explain something to you
you said this like three months ago it's
always against Trump I mean but will
they say this time it's all over I'm
just saying
seriously if he jackasses that have been
doing this for nine months you just stop
embarrassing themselves it's getting
really old
what's insulting to me is you can't
state politically obvious things right
without people saying oh you're the tank
for Trump or oh you're supporting Trump
or oh no no no we just can actually look
at the earth and see that the Sun Goes
Down and that it's actually not flat but
there been a lot of flat earthers out
there for nine months right now okay so
here there he was defending Trump like
three months ago so the media played
this double game notice that they're
dumping all of their crap on Trump now
right they waited until he was the
nominee and then they dumped everything
on him which is perfectly predictable we
were predicting it several months ago
and I'll tell you what they're they're
completely ignoring however and that is
Hillary continuing to lie so Hillary
over the weekend lied about her emails
and then Hillary spokesperson was on TV
last night lying about her lying about
her emails what she attempted to
indicate in her response was that
director Comey was very clear when he
was asked in the hearing before Congress
last month about the nature of the
answers that she gave in her interview
to the Justice Department and director
Comey in response was quite clear that
he had no reason to believe that
anything she ever said to the Justice
Department was at all untruthful and
what she was indicating in that
interview to Chris Wallace was that what
she said to those Justice Department
interviewers was entirely consistent
with what she has said to the public for
the last several months and many
questions that we've answered on this
issue they're liars they're liars
they're liars the media won't cover that
the media will cover all of Donald
Trump's various labels granted those
labels are more fun than covering
Hillary Clinton but it doesn't change
the fact that Hillary Clinton is just as
terrible as Trump in every way and in
most ways she's worse okay time for
things I like things I hate and then the
corrections which is a new addition to
the program and it's very dangerous game
to play when you say that you
corrections to the program because then
everyone who has a correction from 45
episodes ago emails you this is what I
found so we can begin with things I like
we're doing post apocalyptic literature
to prepare you for the end of the world
last Babylon is today's post apocalyptic
literature Pat Frank this book is is you
know kind of a classic of the genre a
nuclear war hits
how do people survive afterward it's
it's been made into a movie I think I
don't think the movies particularly good
but the book is very good I read it
several years ago and I just remember
enjoying it as much as you can enjoy a
book about the end of the world so alas
Babylon Pat Frank check it out at
amazon.com okay time for some things
that I hate so Apple has decided that
it's time to save the world how are they
gonna save the world not by giving tons
of money to charity not by hiring more
people no they're gonna save the world
by getting rid of the gun emoji and
instead replacing with a water pistol
emoji here's what the new emoji will
look like right so they have the pistol
emoji which is kind of cool and now
they've replaced that with the water gun
emoji which is just dorky okay and how
are you supposed to express that you
want to commit suicide over the
selection on Twitter if you have to use
water gun emoji if you water gun your
own head presumably you just got what so
that's the this whole thing is stupid
how many lives will this save none well
what will this change absolutely nothing
but it makes all the lefties over at
Apple feel really good about themselves
because from now on they won't have to
look at those evil terrible pictures of
cartoon guns and feel as though they're
making the world the worst place now
they can look at happy green happy green
water guns and feel like they're making
the world a better place okay other
things that I hate today the media are
losing their mind over Koren gates ok
Koren gates is black woman who was shot
by the cops and they're making a big
deal out of that of her being shot so
think progress is headline in GE you can
see her good-looking gal she's got
braces on it looks like here and and her
kids in the background she's a little
kid and she got a couple tattoos and it
says police fatally shoot woman holding
five-year-old boy in her lap so if you
read that headline you would assume the
police fatally shot a woman holding a
five-year-old boy in her lap would you
not because that's the headline here's
what actually happened ok so they went
to her house they went to her house to
issue an arrest warrant for failing to
appear in court after a traffic
violation in March no one responded to
ten minutes
knocking even though they could hear
several people inside officers went to
the landlord they obtained a key to the
apartment and they found her sitting on
the floor and her five-year-old son was
wrapped in one of her on in one of her
arms what was in her other arm a shotgun
that's right she was carrying a shotgun
in her other hand waiting for the cops
to enter around 3:00 p.m. after several
hours of negotiation police say Gaines
raised the gun at officers and told them
she would kill them if they did not
leave at which point the officers shot
her so they fired one round at her she
fired several rounds back at us we fired
again at her striking and killing her
tragically in this circumstance the
child that was also in the dwelling was
struck by a round the man being sought
fled the home there's a man there also
who's being sought he fled the home with
one-year-old child who's later taken
into custody
so we were still seeing if there's any
body footage of the incident the son had
non-life threatening injuries of course
everybody is going nuts right oh my god
REM remember corn gates say her name I
have an idea don't try to fire a shotgun
at the cops you human piece of crap and
don't do it while you're holding your
baby in your other arm you double human
piece of crap I have a two and a half
year old kid and I have a little baby if
I plan on getting into a firefight with
police which I don't if I do I guarantee
you I'm not going to be holding my child
in one hand and the gun in the other
this is a terror tactic okay something
Hamas and Hezbollah do when they're
firing at Israeli soldiers this is
something that Isis does when they're
trying to fight American troops there's
been a long-standing horrible tactic
using your kid as a human shield while
you fire your shotgun two cops not only
this woman deserve to be shot she
deserve the the electric chair if she'd
survived I mean that's that's bad stuff
trying to murder cops and put your kid
in your lap while you're doing it
because you're a piece of crap that's
terrible if now if the footage comes out
that's that's the best available
information we have the footage comes
out it's a totally different story I'll
retract everything I just said but
that's the information that's being
given out and it doesn't matter the
entire left is still declaring that she
was just some innocent woman who was
shot by the cops while holding her kid
in her lap Wesley Lowery of The
Washington Post says this was a summary
execution no C summary executions don't
involve you holding a child on your lap
and a gun in your other hand while
you're mourning the cops are gonna blow
them away and then shooting at the cops
turns out that that that really has
nothing to do with summary execution it
has to do with you being a piece of
garbage okay time for correct
so a couple of weeks ago I mentioned
Michael Jordan's killer Michael Jordan's
father's killers and I said there's two
black guys it wasn't it was one black
guy one white guy so there's quick
correction there also yesterday I gave a
specific physical description of Phineas
Gage a man who's very famous in the
psychological community because he took
a pole through the head and and it
totally changed his personality which
led people to really think that maybe
the brain has something to do with your
personality apparently he did not get
the pole I said that he got to pull in
his eye and came out the back of his
head it did not in fact it went out it
came in below his eye and came out the
side of his head so thank you for the
correction folks I'm glad that we have a
literate audience and they know how to
even spell Phineas Gage that's it that's
it that's a good thing all right so
we'll be back tomorrow hopefully
hopefully Donald Trump will start to
pull things together so we don't have to
do so much bad Trump everyday hopeful I
mean I'll admit that I find it amusing
when he says silly things but at some
point at some point would it be okay if
he just had a normal day where he just
attacked Hillary Clinton so we can talk
about that please Donald please just
control yourself for five seconds please
I'm Ben Shapiro this is the Ben Shapiro
show
