the case against Brett Kavanaugh is is
falling apart more and more with each
passing hour and the allegations are
just unraveling and the smear merchants
who concocted this character
assassination crusade are looking around
it seems for a way to jump off the
bandwagon before it's too late there
they're like that gif and it is gift by
the way not jiff of Homer Simpson
backing away into the bushes that's kind
of like what some of the Democrats are
doing I think when you look at
everything that's happened when you look
when you look at everything that's
happened with with with this Brett
Kavanaugh thing you see all of the
problems with the me2 movement kind of
encapsulated in this in this in this one
thing now all of those problems and
they're very significant problems with
the mutant movement they didn't just
rear their ugly head for the first time
this week they've been there all along
but if somehow you never notice them
before I think now anyone with two brain
cells can can see because all of those
all of the the problems have been sort
of illustrated in the last one or two
weeks enough that even just this
isolated by itself even just the last
one or two weeks I think would be enough
should be enough to discredit the me2
movement and and maybe hopefully you'll
cause us to look away from that and
return some some some semblance of
rationality and sanity to the
conversation about sexual assault and
harassment because it is a very
important conversation and that's my
precisely my problem with the mutant
movement is that the mutant movement has
ended the conversation about it didn't
start the conversation it hasn't
enhanced the conversation or facilitated
it it has ended the conversation because
we're not allowed to have a conversation
anymore about it with the mutant
movement now there's a narrative and all
you're allowed to do is stick to the
narrative you're not allowed to actually
you know ask any questions or make any
points or anything like that so
hopefully now we most of us can see that
in fact I think not again not just from
the last two weeks but but in general I
think there are at least there are at
least six significant problems with the
me2 movement
and six good reasons why it should end
