this election has been so full of
amazing twists and surprises that only a
gormless bozo would try to predict what
will happen next so let's get started
prediction number one now that the
nomination of Donald Trump has been
confirmed things should settle down into
a more recognizable pattern as soon as
next week's Democratic convention is
over FBI director James Comey will
announce that he has discovered evidence
that Hillary Clinton sold government
favors in return for contributions to
the Clinton Foundation the next day a
metal barrel will be found floating in
the Potomac containing sulfuric acid and
James commis cufflinks and dental
fillings a few hours after that blandly
sinister Attorney General Loretta Lynch
will hold a press conference and
announced that the Justice Department
will not indict mrs. Clinton Lynch will
also announce that she's going to
appoint a new FBI director just in case
Comey doesn't come to work tomorrow for
some reason the next morning the New
York Times a former newspaper will run a
front-page headline reading Republicans
Republican plans to disperse in tanam
foiled as Lynch declines to indict
President Obama will announce that mrs.
Clinton is quote the most qualified
woman ever to run for president on a
major party ticket in a blue pantsuit in
2016 the major network news departments
will end all coverage of the FBI
investigation saying there is no smoking
gun whereupon mrs. Clinton will quietly
drop her purse and quickly kick it under
the sofa saying it isn't hers and she
does doesn't know what's in it or why
it's smoking prediction number two after
the Republican convention Donald Trump
will get a bump in the polls and go from
being within two percentage points of
Hillary Clinton to within 15 percentage
points someone explains to him that the
bump was supposed to go in the other
direction Trump will appear on the
Hannity show to announce the system is
rigged the Hannity show by then we'll be
on the Home Shopping Network since
Hannity will have quit Fox to protest
the fact that Roger Ailes was fired just
because he accidentally grabbed Megyn
Kelly's backside while restraining her
with a chokehold which let's face it
could have happened to anyone
during the first debate Trump will offer
to make a twenty five million dollar
donation to the Clinton found
if mrs. Clinton will admit that she lied
to the nation about Benghazi mrs.
Clinton will respond with a ringing
refusal saying quote that would be
utterly unethical like that time I lied
to the nation about Benghazi prediction
number three the final election in
November will be a tie which has to be
sent to the House of Representatives the
night before the House vote Paul Ryan
will have a terrible dream in which he's
Superman and has to decide whether to
rescue Lois Lane or Jimmy Olsen he'll
wake up screaming until he realizes it
wasn't real in his relief he'll turn on
the TV only to find it still July and
Donald Trump's nomination is just now
being confirmed at the GOP convention
then the entire election will start
again from the beginning
because it's a nightmare trigger warning
I'm Andrew Clavin and this is the Andrew
Clavin show all right I almost made it
through god it's a lot of drama at the
convention yesterday we're going to talk
about that I think you will hear things
here you probably are not hearing
elsewhere they will challenge your
prejudices so my recommendation is that
you put your fingers in your ears now
and whistle this Dixie very loudly
because you do not want your prejudices
welcome to everybody watching on
Facebook I hope we had a glitch last
time so we didn't go on live we went on
live but we had no sound which some
people said improve the show but I I
hope not but we're here today I hope and
so oh you get 15 minutes of pure joy and
wisdom and then you have to come to the
Daily wire to listen to the rest or and
you can also subscribe to The Daily wire
whereupon you can also watch the rest
and be part of the mailbag we have a
great mailbag yesterday we will have a
great one next week and you could be
part of it if you would just pry your
fingers off the lousy eight bucks a
month and plunk for the subscription and
support us here all right so the Clavin
this weekend is we're on the brink of
the Clavin this weekend I hope so while
you're listening yeah well I hope you're
loading your ar-15 and stock up on water
you might just but the headsets in and
go down to the bunker they've been
getting bad they've been getting bad
this one will start with Donald Trump's
speech so who knows what that's
oh and we'll come back if anybody's
still alive we'll come back and talk
about that next week so here's the setup
what happened last night yeah I'm sure
you've heard about a lot of it but we'll
go through it
Trump invited all his defeated GOP
rivals to come and speak at the
convention and you know a lot of them
did Marco Rubio sent like a 94 84 second
tape and you know basically saying it's
time for us to come together and you
know Scott Walker did one John Kasich
refused and that kind of made him look
bad because they are in his state and
there's Trump as Trump right rightly
said he should have shown up even if it
was the Democratic convention you know
it's his state thanks for coming guys so
he didn't do it he wasn't gonna do it
but he invites Cruz Cruz says he'll come
and remember this has been ugly ugly
stuff by the time they're finished lyin
Ted and his wife is ugly and I remember
a picture of you know mrs. Cruz looking
Heidi Cruz looking terrible and of
course the best one of all his father
killed President Kennedy but Raphael was
somehow consorting with Lee Harvey
Oswald killed Kennedy unbelievable stuff
but crew says he'll show up and he sends
in his speech and the speech is vetted
so they've read the speech so now he
starts talking and he gives as he opens
his speech he talks about basic
basically he sets the theme of his
speech here it is America is more than
just a land mass between two oceans
America is an ideal a simple yet
powerful idea freedom matters for much
of human history government power has
been the unavoidable constant in life
government decrees and the people obey
but not here we have no king or queen
we have no dictator We the People
constrain government our nation is
exceptional because it was built on the
5 most the end it just jumped up anyway
he sets the idea for powerful words in
the English language I want to be free
ok so that's the idea if America is not
just the landmass it's an idea and by
the way people are cheering they gave
him a big welcome they're screaming
hooray for Ted Ted is here it's great ok
so that's the thing and then he goes on
and by the way he did open by
congratulating Donald Trump that's the
last time he mentioned him he
congratulations
Trump Trump daya Donald you know well
done you won the thing and then he goes
on and then he said essentially praises
the instinct that lifted Donald Trump to
success he praises the people for
rebelling against the establishment
because remember until Trump showed up
Cruz was the real anti-establishment
candidate and then many people would
argue that he actually was the really
anti-establishment candidate so he
praises them this is the second Cruz gut
voters are overwhelmingly rejecting the
political establishment and
overwhelmingly rejecting big government
that is a profound victory and it is one
earned by each and every one of you
people are fed up with politicians who
don't listen to them fed up with a
corrupt system that benefits the elites
instead of working men and women
we deserve an immigration system that
puts America first and yes builds a wall
to keep America safe so so basically
saying you know some some of this Trump
got right some of it you got right
he rips Hillary Clinton he does his due
diligence as a GOP guy at the convention
but it becomes clear he's not gonna
endorse Trump and like I said they've
they've seen this speech and his people
claimed and ben shapiro had this
exclusively early on early last night he
had this exclusively that his people
claimed that trump operatives start to
gin up the crowd to start to boo him and
people so you can hear them start to
shout endorse Trump endorse Trump and
instead of endorsing Trump what he says
is he tells people to vote their
conscience so here he is and people just
booed him off the stage here it is we
deserve leaders who stand for principle
who unites us all behind shared values
who cast aside anger for love that is
the standard we should expect from
everybody and to those listening please
don't stay home in November if you love
our country and love your children as
much as I know that you do stand and
speak and vote your conscience vote for
candidates up and down the ticket who
you trust to defend our freedom and to
be faithful to the Constitution we must
make the most of our moments to fight
for freedom to protect our
god-given rights even if those with whom
we don't agree
so that when we are old and gray and
when our work is done
and we give those we love
one final kiss goodbye we will be able
to say freedom matters and I was part of
something beautiful and as he's going
into his Perot raishin his build up to
this to the end Trump comes in and so
Trump stomps on the end of his you know
he comes in just in the audience and he
sits down drawing the attention away
from the climax of his speech so Trump
really gave it to him I mean he really
you know he basically invited him read
the speech said you're not endorsing me
I am going to light you up and that his
classic Trump you know he's Trump is a
vindictive you know angry small man he's
a small man I mean that's an inside he's
a small guy and he never forgets an
insult he never forgets a slight and he
doesn't forgive and it's not about the
unity of the party or anything like that
and so he brought he drew him in and he
took him out and I think you know it was
it was well done if you like that sort
of thing now the people watching this of
course divided along predictable lines
the people who loved Trump said Cruz was
a jerk for doing this he should have
endorsed the people who loved Cruz said
Cruz came across as a man of principle
and Trump really was small and mean I
supported Cruz when he was running he
basically represents the things that I
like but I have to tell you all this
time you've heard me say this on the air
all this time I have wondered why people
don't like Cruz now I know this was a
classic
moral error you listen to him today
making excuses for what he did sort of
putting us that final Cruz if anyone
thinks I was eager to come to this
convention and give a speech laying out
supporting a great many of the policy
positions laid out by Donald Trump
laying out while Hillary Clinton is
utterly unfit to be President
despite the fact that neither he nor his
campaign has ever taken backward they
said about my family I promise you I was
not eager to do that
that was not something I was happy to do
it was something I thought I had an
obligation to do I had an obligation to
go and stand and speak and I will say
what does it say when you stand up and
say vote your conscience and rabbets
supporters of our nominee begins
screaming what a horrible thing to say
if we can't make the case to the
American people that voting for our
party's nominee is consistent with
voting your conscience is consistent
with defending freedom and being
faithful the Constitution then we are
not going to win and we don't deserve to
win that's how you win elections okay
now that reminds me of Obama after the
police get shot he goes out and says
well I say I said that we should like
the police you know while I was while I
was making everybody angry and
pretending that there's some kind of
racial problem with the cops and the
cops are killing black people it will
you know while I was saying that I also
said that police are nice you know so
what why is it my fault when people get
shot look crews knew exactly what he was
doing just like Trump knew exactly what
he was doing and he made a classic moral
error and this is what it is okay he I
believe I'm absolutely willing to give
Cruz the benefit of the doubt and say
that he's a man of principle and a man
of truth I hope I'm a man of principle
and a man of truth but being a man of
principle and a man of truth is not the
only moral obligation you have okay
morality is not a one-note song it's a
harmony of obligations to man and God
and sometimes those obligations conflict
if you are you loyal t is a positive
thing if you're loyal to something evil
obviously your obligation is to the good
but if you're loyal to something good
and the truth becomes a problem you have
to make a very very difficult decision
people don't trust honest people a lot
of times I have noticed in my life
because they know that they might put
honesty above the cause they might put
honesty above the family they might put
honesty above loyalty but looking look
at it this way let's say I wake up
tomorrow and I realize I'm a Democrat
suddenly I'm a needless I have no morals
all I want to do is kill babies you know
this is and I think like yeah no I get
it I can see it before but now I'm a
Democrat I have an obligation to still
speak the truth although I don't because
I'm a Democrat so I but let's pretend
for a minute I have an obligation to
still speak the truth I can't come in
here and do it because I also have an
obligation to my employers to represent
something like what they believe I don't
have to I don't have to toe the party
line
I have great employers they let me say
what I want to say
I don't have to echo everything they
believe but I have to come in here and
say something on the line of what the
daily wire stands for and represents
which is easy for me because I stand for
and represent the same thing if I stop
doing that I I then have to go somewhere
else let me just pause here just a
moment say goodbye to our Facebook
friends come to the Daily wire hear the
rest it's really getting good alright so
you know I have I have several other
obligations Cruz's obligation here was
not to show up if he didn't want to do
it he says I had an obligation to come
he didn't he had no obligation to come
if he can't support this guy if he
thinks Trump is evil he should say so
but not there if he thinks Trump can't
be supported he should say so but not
there you don't come to the convention
which is your your party is still his
party it's hit there your party's
attempt to put forward its nominee in
the best possible light you don't come
there and say vote your conscience which
is a very very obvious knock at this guy
he went in what he did was he made his
principles he became idolatrous about
his principles and about telling the
truth you know who else does this John
McCain John McCain believes in his
personal honor in a moment when he was
captured and tortured that made him a
hero because his honor was so important
at other times it's made him a buffoon
because he's put his honour above the
things that he should be representing
above the things that he was elected to
represent he's done it time and time
again where he's put John McCain's
honour above the good of the country
this was Cruz putting his devotion to
principles and truth above the good of
the people that he is supposed to
represent and the people that he is
supposed to serve and he should have
stayed home here's let's take a look at
Ronald Reagan back in 1976
a vicious vicious fight for the
nomination with the sitting president
Gerald Ford who had been appointed not
elected so it was a it was fair to
primary him Reagan went after him
they had just it was just like hands on
throat like Sherlock Holmes and Moriarty
going over the falls and Reagan lost and
he went he lost he really felt that the
country was in bad bad shape and by the
way he was right that Ford was going to
you know Reagan might have won that
election but Ford lost it but he came up
he came up to the stage he stood next to
Ford and this is what he said this is
our challenge and this is why here in
this hall tonight better than we've ever
done before we've got to quit talking to
each other and about each other and go
out and communicate to the world that we
may be fewer in numbers than we've ever
been but we carry the message they're
waiting for
we must go forth from here United
determined that what a great general
said a few years ago is true there is no
substitute for victory there's no
substitute for victory and you know that
that made Reagan the next candidate in
the next president you know because he
said that you can't say look you don't
have to tell me the Trump's not for it I
know what Trump is you don't have to
tell me the Trump is a anomalus is that
he's really bad I get it if Cruz felt
that if Cruz felt he couldn't stand up
for him then he shouldn't have come and
to say you know what to say oh well I
said vote your conscience and they
should say this is a vote your
conscience is to say screw you Donald
Trump and you don't do it at Trump's
party it's just it's just wrong it's
making a dollar it's making your
principles of idolatry is it it is
idolatry about your principles and about
the truth new tried to straighten it out
this was one of my favorite moments of
yet last night a new company now I think
you misunderstood one paragraph the Ted
Cruz who is a superb orator said and I
just want to point it out to you Ted
Cruz said you can vote your conscience
for anyone who will uphold the
Constitution in this election there is
only one candidate who will uphold the
Constitution
so to paraphrase said Cruz if you want
to protect the Constitution the United
States the only possible candidate this
fall is the Trump pants Republican
ticket
nice try new Ted I like it I like that
he went out and did it it was it was a
good move but no but but but let me let
me tell you why a lot of this doesn't
matter we have been talking all this
week about this convention and the
people have been talking about when we
talk about milani as you stole the
speech and now it's Cruz and has always
been some controversy and of course this
is a it's a very divided party and a
party that has really been taken over by
Donald Trump and his family and you know
it's causing a lot of problems it's
gonna cause a lot of problems into the
future but new caught it's something
that really is going to matter more and
Mike Pence then picked it up after him
and and delivered the secret message of
this convention and the message that I
think the people who are not us the
people who are not the elite
commentators are going to hear so let's
hear new talk about what's really going
on in the world importance if you doubt
we are a war if you doubt that this
threat is as well as I say let me
refresh your memory on Monday an Afghan
refugee in Germany used an axe and
knives to slash and wound train
passengers while shouting Allahu Akbar
last week Isis claimed responsibility
after a Tunisian man drove a cargo truck
into a crowd in Nice France he murdered
84 people including 10 children three
Americans and injured over 300 others
two weeks ago almost 300 people were
killed and more than 200 were wounded in
bombing attacks in Baghdad two days
before that radical Islamist in
Bangladesh killed 20 hostages including
three American college students a few
days before that at the Istanbul Airport
in Turkey
Isis attackers armed with guns and bombs
killed 44 people and injured hundreds
more last month
Islamist in Paris stalked a French
police officer to his home where he
murdered the officer tortured his wife
to death in front of their
three-year-old son while streaming it
all on social media he was pondering
outloud whether to kill the
three-year-old when he was killed by
police two days before that an attacker
pledging allegiance to Isis killed 49
people in an Orlando nightclub and
wounded dozens more all this in just the
past 37 days 37 days 37 days I mean
that's what he's talking about and pence
got up and he continued talking about
the economy we won't do that cut but
pence has has done a good job picking up
mitch Daniels recovery of the Indiana
economy which has been producing jobs
unlike the rest of the country has been
producing jobs so quickly that people
are actually joining the work force not
only is the unanimity our unemployment
rate across the country is going down
because people are dropping out of the
workforce but in Indiana the
unemployment rate has has dropped just
as fast but people are going into the
workforce so there are fewer people
actually out of work and that is what
Pence has done but pence got at the
message that I think that people are
gonna see play the second Pence cut but
I've seen this good man up close his
utter lack of pretense his respect for
the people who work for him and his
devotion to his family and if you still
down what I'm saying remember as we say
back home you can't fake good kids how
about his amazing
these are the true measures of our
nominee chosen by the voters is the
right man for these times this is the
outsider my running mate who turned a
longshot campaign into a movement now
over in the other party you know if the
idea was to present the exact opposite
of a political outsider the exact
opposite of a nun calculating truth
teller then on that score you got a hand
in to the Democratic establishment they
outdid themselves this time see that's
what I think people are going to take
away from this what Trump did is he made
he made a virtue out of a problem he
knew that the party doesn't like him
he knows he's running against this whole
party basically he knows that people are
gonna disappear the press we're gonna
report him
he stalked the place with his kids and
his kids did a great job I have to say
his his sons especially we're very
poised
obviously loyal obviously full of
affection for the man and I think what
people are saying is I think that that's
what people see see like look we're
sitting here talking about Melania Trump
and she said three were sentences to
paragraphs whatever they came from you
know what people thought when they saw
Melania Trump I can almost guarantee
this the women thought nice dress I
wonder if I could get a knockoff of that
dress you know it's at my local store
and the guys were thinking nice body I
wonder if I could get a knockoff of that
body
at my local bar and I mean people liked
her she was attractive she had that
funny accent you know she was obviously
having a hard time talking I don't think
people cared a rat's patoot whether he
took a word from Allah Melania oh and
people are sophisticated now you know
they read the press they know exactly
what's going on I don't think you know
they had this whole big splash about Al
Baldassare oh the New Hampshire delegate
for Trump who said that Clinton should
be lined up in shot and now the Secret
Service are investigating like it's a
threatened officer a Democrat National
Committee delegate who was pledged to
Hillary Clinton tried to murder her
husband
and nobody's reporting anything about it
every you know people looked at Cruz and
they're gonna have their opinions and if
they hate Trump they're gonna like Cruz
if they hate Cruz they're gonna like
Trump and all this stuff but that's not
what people are gonna see first of all
Trump is gonna make a speech tonight
he's gonna live and die on that speech
that's what everybody's gonna remember
that's what everybody's gonna tune in to
watch but on top of that they're gonna
take away this image of a guy whose kids
stand up for him he made a virtue of
necessity the party wasn't gonna support
him so he brought in the people who did
support him and last night Eric Trump
made it one of the best speeches of the
evening talking about the fact and this
is true because I was there that in 1986
the city said they're gonna redo the
Bulman skating rink which is this nice
little skating rink in Central Park for
two years it went on while they poured
millions of dollars into it and did
nothing which is typical of New York
construction by the way sixth Avenue the
Avenue of the Americans was a limited
construction for ten years for ten years
because the union's screw up and it's
all graft and all the stuff Trump looked
out his window and said that's
disgusting I'll take it over he took it
over and within six months under budget
he fixed it it's now one of the most
beautiful landmarks in the city that
skating rink I mean in the winter it's
just one of the most beautiful things
that's what they're talking about I
think that's what the people are gonna
take away from this and and Michael
Moore you know I hate to say it but
Michael Moore gets it he was on the Bill
Maher show listen to what he said one of
the things I've been concerned about
this week is that we're all sitting as
you refer to the bubble we're suburban
sitting in our bubble having a good
laugh at this total usage show but but
the truth is is that this place to a lot
of people that he has to win to become
the next president and and I have to say
I mean I I'm I'm sorry to have to kind
of be the the buzzkill here so early on
but I think Trump is gonna win if you
want I am glad you're saying no no the
enemy is complacency say it every day I
don't think see see Michael Moore I'm
not saying the Trump is gonna win I'm
not so I kid no way and predict this
election anymore but I do truly believe
that the people are seeing a different
election than the rest of us that those
of us with our faces buried in the
newspaper those of us with our faces
buried in each other's faces as we talk
about this are not seeing what the
people are seeing I know
Trump is disliked I know women
especially dislike him but still I think
he is in with a shot because
he is he's smart enough to know what he
doesn't have and what he does what he
can sell and what he can't sell even the
fact that he transformed his business
into a licensing corporation shows that
he knew what he had he knew what to do
so it's gonna be it's gonna be really
interesting we'll be back if the if the
country survives the clayvin this
weekend we'll be back to talk about it
after a speech that will tell the story
I gonna do this anyway you know I wanted
to talk about movie songs because I once
talked about the fact that movie music
this is stuff I like we have moved off
the electron to stuff I like that that
movie music is some of the best music
around but movie songs are really funny
you know they're always used to be a
song in a movie that they would just
throw in because why not they were just
entertaining you they didn't know what
they were doing so you know like they
did be in the big sleep and Lauren
Bacall would suddenly sing some song and
it had nothing to do with anything but
somewhere along the line they decided
that the song maybe this was as a sales
tool the song had to have the name of
the movie in the song so they started to
write these stupid song like the one
from here to eternity here's Sinatra
singing From Here to Eternity
from here to eternity
so true it never would
Nickolas right from you know the Telfer
here to eternity was from the old
drinking song you know gentlemen
soldiers out on the spree damn from here
to eternity
so if they turns into stupid love song
so so comedians started making fun of
this and the two best versions of this
were Bill Murray doing Star Wars this is
him making fun of this tradition but
even better I think although it's very
close because they're both really funny
was Mel Brooks and his Alfred Hitchcock
take off
on top of the piano and sang this song
hi xiety whenever I anxiety it's you
that I feel
my heart's afraid why it's crashed
before but then you take my hand
my hostas are
i anxiety my favorite part of this is
when he goes hey xiety absolutely no
sense but just to remind you as we leave
this Clavin week into the dive into the
Clavin list we can just remind you that
every now and again somebody got it
exactly right here is a terrific song by
Henry Mancini and Leslie Bruce the guy
who wrote all those Anthony newley hits
like who can I turn to and nobody needs
me and all this stuff and they wrote
this for this really little Audrey
Hepburn and Albert Finney movie called
two for the road it's a beautiful
beautiful song which I have been heard
occasionally to sing to my wife after a
couple of drinks so I will leave you
with this lovely lovely movie theme two
for the road and I will see you next
week those of you who survived I'm
Andrew Clavin this is the Andrew Clavin
show crawl back here from your bunkers
when you
too far the road will travel down the
years collecting precious memories
selecting souvenirs the way we believe
in summertime the Sun
