standing in the smoking rubble of the
clave endless weekend contemplating the
disaster that is the result of eight
years of Democrat policies some of you
may wonder what is there left that we
can laugh at ah but that's where the
Republicans come in yes today begins the
GOP convention when the only party that
can prevent America from blowing itself
to bits will blow itself to bits let's
take a look at the scheduled events the
convention begins with a rousing
rendition of this year's theme song
Yahoo it's an utter debacle following an
opening riot a marching band before
eight through the convention trying to
escape after that Sen Senator Tom cotton
will make the first speech entitled I
just look like Tom cotton he's not
really here after that Donald Trump's
wife Melania and Senator Joni earnest
will appear on stage and Melania will
explain to Joni where she bought her
terrific breasts and finally the ball
past to tim tebow who will drop it
recover it run ten yards in the wrong
direction then hurl a panic pass into a
clutch of defenders and finally fall to
one need to thank the good Lord that the
rumors he'd be speaking here turned out
to be untrue the evening concludes with
someone trying to remember the lyrics to
the star-spangled banner Tuesday will
either be the second day of the
convention or the third month depending
whether you're measuring by the calendar
or by how much time has been subtracted
from your life span I'm never going to
get through this the opening speaker
will be Dana White the president of
Ultimate Fighting Championship who will
demonstrate on himself deliver a rapid
triple punch to the groin I'm sorry God
and then be carried off state it's a
hospital alright I've lost it completely
white one it's just a bad weekend white
will be followed by Tiffany Trump and
Donald Trump jr. and Eric trump who will
desperately cover for the fact that no
real people would agree to attend dad's
event finally Governor Scott Walker will
take the stage to explain why he's
decided the end is pulling I'm glad one
of us is having a good time I think
all right on Wednesday things will
really get started ha when vice
presidential nominee Mike Pence will
introduce the new Trump Pence logo which
features a tea thrusting itself
repeatedly into a pee until the pee
cries out in my lips XD many people
complained that the logo looked up
saying but the P said shut up and mind
your own business it's perfect Ted Cruz
and Newt Gingrich will also be on hand
for symbolic ceremony in which they'll
light a commemorative torch and set fire
to their good names finally thursday
july twenty first is a day no one will
ever forget no matter how desperately
they try republican delegates from
around the nation will be hunted down
and dragged sobbing onto the convention
hall floor well they'll be forced to
cast their votes for the one man who
could save this nation if only he were
someone else then amidst a colorful rain
of balloons and tomatoes Donald Trump
will take the stage to deliver a
powerful declaration of his beliefs in
policies the him he'll quietly returned
to his hotel room and phone Hillary
Clinton to congratulate her on becoming
president in January trigger Clavin and
this is the Andrew Clavin I knew that
wasn't gonna go well when I was writing
it I was weeping but believe me folks if
I had gotten through that it would have
been so funny but at least at least one
of us got a laugh at it all right you
may think things are terrible but it's
Lindsey's birthday and and what a
delight she is you know I have been so
lucky to work at places with so many
nice people and this is an exception but
Lindsay what the great great people to
work with she just brightens up
everybody's day and in this entire
workplace so happy birthday and just how
bad was this Clavin last weekend this
baby clava week was so bad on Sunday I'm
lying on top of the bed i'm reading a
book and my wife comes in and says go
back to work
Oh things are going bad all right we're
live on Facebook for 15 minutes after 15
minutes we will shut down your entire
face we may just blow up the entire
internet but you can still come to one
place you can come to see the rest of
the show is the Daily wire you can
listen to it there or or you could
subscribe for a lousy eight bucks a
month and then not only do you get to
watch us and gosh it's exciting let me
tell you not to get to watch it but you
can be in the mailbag that's the
important thing you can put in your
questions in the mail bag and we will
answer them all for you so what a
weekend what a horrible i mean you know
i wish i lived in a leftist imagination
because it's so much nicer than real
life you know one of the things what I
think we are seeing I really do believe
this i think we are seeing the end of
eight years of intellectual dishonesty I
mean I talk about intellectual
dishonesty is being different than
regular honesty because I know people
who are dishonest you know people who
are pathologically can don't do what
they say they're going to do don't do
what they said they do but they're
intellectually honest they see the world
as it is then I know people I would
trust them with my life I mean
completely on but they'd lie to
themselves all the time and you see this
intellectual dishonesty always works the
same way things go along kind of it an
even keel and then they drop off the
table you know the moment the place
where you most often see intellectual
dishonesty is when people get divorced
and they say the kids are fine the kids
are great kids are adaptable they'll be
great they'll be fine you know that ban
define there's everything's fine you
know and let's can we cut the kids down
now yeah that's like him can we find
your so he has a catch of weapons in the
garage you know what does that mean you
know so he so he stay you know and then
and then ten years later in therapy the
kid comes back and says you've ruined my
life you know and this intellectual
dishonesty is finally catching up with
the Obama administration he was the
light worker remember he was going to
save us Oba member that song Obama's
going to save us the little kids singing
that stuff and he is a rank incompetent
he's a rat with radical leanings you
know that all the radical stuff the
terrorists he hung out with the people
the Jeremiah Wright the church he went
to all that stuff that he lied about and
the fact that he lied just the fact that
he lied to us and the Press said
oh well now it's explained you know now
is that remember David Brooks saying
what a wonderful speech it was a
symphony that speech where he talked
about Jeremiah Wright no he never said
this guy hates America and I've been in
his church for 20 years 20 years of
Sunday's up and I never heard thing and
never heard of thing all these lies are
coming so all right the minute I walk
out of the office right it starts with
the nice attack this crazy guy inspired
by Isis drives a truck into what is
their july 4th celebration bastille day
kills 84 people and the headline I mean
this is what we're just going to trace
the intellectual dishonesty how it keeps
working because now it's getting
desperate now it's like it's like
everybody just has to lie to keep us
from seeing who you going to believe
them or your lying eyes what you see in
front of us so the New York Times runs a
headline truck attack on French crowd
scores not like it's a Stephen King
novel it is truck went well Shapiro
tweets out this headline from the new
york times over the weekend saying is
the worst headline ever and i wrote him
back and I said you know I tweeted him
back i said just remember most trucks
are peaceful so so Twitter goes nuts and
they have a hashtag not all trucks and
then people started in you know like how
we have to ban anyone can get a truck
this is terrible it's easier than
getting a book you can go in and get a
truck anywhere you know it's like it's
that you know nobody's laughing
obviously at this horrible tragedy which
involve children nobody's laughing about
that we're laughing at these completely
deluded people who go on lying and lying
in line as their entire worldview comes
apart at the scene and you know it's not
just it's not just the headlines of
course it's our officials John Kerry
goes on the Jake Tapper show and he
explains that the reason we're seeing so
many attacks from Isis is because Isis
is folding basically they are on the run
and I believe what we're seeing are the
desperate actions of an entity that sees
the noose closing around it well with
all due respect sir I'm not sure that it
looks that way to the public that Isis
is on the run in just the last few weeks
we handle obviously a series of Isis
inspired attacks 49 killed in Orlando 45
killed in
symbol at the airport more than 200
killed in Baghdad 84 in Nice this is
just the last five weeks I don't think
Isis is on the run it's big well Jake it
depends on where you mean nicest I don't
know if this guy was actually Isis and
nor do you and we don't know that the
guy in Orlando was fundamentally Isis
nor even told what to do by Isis if
people are inspired they're inspired but
ISIL which is which is based in Iraq and
Syria is under huge pressure and that is
just a fact now there are thousands of
fighters some of whom left the area of
the fighting years ago and they are
sitting in some community somewhere in
the world and if you're saying that one
person standing up one day and killing
people is a reflection of Isis moving in
Iraq and Syria I think you're dead wrong
see the intellectual honesty dishonesty
there is that we're fighting groups
we're fighting people were fighting an
idea and they won't even mention the
idea poor John Kerry can't even escape
from his own face it's like his face I'm
strapped please let me out of my face
it's like you know he's saying oh well
they've lost this territory there and
that's a good thing Isis has been using
their territory to recruit they've been
saying we we're establishing the
caliphate no one has ever done this
before and that's been a good
recruitment tool and okay that's that's
a victory that we fight you know that we
take away their territory but we're
fighting an idea and the idea is
spreading you know I subscribe to the
science magazine it tells me new
developments in science and it's pretty
basic you know it just says this is what
they're fine some scientist I wish I
brought it in i read it to you but some
scientists went over to you know the
Middle East to study why Isis fighters
fight so well and this is you know I
mean you gotta admire me went out and he
interviewed people the interview these
dangerous guy found that it's because
they have a belief system that they're
willing to die for he said maybe we
should have that is what he says there's
a scientist he's like a scientist
discovering what everybody else knows
but he has to discover it scientifically
you know they have a belief system we've
lost our belief system we've lost our
religion we think our religion is evil
so we're not going to stand up for it so
we're not you know we're not
writing as well as they are because we
don't understand just as a sidebar i
have to mention this because we're
talking about all these lies are just
hammering us this world of lies that
we're living in this pakistani fashion
model Qandil Baloche i think her name is
she offended muslims by posing with a
cleric on social media and she's a sexy
babe so her brother as you do killed her
strangled her to death right because it
was like he s offended she offended his
honor or something like this so the
Washington Post runs that this the
headline and the USA Today picked it up
but later changed it pakistani model
killed after offending conservatives so
so be on the lookout for Ted Cruz
because like I the guy I'll just kill
you you know I felt like well thank God
you know she only offended conservatives
and she didn't offend a truck because
that would have really been then she
really those trucks are really terrible
they're so all right so all lies then we
have the coup in Turkey next thing that
happens on the Clavin this weekend this
is missed it I'm going to just have to
stay here I'm telling you this is like a
terrible I can't go home and the reason
is is because the intellectual
dishonesty stops here that's that's why
we get for good days and then everything
falls about alright so to a coup in
Turkey which is a disaster I mean this
is an unmitigated disaster the military
it's kind of weird because the military
used to be the guarantor of
non-religious government of secular
government in turkey and air doyan the
primary president I guess is has slowly
been moving turkey toward Islamist
government and the military seemed to
stage a coup but the thing is while
they're doyens been doing this he's kind
of been replacing the people in the
military so the military is not that big
of a bastion of secular government
either anyway the thing went terribly
wrong they didn't secure the
communication systems or Doyon was out
of the country but he came back in he
called for people to take to the streets
and of course who took to the streets
the Islamist they took to the streets
and they stood up in the military
retreated hundreds of people killed
thousand I think he executed thousands
of people he's calling for a
radical cleric who's against him to be
extradited from the US Obama just looked
like a deer caught in the headlights
because of course we need turkey you
know turkey is an 80 now and we need we
have an Air Force Base there and we're
using them to coordinate attacks and
hopefully to stem some of the
immigration crisis that Obama has helped
cause by not taking care of business in
the Middle East and there's even a
theory I mean now the danger of course
is that the country is going to go full
Islamist and as a reaction to this he's
going to kill out kill everybody who
stood against him and then really turn
this country into yet another Islamist
nation in the Middle East which would
really put since it's the only make
majority Islamic country that isn't a
nightmare you know it's it's going it
would really be terrible there's even a
theory going around that this that the
coup was staged that he staged the coup
in order to have a reaction to it clara
berlinski who I know from the Manhattan
Institute is an excellent reporter lived
in Istanbul for many years really she
says that she feels this instant is
insane she says the theory that a Doyon
stage this himself is insane even if a
number of my friends suspect so many
real people have died were they all
actors how did he persuade so many
people to sign up for a suicide mission
in service of this theater what's pretty
clear is that he'll be the beneficiary
however and this will give him cover to
persecute any opposition remaining that
pass a new constitution arrogating all
power to himself the important thing to
me is this little passage from the wall
street journal's report the coup attempt
caps a month of major global
developments terrorist attacks from
Turkey and Bangladesh to France and the
u.s. moves by Russia and China to
reassert power in China is doing this in
the China Sea where you know our Navy
you know one of the things that was a
guarantor of American power for the next
century was our Navy you know and Obama
has so weakened our Navy that now China
feels it can sort of reassert its
control of the China Sea which no one
believes they have should have any
control over there's been more saber
rattling from North Korea the dynamic
unfolds as mr. Obama de emphasizes the
role of the US military in global hot
spots so here is Richard Haass President
of the Council on Foreign Relations he
says what we have is a world that's on
traveling and the United States still
the most important country in the world
that's retrenching it's a toxic
combination centrifugal forces are much
stronger right now than anything trying
to move toward balance Mike Pence got
this right you know Mike Pence obviously
the Donald Trump's selection as vice
president made speech to announce this
selection I thought it was a really good
speech so listen to this part elections
are about choices elections are about
choices and I also join this ticket
because the choice could not be more
clear the stakes could not be higher
Americans can choose a leader who will
fight to make America safe and
prosperous again and bring real change
or we can elect someone who literally
personifies the failed establishment in
Washington DC seven and a half years of
Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton's
policies have weakened America's place
in the world and stifled our nation's
economy terrorist attacks at home and
abroad the grim and heartbreaking scenes
from France just a few short days ago
the attempted coup in Turkey all attest
to a world spinning apart history
teaches us that weakness arouses evil
Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama's
foreign policy of leading from behind
moving red lines feigning resets with a
resurgent Russia and the rise of Isis is
a testament to this truth of history and
we must bring a change to America's
stand in the world
we cannot have four more years
apologizing to our enemies and
abandoning our friends America needs to
be strong for the world to be safe on
the world stage Donald Trump will lead
from strength he will rebuild the
arsenal of democracy stand with our
allies and hunt down and destroy the
enemies of our freedom good speech funny
choice I have to say goodbye to the
folks at Facebook coming to the daily
wire here the rest of the show just gets
better just husband is a strange choice
pence in a way I mean the idea i guess
was he was safe donald is such a such a
loose cannon that pence was going to
make him you know look more substantial
and conservative Pence is a conservative
a lot of conservatives got angry at him
because of the gay bill in Indiana
passed a bill basically protecting
people who have religious objections to
gay marriage I think that that's a
necessary bill even though I feel
everybody should do whatever he wants
that also means that people who don't
want to cater you know a gay wedding
shouldn't have to do it that people
should be able to express their
consciences but he backed down on that
when business got on you know got on his
back however basically he's done a good
job in Indiana he's for free as
conservative he's for free trade he's
anti-abortion he believes in a strong
American presence presence in the world
everything the Donald Trump doesn't
understand that's the only reason he's a
strange choice because he's a
conservative but Trump isn't alright but
he he points out he points out the
connection there is a connection between
these things happening in the world and
the things happening on the streets of
America against our cops the idea is
that the peacekeepers are to blame the
peacekeepers are to blame for those who
break the peace the bad guys aren't to
blame the Muslims you know you've we've
heard this again and again that Muslims
they're just reacting to our xenophobia
the fact that we haven't done anything
for their economy the fact that we've
been mean to them you know that's all
that's the only reason the Muslims are
protesting and the the blacks and the
black thugs let's not call him the
blacks because this has infuriates me
that the thugs you know among
african-americans are identified with in
a race with people instead of the guys
the Dallas police chief were American
heroes in fact to me I don't understand
why he doesn't represent that particular
race but the thugs in these
neighborhoods are not to blame it's not
their fault that's you know it's the
fault of poverty is the fault that you
know gee officer Krupke they're just
misunderstood you know but the cops who
police those areas are to blame it's the
same lie and so now we have another cop
killer in Baton Rouge he's a he's from
that you know Muslim what's it called
them not the Muslim Brotherhood the
black Muslims the Nation of Islam Nation
of Islam a lot of Nation of Islam people
were in the Obama administration we
remember so this this whole thing
Heather McDonald is the person she heard
book now Warren cops is a major
bestseller I hate calling things in New
York Times bestseller is if that's
somehow a special honor you know they
jigger that bestseller list so badly
that it's really not very honest but but
it is on the New York Times list war on
cops really it's the book of the decade
it's really the important book that's
out she just comes out and she just
tells it that the entire Obama narrative
about this has been untrue but over the
last decade it turns out that an
officer's chance of getting killed by a
black has been 18 point five times
higher than the chance of an unarmed
black getting killed by a police officer
now I don't know what will end the
current frenzy against the police
Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders are
continuing President Obama's race-based
calumnies against the criminal justice
system arguing that the criminal justice
system is shot through with bias and
that it treats similarly situation
whites and blacks differently this claim
is false and dangerous criminologists
have spent decades trying to come up
with evidence of racial bias in the
criminal justice system and the honest
ones have been forced to acknowledge
time and again that the
over-representation of blacks in prison
is due to their elevated crime rates not
to any discrimination on the part of
officers prosecutors judges or juries
but Obama is sticking
to his narrative he comes up after this
the three comps killed by a madman in
and more injured in Baton Rouge Obama
comes out and he says there are
legitimate issues that have been raised
there's so I don't mean to laugh but
it's like you know that lies just they
never saw and this is Obama speaking and
there's data and evidence to back up the
concerns that are being expressed by the
black lives matter protesters and if
police organizations and departments
acknowledge that there's a problem and
there's an issue then that too is going
to contribute two real solutions and as
I said yesterday that is what's going to
ultimately help make the job of being
cop a lot safer if they'll just admit
that they're bigots if they'll just
admit that what is an untrue is true if
they'll just pick up the invisible
tennis ball and admit that Obama's
reality is reality then all this will go
away it is just you know Heather wrote a
piece today in this in city journal
called the fire spreads and she ends by
saying Obama should call for the black
lives matter movement to fold its tenth
and he himself should start telling the
truth about inner-city crime well that's
obviously not going to happen and watch
this okay Don Lemon reliable left-wing
newsman for CNN is talking to sheriff
don clark the sheriff of milwaukee
county and this is the this is you gotta
watch this the end because this
personifies exemplifies the left
attitude to the truth watch this lemon
tries to convince Clark that the other
side is calling for togetherness and
love and Clark just blows up on my
message has been clear from day one two
years ago this anti-cop sentiment from
this hateful ideology called black lives
matter has fuel this range against the
American police officer I predicted this
two years ago so when I what am I I
wanna okay sheriff do I want to know due
respect do you know that this was
because of that yes I do a law
enforcement office I've been watching
this for two years I predicted this Liz
anti-police rhetoric sweeping the
country
has turned out some hateful things
inside of people that are not playing
themselves out on the American police
officer I want to know with all of the
black on black violence in the United
States of America by the way when the
tragedies happen in Louisiana and
Minnesota you know that 21 black people
were murdered across the United
statement with it was there any
reporting on the like officer who was
killed today but like let's was there
any reporting out there please let's
just keep let's just keep divine gun so
I understand and I listen I got a good
and sweet dead cop this we're and I look
at as five lancer you try to tell me to
keep it down please she was just please
we can keep it simple so kiss would omit
the message to people at home I'm sure
you want is one of Seville I wish that I
wish you meant it and that's the
toughest billingham a conversing with
this you hateful ideology these
purveyors of what my message is that may
seem to you is these we came let me
bring a guy a word and virtue will be
when the name wanna go to beat and we'll
be right back that's what Don Lemon
always does when he's confronted with
the truth will go to break we'll go to
break we'll go to a commercial I'm gonna
come back to that in a minute but that I
i just want to point out by the way that
I've noticed on the streets and I and
other people have noticed this too that
black people and white people regular
people normal people are going out of
their way to be really nice to one
another as anybody else knows you know I
I hike in the canyons here and there's
everybody's there and some of these you
know kind of ripped young guys some of
them black some of them right they're
always teasing me because I'm an old guy
and I go buzzing up these hills because
I'm trying to stay alive for another few
years hey they're always there I always
say I see you daddy I always laugh about
this because they look intimated I see
you that well I see you too and I see
that you don't want this I see that the
people don't want this the people don't
want what's being sold to them this
anger this hatred it's past this is Pat
this is the past they're selling us the
past I want to go back to the past when
they had an argument for their power and
I see that the people on the street
don't want this and they're being nice
to each other there's there's so much
great stuff going on in America the
government is the problem the people are
not the problem now let me just read to
you I have to read to you after talking
about all this timothy egan in the New
York Times and The
beds from the New York Times on Barack
Obama okay because I just want you to
know that the clouds of illusion and
self-deception are not being blown away
by this I mean we are it we this is it
we are an island island honesty right
here at the daily wire because this is
timothy egan in the New York Times a
former newspaper all right speaking of
Obama we always knew he could keep his
head when others were losing theirs and
blaming him knew it from the 2008
financial crisis on to the hard lasting
words he spoke at Tuesday's memorial for
the slain police officers in Dallas what
we didn't know it could not be predicted
of one so young and new to the
impossible task of living round the
clock under the glare of the entire
world was how Barack Obama would hold up
as a father a husband a man no matter
what you think of Obama the executive
branch it's hard to argue that Obama the
human being has been anything less than
a model of class and dignity if as was
often said about black pioneers and
sports you had to be twice as good to
succeed Obama's personal behavior has
set a standard few presidents have ever
reached so just so you know a little
beat the beat you know we're living in
the truman show we are living in the
truman show do you remember the true so
Jim Carrey and Ed Harris as the artist
and the Jim Carrey is living in a fake
world they put them in a fake world to
make him into a TV show and the way they
keep him this is going to be the stuff I
like I'm gonna get rid of the other
stuff and just keep the truman show as
stuff i like a great comedy it really is
a great comic movement and Ed Harris
plays this artist to his range Truman's
life and how do they keep Truman in this
fake world they scare him they tell him
that everything he does will hurt him
every you know if he goes over the
bridge it's going to hurt him if he
leaves the town it's going to hurt him
if he goes on vacation is going to hurt
him they inspire in him fear and
whenever he starts to talk about
something that's important to him they
distract him with stuff they because
they have commercials that are implanted
in the show so they go so like Don Lemon
they cut to the commercial you know you
got to drink this kind of cocoa you
gotta drink this guy and you know just
just to end with a little good news here
i just want to remind you the reason I
going back to brexit is because the
britons basically did what Truman does
is they left they said the hell with the
fear to hell with the panic cuz it's all
about climate change if you don't if you
don't do what we say on energy policy
the world is going to be destroyed
climate change is going to destroy the
world if you don't do what we say on
economics you know if you don't stay
with the euro with the European Union
the economy is going to fall apart so
Britain has left the European Union
orders decided to put that into
operation and they've got this new
Theresa May the new prime minister and
the first thing she does if she abolish
is the Department of Energy and Climate
Change people went nuts I know I know
it's like it's like I love you Teresa
main gym so this was called plain stupid
and deeply worrying and terrible by
politicians campaigners and experts and
we all know that experts know so much
one of Theresa May's first access prime
minister was to move responsibility for
climate change to a new department for
business energy and industrial strategy
in other words she wants business to
have some say and how energy is used
because businesses of people who use the
energy government advisers had warned of
the need of me hot Monday get this
government advisers had warned of the
need to take urgent action to prepare
the UK for floods droughts heat waves
and food shortages caused by climate
change and Theresa May's answers click
turn off the department this is the
truman show we are living in the truman
show and here is truman the scene at the
end of the movie where Truman has to
decide whether to go out and this artist
played by Ed Harris who has been running
his life tries to convince him that he's
better off as he is that the outside
world is no better than this little
bubble he's living listen to me truly
there's no more truth out there
then there is in the world I created for
you same lies
you soon deceit but in my world
you have nothing to fear
I know you better than you know yourself
never had to get ran my head afraid
that's why you came that's what they're
telling us all the time you remember the
life of Julia you know Julia that was
the bomb akkam pain thing for women
we're gonna take care of you at every
moment under President Obama every page
start with under President Barack Obama
you know this will be taken care of for
you this will you know you won't have to
you don't have to have a husband you
don't have to have a family you don't
have to have a church you just need
Obama this is the life we are living in
The Truman Show let me end with one more
piece of good news remember we were
talking about the Nash D'Souza's new
film Hillary's America here is from The
Hollywood Reporter conservative
filmmaker dinesh d'souza has struck
again his latest offering Hillary's
America the secret history of the
Democratic Party scored the top theater
average of the year so far for a
political documentary earning an
estimated seventy seven thousand five
hundred dollars over the weekend from
three cinemas for an average of twenty
5833 so it's opening small and then
it'll open wide next weekend i believe
so please go out and see it the more
people go out and see it the more
theaters dinesh gets and the more he can
spread the word you know we are the
opposition folks we are the last redoubt
so you know if you give up if you give
up we're done you know if you give up
we're done we are still the only people
we're speaking the truth and the truth
will set us free I'm Andrew Clavin this
is the Andrew Clavin show and we'll do
it again tomorrow
