in 2014 New York Mayor Bill DeBlasio
ripped the NYPD after the death of Eric
garner who was subjected to a submission
hold by the police during an arrest for
selling loose cigarettes and then died
of a heart attack
de Blasio if you remember went on
national TV and he said quote what
parents have done for decades who have
children of color especially young men
of color he's trained them to be very
careful when they have an encounter with
a police officer
he then said he told his own son who's
black about the supposed racism of the
police said quote with Dante very early
on we said look if a police officer
stops you do everything he tells you to
do
don't move suddenly don't reach for your
cell phone because we knew sadly there's
a greater chance it might be
misinterpreted if it was a young man of
color it's different for a white child
that's just the reality in this country
that isn't actually the reality in this
country by the way a New York study in
New York Times piece today quotes a
study saying that black people are
significantly less likely to be shot by
cops than white people in similar
circumstances twenty percent less likely
actually but those lies matter days
after de Blasio made his statements to
NYPD officers wenjian liu and rafael
ramos were murdered in cold blood by
black criminal ismail Brinsley who
pledged to put quote wings on pigs when
de Blasio attended the funeral for Ramos
hundreds of officers openly turned their
backs on him de Blasio wasn't
responsible for the officers deaths but
he was certainly responsible for
slandering them before their murders in
Dallas officers should do the same to
Obama Obama is supposed to stop by
tomorrow and give the eulogy for five
officers from murdered last week Obama
is not responsible for the murder of
Dallas police officers I wrote that last
week but like Bill DeBlasio he is
absolutely responsible for slandering
them before they were murdered hours
before the massacre Obama said the cop
shootings in Louisiana and Minnesota
both of which were under investigation
and about which Obama said he knew
nothing or quote not isolated incidents
they're symptomatic of a broader set of
racial disparities that exist in our
criminal justice system Obama then
reeled off a list of stats designed to
show systemic racism against black
people by cops ignoring of course higher
rates of criminality in the black
community he added quote when incidents
like this occur there's a big chunk of
our fellow citizen ray that feels as if
because of the color of their skin
they're not being treated the same and
that hurts
but that's your trouble all of us but
there are a large number of cops who
feel rightly that because of the color
of the
uniform they aren't treated the same the
president doesn't wait for evidence
before he says they're racists he
doesn't separate off the bad apples from
the rest of the community
he simply talks about institutional
racism and provides no solutions and
then he postures for the cameras
after the Dallas massacre Obama is still
pretending that he's bewildered at the
motivation for the shootings he says
quote I think it's very hard to untangle
the motives of the shooter he had no
such problems ascribing motivations to
police officers without any evidence at
all and he's been doing this for years
back in 2014 just before the shootings
of Liu and Ramos Obama condemned the
cops
he said racism was quote something
deeply rooted in our society it's deeply
rooted in our history there's a reason
that the vicious vacuous black lives
matter movement is taken off under Obama
he's incentivized them he's backed them
he supported their evidence free
argument that the criminal justice
system is inherently racist that
movement with Democrat help has
dramatically polarized race relations in
the country and that has a real
predictable effect including less trust
of police in black communities and
greater anger at police departments
police have every right to be angry at
President Obama the president who
slanders them they should show it
instead of allowing President Obama to
use their funerals for the officers he
slandered for his own brand of political
agitprop and ben shapiro this is the ben
shapiro show to demonize people don't
care about your feelings all right so
here we are it was a terrible weekend
all the way across the board it was used
an awful weekend obviously we've seen a
spate of shootings and attacks on cops
in about 15 minutes Dinesh D'Souza who's
the the director and producer of
Hillary's America is going to be
stopping by that movie comes out just
before the Republican conventions will
be talking with DES Nash about about
Hillary about the convention about all
this stuff and we can't wait for that so
we'll be about 10 minutes here so stick
around for that were doing an extra
special long version of Facebook live
today so congratulations to you because
you're the lucky ones but let's start
off with the situation in in Dallas so
over the weekend on Friday or Thursday
night eleven cops get shot five were
killed at by this by this black
terrorist essentially who says that he's
doing it in revenge for the killings of
Elton it was a Allison sterling and in
in in Louisiana and in falando Castile
in Minnesota now we played the
tapes of those on the show last week and
as we said the evidence just wasn't out
I mean neither case you actually know
what happened in one case a shameful
Annika Steele's case there are new facts
coming out suggesting that when the
police officer pulled them over he
pulled them over not for a broken
taillight but he pulled them over rather
because he thought that falando Casteel
was a it was a was an armed robbery
suspect actually but which changes the
scenario because you're gonna go in a
little bit more geared up to to get
violence if things go wrong if you're
pulling over an armed robbery suspect as
opposed to a broken taillight but
putting all that aside 11 cops get shot
and President Obama
all of a sudden president's moment
doesn't know why this is happening he
can't understand why any of this is
happening so I want to start with the
lead-up because the timeline here really
matters the timeline here really matters
so let's start with President Obama
this is last Thursday and he says no you
know that the shootings of kung-fu
Annika Steele and and Alton Alton
Stirling these shootings are not these
aren't isolated incidents there's
nothing new about this here's President
Obama last Thursday morning but what I
can say is that all of us as Americans
should be troubled by these shootings
because these are not isolated incidents
they're symptomatic of a broader set of
racial disparities that exist in our
criminal justice system okay so first of
all that's not true right it's not true
these are isolated incidents you know I
can tell these are isolated incidents
because I know all their names and all
their names you know that when there's a
scandal in the IRS to target all of the
various conservatives group of various
conservative groups can you name the
names of the groups that were targeted
you can rank is there hundreds of them
when you talk about wrong police
shootings controversial police shootings
you can name them off I can too right
you can talk about Walter sky you can
talk about Tamir rice you can talk about
Elton Sterling you can talk about flan
de Castille you can talk about Freddie
gray right we know all the names even in
situations where the cops didn't do
anything wrong because they get blown up
by the media into these massive stories
but the reality is that there is no
great spate of innocent black people
being shot by the cops it just doesn't
exist it is made up okay this New York
Times study today
says so it says openly they call it
surprising it's only surprising for
people who are idiots or have a
political agenda it's not surprising at
all that there's no great spate of black
people being shot who are innocent by
the police just like there's no great
spate of wrongfully arrested black
people going to prison in the United
States
black people are going to the prison in
precisely the numbers that black people
are committing crimes in the United
States
crime reports not arrests crime reports
line up directly with convictions almost
and this has been true for thirty years
in this country and there's no bias in
crime reports it's the person who's the
victim of the crime calling it in but
the left doesn't want to say anything
about that because then the left would
actually be forced to come up with
actual solutions so President Obama says
that right he says that the cops it's a
it's a widespread systemic problem I
would argue there's a bigger problem
with black people committing crimes and
then getting into confrontation with
cops the fact is that if you are a cop
the average cop is 18 times more likely
to be shot by a black man than a black
man is likely to be shot by a cop in the
United States and President Obama
doesn't care about actual statistics
that matter he just throws out
statistics like they're more black
people than white people in prison on a
proportionate level which is irrelevant
the question is what level of crime is
being committed but he goes out there he
says there's a systemic problem I don't
know anything about these cases I love
that when he says I don't know anything
about these particular cases but I can
tell you everybody's a racist I don't
know but everyone's racist so he does
that routine hours later eleven cops get
shot eleven of them right in the in the
biggest assault on cops since 9/11
seriously this is the single greatest
cop death incident since 9/11 in the
United States and then the president
comes out and suddenly cops are heroes
suddenly cops are wonderful people here
is President Obama on Friday he comes
out the next morning and not only are
the cops wonderful people but he can
understand that you know he actually
knows the real reason behind the
shooting the real reason wasn't
anti-white anti-cop bigotry no the real
reason was something else
here's President Obama Friday morning I
also said yesterday that our police have
an extraordinarily difficult job
and the vast majority of them do their
job in outstanding fashion I also
indicated the degree to which we need to
be supportive of those officers who do
their job each and every day protecting
us and protecting our communities today
is a wrenching reminder of the
sacrifices that they make for us okay so
suddenly the cops are the heroes right
the vast majority of cops are wonderful
remember his original statement was the
vast majority of cops are wonderful but
and you know one of the rules here on
the bench Shapiro show if you say but
everything that came before the but
doesn't matter he says the vast majority
of cops are wonderful but there's a
systemic racism problem well you can't
have it both ways either the vast
majority are wonderful and there's no no
systemic problem or there's a systemic
problem and that means that you can't
trust the cops really because that
systemic problem has to exist somewhere
unless there's some sort of subgroup of
every Police Department some rogue cops
in every Police Department who are
organizing on their own the idea is that
it's a top-down problem right if it's
top-down problem you can't say all the
cops are gray but he now all the cops
are his best friends and not only are
the cops his best friends but the real
reason behind the shooting in Dallas had
nothing to do with anti cop bigotry it
didn't have to do with racial
polarization helped along by this
president in 2010 only 13 I think it was
only 13% 13% of Americans considered
race relations to be a serious problem
in the country by April 2016 it was 35
percent that's because of President
Obama and his rhetoric not because
anything on the ground has changed
there's been less deaths on the ground
every year up to 2014 when Obama's
rhetoric started to take hold when the
Ferguson movement started to take place
when black lives matter came around and
crime started to rise crime both against
cops and generally but President Obama
knows the real reason behind the Dallas
shootings the real reason is you guessed
it gun control yes lack of gun control
see the guy had a gun that was the real
problem we also know that when people
are armed with powerful weapons
unfortunately it makes attacks like
these more deadly and more tragic and in
the days ahead we're gonna have to
consider those realities as well okay so
just to be straight here when a white
guy shoots up a black church in
Charleston South Carolina that's the
fault of the Confederate flag and
Christian conservatives when an Orlando
jihadist shoots up a gay nightclub
that's the fault of guns and white
Christian conservatives when Gabby
Giffords gets shot that Sarah Palin's
fault
and also the fault of guns when a
Planned Parenthood is targeted in
Colorado by a crazy person that's the
fault of the pro-life movement but it's
never the fault it's never the fault of
the guy who is out there shooting at
cops when you when you push anti-cop
rhetoric that's never then it's the gun
again it's amazing how this works isn't
it it's it's just it's so curious just
like if there are rogue cops if they're
cops who do bad things they're not bad
apples they're evidence of a systemic
problem but if a guy who sympathized
with black lives matter goes out and
shoots a bunch of people that has
nothing to do with the black lives
matter movement you noticing the double
standard here here's my view the black
lives matter movement is not responsible
for this guy shooting cops they're
responsible for an increase in
confrontations with cops they're
responsible for an increase in crime
they're responsible for cops pulling out
of inner cities they're responsible for
all those things but they're not
responsible for that violence because
unless you're actively promoting
violence you're not responsible for the
violence that doesn't mean you're not
doing anything wrong however and
President Obama has done something
deeply wrong he slanders cops on a daily
basis he's literally been doing it for
years and he's not the only one
Minnesota governor Mark Dayton did the
exact same thing he doesn't wait for the
facts to come in on falando Casteel this
this story in Minnesota he doesn't wait
for any of that to come in he
immediately declares that a falando
Casteel had been white he would still be
alive today the governor went a step
further would this have happened if
those are passengers the driver the
person were white I don't think it would
have okay well thank you for that
wonderfully ill-informed opinion and
governor Dayton that's that that that
was definitely useful even the the head
of the Department of Homeland Security
jeh Johnson even he came out and he said
it's totally premature to say anything
about that shooting we don't know
anything yet
do you agree Johnson with what governor
Dayton in Minnesota said that if falando
Castille had been white he'd be alive
today
I'm not I'm not in a position to comment
on that that matter is under
investigation
very often situations like this are
pretty complicated and so I want to
resist labels like that that may be
premature I think we ought to let the
investigation play itself out there
ought to be something that's that's
fairly Swift transparent and if
necessary accountability what's awkward
that's awkward but here's the thing
the only thing that's actually gonna
help is more evidence not less more cops
not fewer that's the only thing that's
going to be a solution here but the left
isn't interested in solutions the left
is interested in posturing and premium
posing about the racism of the system
ask yourself this what's their solution
have you heard any solutions from them
all they keep saying is if you don't
recognize the plight of black people
you're a part of the problem okay but
you have to give me a solution to the
problem in order for me to be part of
the solution so I guess the solution is
that we're supposed to sit around and
talk about our feelings is that the
solution because that's all I get from
these folks is if you don't if you don't
recognize our feelings then you're part
of the problem we're going to talk about
the whole feelings aspect of this in a
minute in a little while because the
fact is I think that Republicans and
Democrats are now we're all part of this
feeling society where facts don't matter
at all as you know I don't care about
feelings hardly at all if you're not a
member of my immediate family I really
don't care about your feelings I have
very little interest in your feelings
you're not my wife you're not my
children I don't care like I don't know
you have family of your own that's what
they're for
my job is to tell you the truth
regardless of what your feelings are and
I know it sounds harsh but the problem
is when you have politicians who claim
that they care about your feelings they
don't care about your feelings they're
lying to you but they're really saying
is we're gonna play to your feelings so
we don't have to do the things for you
we're supposed to do we don't have to
change the facts on the ground all we
have to do is scream about racism and
continue to maintain that the inner city
should be crap for the next 50 years as
they have been for the last 50 years
all these Democrats out there screaming
about racism Obama screaming about has
like gotten better for black people
under President Obama of course not of
course not violence is going up not down
and there's President Obama saying the
real problem is in him it's the white
folks who refuse to acknowledge the the
genius of his rhetoric we're gonna stop
there right now we're going to bring in
to Nestor de Souza he's got a new movie
out the Hillary's
America and and he is obviously the the
producer director of 2016 Obama's
America and and the multiple New York
Times bestselling author and n Dinesh is
is one of the geniuses of the movement
and I think the best analyst of the
Obama era so now I guess he'll be the
best analyst of the Hillary era too
because as you know I'm a pessimist on
everything which means that I'm always
right eventually and so I think that
Hillary Clinton will probably be the
next president which makes me want to
vomit and never stop vomiting but then
that also means that Dinesh is going to
be vital in extra in sort of exposing
what the Hillary ear is all about so
Dinesh thanks so much for coming on
really appreciate it it's good to be
here yeah absolutely and to all the
people who are watching on Facebook live
Dinesh D'Souza obviously okay so let's
talk about Hillary's America so that's
it this comes out July 22nd do you think
that you obviously analyze President
Obama through the through the
perspective of his anti-colonialist
anti-imperialist background which is a
deeply ideologically rooted backgrounds
do you think that Hillary is an
ideological animal or she just driven
for her own self-aggrandizement or both
i I think that Hillary is driven by a
kind of gangsterism and by that I mean
self aggrandizement and not just in
terms of money but power and control
this is a woman who would enjoy having a
kind of mob boss rule over the United
States now there's the gangsterism as
you know in Obama but it's different I
think with Obama it's a gangsterism of
means so Obama has ideological goals
shrink America's wealth and power he's
willing to skirt around the law the
immigration law the Defense of Marriage
Act to welfare reform even Obama care
selectively implemented those are that's
the gangsterism of means but I think
with Hillary you have a gangsterism
Amin's end of ends that makes her
different okay so does that mean that
she's gonna be better or worse in terms
of America because you know Obama in my
opinion is the worst president in the
history of the country the only one who
even comes close to James Buchanan if
that's true do you think it's better
that she's non ideologically gangster
ish I mean if she's if she's only out
for herself
then presumably she's caught maybe we
can pay her off or something well this
is you know Plutarch has an essay on
flattery and he actually talks about
well how you can use flattery with the
tyrant who to basically make him
feel good about himself in tempore his
appetites look I think that would work
with Bill Clinton if you look at Bill
and Hillary they're both gangster ish
and they've been gangsters together sort
of Bonnie and Clyde if you will but but
in this case Bonnie mainly bill has a
more circumscribed set of ambitions is
more limited if you if you count out a
bill if you give him the biggest office
if you if you give him women to service
him and so on he's happy that's it
that's all he wants Hillary is not like
that Hillary's ambitions I think are
much more totalitarian if I may put use
that word more tyrannical she actually
enjoys sort of having other people under
her thumb she's not content with the
kind of normal human satisfactions that
say bill would be she has a totally
different agenda she's scarier in my
view than even Obama oh really okay so
what do you think this Springs from and
the this sort of totalitarian ambition
of Hillary Clinton's is this corruption
well here's an interesting thing we you
know there's when we talk about Alinsky
now olinsky's a sort of interesting
mentor of both Obama and Hillary but
Obama never knew alinsky Obama kept
going back to Chicago he kept hearing
about Olinsky but he studied under the
elinsky i'ts
a Hillary Medal in skin high school and
then brought him to Wellesley wrote a
thesis on him
well now elinsky we always talk about
alinsky he was a radical and he was a
leftist but he was also a kind of a
gangster ish guy he was a thief he was a
petty thief on the streets of Chicago
when he was in college he said he
figured out all these rackets for how he
could eat for free and he would hold
seminars on how you could eat for free
and then later he hung out with the 42nd
Street gang and a the Capone gang and
then he said like took all these lessons
about extortion and I applied them to
politics you know now but interestingly
Hillary had a big fight with Olinsky and
Olinsky told Hillary basically Hillary
you got to join me from the outside we
will push push push and get power and
Hillary told Alinsky no Alinsky or wrong
we will take over the government use the
apparatus of government to push from the
inside so this is I think where
Hillary's going now Hillary got a whiff
of this as Secretary of State where she
took the kind of local level corruption
that were used to Tammany Hall on the
daily racket in Chicago and took it to
the level of renting out American
foreign policy I mean who's done that
before nobody but even that is one step
short of being in the
Whitehouse when you basically have
innumerable SWAT teams at your disposal
you have an unbelievable military
apparatus of power that you can deploy
in this case against your own citizens
it's it's call most terrifying to
contemplate so what do you think her
priorities are gonna be as as president
I mean we talk about personal self
aggrandizement but she she obviously has
political priorities too I mean she's
not that there have been demagogues from
the right you know that presumably
she'll be a demagogue from the lesson
where were her top priorities do you
think well I think she's gonna and I
think Obama sees this I mean there was
no love lost between the Clintons and
Obama so I think Obama decide at the end
of the day you know sort of Hillary is
my sort of successor Godfather if you're
gonna have the Godfather ceremony it's
got to be Hillary can't be Biden it's
not gonna be you know Bernie Sanders rip
van winkle who just got off his
neighbor's couch after 20 or now you
know is it's gonna have to be someone as
toughest in you know Hillary's tenacious
she's nothing if not tenacious this was
a woman who would like gold puts her
head down and marches and you have to
bludgeon her to the ground and sit on
her the way she's gonna keep going and
Obama sees that and he goes you know
that's that's what I want so I think for
Hill for Obama ideology is the goal
Hillary likes the ideology because the
ideology supplies her with the power in
other words of the degree that
government has control over the
education industry the healthcare
industry the energy industry that allows
Hillary to tell everybody what to do
right so it's a vehicle for her
basically right okay so that so that
being the case let's assume that Hillary
wins is there anyone who can even stop
her at that point because the executive
branch had become so incredibly powerful
over the course the last hundred years
can Congress do anything to stop her if
she's if she's the President of the
United States and and if not what I'm
seeing and what I'm you know going into
into a little bit of Nostradamus mode
what I'm seeing here is is States
beginning to resist the federal
government and the real possibility of
things getting very ugly in this country
pretty quickly I mean we might be
talking about the you know the case for
peaceful secession we may be talk
look here's the thing it is there are
times when there are incidents in
American politics that wake people up
before the Civil War was John Brown not
just John Brown now you know the keening
of by Preston Brooks of Sumner on you
know in his in a Senate floor this is
dist old and North the
that you couldn't deal with the sow that
things were out of hand and that's and
that you had to go to sterner measures
these Republicans have been so you know
sluggish and lethargic and and and
Hillary is meanwhile emboldened I mean
every time she beats the posse so to
speak and this latest vindication the
FBI she's like I did it again you know
right
so it's licenses are an intelligent I
can get away with anything
and so this is a woman now empowered and
Unleashed I think in a way that we need
to take notice off so Hillary's America
is the name of the movie and it's not
just about Hillary it's also about the
Democratic Party and it's rather
nefarious history so how deeply do you
delve into the history of the Democratic
Party why do you think it matters what
Andrew Jackson did to what's happening
170 years later it's ticketing picked
that example because I think it's
illuminating so Andrew Jackson now
Andrew Jackson there's a big debate
about Andrew Jackson and his patriotism
and so on and maybe should he be on the
$20 bill here's something interesting
well Jackson was conducting his sort of
wars with the int with the American
Indians as a whole side of Jackson that
is that is not well known and Jackson
basically would would send in his own
surveyors because he knew I'm gonna be
vacating all these acres of Indian land
and they he'd say go survey the land and
determine its value come tell me they'd
come tell him and then he'd go to
investors and say guys this land is
gonna be put up for sale in three months
let's be first in there and put in our
bids and so Jackson went basically from
dead broke to be having one of the
richest men in the United States having
a huge plantation he had 150 slaves and
how did he afford that he did that
because he got rich off of politics so
but here's my point there's a straight
line to be traced from and this land
stealing policies of Andrew Jackson
write to the Clinton Foundation in a
sense the modus operandi is not that
different do you think there's any
optimism for the hope for the future of
the country when people like this are
being elected I mean we've had eight
years of Obama the polls right now show
that that Hillary is beating Trump in
virtually every poll except for a
s'mizza if is there any hope for a
comeback here or are people too
dependent on a government this corrupt
and this bloated
you know I don't know the answer to that
I mean the reason as you know I have
been a writer and speaker most of my
career but a think-tank guy at AEI and
the Hoover Institution the reason I'm
going to make it movies is I feel like
this is a way to reach people
not just reach more people but reach
people not just through the head but
through the heart you you are little
harsh on feelings that's my shtick
you make up your mind by your feelings
and your and intellect reinforcing each
other and a movie can engage your eyes
your ears it sort of pulls all your
senses into it and I believe you can
walk out of a 90-minute film and in a
sense be a little transformed on the
inside now we can get this movie to
conservatives we don't we need to get
the movie to independence and the kind
of people who are on the fence so but
but one way to help us is to go see the
movie early so it's a sort of dirty
secret of movies that if a movie blows
it out and does fantastically
opening-weekend it explodes all over the
country and Hollywood watches it and so
if you're planning to see this film go
opening-weekend because you can put fuel
in our rocket okay so the movie comes
out July 22nd and and obvious that's
right before the convention I well what
do you think is gonna happen and you're
gonna be in Cleveland for the convention
we'll be in Cleveland for the Republican
then we'll be in Philadelphia
the following week that we're hoping the
movie in between the good security right
I mean yeah yeah yes we do although you
know I mean I also feel to me also being
on the front line it's part of the way I
protect myself because if the producer
and merit of Hillary's America
disappears who's the main in any event
before the point is that we're opening
it because the Democrats will put on
this big preposterous narrative that
they've been doing now for generations
we're the party of equal rights and
civil rights and human rights we're the
party of the little guy and minorities
and of course this is a big charade and
so it's great that we're opening this
movie with a counter-narrative running
right alongside their narrative in
fifteen hundred theaters across the
country but hopefully it'll also provide
that counter narratives gonna be very
important because obviously the left is
going to be hell-bent on focusing on
anything and everything that Donald's
from says that the conventions that they
can pick it apart whether it's good or
whether it's bad and so having a
concerted counter-narrative from
somebody who's a good spoke ticket look
spokesperson for conservatism is
definitely going to be worthwhile so
Hillary's America is the name of the
film Attila is America calm it's great
it's Hillary's of America the movie
document of the movie calm okay so you
can check it out there and it should be
and it's going to wide releases you say
1500 theaters across the country in just
about a week and a half so that should
be really really exciting is there gonna
be an accompanying book usually there's
an accompanying book yeah I recognize
public
a book by means same-titled and the book
has chapter and verse I mean people have
seen the movie in previews their jaws
dropping they go is this really all true
and I'm like yes it is true and it's all
very well supported I mean this is a
genius the intellectual genius of the
Democrats as they've taken all the
things they did and blame them on the
south or the Republicans or America
America to this America did that no
America didn't do it you did it if
America did it we still going on but
obviously there were some Americans
that's dominant right so one group of
Americans did these things slavery
segregation Jim Crow the Ku Klux Klan
lynching forced sterilization the in
turn of the Japanese I could go on you
got this huge sorted list of crimes and
the Democratic Party is deeply
implicated in the worst horrors of
American history a story that has simply
left out of our textbooks what do you
think is the through line for the
Democratic Party there because what they
would argue is over repudiated all of
our racism back in the 1960s with it
with the Civil Rights Act and we
repudiated slavery in 1960 based on the
Civil Rights Act and we and we we've
repudiated our various totalitarian
tendencies because we're so tolerant and
open about everybody and everything do
you think there's been any change in the
Democratic Party or what what unifies
the ideology that undergirds all of
those activities well first of all say
two things about that first of all the
if you look at the civil rights
legislation not just a Civil Rights Act
of 64 but the Voting Rights Act of 65
the fair housing will of 68 more
Republicans proportionally voted for
those things than Democrats if the
Democratic Party was the only party in
America there were no Republicans in the
House or the Senate
none of those bills would have passed
the main opposition to all that civil
rights legislation came from Democrats
so those are three significant facts
about the civil rights bill now the
Democrats have in a way changed their
racket they haven't changed who they are
when they've changed the way they go
about things
remarkably what they've done and you
alluded to this a little bit earlier
they have recreated the plantation in
the urban areas not just for blacks by
the way you have true you have ghettos
and Ormond plantations you have
reservations for the Indians you have
ghettos Barrios and slums for immigrants
and Hispanics and all these areas as you
you said earlier there they've been run
by Democrats for
50 years Democratic mayor's Democratic
superintendents Democratic this
Democratic that and and and if you look
at the life over there and then look at
life on the old plantation thing about
it there's a kind of chilling similarity
ramshackle housing high rates of crime
the family structure and disarray
illegitimate II is a way of life
everyone is sort of provided for even in
this slavery if you got sick they call a
doctor but them so everyone is provided
for but nobody gets ahead it's sort of a
school from which no one ever graduates
and the Democrats have it and they have
it under their control and it works for
them politically and so you know in a
way you could even find interesting
similarities between the old John
Calhoun slavery as a positive good
slavery is good to the slave and you
look at the justifications now for the
misery of the inner city for which the
Democrats won't take responsibility
there's a kind of beautiful way in which
all of this comes together and I think
it's gonna get people thinking there's
an intellectual content of this movie
that's gonna be arresting so as we say
tillery's America it's coming out July
22nd you should take not only your
family and friends you try and find
independent and drag them there and if
you can find a Democrat and drag them
there first of all don't be friends
don't but if you're gonna be friends of
Democrats find a Democrat to be friends
with and drag them to see Dinesh's new
film its opening in wide released
fifteen hundred theaters and I'm sure
that it's going to blow out the box
offices the last couple have so Dinesh
thanks so much for stopping by it's
really wonderful to see you my pleasure
I'll see the premiere night hopefully so
look forward there'll be a lot of fun
okay folks so that comes to the end of
our Facebook live here if you want to
watch more go to daily wired.com and
that's where you can subscribe it's you
our podcast you can also download the
rest at iTunes and SoundCloud and we're
going to be talking a lot more about
Dallas very shortly we talked about
Republican response to Dallas and all
the rest so go over to Daley whiter calm
right now you can watch the rest
subscribe and pass eight dollars a month
and and pay our pay our poor miserable
employees who are begging in the
background with ten cans right now it's
sad but but they'll be okay but only if
you pay otherwise we'll just beat them
so that's that's the way this works okay
so back to the the story on Dallas so
it's not just Democrats who have been
trotting out this false narrative about
Dallas is gun control we don't know the
motive we don't know what's behind all
of this
they've been ripping on cops for
generations right cops are racist cops
are terrible cops are awful
and then as soon as something bad
happens to cops oh well no cops were
wonderful we love cops cops are just the
best people on earth they're just
terrific all the way through there
there's this the police chief in Dallas
the Dallas police chief is is kind of an
amazing guy and he spoke to the media
today and he talked about what cops are
asked to do this clip 23 what cops are
asked to do in our society and he makes
his name's David Brown he makes some
points that I think are well worth
making if you can't see him he's black
guy and here's what he says about the
job of cops what we're doing what we're
trying to accomplish here
is above challenging it is we're asking
cops to do too much in this country we
are we just ask you much to do too much
every societal failure we put it off on
the cops assault not enough mental
health funding get the cop hammer not
enough drug addiction fun let's give it
to the cops here in Dallas we've got a
loose dog problem that's had a
conversation with dogs you know schools
failed give it to the cops
70% of that perimeters being raised by
single women let's give it to the cops
to solve that as well that's too much to
ask policing was never meant to solve
all those problems and I just asked for
other parts of our democracy along with
the Free Press to help us to help us and
not put that burden on law enforcement
to resolve okay and that's exactly right
that's exactly right every problem gets
thrust on the cops and then when things
go wrong it's all the cops fault you
overburden the cops and you shouldn't be
surprised when things go dramatically
wrong because it turns out that the cops
are human beings to this new New York
Times study the talks about the rates of
violence that cops use against
particular people they're ignoring a
couple of pertinent facts one is if
you're under policed if you're
understaffed in high crime areas don't
you think that people are gonna be more
aggressive with people they suspect of
having committed crimes with suspects
and think about it this way okay the
Spike Lee call Chicago chiraq right you
made a whole movie called chiraq about
how Chicago is just like a rock okay
think about the soldiers in Iraq when
they go
to a town knowing that that town has
high rates of violence that they're
probably members of the enemy in that
town when we talk about the enemy
domestically we're talking about
criminals when you know there are high
rates of enemy activity in particular
areas do you think that the soldiers in
those situations are going around on
high alert or are they going around just
like they would in the middle of the of
the military base
are they on high alert or they not think
about yourself think you're a cop for a
second or you're a soldier
and you're going into an area where
there's high levels of enemy activity
and someone pops out of the woodwork and
you suspect there's something wrong do
you go over and question them slowly or
are you afraid someone's gonna pop
around the corner are you afraid that
maybe they're lying to you
do you push them up against a wall but
this is the statistics that show
disproportionate amount of kind of
low-level abuse by cops against black
people the idea there using handcuffs
more often or pushing with hands more
often isn't that more a reflection of
the crime in the community as my guess
is that if you did the same study with
regard to high crime areas in West
Virginia you would find that high crime
areas always have more aggressive cop
tactics being used because if you talk
to cops they'll tell you this is how
they they operate of course they're more
aggressive they have to be more
aggressive to survive and come home at
the end of the day and that doesn't mean
that it's always pretty and it doesn't
mean that it's always right but it does
mean that you have to have a little more
sympathy for cops than assuming that
their automated a see a black face as
opposed to they're just in a high crime
area and they're reacting like most
human beings would react in a high crime
area which by the way is why black
officers also do the same sorts of stuff
it's not because of this wall of blue
it's because that's their job that's
your your their job is the same as the
white guy's job in that situation I mean
it's the idea that black people are just
as racist as white people as soon as
they put on that uniform it really this
is really unsustainable stuff but the
amount of pressure on the cops doesn't
let up Jake Tapper he did an interview
with with this police chief and he's
asking him did you really have to shoot
that bad guy did you really have to kill
that bad guy by using a bomb robot did
you really have to do all that it's just
this is the kind of pressure you put on
cops and then you're surprised when
people don't want to be cops or police
or go into dangerous areas what insanity
I want to just ask briefly about the
decision to send in this bomb robot what
you said that you would make the same
decision again as you know it's prompted
a lot of discussion among law
enforcement officials about whether or
not there should be some sort of dis
discussion nationwide about the use of
this type of robot just to ask a
question about this could something else
have been used other than a bomb that
would have killed the shooter obviously
in a situation like that law enforcement
has every right and ability to take out
the shooter any way he can but could for
instance some sort of riot gas been used
instead of something that killed the
gunman I just don't give much quarter to
critics who ask these types of questions
from the comforts and safety away from
the incident you have to be on the
ground and try and determine I've got
former SWAT experienced here in Dallas
and you have to trust your people to
make the calls necessary to save their
lives it's their lives that are at stake
not these critics lives who are in the
comfort of their homes or offices so you
know that's not worth my time to debate
at this point we believe that we save
dies by making this decision and you
know again I appreciate critics but
they're not in on the ground and their
lives are not being put at risk by
debating what tactics are taken I'll
leave that to them and of course that's
exactly true
that's exactly right what he's in the
amount of the amount of pressure that
these cops are under is insane now that
hasn't stopped Republicans from jumping
on the stupid bandwagon because this is
what Republicans do Republicans think
the reason they're losing is because
they're seen as unfeeling I think the
reason Republicans are losing is because
of their pansies that's my general
perspective is that Republicans it's not
they look unfeeling it's that they look
on they look manipulative and they look
weak so Newt Gingrich and Rudy and Marco
Rubio both came over and they started
mirroring over the weekend black lives
matter talking points here's Senator
Marco Rubio who's running for
re-election in Florida now speaking in
the aftermath of both the Dallas
shootings as well as the killings of
falando Casteel and an elton sterling in
in Louisiana here's Rubio took video the
death of Alton sterling and falando
Castillo and then last night we
witnessed the coordinated and cowardly
ambushed
in the assassination of five brave
Dallas police officers those of us who
are not african-american will never
fully understand the experience of being
black in America but we should all
understand why our fellow Americans and
the black community are angry at the
images of an african-american man with
no criminal record who was pulled over
for a busted taillight slumped in his
car seat and dying while his four year
old daughter watches from the backseat
all of us should be troubled by these
images and all of us need to acknowledge
that this is about more than just one or
two recent incidents despite decades of
progress on many fronts millions of our
fellow Americans feel that they are
treated differently because of the color
of their skin and after seeing videos
like the one this week they are scared
but the next time they get pulled over
one wrong move could be the last thing
they do we also need to confront it by
recognizing that our law enforcement
officers are human beings who every day
see and interact with the worst of our
society they deal with tragedy and
violence and criminals along these lines
now praising the cops so first of all
he's so he says what what he said there
that's relevant is he says those of us
who are not african-american will never
fully understand the experience of being
black in America we have to acknowledge
this is about more than just one or two
recent incidents and then he talks about
feelings right then he says black
America black Americans feel is a
reality we cannot and should not ignore
Newt Gingrich says the same thing he
says if you are a normal white American
the truth is you don't understand being
black in America you instinctively
underestimate the level of
discrimination and the level of
additional risk black lives matter would
in fact try to be a corrective which
initially white people reject because
it's not in their worlds and the only
reason that we don't agree with black
lives matter is because we're white
according to Newt Gingrich the whitest
person who ever walked the planet and
Marco Rubio they're saying if we're not
black we can't understand what it's like
to be black I hate this argument the
reason I hate this argument is because
it's the end of politics all right this
is the same argument as you can't talk
about abortion because you're not a
woman or you can't talk about Israel
because you're not a Jew or you can't
talk about any policy because you're not
a member of the subgroup that is most
affected by that policy we can all human
beings I can look at
falando Casteel video and I did last
week and talked about how horrifying
that was and it was a horrifying video I
can talk about how Walter Scott was a
racist incident and looked like a racist
incident from the very beginning I can
talk about all those things right
because I'm a human being and you're a
human being too and you have the
capacity to sympathize with other human
beings you do and you have the capacity
to determine what's good policy but if
we start breaking down into these groups
where did you say I feel discriminated
against and I say well I need to see
evidence of the discrimination and you
say you just don't get it because you're
not black we've now moved beyond the
realm of facts we've moved beyond the
realm of evidence into the realm of
feelings and once we've moved into the
realm of feelings and we don't talk
about whether the feelings are justified
or not all feelings are justified in
this view right if you feel bad we have
to do something about this hey this is
the perspective of a two-year-old I feel
bad therefore you have to do something
about this it's not that I'm wrong to
feel bad it's not that I have to look at
the justification for my feeling and
examine whether I'm right or wrong to
feel bad my feelings are paramount
feelings are the only thing that matters
President Obama says the same thing if
black people feel that there's
discrimination when we have to treat
that as though it's the same as
discrimination except how do you do that
you can't one of the basic rules in life
in any relationship you cannot be
responsible for another person's
feelings all you can do is behave well
you can't be responsible for somebody
else's feelings if you act right and
somebody is offended by that that's not
your responsibility
if you tell truth and somebody feels bad
about that that ain't your problem if I
say to my wife and I'm nice and polite
and I behave well than my wife and she's
in a bad mood anyway it's not my fault I
can try to bring her out of that back
mode of that bad mood cuz I care about
her but it doesn't mean that I've done
something wrong and the implication for
all these people is if there's a wide
group of Americans who feel they're
being victimized by the cops we have to
act as though they're being victimized
by the cops without evidence and about
remember Obama said in that early clip
that we played he didn't know what
happened in these two shootings it
didn't matter because people feel bad
that means that something has to happen
well here's the problem it's a catch-22
now nothing can happen to change
feelings what could happen that could
change feelings why not arrest any black
people anymore even if they commit
crimes presumably that's the solution
since Obama cited all of these racial
statistics showing that their proportion
more blacks than whites in prison what
are we supposed to do just pretend that
blacks aren't committing more murders on
a proportional level than whites 50% of
all murders in the United States are
committed by young black men of all of
them okay that's like 7% of the
population
committing somewhere between 40 and 50
percent of all murders in the society
we're supposed to let everybody go
because it needs to be 7% is that the
solution is the solution that we only
have black cops police black communities
or is that racism and how's that going
to work if you can't recruit enough
black cops because they're sick of being
targeted as Uncle Tom's if they police
their own communities and what happens
then then they blame the police
department for not putting enough cops
in the inner city when they can't
recruit what happens if those black cops
act exactly like the white cops do do
they just claim they've been brought
into this evil white system that's going
to target people here's the truth no one
wants to talk solutions because
solutions are uncomfortable solutions
are testable in the marketplace if you
propose a solution and you try it and it
fails you're held responsible for that
well you're never held responsible for
politically is saying your feelings
matter to me your feelings are justified
Marco Rubio won't lose his job because
he says your feelings are justified he
won't lose his job if he says we need
more cops in the inner-city community
and there are more cops in the
inner-city community and all that
happens is racial conflict goes up right
you proposed a solution now it can be
held responsible Democrats know this and
that's why they propose feelings for the
last 50 years in the inner city instead
of saying you know it solve this less
run-ins with the cops more cops get
married get a job instead of doing that
which would actually be a testable
hypothesis requiring something of their
voters instead they say the reason you
feel bad about your life is because
there's a big bad guy out to get you the
cops there's a big bad guy out to get
you that evil racist American DNA is out
to get you these buzz words get black
people killed you want to know why the
inner cities are poor it's not because
businesses hate black people it's
because businesses don't want to invest
in a place that could get burned down in
three years in a race riot or there's
going to be routinely looted or
routinely robbed
that's why businesses are not moving
into Compton and this is one of the
things that was hilarious when they did
straight out of Compton which was
supposed to be about black liberation
one of the ironic stories there's not a
single movie theater in Compton you
can't even watch it why because no movie
theater in the right mind would open a
theater in Compton because there's too
much crime people would try to bring
into the movie theater people would
would presumably be committing crimes at
the movie theater they didn't open up
theater there cuz it can't sustain it
you want a sustainable community
economically you need to have first a
sustainable community in terms of law
and order you want a sustainable
community in terms of law and order you
need cops in there you want cops in
there you're gonna have to make sure
these stop ripping on the cops every
time they go in for an arrest
you can't label the cops the bad guy and
then expect them to risk their lives on
a regular basis to police petty crime in
bad areas they're not going to do it and
that's why you're seeing crime escalate
over the last two three years Heather
McDonald calls it the Ferguson effect
and she's exactly right it is the effect
of Ferguson but it's more than that it's
an uptick that President Obama has
pushed that has a real consequence she
got Gingrich and Rubio now pushing this
feelings crap to because they think it's
gonna get them elected I have to give
all credit to Rudy Giuliani here Rudy
Giuliani was the former mayor of New
York one of the few guys speaking truth
to power on this particular subject
he obviously implemented stop and frisk
in New York he implemented all these
years of more policing more policing of
low-level crime ensuring that there
isn't ensuring that there isn't a
lawlessness that runs throughout New
York City which by the way is now
returning here's Rudy Giuliani talking
about the black lives matter movement
you said that the black lives matter
movement has put a target on the back of
police officers when members of the
african-american community see videos as
they have this week they feel like there
is a target on young black man explain
your response about how they put a
target on on police officers how that
can match up when people see these
videos well when they look about killing
police officers but they don't when they
think they sure do they sing rap songs
about killing police officers and they
talk about killing police officers and
they yell it out at their rallies and
the police love as's mr. mayor but mr.
mayor what please please let me finish
and when and when you say black lives
matter that's inherently racist well I
think there are lives matter white lives
matter
Asian lives matter Hispanic lives matter
that's anti-american and it's racist
well of course black lives matter and
they matter greatly but when you focus
in on
1% of less than 1% of the murder that's
going on in America and you make it a
national thing and all of you in the
media make it much bigger than the black
kid who's getting killed in Chicago
every 14 hours you create a
disproportion the police fund disbanded
and it puts a target on their back every
cop in America will tell you that if you
ask him and that of course is exactly
right but the media don't care about
that you notice that the media Vinick
weighting the the killings in Louisiana
and Minnesota of these black guys by the
cops they actually equated that with the
guy who is targeting police officers
only one problem there's no evidence
that these guys were targeted right the
police officers were targeted they were
specifically targeted because they were
white cops there's no evidence that
these white cops one wasn't even white
ones a Latino right were that they were
the one in Minnesota's Latino guy that
they were out there and they went out
there that morning I'm gonna kill a
black guy this guy went out there that
morning and thought I'm gonna kill some
white cops I'm gonna go out they're
gonna kill some white cops and in
Tennessee and in Georgia and in Missouri
and in st. Paul where there are a bunch
of black lives matter protesters who as
I say before we're throwing cinder
blocks at the cops one of whom broke his
vertebrae okay so this is moral
equivalence is absolute nonsense facts
and fiction are not the same thing just
cuz you feel the same way about them
they're not and the fact that people
refuse to acknowledge this this is why
we have such a problem in the country
Giuliani continued he says there's
obviously concerned effort to paint our
police officers as brutal and racist
whenever one police officer is killed it
it's like a shot at all of us because
they're the people who protect us
they're the people who put their lives
on the line every day they get dressed
up and they might not come home that
night and you and I get dressed up and
you know they protect us and our
children and our grandchildren and to
lose so many of them at once in a
slaughter like that has to indicate
there's something seriously wrong with
the way we're presenting the police in
the United States there's a concerted
effort to paint our police officers as
brutal and racist and the simple fact is
they are not our police officers are us
they come from us they're people who
protect us and that's exactly right
that's exactly but it doesn't matter the
left is it has an agenda and the agenda
must be pressed forward no matter what I
love that the leftists are trying to
find somebody to blame other than
themselves for these cops being shot
because they know it's a bad story for
them so naturally they're blaming Donald
Trump because there are all purpose
blaming no I think Donald Trump is
terrible as you know but Donald Trump is
not to blame for cops getting shot in
Dallas by an anti white black terrorist
that that has nothing to do with Donald
Trump in fact Donald Trump's statement
on the police shootings is actually
pretty good here's what Donald Trump had
to say about the police shootings the
shooting of the 12 police officers in
Dallas Texas has shaken the soul of our
nation just a few weeks ago I met with
many of the men and women in the Dallas
Police Force during my visit to Texas
they're not just police officers they're
mothers and fathers husbands and wives
sons and daughters and they're all on my
mind today they're on everybody's mind a
brutal attack at our police force is an
attack on our country and an attack on
our families and in solidarity with law
enforcement which we must remember is
the force between civilization and total
chaos every American has the right to
live in safety and peace so he's right
so this is all good this is all good but
it doesn't matter the left is blaming
him anyway the left is going after him
anyway so here is Jesse Jackson blaming
Donald Trump for what happened you have
said that you think Donald Trump at
least in part has contributed to a very
divisive mood in this country you called
part of that an anti black mood I want
to play a little bit of what he said in
response to the shootings and events of
the last few days and then get your
reaction a brutal attack at our police
force is an attack on our country and an
attack on our families
the deaths of all in sterling in
Louisiana and Philander Castillo in
Minnesota also make clear how much more
work we have to do to make every
American feel that their safety is
protected Reverend what do you make of
his remarks
well those significant marks I submit to
you that when you do the birther
movement on the president which is a
Adolphus of a kind of anti-black the
entire Mexican the deportation of 15
million people of families did the
disruption anti-muslim that kind of
rhetoric has helped to see these class I
hope that mr. Trumbull maintained the
level of rhetoric that we just not heard
okay so basically if we had subtitles
what he would be saying is that this
seeded the clouds seeded the clouds for
the sort of attacks that you saw in
Dallas but in what you never see is the
Democrats saying that Hillary Clinton
seeds the clouds for these sort of
attacks so for example here's Hillary
Clinton talking about the real problem
here is that white people just don't
understand black people well enough but
I will certainly take a hard look about
what more we can do because what I'm
interested in is bringing our country
together not deepening the divides and I
want white people to understand how
african-americans feel every day the
anxiety and fear particularly sending
off their children particularly young
men not knowing what's going to happen
to them I want people to put them cells
in the shoes of police officers and
their families who get up every day and
go off and do a very dangerous job you
know we need to start looking at each
other as fellow Americans and we need to
be listening and working together to try
to stem the violence the hatred the
divisive rhetoric and yes I'm gonna do
my best to try to bring that about in my
campaign and then in the White House
working on specific ways to try to shut
up crema to be no more under so you so
you so Hillary Clinton does this routine
now where white people just need to just
need to look more more closely at the
experience of black people how about
this how about this well recognize when
you show us evidence of officers doing
bad things that they should go to
and the bad things should happen when
they do bad things and you recognize
that evidence would be a good baseline
standard of behavior how about that how
about we start with some facts and some
evidence I don't understand why this is
foreign you say facts in evidence and
the left looks at you as though you're a
racist now that's the way this works if
you cite a fact you are a racist if you
say how about some evidence you're a
racist if you don't buy into the
narrative that they're perfect that
they're pushing forward you're a racist
how the conversation has turned from in
the space of a week has turned from two
cases where it's unclear that the shoots
were bad in the first place - we don't
know if the shoots are racist but we're
gonna claim that all the cops are
basically racist - the cops getting shot
- we don't know what happened I mean
what happened here I mean clearly what
should happen is we should have
understood black people better it's
amazing the level of dominance by the
left of the narrative is incredible and
utterly incoherent and destined to get
more black people killed because I
promise you cops are not gonna join the
force they're not going to go into bad
areas they're not gonna police crime
they're gonna think to themselves do I
really feel like losing my career or my
life or my health today based on trying
to help a group of people who the media
say hate me and want to kill me and who
they say make me I make them feel
uncomfortable and then the natural human
response to that by cop by anybody else
would be fine screw it do it yourself
right if you have an option do it
yourself I'm not gonna go in there for a
bunch of people who hate me and try and
save them from themselves I mean that's
their job
but unless people are gonna be taking up
that job especially knowing that their
own police chief's will undermine them
thank God for this Dallas police chief
who's not doing that he's great all
right thing I like and then and then a
couple of things that I hate really
quickly so this week we're gonna do
surprise endings so surprise endings and
movies because hopefully there will be
surprise ending at the Republican
National Convention we don't have to
talk we're out of time to talk too much
about that we'll talk about that I'm
sure tomorrow a little bit more but
there is a movement afoot to stop Trump
at the convention Pitt takes 28 votes in
the Rules Committee to refer out for
Minority Report which would mean that
now a majority of the delegates voting
in favor of unbinding the delegates
means that none of the primaries
basically counted and we have a brand
new primary at the convention one of the
people who's behind that movement told
us over the weekend at the Daily wire
that they have the votes to make that
happen so it could get really really
interesting so surprise endings so in by
the way if you actually want to be
Hillary Clinton you should be in
the surprise ending because he's getting
killed in the polls folks I mean he's
down for in Nevada it's it's bad okay so
surprise endings if you haven't seen the
sting I was shocked that Andrew Klavan
did it he did a whole week of Paul
Newman films and he missed but I think
his Paul Newman's best performance and
that is in the sting this won best
picture in 1973 maybe and it's it's a
really it's a fun terrific film Paul
Newman Robert Redford a great movie
Chicago is the place to be in 1936 in
those days the big con was a dying art
until the first class grifter on the lam
from the FBI and a young gaffer from
Joliet joined forces to con that big Vic
he's not as tough as he thinks neither
are we
Paul Newman is Henry Gondorff there
wasn't a Connie Kim runnin and there
wasn't a sucker he couldn't gaff Robin
Redford his Johnny hooker a young
drifter a plenty of moxie
three grand on the ranch a me but he's a
sucker for Lady Luck tough luck kid
Robert Shaw is the mark the underworld
is the big Mick it starts with the south
it's a great little preview it's it's
terrific it's a really really fun movie
if you haven't seen it it's it's got and
it's got a great ending it's just it's
it's really Robert Shaw is one of the
great underrated actors in the in the
history of film I love Robert Shaw he's
great in Jaws he's great in this and
it's a great cast it's just really
really fun movie okay things I hate so
they're now remaking the Republican
national platform to try and to try and
mirror trumpism which is what I have
suggested is the problem this entire
time right was that we were all gonna
move our principles in order to make
room for Donald Trump so now they're
saying a couple of things one they're
saying that we're going to say that
trade deals are great but they have to
be fair trade deals that are negotiated
in the smartest way right they're just
gonna start quoting Trump's idiotic
speeches now and pretend that this is
actual policy that's one thing
I love this this is according to the
hill today you ready okay it's not a
joke it's not a parody this is real
quote presumptive Republican
presidential nominee Donald Trump
recently spoke with Caitlyn Jenner ahead
of what is likely to be a contentious
debate over transgender issues in the
party's platform the call between the
former Olympic decathlete and the
billionaire came days after Trump met
with hundreds of religious conservatives
according to the New York Times
delegates are expected to debate on
Monday whether to adopt a provision
defending laws that prevent transgender
men and women from using the public
restroom of their choice so we've got
Donald Trump calling up Caitlyn Jenner
to coordinate between the two of them
how they will talk about transgender
bathrooms in America yes reality TV now
runs our lives because we are a bunch of
morons
so that is a thing that I hate I mean
like we've now moved through the
looking-glass we've completely moved
through the looking-glass it's all over
gang and final thing that I hate DeRay
McKesson is this this black lives matter
provocateur he had he does nothing for a
living he legitimately just goes around
race-baiting for a living
he started off doing this in Ferguson
when he was basically a no-name now he
makes lots of money doing it
he did a they allowed him to lecture at
Yale University where he said that riots
were a good thing he did a lecture
called in defense of riots so he went
down to Baton Rouge Louisiana to protest
over the alton sterling thing and he was
quickly arrested because that's what he
does he gets himself arrested and then
claimed he's his victim so here here's a
little tape of that
best day in the road
I think he's talking to me if you see me
in the road
like I said the police can tell you to
just pile up
flash you heard him saying he said the
last shoes
have you seen min really mad you there's
no sidewalk here show the line show the
curb show where you're walking so they
know that you know
there is no pride
watch the police like they are literally
just provoke people so the police are
literally provoking people the police
are saying you need to move away from
the line right and they're not arresting
a lot of people right they're not
arresting anybody all these people just
walking along the shoulder of the road
then the cops come and arrest array
because DeRay is hanging out illegally
inside ok so first of all you're not
allowed legally to walk on the side of a
freeway you're not right if you if I
decided to get up this morning just go
jogging on the side of the freeway I'd
be arrested so DeRay gets arrested and
then he's a victim so he goes down there
specifically to get arrested and then he
can claim the cops are racist ok first
of all I bet half the cops are black
second of all DeRay does nothing for
anyone I mean to raise entire stick is
just getting famous off protesting
against police brutality that in the
case of Ferguson didn't exist and in the
case of Louisiana is still under dispute
this is the country that we've now made
and Dre Dre mcKesson's a hero in it he's
considered by the head of Twitter on
every new change every new change on
Twitter it runs through DeRay McKesson
amazing amazing but this is where we go
and when feelings Trump facts folks when
feelings from facts we have nothing in
common anymore because your feelings are
unique to you no one else holds them but
the facts are held in common by everyone
so we're gonna share anything we have to
share the facts since we can't share
feelings and if we reject facts in favor
of feelings the country is basically
over on that happy note we'll be back
tomorrow with plenty more of the country
devolving into chaos and murder I'm Ben
Shapiro this is the Ben Shapiro show
you
