on Tuesday FBI director James Comey
announced he would not recommend obvious
felon Hillary Clinton for indictment his
rationale she didn't have the requisite
intent to move forward with the
prosecution here was commis conclusion
quote prosecutors necessarily weigh a
number of factors before bringing
charges there are obvious considerations
like the strength of the evidence
especially regarding intent all of the
cases prosecuted involved some
combination of clearly intentionally in
willfulness handling of classified
information or vast quantities of
materials exposed in such a way as to
support an inference of intentional
misconduct or indications of disloyalty
to the United States or efforts to
obstruct justice we do not see those
things here unquote this logic relies on
two ideas neither of which is in
evidence first
the law requires intent second that even
if the law did require intent that
intent would have to rise to the level
of treasonable activity first and most
obviously the law simply does not
require intent here is 18 USC 793 F
which Comey explicitly referenced quote
whoever being entrusted with or having
lawful possession or control of any
document writing code book signal book
sketch photograph photographic negative
blueprint plan map model instrument
appliance noter information relating to
the National Defense through gross
negligence gross negligence permits the
same to be removed from its proper place
of custody or delivered to anyone in
violation of his trust or to be lost
stolen abstracted or destroyed or to
have acknowledged that the same has been
illegally removed from its proper place
of custody or delivered to anyone in
violation of its trust or lost or stolen
abstracted or destroyed and fails to
make prompt report of such loss theft
abstraction and destruction to superior
officer shall be fined under this title
or imprisoned not more than 10 years or
both as former federal prosecutor Andy
McCarthy points out hillary was clearly
responsible for gross negligence even by
commis own admission here's what
McCarthy said quote director Comey
recommended against prosecution of the
law violations he clearly found on the
ground that there was no intent to harm
the United States in essence in order to
give mrs. Clinton to pass the FBI
rewrote the statute inserting an element
that Congress did not require the lack
of intent to harm our country is
irrelevant
people never intend the bad things that
happen due to gross negligence that's
true but there's another problem Comey
says Hillary did not did not
intentionally and willfully mishandle
classified information that she didn't
show vast quantities of material exposed
in such a way as to support an inference
of intentional misconduct he said there
were no efforts to obstruct justice
except all of that was present intent
for purposes of committing a crime
generally does not require intent to
commit the final harm that's called
specific intent it requires intent to
commit a criminal act basic intent for
example if you dropped a cinder block
into a crowd and it killed somebody you
would likely be prosecuted for
first-degree murder even though you
didn't have specific intent to kill
somebody right you'd be guilty because
you dropped the cinder block and you
knew it was probably gonna hit somebody
Hillary clearly had intent to mishandle
classified information she did it she
set up a private server to do it she had
her lawyers destroy emails on that
server Hillary also exposed vast
quantities of material intentionally
that was intentional misconduct she
didn't have to purposefully expose the
materials so specific person would
access them which is what David Petraeus
did she could just expose them purposely
because she believed it was important to
do so to protect her own privacy from
government discovery as for obstruction
of justice Comey himself said quote it
is also likely there are other
work-related emails they did not produce
the state and that we did not find
elsewhere and that are now gone because
they deleted all emails they did not
return to state and the lawyers cleaned
their devices in such a way as to
preclude a complete forensic recovery
unquote that's obstruction of justice
Comey clearly didn't obey the law here
but that was never gonna happen after
all we no longer live in a nation of
laws we live in a nation of Democrat
rulers I'm Ben Shapiro this is the Ben
Shapiro show
the Comey hearings are going on in
Congress we're going to talk about that
in just a second we're also gonna be
talking about good from Bad Trump for
folks who haven't been subscribing you
can't see it or you're not picking up
the rest of the podcast later you're
missing good Trump bad Trump and today
we have an epic episode of good Trump
bad form because there was a little bit
of good Trump and a lot of bad Trump and
we'll talk about all of that stuff plus
the vaunted ben shapiro show mailbag and
we'll even talk about these two
shootings that the left is calling
racial the one in Louisiana and the one
in Minnesota so we have a chock-full
show for you today okay let's start with
James coming so commis on the hill today
he's speaking in front of a House
committee it's the house Government
Oversight Committee and James Comey has
asked so you say that Hillary Clinton
should not be invited for a crime but
she did all the things that would
require her to be indicted for a crime
so what's the story what's the deal here
as James Comey talking about his
interpretation of the law there are two
things that matter in a criminal
investigation of a subject what did the
person do and when they did that thing
what were they thinking when you look at
the hundred years plus of the Justice
Department's investigation and
prosecution of the mishandling of
classified information those two
questions are obviously present what did
the person do did they miss handle
classified information and when they did
it did they know they were doing
something that was unlawful that has
been the characteristic of every charged
criminal case involving the mishandling
of classified information I'm happy to
go through the cases in particular in
our system of law there's a thing called
mens rea ax it's important to know what
you did but when you did it this Latin
phrase mens rea means what were you
thinking and we don't want to put people
in jail unless we prove that they knew
they were doing something they shouldn't
do that is the characteristic of all the
prosecution's involving mishandling of
classified information there is a
statute that was passed in 1917 that on
its face makes it a crime a felony for
someone to engage in gross negligence so
that would appear to say well maybe in
that circumstance you don't need to
prove they knew they were doing
something that was unlawful maybe it's
enough to prove that they were just
really really careless beyond a
reasonable doubt at the time Congress
passed that statute in 1917 there's a
law
a concern in the house in the Senate
about whether that was going to violate
the American tradition of requiring that
before you go lock somebody up you prove
they knew they were doing something
wrong and so there's a lot of concern
about it the statute was passed as best
I can tell the Department of Justice has
used it once in the 99 years since
reflecting that same concern I know from
30 years with the Department of Justice
they have grave concerns about whether
it's appropriate to prosecute somebody
for gross negligence which is why
they've done it once that I know of in a
case involving espionage we can stop
that so when I'm this is a bunch of crap
okay everything he's saying right now is
crap and then I'll explain why this is
crap number one as far as the level of
intent he says did she know she was
doing something wrong right that's what
he says those are his words that's the
second element did she know she was
doing something wrong
oh let's see let's see she set up a
private server with all sorts of
classified information in her basement
and in her bathroom and she had multiple
servers and she lied about it repeatedly
she was told by the State Department she
shouldn't be doing it and her people
told the State Department to shut up did
she know she was doing something wrong
hell yes she knew she was doing
something wrong of course you knew she
was doing something wrong as far as the
idea that he can't prosecute under 793 F
because it's grossly negligent grossly
negligent and then he says we wouldn't
want to prosecute people if they didn't
know they were doing something wrong
excuse me but in every state in America
we have criminal negligence statutes in
every case in every state in America we
have criminal negligence for example you
leave a loaded handgun out on your
coffee table and you have a
three-year-old in the house and the
three-year-old takes the gun and shoots
himself in the head you will be
prosecuted for criminal negligence you
will you'll be prosecuted for criminal
negligence is that something James Comey
is coming out against now he's saying
well you didn't have intent for the kid
to shoot himself in the head no you
idiot of course criminal negligence
exists of course gross negligence exists
the entire purpose of the statute was to
say we need to take care of our national
secrets to the extent that even if you
make a mistake with national secrets
you're still gonna get punished so he's
just rewriting the law wholesale to
avoid incriminating Hillary Clinton
that's what this is there's a lot of
talk yesterday did Comey do the right
thing and then he really she wouldn't
have been indicted anyway so he was just
kind of for stalling that and using it
as an opportunity to dump all over
Hillary so that you wouldn't get off
scot-free
or was this corrupt okay this speaks to
corrupt because what he's saying right
now is legally nonsensical it's legally
nonsensical and to prove it's legally
nonsensical a few minutes later he's
asked about okay let's say you're
working for the FBI what happens to you
if you treat material the same way that
Hillary Clinton said jason Chaffetz
questioning him from Utah if Hillary
Clinton or if anybody had worked at the
FBI under this fact pattern what would
you do to that person there would be a
security review and an adjudication of
their suitability and a range of
discipline could be imposed from
termination to reprimand and in between
suspensions loss of clearance so you
could be walked out or you or you could
depending upon the nature of the facts
you could be reprimanded but there there
is a robust process to handle that okay
so there's a robust process inside the
FBI there's only one problem
Hillary Clinton alonger works for the
government so what happens to you is the
ideas that when you stop working for
government if we found out you committed
a crime while you were in the government
now you're off scot-free now it's fine
so in other words only while you're
working for the government are there
consequences but once you're out of
government it's fine so if you hide it
long enough and then you quit then they
can't touch you anymore or if you quit
before they do anything to you or if
you're just fired there's no more
consequences yeah except for there's a
guy in the Navy who just in 2015 ended
up getting two years probation and a
$7,500 fine for doing exactly what
Hillary did except with less purpose you
just walked out of cloud of a Navy base
with classified information no intent to
distribute and they still gave him a
fine in two years of probation this
hearing got very weird very quickly I
mean James Comey again this was supposed
to be an honest guy clearly he's not
clearly something else is going on I
think the thing that's going on is that
James Comey knew how this was gonna go
it could either be his brains or a
signature on that piece of paper and he
preferred his signature on a piece of
paper Godfather style basically he knew
that Obama was not gonna prosecute he
knew Loretta Lynch was not gonna
prosecute he knew that either he was
gonna have to quit his job and never get
a job in another Democratic
administration or he was just gonna have
to rip Hillary and go along to get along
and so he chose the latter this this
here's a really weird piece of testimony
James Comey actually is remember earlier
he said you have to know that you did
something wrong here's James Comey being
asked well didn't she know she was doing
something wrong did Hillary Clinton do
anything wrong
and what do you mean by wrong I think
it's self-evident well I'm a lawyer I'm
an investigator and I'm an open normal
human being
you really believe there should be no
consequence for Hillary Clinton and how
she dealt with this well I didn't say I
hope folks remember what I said on
Tuesday I didn't say there's no
consequence for someone who violates the
rules regarding the handling of
classified information they're often
very severe consequences in the FBI
involving their employment involving
their pay involving their clearances
that's what I that's what I said on
Tuesday and I hope folks walk away
understanding that just because
someone's not prosecuted for mishandling
classified information that doesn't mean
if you work in the FBI there aren't
consequences for it but you didn't work
for the FBI so what happens to her there
are no consequences I love that did she
do something wrong define wrong we're
now fully in Clinton land right Clinton
land where is doesn't mean is was
doesn't mean was and wrong doesn't mean
wrong it's unbelievable I mean this is
so insulting to everybody's intelligence
trey Gowdy who's in actual federal
prosecutor he used to be a federal
prosecutor trey Gowdy or maybe was a
state prosecutor but ray Gowdy in any
case he goes after James Comey is
representative from South Carolina and
he gets called me to admit that Hillary
lied over and over and over and over but
still apparently we've got James Comey
saying that none of this is worthy of
prosecution Secretary Clinton said she
never sent or received into classified
information over her private email was
that true our investigation found that
there was classified information so it
was not true that's what I said okay
well I'm looking for a little shorter
answer so you and I'll not hear quite as
long Secretary Clinton said there was
nothing mark class of auto and her
emails either sent or received was that
true that's not true there were a small
number of portion markings on I think
three of the documents Secretary Clinton
said I did not email any classified
material to anyone on my email there is
no classified material was that true
there was classified material email
Secretary Clinton said she used just one
device was that true she used multiple
devices during the four years of her
term as Secretary goes on for 5 5 min
of trey gowdy just grilling james comey
and getting homie to acknowledge lie
after lie after lie but he says there
wasn't gross negligence to the point
where we after prosecute and there
wasn't intent there wasn't intent okay
basically commis definition of intent is
she must have meant to go over to the
kremlin and hand vladimir putin copies
of her emails in order for him to
prosecute that's not what the statute
says that's not what any reasonable
statute would say that's not what any
reasonable statute would say okay but in
Ellis into his new excuses right she has
to come up with new excuses for Hillary
now so get ready for this one this one
was great James Comey was talking about
Hillary's lawyers deleting emails watch
what he says here this is beyond the
pale of insanity did Secretary Clinton
know her legal team deleted those emails
that they kept from us I don't believe
so
did Secretary Clinton approve those
emails being deleted I don't think there
was any specific instruction or
conversation between the secretary and
her lawyers about that did you ask that
question yes did Secretary Clinton know
that her lawyers clean devices in such a
way as to preclude complete forensic
recovery I don't believe that she did
did you ask that question yes do you see
how someone could view the context of
what she did set up a private system she
alone controlled it she kept everything
on it we now know from Miss Aberdeen's
deposition that they they did it for
that very reason so no one could see
what was there based on the deposition
miss Abidine gave and then when they got
caught they deleted what they had and
they scrubbed their devices is that part
of the context in evaluating this
decision sure
sure I understand what inferences can be
drawn from that collection of facts of
course
he understands the inferences but no it
wasn't intentional she slipped in her
hip felon it fell on her lawyers and her
lawyers deleted all the emails okay I'm
a lawyer okay you don't do stuff that
your clients don't tell you to do as a
lawyer okay if somebody hands it over to
me their emails and they said okay do
what you will with the emails you think
I'm going to lead all the emails
anything I would do that if they were
the Secretary of State there's clearly
clearly an instruction that comes down
the clinton camp to her lawyers Comey
knows that and he's lying this is all a
bunch of crap and then he gets to an
even worse one right this is that will
be the last one then we'll have to break
unfortunately here's the the I love this
one
Comey says that hillary was
unsophisticated about classified
information she's the thick nuran who
knew she's just she's crazy all brahma
she just didn't know anything about how
computers work and just wants her
grandson to come over and teach her how
to use the email so she makes a
statement that says there was no
markings you make a statement that there
was so her statement was not true well
that but that would actually have a
little bit insight into into her
statement because we asked her about
that there were three documents that for
portion markings where you're obligated
when something is classified to put a
marking on that paragraph right and
there were three that bore C in parens
which means that's confidential
classified and so a reasonable person
who has been a senator a Secretary of
State a first lady wouldn't a reasonable
person know that that was a classified
marking as a secretary of state yeah a
reasonable person that's all I'm asking
yeah before this investigation I
probably would have said yes I'm not so
sure I I don't find it incredible rector
tell me come on I mean I've only been
here a few years and I understand the
importance of those markings so you're
suggesting that a long length of time
that she had no idea what a classified
marking would be that's your sworn
testimony today no not not that she
would have no idea what a cosmic marking
with people but is she this question
about sophistication came up earlier
whether she was actually sophisticated
understand okay she's just stupid she's
by the way she's an originating source
of classified information she creates
classified information but she doesn't
know what classified is because she's an
unsophisticated player she's an
unsophisticated player okay
unfortunately in front of time on the
Facebook live stream but if you want to
watch the rest go to daily wired.com and
subscribe it's eight bucks a month and
just part from a gang we ain't that much
money come on I mean Obama's gonna take
more money from you like in the next
five minutes you just give us your $8 a
month and then you can watch or you can
go to
iTunes and SoundCloud and you can
download the rest of the show but we
have so much more to get to get the
mailbag we're gonna talk about these
these police shootings we're gonna talk
about Donald Trump's response to all of
this it's just it's a bonanza of joy so
just over at Daily wire calm all right
so the best excuse we saved for last the
best excuse we saved for last
I love this one Comey finally admits yes
Hillary Clinton was negligent but she
was unintentionally negligent I love
this phrase unintentionally negligent do
you know what that means
that's redundancy gang that's from the
redundancy department of redundancy uh
no one is intentionally negligent
negligent means by accident this is like
saying I got into a car accident
accidentally yes we know cuz it was
called the car accident okay so here's
James Comey explaining that she was
unintentionally criminally negligent but
if she'd been intentionally criminally
negligent that would have been criminal
but it was all unintentional because
she's a crazy old coot um is it your
statement then before this committee
that Secretary Clinton should have known
not to send classified material and yet
she did well certainly she should have
known not to send classified information
I think as I said that's the definition
of negligent I think she was extremely
careless I think she was negligent that
I could establish what we can't
establish is that she acted with the
necessary criminal intent okay this is
ridiculous this is ridiculous she's
guilty and commis covering for her end
of story and the reason this happened is
because the DOJ gave the word end of
story
end of story so that's that's James
Comey the Republicans are responding to
this predictably they're saying this is
insane so Marco Rubio he says the State
Department should bar Hillary Clinton's
clearances because if you treat
classified information this way you
can't be trusted with this sort of
information well what people a lot of
people don't realize is beyond the
criminality or non criminality of this
there's the issue of State Department
rules the State Department has rules on
all of its employees on all of its
officials about how to handle classified
information and it has very clearly
detailed that there are sanctions and
punishments for violating those rules I
promise you this if what we know Hillary
Clinton and her staff did had been
anybody else in the State Department
they would have been punished and it
would have gone from revoking their
security clearance to being fired
to everything in between and tuning
long-term non-paid suspension etc so
what I'm asking secretary Kerry to do
this is under his jurisdiction is to
ensure that the appropriate measures are
taken to now punish all of these people
for their reckless behavior and that
includes Hillary Clinton because whether
or not the federal government the
Justice Department finds us to be
criminal there is no doubt that it was
negligent and there is no doubt that it
violated State Department policy and he
needs to carry that out and not ignore
it for partisan political reasons okay
so of course he's right of course he's
right but none of this makes any
difference none of this makes any Paul
Ryan said the same thing jason Chaffetz
says that that an average Joe would be
in jail
here's Chaffetz explaining that this is
insanity do you suspect that do you
agree with that that's it's a legitimate
question for the FBI director because if
you listen to the fact pattern laid out
by the director I'm mystified there
seems to be a double standard if the
average Joe had gone through that they
probably have handcuffs on them and
probably be in jail but if your name is
Clinton if you happen to be part of the
powerful and elite there seems to be a
different set of standards that
certainly the Department of Justice has
prosecuted people for far less and here
in the Hillary Clinton they're just
letting her go and yeah they're just
gonna let her go okay so this should be
a great time for Donald Trump to attack
right right this would be you would
think I mean just do what I did right
just go out there and attack this would
be a great time so now it's time for our
daily game of good Trump Batra oh yes
and today is an epic game of good Trump
bad Trump so as always we begin with
good Trump so good Trump he attacks the
Clintons last night he's in Ohio and he
goes after the Clintons and here's what
he has to say about the Clintons we're
tired of incompetent leadership and
incompetent people and Hillary Clinton I
said bad judgment she's incompetent okay
she's in kind
the only good thing she's ever done is
get out of trouble when anybody else
would have been in jail by now that's
the only thing that
ever seen her do that was a great job I
gotta give her credit I gotta give her
credit okay and he's right and if all he
did last night was just this for an hour
just go out there for an hour and do
nothing but read Hillary Clinton's
emails and read Hillary Clinton's
testimony and then regens commis
testimony and then just go back and
forth and say she's a liar she's a liar
she's corrupt she's a liar she cares
more about herself than the country
if that's all he did last night we would
have been great right we've been gold
that's all he has to do this is the
worst news cycle for Hillary Clinton
since she lost the nomination to Barack
Obama in 2008 and it's the worst news
cycle for her credibility ever in the
history of her career okay it's a
horrible horrible news cycle the head of
the FBI is basically saying she's a
criminal but I'm gonna let her get away
with it because she's a criminal that's
basically what the head of the FBI is
now saying because we have a criminal
conspiracy at the top of government I'm
a part of it and so therefore I'm going
to let her go that's basically what he's
saying right now because there's no
other excuse for him doing what he's
doing unfortunately unfortunately
because Donald Trump is Donald Trump bad
Trump okay so it's time for some bad
Trump and this is a listen even for
people like me who are not fans of
Donald Trump and I'm not a fan of Donald
Trump because bad Trump is more
prevalent than good Trump I'm not a fan
of Donald Trump because I think he
thinks the wrong things I don't think
that he's a conservative but also
because he's wildly incompetent and
because he's destroying any possibility
of defeating Hillary Clinton and all the
rest of it
Donald Trump has no capacity to hemin
sailfin he just doesn't and it's in it's
pathetic it's pathetic the media by the
way are looking for another headline
they're looking to swivel yesterday I
mentioned they were looking to swivel
from Hillary to drown from Jewish star
tweet right what Donald Trump she was
done is you're shut up just shut up
about it
you already got rid of it just shut up
about it just go out there and say
Hillary a hundred times in a row how
many times do I have to tell you people
knew Trump stirs if your boy just keeps
saying Hillary from now to the election
he puts even people like me who don't
want to vote for Trump in a bad position
because Hillary is such a criminal felon
lying piece of human garbage
yeah but Trump won't do that because he
has this aspect of bad Trump just as
preface he was on the hill today and on
the hill he was trying to recruit
Republicans so naturally he goes into a
Republican meeting with with with
members of Congress and proceeds to rip
Ben Sasse mark Kirk and
Flake all in a row because they don't
back him he says to Jeff Flake you're
not gonna get reelected switch Jeff
Flake says I'm not up for reelection
this year he says tomorrow Couric you're
you're not gonna get reelected either
but I'm gonna win your state Illinois
mm-hmm and then he rips on Ben Sasse
yeah that's a genius way to draw support
to yourself but that wasn't the worst of
it so the media are looking desperately
they're looking desperately for an
excuse not to talk about Hillary Clinton
and her criminality normally the media
just out squirrel right then they go
chase a squirrel Donald Trump provides
an army of squirrels that's what he does
he has like a squirrel army and he just
unleashes it you just unleashes the
squirrel army so here is Donald Trump
tweeting last night about this this
Jewish star tweet this ridiculous thing
you remember he tweeted a picture of
Hillary Clinton over a bed of money and
a Jewish star in the corner and then he
said it wasn't a Jewish star wasn't a
Jewish star it was a sheriff's star
which is ridiculous right and because I
know that all of Trump supporters who
treat me I I just didn't know that all
the alt-right people have been tweeting
me sheriff stars if only I'd known that
all this time I would have been less
offended when they put the little star
David on me that says dude on it this is
you didn't on it then I should have
known that they just meant I was that I
was just the sheriff of the yuud's so
that's that's just exciting so Donald
Trump tweeted that out and then he
covered it up the star with a circle and
then he justified it okay fine whatever
just let it go okay let it go okay but
he can't let it go because he has no
capacity to let it go so last night he
tweets this out where is the outrage for
this Disney book is this the Star of
David also dishonest media hashtag
frozen and it's a picture of a of a
frozen product like a sticker book and
it has a six pointed star right that
says in it with 50 stickers right
there's what he tweets out and this is
his excuse now couple of things to point
out about this first the first place
that I'm aware of this image having
appeared is on an alt write Twitter
account trying to make excuses for Trump
so the alt right that he says he doesn't
monitor apparently provided him with
this image that he then used to explain
that he wasn't really taking his images
from the alt-right so that's a little
awkward second of all second of all I
don't see the bed of money next to next
to Elsa right there third of all I
wasn't aware that Disney stores or were
sort of the center of the alt-right
online universe wasn't aware of that one
either this whole thing is
so stupid that's exactly right right I
mean he could have let it go for the
first time in forever
he could have gotten on message instead
he just demonstrated as always that he's
a real fixer-upper in any case in any
case Donald Trump does this routine but
he doesn't stop there again he doesn't
stop there because Donald Trump is an
utter turd tornado so instead he goes
out there and his rally in Ohio
yesterday and he mentions the Star of
David 28 times here is Donald Trump
talking about the Star of David
unbelievably dishonest media so think of
that yes they have the star which is
fine I shouldn't have taken it down you
know they took this star down I said too
bad you should have left it up I would
have rather defended it just leave it up
and say no that's not a snob that's just
a star I trust about corrupt Hillary
corrupt Hillary but she sent it out she
said oh this is she's the one that
started the dialogue okay he should have
left it up we should have left it up you
idiot now we're back to discussing the
Jewish star even people like me who
actually find this nonsense offensive
offensive because you flirt with an
alright group of people who tweet images
of gas chambers at me on the day my
baby's born I find that mildly offensive
you know when you do this sort of stuff
even I'm saying why aren't you talking
about Hillary right now why are you
talking about Hillary don't you think
that's important why wouldn't you do
that right but don't worry he has other
things to talk about like for example at
that same rally he says that he wants to
announce somebody he's trying to get to
speak at the Republican National
Convention who pray tell
okay shop just shut your face you stupid
idiot just shut up
Don King is a convicted second-degree
murderer okay Don King he mentions Mike
Tyson there Don King is so corrupt that
Mike Tyson sued him for a hundred
million dollars Mike Tyson thinks he's
terrible there's Mike Tyson talking
about Don King Don King who's a wretched
there's just a red to slimy reptile any
mother this supposed to be mine this
will be my brother my black brother he's
just um he's just a bad man it's real
bad man he abused you and we thought he
was he would people killed his mother
for a dollar he's ruthless he's an
deplorable he doesn't know how to love
anybody that's just the way he is okay
that's the guy the Donald Trump wants to
speak at the convention and that
generates a headline because Trump is a
dolt okay or one of two things is true
either the conspiracists are right and
Donald Trump is in league with the
Clintons to throw the election Hillary
or he's the stupidest man in American
politics he's just a dummy I mean this
is because this is bad guys okay I want
him to attack Hillary I want Hillary to
go to jail
I want Hillary attacked I want Hillary
taken down I don't even like Trump but
one of the reasons I don't like Trump is
because he can't control himself
he has no capacity to control himself
but that wasn't all last night Donald
Trump decided it would also be
worthwhile to quadruple down on his talk
about Saddam Hussein right so he goes
out there and he says and I'm Hussein
yeah he kills terrorists that's what
Saddam Hussein does I wake up I turn on
the television Donald Trump loves Saddam
Hussein
he loves Saddam Hussein and I was just
asked a question by the Cincinnati
Enquirer inside mr. Trump is it true
that you love Saddam Hussein essentially
like sort of that you know I said that's
not what I said that's not what I said
so that's the narrative the gunner and I
actually put a press release out and now
the people that saw it say that was
great but they are liars these are bad
people these are bad people and what I
did say and what I did say is that he
was good at one thing he was really good
at killing terrorists he didn't wait
around if you think they gave the
terrorists trials at lasted 18 years and
then after 18 years if they had the
right lawyer they erect a statue in
honor of the terrorists right not with
Trump so I said bad guy really bad guy
but he was good at one thing
he killed terrorists next day Donald
Trump loves Saddam Hussein I don't love
Saddam Hussein I hate Saddam Hussein but
he was damn good at killing terrorists
and now terrorists the people that want
to be terrorists they go into Iraq and I
said last night it's the Harvard okay
okay so again he's been saying this crap
about Saddam Hussein since last year in
the media ignored it so this is the
media targeting him but you don't have
to give them the the squirrel army you
don't have to you could just shut up and
say Hillary over and over it ain't that
tough all of this allows the New York
Times to run with this lead today right
James Comey is on the hill to testify
about how he let Hillary Clinton off for
committing crimes putting classified
information in a place where our enemies
could hack them and here is the lead at
the New York Times yesterday quote
Donald J Trump on lenses this morning
offered a defiance defense of his
campaigns decision to publish an image
widely viewed as anti-semitic saying he
regretted deleting it and vigorously
reaffirmed his praise of Saddam Hussein
the murderous Iraqi dictator great job
Donald well-played Donald that doesn't
mean that the media is fair they're not
I said this yesterday the media are
grossed media are looking for an excuse
not to talk Hillary don't give it to
them why do you have to do this why why
I mean it's just it's amazing the
biggest the biggest shift that was going
around the inner gift that was going
around the internet yesterday was this
one of Donald Trump last night talking
about a mosquito that is an unheard-of
number the Democrats ooh there was a
mosquito I don't want mosquitoes around
me I don't like mosquitoes I don't like
those mosquitoes I never did okay
speaking of mosquitoes hello Hillary how
are you doing what what what just what
okay fine meanwhile Hillary Clinton is
staying on whatever message she's got
left cuz she's a corrupt lying harridan
witch so here is Hillary Clinton in
Atlantic City she she yeah I said
yesterday I think it occurred to me that
Hillary Clinton actually likes getting
down in the mud with people because it's
what she's good at she's not really good
at policy but she is good at I'm gonna
try a knife people it's one of her
favorite things to do so she goes for
Atlantic City he stands in front of a
defunct Trump casino and then does this
now let's just look at this for a minute
Donald Trump says he's qualified to be
President because of his business record
now three weeks ago he said and I quote
I'm going to do for the country what I
did for my business now you know when he
says things like that he's probably
hoping nobody will check up on what he
has said because what he did for his
businesses and his workers is nothing to
brag about
in fact it's shameful and every single
voter in America needs to know about it
so we don't let him do to our country
what he did to his businesses so here's
the problem right now if Trump were that
wouldn't stop it if Trump were a good
candidate what Trump would come back
with is well we shouldn't let Hillary
Clinton do to our country what she did
to our country
right she shouldn't look like that was
her job was not to screw us and she did
but Trump is busy talking about Jewish
stars and Don King and whatever nonsense
is going through his addled brain okay
meanwhile in other big news today there
have been two shootings we talked about
one of these yesterday there have been
two shootings in the United States that
are getting all sorts of attention and I
want to go through them real quickly my
first point here my first point here is
obvious we need more evidence in these
shootings to determine what actually
happened and people are going crazy over
people even saying there should be more
evidence before we make a determination
as to guilt an innocence of the officers
involved because I like evidence I'm
about you I like it the reason I like it
is because back in 2014 during the
Darren Wilson during the the Darren
Wilson Michael Brown shooting and in
Ferguson Missouri more than 50 percent
57 percent of the black community
thought that Darren Wilson should get
the death penalty for shooting Michael
Brown it is in August of 2014 before all
the evidence was out 56 percent of white
people said we need to wait to hear more
evidence as to what exactly happened
here only one of those is the right
answer right only one of those is the
right answer wait to hear more evidence
when the evidence came out it was clear
Michael Brown the entire narrative was a
lie so all I suggest folks is just hold
off just hold off but President Obama is
incapable of holding off because he
likes setting racial fires it's what he
does for a living
he sets racial fires and then
tries to put them out supposedly by
saying give me more power at the federal
government level I'll use the FBI and
DOJ to cram down my vision of the
universe on local communities so there
were two shootings one is this shooting
of a guy named Elton sterling in Baton
Rouge Louisiana we talked about him
yesterday long criminal record and there
was a 911 phone call by a homeless guy
saying that Elton sterling was outside a
convenience store waving around a gun
and threatening people the police show
up he resists arrest they tackle him to
the ground there are two cops on top of
him and then we can watch the video it's
lomographic but here is the first Alton
Alton sterling shooting video
see them both on top of this guy now and
tackled him they're trying to secure him
okay so what you're actually seeing they
don't anymore so from that angle you
can't see what actually is going on but
you hear the cops shouting he's got a
gun if you make a move
basically I'll blow you away and then
both cops start shouting gun and then
they shoot him right so this entire so
everybody goes insane every doesn't
saying here's the second tape that came
out different angle and you can see it a
little bit more close but you still
can't see what he's doing with his hand
which is really the only relevant
consideration here is he going for the
gun in his pocket by the way illegal for
him to have a gun he was a felon on
probation but even that's irrelevant
because if he doesn't go for the gun
then you shouldn't shoot him so the
question here is does he go for the gun
or does he not go for the gun and this
is the only other video these are the
only two videos we've seen that's it
these two videos here's the other video
of the shooting from a different angle
hey bro you effing move I'll shoot you
basically right and then they and then
they shoot a bunch of times they going
okay so again could you see in that
video what he's doing with his hands I
can't see what he's doing with his hands
cuz the officers are obstructing you
can't see what he's doing with his hands
now does it look to me like he's
absolutely subdued no it doesn't but you
know we'll wait to see more evidence so
I'm not gonna make the judgments they
deserve to go to jail I don't know yet
let's wait for more evidence now
shooting two so first here's what the
New York Daily News cover feature
because leaner Daily News the lefty
newspaper right it's that exact picture
and says his hands were empty cops
killed Alton stone despite his being
pinned to ground and never pulling a gun
that wasn't the question whether he
pulled the gun the question is if he
went for the gun is enough to actually
pull the gun what are they supposed to
wait until he actually pulls the gun and
has his finger on the trigger of course
not they're gonna shoot him and that's
they did they shot him okay so that
doesn't mean it's justified we don't
know yet okay more information more I
know there's a tough concept for people
more evidence okay here's the other
shooting so here's another shooting this
is a shooting that happens near st. Paul
Minnesota and and in this particular
shooting the victim's name is Flandreau
Castile okay and falando Castile we
actually don't see this this what
happened here is that the cop shoots
Flandreau Castile we don't see any of
that always he's the aftermath so you're
about to see is the girlfriend is
sitting in the passenger seat and she
starts live-streaming this I mean it's
on Facebook or YouTube or something she
starts live-streaming this to the web
and she is live-streaming this as her
boyfriend is bleeding out next to her so
here's what this looks like we got
pulled over for a busted taillight in
the back and the police he's covered he
they killed my friend he's licensed he's
carried so he's licensed to carry he was
trying to get out his ID in his wallet
out his pocket and he let the officer
know that he was read he had a firearm
and he was reaching for his wallet and
the officer just shot him and his earned
we're waiting for that I will sir no
worries
he just shot his arm off we got pulled
over on LARPing they're not told to get
his head out he had you told him get his
ID sir his driver's license oh my god
please don't tell me he's dead
please don't tell me my boyfriend just
went like that yes I will sir I'll keep
my hands where they are please don't
tell me this lord please Jesus don't
tell me that he's gone please don't tell
me that he's gone please officer don't
tell me that you just did this to him
you shot four bullets into him sir he
was just getting his license and
registration sir okay and it continues
like this for another nine minutes so
two things one this looks different to
me than the other shoot the reason it
looks different to me than the other
shoot is because of the tone and tenor
of the people involved afterward so
she's sitting there and she's all calm
which is kind of weird but what she's
describing and she chastises the officer
she says you asked him basically to get
his ID and then you shot him and the
officer says I can't believe you know I
told him not to reach for it I told him
not to reach for the gun and he reached
for it but he's very agitated obviously
the officers yelling you can hear in his
voice this is just a lay person's
opinion obviously to me it sounds like
this is a guy who just realized he made
a huge boo-boo that's going to that not
only killed this guy but is gonna
destroy his own life that's what it
sounds to me like from the tone of the
officer now you can't tell much from the
tone of an officer again there's no
evidence here we don't know what
actually happened inside the car I don't
know if the cop has a body cam we may
find out but there's no evidence number
one there's not enough evidence to
convict based on what happens after the
shoot what happens after the shooting
right we just don't know we don't know
okay there needs to be more evidence
number two even if you shot the guy is
that evidence that it was racism or is
it possible that he's just wildly
incompetent this cop he's a really bad
incompetent cop is that possible to you
actually show proof of racism doesn't
matter for the left doesn't matter for
the left so President Obama has already
released this statement quote all
Americans should be deeply troubled by
the fatal shootings of elton sterling in
Baton Rouge Louisiana and falando
Casteel in Falcon Heights Minnesota
we've seen such tragedies far too many
times our hearts go out to the families
and communities who suffered such a
painful loss although I am constrained
commenting on the particular facts of
these cases and encourage that the DOJ
has opened a civil rights investigation
in Baton Rouge I have full confidence in
the professionalism and ability to
conduct a thoughtful thorough and fair
inquiry but regardless and this is
typical Obama and it's really it's it's
really gross actually regardless of the
outcome of such investigations what's
clear is that these fatal shootings are
not isolated incidents they are
symptomatic of the broader challenges
within our criminal justice system the
racial disparities that appear across
the system year after year the resulting
lack of trust that exists between law
enforcement and too many too many of the
communities they serve to admit we've
got a serious problem in no way
contradicts our respect and appreciation
for the vast majority of police officers
who put their lives on the lives on the
line to protect us every single day it
is to say that as a nation we can and
must do better to institute the best
practices that reduce the appearance or
reality of racial bias and law
enforcement appearance not just reality
appearance of racial bias in law
enforcement okay this is President Obama
setting a fire without any evidence
that's what he's doing here again
there's not enough evidence to convict
these guys we don't know what happened
here we have a tape in one case that
starts after the shoot and in the other
case we have two tapes both of which
obstruct the key moments of the shoot we
don't know what happened it doesn't stop
Obama though from race baiting because
this is what Democrats do this is what
Barack Obama does nevermind the
statistics never mind the more white
people than black people are shot by the
cops and then in circumstances in which
people confront the cops it is more
likely a white guy will get shot than a
black guy never mind the fact that black
cops are actually more likely to shoot
black suspects in the NYPD then white
cops are likely to shoot black suspects
never mind any of that never mind that
the number of people who are shot black
people who are shot unarmed in the
United States by the cops that the
number of those people is I believe in
double digits every year significantly
in low double digits every year nuts an
epidemic it's a serious problem in law
enforcement is what Obama does doesn't
worry about statistics he doesn't worry
about statistical trends all he does is
he sets fires without evidence again
without it maybe these guys are both
maybe everybody's guilty maybe they are
that still doesn't demonstrate a
systemic bias against black people
it still doesn't demonstrate anything
beyond incompetence of these individual
police officers or maybe their
department and even if they're both
guilty even if they're both guilty you
don't know that right now but Obama
is jumping to conclusions in a single
bound and and it really is quite gross
by the way I will point this out this is
a tape I'm gonna show you tape from
Fresno that's not getting any attention
at all this happened like a week ago
couple weeks ago okay you're about to
watch a 19 year old guy get shot by the
cops
okay so a guy lying prone on the ground
underneath the truck it appears or next
to a truck and the cops shooting him so
the cop said the I went for a gun in his
waistband right and then they shot him
now you haven't seen this on the news
and all have you've never heard of this
thing in Fresno you haven't seen why
look is the guy in the grounds white so
you haven't seen any of this maybe the
cops are racist maybe the cops are
racist amazing amazing so again this
sort of racial divisive 'no siz
something left loves and it's really
quite horrifying again it's it's just
another way and it by the way it does
generate more deaths because it means
the cops are not going to go and police
in communities where they feel they
might have to shoot somebody and it also
means that people are going to be more
abrasive with the cops because they feel
that no matter what they do the cops are
gonna kill them anyway all right time
for a couple of one a couple things I
liked and the thing I hate and then to
mailbag you in the world way over time
but hey whatever okay so things I like
we're doing westerns all week so here's
a lesser-known Western modern Western
that's actually a very good picture it's
actually tough to come up with great
westerns there aren't that many terrific
westerns some good old ones The
Searchers and the man shot Liberty
valance I'm partial to some old John
Wayne movies like the original True Grit
or Big Jake but yeah okay the arroyo is
a good Western although it's a modern
Western here is here's it's it's not a
classic Western I mean in terms of like
the time period so here's here's this
one it's called open range with Kevin
Costner and Robert Duvall and you
haven't seen this movie it's a it's a
it's a good little flick beautiful
country man can get lost out here forget
there's people and things that ain't so
simple as this
how long we been riding together charlie
now I'm 10 years you know what to call
it call it a decades
I always hoped somebody general and
caring might come along I'm not who you
think I am soon
my name's Denton Baxter you know folks
around these parts don't take the free
grazers always been country plenty for
man and beast times change was to spit
amount most time a man will tell you
it's bad intentions if you listen
yourself here
reckon them cows worth getting killed
over cows is one thing but one man
telling another man will even go in this
country something else long man just sat
in that jailhouse sort of sneering
sticks in my craw hotel knows there's a
fight coming there's this heifer don't
stole over to them Max's men push back
the fence shot he dead shot a 16 year
old boy
- and clubbed him so hard you might not
live I got no problem with killing boss
never had
okay so it's the attention Lincoln it's
cool western and the last shootout is
fantastic it's a really well shot
shooter there's one shot in particular
is fantastic so open range with Kevin
Costner Roberts well I'm not even a
Costner fan this is one of his better
performances which isn't saying much but
it actually is a good performance so
that's saying more okay so let's skip to
things that I hate so Marvel Comics has
decided that they need to get involved
in every political controversy they can
this annoys me I read these comics and I
understand that now they want to
diversify every character so the new
Iron Man is a 15 year old black girl
whatever they made Thor a woman whatever
like I think it's stupid to take iconic
characters and then replace them with
anybody but the fact that they're now
doing this so we can get the United
Colors of Benetton is kind of silly to
me but they here's something even dumber
so Marvel has decided that they're doing
a comic in which the villain is clearly
Donald Trump right so this is the this
is the the villain Donald Trump and it's
supposed to be I think it's modak is
what it's called
modak and it's it's something about
making America great again essentially
and so he's the big villain in this new
Marvel comic and you got to picture the
Mexican border and the whole deal okay
this is absolutely idiotic this is
absolutely stupid and the reason that
this is absolutely stupid is because if
you're trying to draw an audience of
young people presumably there's some
young people who may disagree with you
on politics it's really silly and
ridiculous to create these comics where
a major presidential get someone I don't
even like right isn't this is how the
culture biases kids toward political
figures I mean they did another comic I
think Marvel did one last weekend which
Justin Trudeau the socialist idiot prime
minister from from from Canada he's the
hero the comics should leave a lot of
the politics out of it they can it's
possible to do it you can tackle big
issues without getting specifically
insulting about major political
personages in the United States but the
lefties can't help it and they brag to
all their comic book buddies about it so
I find that ridiculous and insulting
okay couple entries from the mailbag all
right Nathan when assessing Trump how
much considerations you believe we
should give regarding the staff he
brings in the people he surrounds
himself with remember that he did fire
evil Corey Lewandowski okay Nate I don't
pay any attention to the people he puts
around him because in the end Trump
rules Trump right mana fort was supposed
to get Trump under control that's not
going well Matt writes hey Ben would you
consider doing a little bio or Q&A Simon
with different members of the crew it
would be cool to get to know a little
more about Lindsey Mathis and the rest
of the crew it would also give you more
reason to make jokes about them only the
last reason is convincing so yeah we can
do a little bit of a bio about about
Lindsey in mathis with their permission
we'll have to we'll have to put together
little video segments where they
introduce themselves and we'll play them
and I'll mock them and it'll be and
it'll be lots of fun
so we will definitely do that because
you should you should you have a right
to know the people who are behind the
camera in this the greatest of all shows
in human history
Tyler writes hi Ben and someone in
constant debate over values principles
and morality I wonder how you schedule
time to think and reflect throughout
your hectic week when you do section off
time what habits do you exercise to
ensure that it's worthwhile do you keep
a journal keep a list of topics you want
to read up on and plan weeks to read
them appreciate your advice
so I carve I mean basically I have two
kids now which means that my reading
time is constrained to after they go to
bed and what I'm in the bathroom those
are that's basically my reading time
yeah at this point in my work sort of
informs me constantly because I'm
constantly reading throughout the day on
the news the background for the news but
instead of keeping a reading list I
actually just have a giant pile of books
next to my bed that I'm constantly
refreshing and replenishing I have no
less than probably 30 volumes next to my
bed at any given time and I sort of make
my way through them and I build it up
and I take it down I'm constantly I mean
I have I think I own probably six or
seven thousand books in my house we ran
out of space in my old house we had to
buy a bigger new house so I could do it
my study doesn't contain all of them I
have two rooms in my house that are
specifically dedicated to books and
they're both big so it's a you know
reading is is obviously where I get most
of my information
Joseph what do you think of Viggo
Mortensen as an actor and also how he
became a recluse after Lord of the Rings
and I really have no opinion on him
becoming a recluse after Lord of the
Rings
I think Viggo Mortensen is a terrific
actor and I don't think that it's best
perform you want to see some range watch
him in Eastern Promises in Lord of the
Rings Eastern Promises which I haven't
done is a thing I like great movie
really really good movie very gritty not
for the kids obviously or some nudity
but it's it but it's a terrific terrific
movie and Viggo Mortensen is a really
good actor really has range chase I
recently read your book porn generation
was both frightened and inspired by it
in the book he spoke of the left's
defining deviancy down so as to a
much of their twisted moral conduct to
be classified as normal do you think the
same concept can be applied to the left
political conduct absolutely this is
what they're doing now the new normal is
you get to have private servers or the
new normal is Barack Obama gets to run
roughshod over the Constitution or the
new normal is every aspect of American
government gets to be twisted for
political benefit by the left absolutely
that's true
ivar right but if you had to choose a
country outside the english-speaking
world in Israel where would you want to
live and why I wouldn't really want to
live outside of the english-speaking
world I mean I assume that there's
there's you know there are some places
in Europe that are not english-speaking
that seem like they're relatively nice
Italy seems like a fun place to live
when I visited there it was it was nice
I haven't been to enough countries to
give you a great a great answer to that
but honestly I'd prefer to just stake
out my own country and buy an island and
then started anew and I would have a
couple of rules right and basically
would be that everyone who no taxes
except for a very very low a very low
voluntary tax for defense no business
taxes and we would quickly become the
most powerful country on planet Earth
Michael writes did you choose the thug
life or did the thug life choose you the
thug life chose me I was just walking
down the street and it grabbed me okay
Andrew my father
age 50 thinks that Reagan's prediction
has come true and his generation was
truly the last free generation that
socialism is here no majority believes
in small government anymore do you agree
with this well I think the evidence
tends to show that there's truth to that
but that doesn't mean that we can't
react eight people and fix this I think
that most Americans don't know anything
about economics I think most Americans
don't know what socialism means they
think that Denmark is a socialist
country Denmark is a more
business-friendly country than we are
they ranked 11th on the Heritage
Foundation's list of business
friendliness because they have virtually
no tariffs and they have very low
business tax rates socialism is is
government ownership of the means of
production democratic socialism is the
idea that you're gonna redistribute
massive amounts of wealth from private
producers but both of those stink and if
we just educate people about that I do
think there's a shot otherwise I
wouldn't be in this business hey Ben
what is your opinion of recycling is it
legitimately helpful or leftist garbage
no pun intended so I'm not an expert on
recycling I will say the people in LA
treat it like it's it like it's a part
of the the leftist Catechism like if you
put
if you put a plastic bottle in the
garbage hell will come for ye it doesn't
matter that most of this stuff ends up
in the landfill anyway I mean even a lot
of the stuff that's supposed to be
recycled isn't recycled it goes to the
landfill it actually produces more it
option produces other waste products to
recycle it create it costs a lot of
energy to recycle because you have to
break down stuff that be cheaper to make
new so their actual energy costs in all
of that but it doesn't matter it's
become part of the leftist catechism
jessica says what is your opinion on the
free the delegate movement good bad
obsolete is this something delegates
should be pursuing so my opinion is
there's sort of the normative in the
descriptive I don't think that the free
that elegant movement is going to
succeed I don't think there's anything
illegitimate about the frayed the
delegate movement because I don't think
that the delegations in the first place
are particularly democratic on any level
I think Donald Trump won 33% in South
Carolina and won one hundred percent of
the delegates I think Ted Cruz didn't
even have a popular primary in Colorado
and 100 percent of the delegates the
delegate system is not meant to reflect
the popular will really the delegate
system is meant to allow the party
bosses to basically pick who they think
should run and so long as that's the
case I mean if you're gonna have a
corrupt system then you may as well
corrupt it in favor of the good at least
that's the case the Trump stirs keep
making okay Vince says if liberal states
and cities can become sanctuaries for
illegal immigrants why can't a state
like Texas declare itself a sanctuary
for the unborn and refused to follow the
recent SCOTUS decision regarding the
regulation of abortion clinics well okay
so legally there's a legal question and
a moral question morally they should do
this obviously legal there's nothing in
the Constitution that says the state
can't do this legally speaking the
difference is the federal government
saying to the state government that it
is illegal for there to be legal
immigrants in the country there's actual
laws the state government cannot be made
into an arm of the federal government
they have to voluntarily acquiesce in
that the same is not true with abortion
and abortion the idea is that the state
the federal government will come in and
enforce the woman's ability to have an
abortion so you see in a way it's the
sanctuary for the unborn but the
question is really what the federal
government is going to do about it and
the federal government is going to is
going to say it's not a matter of the
federal government making the state into
an agent of its will it's the federal
government trying to overcome the state
in order to ensure what it sees as a
constitutional right falsely and
and wrongly Louie says whenever rights
are taken away from employees and
whatever products are hazardous or
dangerous to customers to what extent
should the government step in
by the way can Lindsey have her own
podcast or make a cameo on the show
Lindsey's made a cameo on the show
before gang and I understand that you're
addicted to Lindsey I understand you
just can't get over the fact that
Lindsey's here I understand that she's
the only female in a 50-mile radius but
Lindsey can't do a cameo every single
time II just watch the beginning when we
do Facebook laughs just watch us on
Facebook live Lindsey's on screen doing
my makeup and dancing around crazily and
you can watch Lindsey doing all of those
things if you if you watch the Facebook
live or if you subscribe we do this
sometimes and as far as when rights are
taken away from employees you don't get
to violate anybody else's rights the
government has a role in preventing
people from violating the rights of
others okay that's all the time that we
have for the mailbag but we will be act
next week with more crazy news
apparently Donald Trump is talking about
making Ivanka his vice president which I
desperately hope happens because I mean
come on we just have to we have to make
this election cycle as crazy as humanly
possible we have to we have to so it
should so we'll see how crazy cuts over
the weekend we will be back Monday I'm
Ben Shapiro this is the Ben Shapiro show
