Democrat candidate for gangster-like
president Hillary Clinton is joyfully
celebrating the conclusion of the FBI's
criminal investigation into her use of a
private email server Yahoo she crowed at
her latest campaign stop the FBI says I
am extremely careless with classified
material and may even have violated the
law but I will not be prosecuted this is
a banner day for me and for America
touring the country with President
Barack Obama mrs. Clinton told a crowd
of wildly cheering New York Times
reporters quote I have told you
repeatedly that I never knowingly sent
any classified emails and today the FBI
has completely confirmed that I
knowingly sent classified emails over a
hundred times I've told you again and
again I dutifully turned over all
relevant emails to investigators and now
the FBI has shown beyond the shadow of
the doubt that I was just so lying about
that too but the main point is I'm not
going to be prosecuted so hip-hip-hurray
and you should elect me president
unquote pointing to President Obama mrs.
Clinton said you know eight years ago
this man humiliated me in front of the
entire country and yet when he needed me
to lie for him about the causes of the
Benghazi killings hi live like a house
on fire and that's why I'm standing
before you today completely unindicted
in fact when I think back to my marriage
to Bill I realized that letting a man
humiliate me and then lying to protect
him has been a path to power for me all
along so I just want to say to every
girl in America let your men humiliate
you and then live for them and you too
could one day not be indicted in an
interview later with CNN anchorwoman
Thawne toady a smiling mrs. Clinton said
quote from very early on in my political
career a vast right-wing conspiracy has
been trying to destroy me
they said my husband was an adulterer
that I accepted money from the heads of
foreign governments while in office that
I knowingly lied about the causes of the
Benghazi massacre and that I mishandled
classified materials and all those
things were true in fact when you think
about it it's been a very honest
conspiracy but the only important point
is that they said I was above the law
and that has also turned out to be true
so yay for me
unquote in the wake of the FBI's report
President Obama through his full support
to mrs. Clinton saying quote this is a
woman who's probably allowed America's
which to be hacked by our enemies but no
one can prove it so I'm behind her 100%
unquote some Clinton supporters voiced
concerns that Republican candidate
Donald Trump would take advantage of the
FBI revelations of mrs. Clinton's
habitual dishonesty and corruption mr.
Trump responded to these concerns by
putting on a clown suit setting himself
on fire and riding a unicycle off the
roof of an office building while
screaming I hate blacks and Jews poles
now show Trump trailing Clinton by 300
percentage points although both
candidates are pulling behind OJ Simpson
and tapeworms trigger warning and this
is the Andrew Evans oh let's elect our
president I know Liz all right it's
mailbag day Yahoo
you see we Lindsay ISM here we don't
have somebody to say woo Hoos are you
guys that was terrible and mailbag day
comes at the end of the show so you have
to stick with us if you're watching live
on Facebook you only get 15 minutes then
you got to come to the Daily wire to
hear the rest of the show and if you
want to watch the show or contribute to
next week's mailbag you have to
subscribe part gun claw your hands from
your lousy eight bucks and sign on to
the shows or you can watch and be part
of the mail and while I'm selling you
things I don't why your hands been open
from your money for a moment go on
Amazon and please pre-order my memoir
the great good thing a secular Jew comes
to faith in Christ every week I get
questions in the mailbag about my point
of view my religious point of view the
entire story is there I think you'll
really like it I think it's a really
good book alright we've all had time to
think and reflect and weep for the end
of the rule of law what happened
yesterday as Comey said that he you know
that Hillary Clinton had violated the
law but she was not going to be
prosecuted first of all I want to say
right now my point of view is that Comey
is an honest man I don't call for any
conspiracy theories I don't think he was
blackmailed I don't think he was
intimidated I don't think you intimidate
a guy like call me quickly don't I think
you know if I put myself in his position
there is nothing they could come to me
with where I wouldn't say you
they said oh we're gonna reveal that you
did this terrible thing I would go
before the press and say they
blackmailed me
you know publish and be damned and I
think Comey is a tough guy I think he's
a guy with a reputation for honesty I
don't think he was backing down at all I
think he was being absolutely
straightforward in saying that he did
not believe that someone in Hillary
Clinton's position was going to be
indicted he then went forward and he
said he addressed every single thing
that she has told the press in the
public and showed it to be untrue
our friends at reason.com put up this
this tape just comparing his statements
to her statements I did not email any
classified material to anyone
there is no classified material 110
emails in 52 email chains have been
determined by the owning agency to
contain classified information at the
time they were sent or received I
provided all my emails that could
possibly be work-related several
thousand work-related emails that were
not among the group of 30,000 email is
returned by Secretary Clinton I thought
using one device would be simpler she
also used numerous mobile devices to
send and to read email there were no
security breaches it is possible that
hostile actors gained access to
secretary Clinton's personal email
account it was my practice to
communicate with State Department and
other government officials on their
dot-gov accounts the hostile actors
gained access to the private commercial
email accounts of people with whom
Secretary Clinton was in regular contact
from her personal account no doubt that
we've done exactly what we should have
done they were extremely careless in
their handling like very sensitive
highly classified information people
will be able to judge for themselves
we cannot find a case that would support
bringing criminal charges on these facts
to be clear this is not to suggest that
in similar circumstances a person who
engaged in this activity would face no
consequences Americans will find that
you know interesting and I look forward
to having a discussion about that so
basically every word out of the woman's
mouth is untrue is a knowing lie and and
listen to the way that Comey addressed
each one I mean the guy is a smart guy
he wasn't doing that accidentally he was
saying to you you know if you've got a
somebody who hasn't got endless
resources what the law enforcement
typically does they did this to Dinesh
D'Souza is they come to you and say we
have enough charges to put you away for
20 years but if you plead guilty we'll
give you six months that's what they did
to Dinesh D'Souza and you look at that
and you think am I gonna go you know
live with 15 20 years in prison hanging
over my head for the next two years
while I go to trial and sit in a trial
and all this stuff no I'm gonna plead
guilty even though I didn't do it or you
know maybe I did do something wrong
they've got enough on me to get me for
something that's not gonna work with
Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton has got
you know hundreds of millions of dollars
to spend no one's gonna touch her
nothing's gonna happen Comey knows that
and he's being a realistic prosecutor
and he's getting justice I mean that I
think the only thing that he did that
was strategic
instead of just doing his job was give
that press conference because he could
have handed it over to Loretta Lynch in
the Justice Department and said look my
ultimate recommendation is that you're
not going to nail her so don't spend the
public's money going after her that
would have been a totally honest totally
reasonable thing to do but he knew he
knew these people would bury it and
exonerate her and their prÃªt and their
big shout line as we say in Hollywood
would be you know she's guilt she is
innocent there's no charges and that
would be the story he did not let that
happen he came out and did exactly the
right thing he exposed her at every step
everything she said every word she said
was a lie and now everybody knows it
politically just talking about this as a
political event if you are a Donald
Trump supporter or if you're
simply a never Hilary person or somebody
who just wants to see the Republicans
win this is the best thing that could
have happened to you best thing this is
like if you're sitting around and
complaining about this politically I can
understand complaining about it from a
rule of law perspective but if you're
complaining about it politically you're
out of your mind because if he indict
sir if he recommends indictment and they
indict her she goes down she resigns and
Joe Biden and probably Elizabeth Warren
become the candidates and the cream
Donald Trump I mean there's no visit you
know despite all the gaffes and the fact
that he has the IQ of a turnip
you know Biden is a popular guy he's
friendly the both sides liked him in
that in the house and the Senate you
know they're not gonna they're not gonna
stab him the way they're gonna go after
Hillary Hillary has made a lot of
enemies she's even made enemies in the
press I mean the fact that you know
there are people in the press the elites
who think she's one of them and they
love her but they have lied and treated
the press like dirt and there are people
in the media even who don't like her
she's the best candidate we're gonna get
it anybody if Trump can beat anybody and
there's a goal that's questionable but
if he can beat anybody she's the one so
we should be perfectly you know if
you're if you're in favor of the
Democrats being defeated as I am never
mind whether you're in favor of Trump
being elected this is the best political
outcome that you could get Trump knows
it too I think Trump handled this really
well yesterday first of all listen to
what to who he appeals to and this shows
you something about Trump being kind of
canny maybe even canny er than the
people who are attacking him so it's
play Trump talking about Bernie that not
the O'Reilly one the other one who is
the most angry about this I think the
one with the most to lose is Bernie
Sanders because honestly he was waiting
for the FBI primary and guess what he
just lost today the FBI primary he lost
the FBI primary burning my poor Bernie
Oh Bernie I feel so badly for birdie but
you know what a lot of Bernie Sanders
supporters are going to be voting for
Trump because Bernie Sanders was right
Bernie Sanders was right about a couple
of things he's right about the system
being rigged but he's also right about
trade our trade deals are a disaster
they're killing our jobs they're killing
our families they're killing our incomes
I mean people in this room many people
in this room and I'm gonna fight for you
because it's gonna be changed fast many
people in this room are making less
money today than they made
18 years ago okay so think about what
Trump sees here okay he doesn't say like
oh I got burned Trump has been saying
while everybody's been attacking Trump
has been saying the election hasn't
started yet and those of us who pay
attention to politics think that's crazy
he's right
he is right nobody's paying attention
nobody is paying attention that kind of
you know Trump is a cloud car so they're
paying attention to that it's
interesting Hillary the line Hillary is
interesting and all that stuff but
nobody is really thinking about this yet
there's a lot of the country who's going
to vote for Hillary no matter what a lot
of the people are going to pull the
Republican lever no matter what but
those few people who are in-between who
decide elections in this country like is
it you know I think it's time for the
Bachelorette you know they're paying
attention to what he knows what he knows
is the people who are angriest angriest
about this are not Trump supporters
because Trump is best shot is about
he'll aides against Hillary Trump's best
shot is against Hillary that so Trump
supporters aren't upset Bernie
supporters and these people you know
everybody's covering the disjunction in
the Republican Party as if nothing were
going on in the Democrat Party but the
Democrat Party is very very dissatisfied
they don't like their candidate they
like Bernie there are all these
idealistic young people who think don't
haven't gotten the big word yet about
socialism and the whole slavery and
dishonesty and collapse thing they
haven't heard about that yet okay so
they're you know they're they love their
Bernie and they they're the ones who got
cheated he knows it and he's going out
there and he's appealing to them plus
the other thing that's going on is a
battle of the brands and this is the
thing this is the thing that happens
both
for the election to takes place this is
where Mitt Romney lost the election
while Mitt Romney was sitting around
wondering about policy and wondering
about this who he's gonna have his
running mate Barack Obama was branding
him as a plutocratic uncaring guy who
beat up gay people in high school and
put his dog on the roof all that
branding was being done way way in
advance and Trump is a master of that so
here's Trump with O'Reilly just just
kind of getting at the visceral feeling
of this whole event the visceral feeling
of what it's like when Hillary gets off
with all these laws she knew what was
going on and frankly even if she didn't
what she did was wrong and you know
whether you had intent or not is not the
defining characteristic of this you can
make a mistake and you're still guilty
you know because you talking about
national security and there are a lot of
reasons for guilt so it's very very
surprising I said me I think it's really
surprising and I'm not just talking
about from today from director Comey I'm
talking about generally speaking people
would say there's no way she can avoid
this because of what's happened to other
people but you believe that she did it
on purpose don't you well I certainly
believe something strange happened
because when you put your servers in
basements and when you you know look at
all look at all of the information that
was just wiped clean whether it by layer
or anybody else and I just look at it
and we know that she had you know
classified information on her server
and she says she didn't have classified
information on her service so when you
look at all of the facts
she certainly arrived at a minimum she
lied and you're not supposed to be lying
when you're dealing at this level and
then you have the husband going around
of the tarmac and I've been on a lot of
Tom Mac's and nobody ever runs into your
plane and he talked for 39 minutes about
his grandchildren and about golf it's
not the way right is it okay we've got
to say goodbye to all our viewers on
Facebook come over to the Daily wire and
watch some more and subscribe and you
can keep watching and be in the mailbag
so trumpet gets gets exactly what people
say I mean exactly what people see
something just strange the
servers in the basement the meetings on
the tarmac with Clinton this is dirty
stuff and we know she lied we know she
lied so he's branding her as crooked
Hillary if you don't think you know what
what Hilary's doing is branding Trump as
racist Trump and that gets a lot that
has a lot of weight because Trump is a
big mouth and he's not politically
correct I don't actually think Trump is
a racist I think he scurrilous Lee winks
and nods at people who are racists at
white supremacist and anti-semites I
think he gives them the wink and the nod
but his history is not like that you
know he he's supposed to be anti female
he's promoted women in the construction
industry where they don't get a lot of
promotions or didn't in in his day when
he was really doing it he has been
absolutely fine about the Jews his
daughters of Jummah read to a Jew and
all the sudden you know that's not
that's not who he is but she she's
branded in that way I mean Mitt Romney
is not an uncaring plutocrat but they
branded him that way okay so she has
succeeded in branding him as racist and
sexist he has succeeded in branding her
as crooked and if you don't think he has
watched this this is from an alt house
and also has a wonderful legal blog and
she caught ABC's Martha Raddatz reading
one of trumps tweets and you have to
watch this but I'll describe it when we
get back from it just play the N Raddatz
quote as she reads a Trump tweet Donald
Trump as well and it does have resonance
he said it is impossible for the FBI not
to recommend criminal charges against
crooked Hillary Clinton what she did was
wrong
what Bill did was stupid I trust will
hear a lot more about that and as she's
reading if they're showing the Trump
tweet and she says a charges against
crooked Hillary Clinton the word crooked
isn't even there she sees it but it's
not there so if you hear that's a
dollhouse caught that that's great
because you know if you don't think this
brand is working and in the end in the
end which is worse obviously being
crooked is worse and I think the Trump
knows what you know he knows what he's
doing he has a feel for this he I think
he's lost his footing a little bit in
the general election but you know it's a
question of whether he'll find it again
he can be clownish the press is gonna
seize on everything he does to pull the
news cycle away from her corruption but
her corruption is pretty ripe so that's
the politics of it in terms of the
of law you know Andy McCarthy my friend
is great you know federal federal
prosecutor friend of Comey he came out
and he hit Co me pretty hard he said in
essence in order to give mrs. Clinton a
pass the FBI rewrote the statute
inserting an intent element that
Congress did not require the added
intent element moreover makes no sense
the point of having a statute that
criminalizes gross negligence is to
underscore that government officials
have a special obligation to safeguard
national defense secrets when they
failed to carry out that obligation due
to gross negligence they're guilty of
serious wrongdoing the lack of an intent
to harm our country is irrelevant people
never intend the bad things that happen
to to gross negligence we made this
point yesterday but the point is the
point is it doesn't matter if he thought
he wasn't going to get an indictment
there was no point in him going in and
recommending an indictment his point was
that normally this doesn't happen
normally people don't get prosecuted if
they can't prove intent you know the
important thing here the important thing
is that if we lived in a country that
was working well what Comey did would
have destroyed Hillary Clinton yesterday
to point out that many lies repeated
lies less than that less than that
destroyed Richard Nixon remember Richard
Nixon resigned he didn't you know he
wasn't thrown out he resigned because he
had a sense of honor instead we have
Barack Obama the president getting up
and making speeches saying this is the
most qualified person and it's so
damning it's damning of him it's damning
of their party it's damning of the media
and it's damning of the country it's
damning of the country that somebody can
be shown to lie and lie and lie and
still stand before a cheering crowd and
and as a candidate for president of the
United States
you know nobody here is going to defend
Donald Trump's dishonesty but Donald
Trump has been dishonest with his
business Hillary Clinton has been
dishonest with our business and that is
far far worse the fact that commis
speech did not immediately destroy her
is a condemnation really of the entire
country where we are alright time for
the mailbag yeah
okay the Meher leg we start we got a
video question you know we're very
excited I think this is our first video
question it is from warrior woman and
and warrior friend I guess this is due
let's hear what they pass hi I'm Kelly
and I'm Theresa my question is how do
you think that directors like Peter
Jackson go from such tremendous highs
with Lord of the Rings to such
disastrous and categorical lows with
movies like The Hobbit and my question
is do you believe that the female lead
in Star Wars rogue one is going to be a
marry suit with these feminists okay
first the first question about Peter
Jackson the answers is pretty
self-evident the way you can find out
the answer is by watching any director's
cut and then watching the original cut
the director's cut is almost universally
almost inevitably worse when the
director is allowed to do what he wants
without commercial considerations
without storytelling considerations he
makes a worse film Peter Jackson started
out he made a terrific terrific little
movie called heavenly creatures about a
true-crime that happened he then went on
to make Lord of the Rings when he made
Lord of the Rings the studio said to him
none of these movies can go over a
certain length and he cut and cut and
cut them to get them under that
certainly that it was three hours of
each one had to be three hours long and
that's what made those pictures great he
had he was reined in he had to be he was
edited by the studio he's released it
since with the added material and it's
boring and it's long and it's overdone
once he was that successful nobody could
tell him what to do nobody could stop
him and that's why his movies became
just utterly endless I mean if you watch
King Kong King Kong is a fascinating
film it he did the net Naomi Watts can
come if you cut 15 seconds to a minute
out of each scene of King Kong it's a
brilliant movie but each scene is too
long each and those are the tough
decisions that people make and our
artists unfortunately don't make them
unless they have someone's standing over
them forcing them to make them I have my
wife but most directors have a studio
when the studio loses control of the
director they always do that as the
question of a MarySue to me Mary Sue for
those who don't know is a carrot
who is just practically perfect in every
way it's like you know the character
who's just too good too smart too clever
and solves everybody's problem will they
have a Mary Sue in the neck Star Wars
movie that was the accusation against
the last Star Wars movie that the girl
in that wasn't Mary Sue my my feeling is
that all female heroines are Mary Sue's
at this point to be perfectly honest
with you the minute they start fighting
and beating up men and not you know
punching man and the man goes flying
across the room I just think like you
know that's not what women do and it's
not where their superpowers are you know
like I'm perfectly happy to follow a
female heroine if I can at least relate
to her plus it doesn't help women you
know because well the funny thing about
women is women look at Barbie and think
like oh my I don't have a nice body men
look at Superman and think yeah I'm just
like that you know the insecurities the
insecurities comes from within you know
I don't think it helps but I you know I
really think that Mary Sue's are an
actual problem with all heroines in in
superhero movies especially all right
from Casey hey Andrew thanks for hosting
an awesome podcast it is my pleasure my
question as a Christian how would you
explain to an atheist that moral
relativism is not true is there such a
thing as an absolute truth and when you
say absolute truth you mean absolute
moral truth that says thanks PS I
listened to your show before Benz to get
me in a good mood for half before heavy
my butt torn to bits by the chainsaw of
reality what I love about that is if
Shapiro here that he'd laugh you know
yeah alright moral relativism great
question one of the big big issues of
our time one of the big problems you
know if you ask almost any college
student they will tell you that nothing
is what Hamlet said when he was
pretending to be crazy
nothing is either good or bad but
thinking makes it so it's just our
culture that gives us moral morals they
are not absolute moral truth is what's
called an axiom in math you have axioms
those are things that can't be proved
but you can't prove anything else
without them so I believe that classic
mathematical axiom is if a plus B equals
C
then I don't even know if a plus B
equals C then B plus a we'll see that's
it that's an axiom it's obvious it's
self-evident that's why they wrote you
know Thomas Jefferson wrote we hold
these truths to be self-evident but you
can't prove it you can't prove it to be
true so the question each person has to
ask himself in his heart that the Nazis
tortured children they just cut them to
pieces while the children were alive
people have given beggars bread out of
their own food they've given they've
shared their food with beggars the
question you have to ask yourself is is
one of those worse morally worse than
the other take the most extreme the most
extreme situation because it's true at
the center does it matter you know
whether you know you marry one wife or
two wives it's arguable that's arguable
that can be in a culture but is it worse
to torture a child to death
morally than it is to give a beggar
bread that's that's the extreme issue if
you think that it is worse if you think
that it is worse even in a world that is
populated solely by Nazis
you have the axiom of moral truth and
once you get there god you cannot get
away from God see most people don't
think this through they think they can
have morals they think it's what's good
for Humanity but they don't ask
themselves why should you do what's good
for Humanity they think well it's the
most useful thing and the most
reasonable thing but why should you do
the most reasonable thing instead of the
thing that benefits you you know there's
always another step to moral logic you
have to if you think that the most
extreme evil is evil all the time and
and by the way all people think this all
people think this if they tell you they
don't think it they are lying the people
who say oh no and Nazi torturing a child
is just the same as a priest giving a
beggar bread it's just a question of
where you're brought up it's just a
question of how you're raised just a
question of your culture anyone who says
that to you is lying he knows it in his
heart and so once you have that axiom
once you have the axiom just like
mathematics you can build the rest of
the moral system on it that's how I
became a Christian by the way as you can
read in my book the great good thing but
that was the only leap of faith I took
was that I was not willing to say as the
Marquis de Sade
yeah those things are the same those
things are morally the same and they is
it's just a question of called
it's not we all know it's not it's just
a question of getting people to admit it
all right from David Ben doesn't like
Malthus haircut what's your opinion on
the best kind of haircut first of all I
can have no that's like asking a
Bachelor about married life I can have
no I will say this I will say this when
I heard that Malthus had gotten a
haircut I geared up to give him holy
hell I thought this is gonna be so much
fun and he got this peaky blinders
haircut you know if you see P curve line
where he shaves the sides close and then
he gets this big thing on top but I have
to say I thought it looked rather
becoming on so I was I went easy on him
so you knew Ben was gonna like go for
his throat because like I came out but I
thought it was pretty good so I I think
any haircut that suits your face you
should just get down on your knees and
thank Heaven that you have any hair
whatsoever should we take one more yeah
we kind of running out of time but
here's what's your favorite Bible first
I get this ask this a lot if this is
from Michael hi Andrew what's your
favorite bible verse the one that I
really that always pops into my mind
it's really silly because there's so
many beautiful verses in the Bible so
much of our language comes out of the
Bible but the one verse that always
comes to my mind and I know Sean Hannity
uses it all the time is from John 14:27
peace I leave with you this is Jesus
speaking he says my peace I give to you
not as the world gives do I give to you
let not your hearts be troubled neither
let them be afraid and then afterwards
he endorsed Donald Trump oh wait that
was Hannity all right
there's something else I want to talk
about today that happened over the
weekend the July 4th weekend and it
plays into stuff I like over the July
4th weekend there was a Twitter hashtag
America was never great obviously a
response to Trump's slogan make America
great again America was never great and
normally I don't respond to these things
as I said on my blog when I step in dog
crap I don't have a debate with it I
just scrape it off my shoe and keep on
walking
but in this case I felt that this
summarizes what the left basically
thinks and it's something that hit its
high water mark when brah
Obama said he was going to fundamentally
transform our country because a lot of
us were thinking like really you're
gonna fundamentally transform the freest
richest safest you know most powerful
country on earth
thanks Barack you know great that's
that's really great could you go away
now please you know but this is what the
left has been selling you know they have
this book the Howard Zinn history of
America that they sell to people that is
just basically our sins we killed the
Indians we enslave the blacks we did
this we did that we started the war we
drop the bomb on Hiroshima it's our
fault that we weren't nice to the
Communists all this stuff and this is
based on this idea that the Communists
came up with basically that once
communism failed once we saw that it
inevitably whether it's communism or
Bernie Sanders socialism it leads to
slavery and chaos we see it happening in
Venezuela now they found they figured
out well then we won't we won't
criticize attack socialism we won't
judge socialism will just attack
everything else they call it critical
theory but that's a little bit unfair to
critical theory which started out as a
philosophical thing but the idea is they
just criticize they just say oh you did
this you did that and my question to you
is this what would your life be like if
you looked at it that way if you looked
at the time you failed as a parent or he
failed as a child as a son or daughter
if you looked at the time as you lied or
were cruel or snapped at somebody you
know obviously your life would look
pretty bad but then if you look at your
achievements you suddenly say oh well I
did do this I did do that I raised
wonderful children I did you know take
my mother out on Mother's Day I did all
these wonderful things that's how a
culture ultimately is judged I mean
nobody would look at Germany who which
did terrible things in the 20th century
was just the sort of source of a lot of
the horror in the 20th century and not
say oh you know this Germany was a great
country what made the Holocaust so
horrible was the greatness of Germany
and that it was a civilized country
America has done more for the cause of
freedom than any country really since
maybe maybe England maybe Greece you
know I mean it's been along but it's
certainly right up there when America
started there was there were no
non monarchical republics in the world
where now every country that wants any
kind of legitimacy has to call itself a
republic even North Korea which is a
hellhole they call themselves other were
the Republic of North Korea that's
because of us
the Bill of Rights the things that were
put into law on the Bill of Rights
freedom of speech freedom of religion
these things were codified in the way
they never had been before and they
changed the world we there's not one
country on earth not one free country
that doesn't owe a debt of gratitude to
the United States of America we defeated
Nazism we defeated communism we showed
the way that capitalism can bring people
out of poverty it really this country
has been an astoundingly great country
an astoundingly great country no
question no question that the resettling
of the continent which was going to
happen anyway the minute somebody
civilized and with guns showed up no
question that there were bad things that
happened with the Indians there were bad
things that the Indians did to whites
and no question that slavery was a great
evil but but you cannot judge a country
by the bad thing it does bad things it
does and that brings me to the stuff I
like which is this is my gift to you if
you have never read the flash 'men
novels by George MacDonald Fraser they
are a series of comic adventure novels
about a coward a coward who is
accidentally involved in every great
battle of the 19th century and they are
history told as it really is
now here let me just read to you before
we end here is flash Minh he's this
terrible coward he's in a club and
somebody starts talking about how mean
the Yankees the Americans have been to
the Indians how mean they've been to the
Indians but of course since he's been in
every battle he's been in the Indian
Wars both as an Indian and as a white
man he has been both because he's in
every possible battle and flash Minh
blows up and he says now see here you
merely little pimp he says to this guy I
had just about a belly full of your
pious hypocritical Mon during if you
think the whites were a whit more guilty
than your darling Redskins you're an
even bigger bloody fool than you look
what bleeding breast beaters like you
can't comprehend is that when selfish
frightened men in other words any men
red or white civilized or savage come
face-to-face in the middle of a
wilderness that both of them want
then war breaks out and the weaker goes
under and it's just that kind of wisdom
applied to the entire history of the
19th century it isn't an antidote to
political correctness the flash men
novels by George MacDonald Fraser you
will love them to death I'm Andrew
Clavin this is the Andrew Clavin show
it's a short week so it ends tomorrow be
here
