former president and serial molester
Bill Clinton is at it again this time he
managed to corner blandly sinister
Attorney General Loretta Lynch in a
private plane in Phoenix's Sky Harbor
Airport this despite the fact that Lynch
will soon have to decide whether to
indict Clinton's huayno or wife and name
only hillary Lynch told reporters quote
I feel so ashamed he chased me around
the plane grabbing at my principals and
squeezing my integrity even when I tried
to run away he pinched my probity
shouting come on admit it you love it
don't you Lynch went on to say quote I
have gotten dressed for the meeting in
my prettiest look of honesty and
carefully applied a mask of
incorruptibility by the time I left the
plane my dress was in tatters and my
incorruptible appearance was running
down my face and messy streaks
I felt so humiliated unquote longtime
defenders of Bill Clinton's behavior
with women rushed to the former
president's defense yet again James
Carville one time Clinton consul Gary
issued a statement saying this is just
another bimbo eruption dragged $100 bill
through the Department of Justice and
you never know what you'll find
feminists who have also routinely
defended Clinton's abuse of women once
again stood up for him Susan Faludi
author of backlash and the sequel ooh
give me some more of that backlash baby
wrote an op-ed saying if anything it
sounds to me like Loretta put the moves
on bill not the other way around alleged
journalist Nina Burleigh said quote for
a man as powerful and attractive and
sexy and appealing and sensual and
handsome as Bill Clinton I would gladly
strip off my integrity and principles
any day if I had them the New York Times
a former newspaper also followed its
usual Clinton playbook by simply not
reporting on the Loretta Lynch
molestation for three days until forced
to by the public outcry Times publisher
Beelzebub disingenuous the third said
quote normally if we don't print it it
doesn't exist but somehow this escaped
into reality we must get to work
reinforcing our magical membrane of
deception so that only Pro Democrat lies
become truth through our supernatural
powers unquote Democratic nominee for
felonious president Hillary Clinton
reacted to the Lynch assault exactly as
she had during her husband's previous
dalliance 'as and rapes privately
referring to Lynch as a bimbo
a slut and a whore adding and thank God
she is otherwise I would already be
behind bars Republican nominee for
absurd president Donald Trump dashed off
a scorching tweet about the incident
saying quote Bill Clinton is a rapist a
liar and a skunk
you got admirers game unquote as for
Loretta Lynch herself she's now vowed to
quietly return to private life right
after she gets Hillary off the hook for
her blatantly criminal behavior
Lynch added quote in spite of what Bill
did to me I still love him so so much
trigger warning I'm Andrew Klavan and
this is the Andrew Clavin show I went
out a date as I was driving to work but
what can I do I I can't write them in
and drive the car at the same time so
we've got breaking news you know I do
everything I can to avoid breaking news
I'm not the sort of person who likes
either the third person who likes to do
anything but go off half-cocked but
we're gonna have to talk about this as I
was coming in James Comey the F head of
the FBI gave his little press conference
where he said that he is not going to
recommend criminal charges against
criminal Hillary Hillary immediately
climbed to the top of a gas tower
shouting top of the world MA they'll
never get me alive and then exploded in
a ball of flame you know I've gotta
sleep here I don't know what what can I
do you know like a three-day clava last
week there's nothing but death
destruction and corruption so but I hope
you had a fabulous fourth I'm sorry if
there wasn't enough for you to eat but I
ate it all that was I don't know what
comes after me at those barbecues it's
like I'm very I'm very controlled eater
you know I have to be a controlled eater
and controlled drinker and all this
stuff but once you put a hot dog a
barbecued hot dog in my mouth it's like
I had one I might as well have 16 you
know I said what's the difference you
know it's the difference between a
thousand calories and 40,000 was the way
I spent my 4th of July while the world
was going down the drain all right we're
live on Facebook for 15 minutes but when
we get to the dirty part you'll already
be gone because we saw no but 50 when we
get to the pornographic stuff you'll be
gone because we sign off at 50
and then you can come to the daily wire
and hear us or you can subscribe and
that way you could be into Mars a short
week as tomorrow is already the mailbag
so if you want to ask questions for the
mailbag you got to subscribe and then
you can also see what we're doing
because we are doing the filthiest stuff
imaginable while we're if you're just
listening you're missing the whole thing
alright james comey so this finally the
long long saga of Hillary Clinton's
Criminal Investigation or as she called
it security review has now come kind of
to a conclusion I mean there's I still
got to go through the Justice Department
James Comey got up today and he starts
out the first thing he says and and
listen I'm not gonna do conspiracy stuff
I'm just gonna put forward narratives
because I have really just heard this
literally as I'm coming in I walk
through the door and I'm reacting right
off the top of my head and I'm not gonna
say you know this one did this or this
one to that I'm just gonna put four
things as it strikes me right away the
first thing Comey says is no one knows
what I'm about to say so already like
Comey has this incredible reputation of
everybody in Washington he probably has
the best reputation for integrity and
honesty and we have nothing here to
argue with that we have no information
that pokes a hole in that at all but he
starts out by saying no one knows what
I'm about to say a little tough for me
to believe because CNN had a source
reporting that saying there was going to
be no charges a recommend recommendation
of no charges and the fact that Obama
said in advance that he was going to be
campaigning with Hillary today I cannot
believe I cannot believe he did not know
what was gonna happen I can't believe he
was gonna be standing there with his
pants off essentially well the FBI is
saying you know arrest that woman lie
can you imagine
Obama standing at the podium while two
feds come in with a hats and all that
and just pick her up under the arms and
carry her away
that was never ever going to happen so I
you know that's a little tough for me to
believe now here is Comey well do the
first cut of him describing at length
what they did in this investigation into
Hillary's weird private email server
with respect to the thousands of emails
we found that were not among those
Joost to the State Department agencies
have concluded that three of those were
classified at the time they were sent or
received one of the secret level and two
at the confidential level there were no
additional top secret emails found and
finally none of those we found have
since been up classified I should add
here that we found no evidence that any
of the additional work-related emails
were intentionally deleted in an effort
to conceal them in some way our
assessment is that like many email users
Secretary Clinton periodically deleted
emails or emails were purged from her
system when devices were changed because
she was not using a government account
or even a commercial account like Gmail
there was no archiving at all of her
emails so it's not surprising that we
discovered emails that were not on
secretary Clinton's system in 2014 when
she produced those 30,000 some emails to
state it could also be that some of the
additional work-related emails that
we've recovered were among those deleted
as personal by her lawyers when they
reviewed and sorted her emails for
production in late 2014 the lawyers
doing the sorting for Secretary Clinton
in 2014 did not individually read the
content of all of her emails as we did
for those available to us instead they
relied on header information and they
used search terms to try to find all
work-related emails among the reportedly
more than 60,000 that were remaining on
her system at the end of 2014 it's
highly likely that their search missed
some work-related emails and that we
later found them for example in the
mailboxes of other officials or in the
slack space of a server it's also likely
that there are other work-related emails
that they did not produce to state and
that we did not find elsewhere and that
are now gone because they deleted all
emails they did not produce to state and
the lawyers then clean their devices in
such a way as to preclude complete
forensic recovery I'm sorry that does
that does that not sound like a criminal
organization to you I mean I'm sorry
like you know the lawyer
are dumping first first of all we have
to take the premise that she's using a
server and an email assistant that she
shouldn't be using right so these things
are disappearing then the lawyers go
through and search through this stuff
that is personal that they think is
print personal just by doing us an email
search like I sometimes clean out my
emails I do a little search you know
this one I don't need this one I don't
need this thing and if they decide not
to send it to the investigators they
delete it and then scrub their Mimi just
like anyone would do you know just like
I sometimes dip my computer in lye to
make sure that no one knows what I'm
doing I mean come on really
it just sounds I mean even what he is
describing sounds to me criminal in and
of itself it sounds to me that the
lawyer should have been called up if
nobody else for like destroying the
stuff that's destroying evidence and
what what's on the per what was it was
the personal stuff she was probably
trying to protect as she herself said
essentially that she was trying to
protect her personal stuff where she was
like you know selling uranium it's in
return for donations to the Clinton it's
personal hey it's personal that's my
private private hundred million dollars
that I'm taking you know to sell you
know my favors of Secretary of State
alright so he goes on and then he went
into a long period we have a just a
short cut of it but he went into a long
period where he really did slap her
around you know and I think I don't know
how to put it exactly he goes on to say
that this was negligent basically here's
here's just a brief cut of this middle
section of his speech although we did
not find clear evidence that Secretary
Clinton or her colleagues intended to
violate laws governing the handling of
classified information there is evidence
that they were extremely careless in
their handling of very sensitive highly
classified information no here's the
thing about this okay in law the intent
is intent is very important if I
accidentally walk into your house
because it's the house next to mine and
we're living in you know it's one of
those suburbs where all the houses look
alike that is not breaking and entering
I'd have to mean to break and enter into
your house you know even if you if you
scream at me and call the police and I'm
like oh geez you know I just wandered in
I'm absent-minded artist
do this kind of stuff that that's not a
crime but there is such a thing as
criminal negligence being so negligent
that it doesn't matter what you intended
to do we were talking before I came on
about some clown who left his infant in
an overheated car and then tried to cool
it down by sticking it in the freezer
and killed the kid
that's criminal negligence that's been
so stupid doing something so negligent
if I leave a gun a cocked gun around
where their toddler is that can be
criminal negligence you can say you know
hey dude you didn't mean to kill the kid
but you don't leave a gun and loaded gun
in front of a toddler that's why you
have safety precautions the law here the
US Code says whoever being an officer
employee contractor or consultant of the
United States and by virtue of his
office employment position or contract
becomes possessed of documents or
materials containing classified
information of the United States whoever
knowingly remove such documents or
materials without authority and with the
intent to retain such documents or
materials at an unauthorized location
shall be fined under this title or
imprisoned for not more than one year or
both so you know I'm not a lawyer
it just sounds to me like there was
criminal negligence here again you know
I'm not I'm not impugning commis
integrity and these things look
different from the eyes of an
investigator but obviously he's not
coming in all gangbusters on the
Democratic nominee for president he is
not opening fire here and when you know
you're it's a little hard to believe
that Loretta Lynch is gonna now come out
of her romantic entanglement with Bill
and suddenly say like I don't care what
the FBI says I'm tracking this criminal
down to her lair I'm kicking a damn door
I forget the FBI it's just not gonna
happen that not gonna happen so he is
saying and now let's let's conclude with
what he says this is his recommendation
although there is evidence of potential
violations of the statutes regarding the
handling of classified information our
judgment is that no reasonable
prosecutor would bring such a case
prosecutors necessarily weigh a number
of
actors before deciding whether to bring
charges they're obvious considerations
like the strength of the evidence
especially regarding intent responsible
decisions also consider the context of a
person's actions and how similar
situations have been handled in the past
in looking back at our investigations
into the mishandling or removal of
classified information we cannot find a
case that would support bringing
criminal charges on these facts all the
cases prosecuted involved some
combination of clearly intentional and
willful mishandling of classified
information or vast quantities of
information exposed in such a way as to
support an inference of intentional
misconduct or indications of disloyalty
to the United States or efforts to
obstruct justice we do not see those
things here to be clear this is not to
suggest that in similar circumstances a
person who engaged in this activity
would face no consequences to the
contrary those individuals are often
subject to security or administrative
sanctions but that's not what we're
deciding now as a result although the
Department of Justice makes final
decisions on matters like this we are
expressing to justice our view that no
charges are appropriate in this case all
right so so what he says is you know he
could bring charges but in the past
judging by you know previous cases they
have not brought charges without seeing
that the person was obviously trying to
obstruct justice or sell secrets by the
way he does go on at one point to say
that they have no evidence that enemies
of the United States hacked her email
but given the technical efficiency of
the enemies of the United States it's
thoroughly possible that they hacked her
emails and left no traces that they're
totally capable of doing that and he
suggests that this was an open field so
that basically he said yeah if I had to
if I were a betting man I mean this is
my translation but basically he said if
I were a betting man I would bet these
were hacked by the Russians and since a
lot of this has been released by you
know Russian
people with Russian connections there's
no question that this stuff was hacked
but he's saying that she didn't do it
intentionally there was not this intent
she's not going he's not going for the
criminal negligence idea of it now some
of you I mean my mind immediately
flashed back to General David Petraeus
that was what the first thing that comes
into my mind because if you're going
back to people who gave out classified
information now there are two big
differences with Petraeus and remember
he was they were threatened him with a
felony and he pleaded guilty to a lesser
charge he pleaded guilty to a
misdemeanor and so you say to yourself
and they were still making threats
against him so he says say to yourself
what's the difference well one thing
Petraeus
openly lied to the FBI he sat down and
lied to their faces about this covering
up his affair that he was having he had
an affair with a woman who was writing a
biography of him he gave her notebooks
with classified information in it he
lied to the FBI but the other thing is
and this is again this is not a
conspiracy theory I don't do conspiracy
theories but it is a narrative sharyl
Attkisson
was one of the best investigative
reporters at CBS News she went after
george w bush relentlessly she was
constantly getting stories into the
press about him when Obama was elected
her story started to suddenly die and
one of these key stories fast and
furious she couldn't get these things on
the CBS News they were editing stuff out
they were rejiggering her information
she finally had to quit simply to get
information out about the Obama
administration because CBS was
protecting Barack Obama from her stories
of corruption one of her key stories one
of the story she followed more closely
than ever was the Benghazi cover-up and
one of the story she added missus in her
book right this is in her book before
Petraeus the Petraeus scandal broke this
is a quote from her book meanwhile
another controversy is waiting to boil
over within the Obama administration a
sex scandal involving the CIA's Petraeus
is remember Petraeus then became head of
the CIA the timing she says is
intriguing all
after the Benghazi attacks as Petraeus's
loyalty to the administration falls into
question does everything turned sour for
the spy chief in the immediate aftermath
of the Benghazi attacks Petraeus first
draws ire from some administration
colleagues for not reading from the
Carney obama-clinton rice book of
fiction they're all out there saying oh
yeah it's a video you know because
remember Obama is selling that he's
beaten terrorism and here is terrorism
writ large in Benghazi for Americans
dead terrible attacks really violent
attacks on the CIA compound warnings
pleas for help all of this ignored by
Clinton and the State Department and
they come out and say well it was a
video and there was a spontaneous
eruption and it turns out now of course
it's an al Qaeda like attack and they
knew it all along
Petraeus wouldn't lie but Reyes kept
doing this it really ticked people off
he went in to a House Intelligence
Committee at a classified briefing and
said right away that we have full
information of suspected al Qaeda links
in this attack and that's when because
they knew a year before they knew he was
having this affair and passing
classified information that's when
suddenly the noose pulls tight you know
this is a dirty administration and it is
made all the dirtier it's it's funny
because you know Obama is not a money
corrupt guy like Clinton as Hillary
Clinton is a money corrupt and that is
the maybe the lowest form of corruption
but not the only form of corruption
Barack Obama is a true ideologue he
believes that he can supersede the
Constitution because what he is doing is
so right it's so right if only Thomas
Jefferson if only Madison knew you know
that he was the Obama that someone as
wise as Obama was going to take charge
of the country they would not have put
all this constitutional who saw in his
way and would have let him just you know
declare what is right what kind of
country who we are who we are he would
just declare who we are Petraeus got in
the way of that narrative and he went
down the drain obviously Clinton lied
and lied and lied and he has been out on
that campaign trail playing this footsie
dance you know that she does which is
she's gonna save the economy but the
economy is great she's gonna change
everything Obama does but Obama's great
you know and now Obama's out there with
her
because he's got nobody else to defend
his legacy there was no way this was
gonna come to an indictment I really
think it you know I think that Comey I
kind of have some sympathy for what he's
saying in the sense that if you're gonna
kill the Queen you got to kill the Queen
you can't just go after the Democratic
nominee for president with with criminal
negligence you know it's a fine fine he
says you know she deserved he basically
says she deserves to be sanctioned but
he ain't gonna do it so that's the
corruption let's let's move on to the
death all right we'll talk more about
this tomorrow as more information comes
in and more quotes come in and this was
really happening as I walk through the
door you know does it stink to high
heaven of conspiracy no it doesn't I
mean that's that's not the point the
point is that when you are an in an
administration that takes care of its
own and punishes its enemies punishes
them with the IRS punishes them with FBI
investigations but protects those who
stand up for them in the clinches when
you're running for re-election and you
need somebody to lie about Benghazi
Hillary is there Hillary is there and
she is going to get the full protection
of this administration whether Comey is
a part of that or he just realizes that
he is up against the wall that he would
essentially have to find her you know
not with a smoking gun but with like
blood-drenched fingernails in a body at
her feet you know maybe he just thought
look it's not worth it to go into this
controversy in an election year it's
hard to know what he's thinking boy oh
boy that just that this to me just the
description of what the lord how the
lawyers deleted the email if I'm a Fed
if I'm a g-man I'm going after him but
you know this is the way it comes out
obviously obviously Hillary's narrative
is gonna be like you know I'm clean I'm
coming I've been cleaned I've been
healed it's like yeah skirted criminal
prosecution baby but she's gonna she's
gonna be thrilled all right so that's
that's the one thing that's happening
the other thing is this happening is
over the weekend over the Clavin was
this heart-wrenching Clavin last weekend
while we were celebrating the fourth of
July most of the world was being blown
to bits by Isis so that's I mean in
Baghdad they had the deadliest bombing
this is Saturday deadliest bombing in in
several years killing somewhere close to
200 people some
the bodies over 80 of the bodies charged
so badly that they'll have to be DNA
tested just to be identified their three
suicide bombings in a 24-hour period in
Saudi Arabia one near the American
consulate and there was of course the
attack just as the weekend was coming
the attack in Turkey Ataturk
International Airport
you know CIA director John Brennan it
does seem like CIA directors have this
tendency to go off the reservation like
they have so much information on people
I think they they feel like they can't
be touched that was remember that was
what Petraeus was John Brennan is
telling the simple truth about these
attacks talking about the attack in
Turkey says they're coming after us too
as I've said recently we've made I think
some significant progress along with the
coalition partners in Syria in Iraq
where most of the Isis members are
resident right now but the Isis's
ability to continue to propagate its
narrative as well as to incite and carry
out these attacks I think we still have
a ways to go before we're able to say
that we have made some significant
progress against them in the United
States is the coalition to try to
destroy as much of this poison inside of
Syria in Iraq as possible so it would be
surprising to me that ISIL is not trying
to hit us both in the region as well as
in our homeland you know so he's saying
they they're hitting around the world
they're coming after us and there's a
debate among experts whether they're
doing this because they're losing
territory in Iraq and Syria and they are
losing territory Isis is losing
territory in Iraq and Syria or whether
they do it anyway this is part of the
plan to send out you know to send out
tendrils into the world of their
philosophy and maybe pick up a guy in
Orlando here and send over some you know
they the administration keeps calling
these lone wolf attacks there are no
lone wolf attacks this is a poisonous
octopus-like philosophy you know Brett
Stevens writes today he was he writes
about the fact that attacks in Israel
are somehow separated off from
these attacks around the world this
horrible horrible attack in where this
thirteen year old girl was slaughtered
in her bed by a Palestinian terrorist
and in fact let's let's hear a bit
Benjamin Benjamin Netanyahu telling
Israel about this horrible attack this
morning a terrorist sneaked into the
bedroom of a thirteen-year-old girl a
Lilia fiery and he murdered young girl
in in cold blood the picture of her
blood-stained room is almost too hard to
see there's a teddy bear still on her
bed a red bean bag chair some pictures
on the wall shoes tightly packed in a
bin next to her bunk bed why would any
person do this you don't murder a
sleeping child for peace you don't slit
a little girl's throat to protest a
policy you don't like you do this
because you've been brainwashed you've
been brainwashed by a warped ideology
that teaches you that this child is
inhuman we will not let barbarism defeat
humanity there is no middle ground
between beautiful our little in our
unspeakably evil murderer what he's
trying to say and what I'm trying to say
what I've been trying to say for a long
time is that it's all one thing it's not
one thing in Orlando and one thing in
Baghdad and one thing in Israel and
another thing somewhere else it's all
one thing and you know it the quiet it
is Islamism that is the face of evil in
our time Islamism is the face of evil in
our time and the question is does it
grow up naturally from Islam or is it a
cancer on Islam that's something that
has to be debated openly by experts and
people who know that is the question
but it's all the face of evil which
brings me to the other thing that you
allowed to happen over this claim last
weekend I don't know how I can keep
watch over you people but you allowed
Elie Wiesel to die
he was an old man and it was his time
but you know elie wiesel was a voice for
Humanity but also he was obviously he
survived the death camps the Nazi death
camps in Auschwitz and Buchenwald and he
wrote this incredible book night and
that's gonna that's my stuff I like is
this book night and the thing is night
is just a very flat very monotone
description of what happened to him as a
little boy he was given the Nobel Peace
Prize which of course has now been
rendered meaningless by having given it
to Barack Obama but at the time maybe it
meant something and here's a little
piece of his speech as he talks about
his being sent to the death camps and
his family of course being wiped out I
remember it happened yesterday or
eternities ago a young Jewish boy
discovered the kingdom of night I
remember his bewilderment I remember his
anguish it'll happen so fast the ghetto
the deportation the sealed cattle car
the fiery altar upon which the history
of our people and the future of mankind
were meant to be sacrificed I remember
he asked his father can this be true
this is the 20th century not the Middle
Ages who would allow such crimes to be
committed how could the world remain
silent and now he says the boy is
turning to me the young Elie Wiesel is
turning to the present Elie Wiesel
saying tell me he asks what have you
done with my future what have you done
with your life and I tell him that I've
tried but I've tried to keep memory
alive that I've tried to fight those who
would forget because if we forget we are
guilty we are accomplices and then I
explained to him how naive we were that
the world did not know and remain silent
you know part of forgetting is
romanticism is sentiment
one of the reasons one of my least
favorite films in the world is
Schindler's List you know I know that's
a terrible thing to say people think
shouldn't was list what a wonderful
wonderful movie and of course Spielberg
is a spectacular director he's a
talented talented director not a very
profound thinker he has a philosophy
that he expresses both in Saving Private
Ryan and in Schindler's List that
this kind of crummy Freudian idea that
the Nazis identified Jews with their
internal feminine self and we're trying
to kill that femininity in themselves
and some it's it's Freudian theory you
know fine
but it's it's putting aside it's
rendering to psychology what belongs to
morality it's putting inside the face of
evil because that's what this is the
story of night the reason I find
Schindler's List a bad movie is because
it places an act of Gentile mercy at the
center of the Holocaust there was no
mercy it allows you to romanticize and
dream that you would have been the one
who stood up for the Jews you would not
have stood up for the Jews you would
have stood by silently either while they
were killed and so would I have and so
would we all that's that's the lie of
that kind of sentiment and it's a way
that humanity Hughes's uses to forget
the butter utter blackness and darkness
that occurs when evil is allowed to run
free and that is why you know it's not
for hatred of Muslim people certainly
not it's certainly not why people like
me to keep crying out that we have to
name the enemy that we have to point to
the enemy that we have to challenge the
people who are surrounded by the enemy
to stand up to them because evil doesn't
you know you know I say this both to the
alt-right and to the Obama left you know
evil loves silence evil loves irony it
loves irony it loves when you're so
sophisticated that you don't know
there's such a thing as evil that you
can laugh that you can make anti-semitic
jokes and you're you know private place
because you are so you're so elite and
you're so sophisticated that you can
make these jokes but you don't really
mean them you know it's just listen
evil loves that stuff it loves it evil
requires a seriousness of purpose and
courage to stand up to it Elie Wiesel
had that read night if you haven't read
it it's you can read it in a day it's so
short and yet it's so profound when you
look into that darkness you realize that
that life is serious you know I'm
somebody who loves to joke around and
kit around but at the edges
life is not fooling around it is serious
stuff evil is out there it is out there
in the hearts of our public officials
when they allow corruption to spread it
is out there in the hearts
our public officials when they will not
name the face of death that is coming
after us and it's out there of course
and the people who deal death around the
world and here as well
Elie Wiesel stood up against it god
bless him I'm sure he will
I'm Andrew Clavin this is the Andrew
Clavin show we're gonna have a lot to
talk about in this short week but we
will be here to talk about it be here
tomorrow
