they actually can't run on civility do
you remember here is Jim Acosta trying
to pretend that the Republicans are the
violent ones I have to tell you Don when
the president made that joke about
Virgie and Forte assaulting Ben Jacobs I
looked over to the crowd there was one
gentleman a Trump supporter in the crowd
who was doing pro wrestling moves doing
body slam tight gestures in the crowd so
the crowd was obviously eating this
stuff up and people wonder whether or
not there's a cause and effect whether
or not the president's rhetoric you know
plant seeds of violence's and its own
supporters it is Oh Kraus you don't need
the president's rhetoric to plant seeds
of violence you don't see seeds of
violence in the conservative side you
see at 2:00 presumably left-wing vandals
throwing a gigantic rock through a GOP
congressional leader Kevin McCarthy's
office window that just happened that
story just broke you saw that hysterical
man-baby
screeching at Mitch McConnell and the
restaurants like what get out of the
country go home please stop it you see
Maxine Waters calling on Democrats she's
an elected Democrat calling on her
supporters to assault her ass
Republicans in the street at restaurants
where they live where their children
sleep Eric Holder did the same thing
Hillary Clinton did the same thing Jim
Acosta doesn't talk about that though
does he
so they can't even run on civility they
can't even run on that and so they're
running vaguely on rhetoric they're
basically just running against the
tweets they're running because they
don't like Trump and I'm telling you I
have been on campaigns that have tried
to run against the other guy I've been
on campaigns that have just offered a
negative vision they don't go anywhere
they don't win even if the candidates
better than the other guy they don't win
you have to offer
a positive message you can ding them too
you can go negative you can hit people
but you have to offer them something if
you're just running against the other
guy the other guy is gonna win because
the show is about him everybody is
talking about him no press is bad press
if you're just running because he's a
bad guy who are you why should I give
you my vote you're always you're just
voting for him so they're making a huge
mistake there
