so good news now that the Department of
Justice can't find any evidence that
people are acting according to racist
motivations they will be delving into
the unconscious of their employees
reuters reported yesterday that more
than 33,000 federal agents and
prosecutors will receive training aimed
at preventing unconscious bias from
influencing their law enforcement
decisions Department officials told
Reuters the bias prevention plans follow
a spate of shootings they say of unarmed
black men by white police officers of
course there's no evidence that such
shootings were driven by race in fact as
Professor Peter Mascis of John Jay
College found just a few months ago
white suspects in violent confrontations
with the cops are more likely to be shot
by police and black suspects but
implicit bias that's the new left-wing
buzzword so what is implicit bias well
it's biased you didn't know you had it's
unconscious bias
now usually leftists like to try it out
studies that suggest that white people
and black people both respond more
quickly to word association picture
association matching criminal words with
black faces these are known as implicit
association test your friends probably
send them to you on the internet and
tell you to take them and look you're
racist but those studies are not
particularly reliable they have a pretty
small sample size and they find no
significant correlation between implicit
bias the stuff the DOJ cares about an
actual behavior in the real world Texas
A&M psychologist professor Hart Blanton
he points out that scores on the
implicit association test particularly
exceeding supposed bias cutoff scores
mean pretty much nothing he says there's
not a single study not one showing that
above and below that cutoff people
differ in any way in their behavior
based on that score social psychologist
Russell files you have Ohio State
University he says quote as
traditionally implemented the test
really has problems even advocates of
the IAT
such as the creator of it professor
Anthony Greenwald admit that implicit
association test findings are simply not
appropriate for settings like courtrooms
in fact at least one major study has
found that quote being alerted to
potential bias and limited response
control through a direct personal
experience such as that provided by the
IAT can lead to worse rather than better
behavioral regulation actually
statistics show that correlation between
the IAT and political preference are
stronger than than racial
preference so there's good evidence to
suggest that IAT measures in-group
out-group implicit bias rather than
racial bias per se so if you're told
which group is in your group you still
see a good things with that group right
off the bat it's even possible that the
IAT measures intelligence how quickly
can you overcome your implicit reaction
to particular pictures are you more
biased if you're slower to hit the right
key on the keyboard in other word the
DoD the DOJ is just pushing absolute
crap
so naturally the DOJ is using implicit
bias training for people whose main
function is court-related
perfect this isn't science it's an
attempt to cram down a vision of the
world based on non evidence on employees
of the federal government what's more
it's unfalsifiable which is the test of
scientific tests right if you can't
falsify something it's not scientific
this is unfalsifiable if crime
statistics continue to be insufficiently
satisfying to the left they always claim
that implicit bias hasn't been
alleviated enough we need more training
back to the training camps with you but
of course the best way to police bias is
to actually show evidence of bias not
ghost hunt for unconscious bias what's
going on in your evil little brain but
the left isn't interested in policing
actual racist behavior they're
interested in the continuing
polarization of the country along racial
lines and what better way to do that
than suggesting that you're a racist and
you don't even know it I'm Ben Shapiro
this is the Ben Shapiro show alrighty so
welcome to our first Facebook livestream
of the Ben Shapiro show we're gonna go
about 15 minutes here and then at the
very ends if you want to keep watching
obviously our show goes sometimes 45
minutes sometimes an hour depending on
if I can push my producers to go longer
which I will if you want to watch the
rest you can go to Daley wire comm and
subscribe or you can go to iTunes and
download it you can go to SoundCloud and
download it but we're gonna be live here
at the very beginning which is really
exciting and I'm happy to see all of you
although I'd be happier if you paid me
but since we're here and since we're
doing it for you might as well do the
news so here's the news okay so the DOJ
we'll start with the finish off with
with my points about the DOJ so the DOJ
is utterly insane they've lost their
mind we'll get to Benghazi in just a
second because I know that's the big
news of the day the DOJ has utterly lost
its mind so the do
J there's a story that hasn't been
covered a lot they've now declared that
they could prosecute you criminally for
saying things that they don't like about
Muslim refugees so if you haven't been
following this story from Idaho there
was the story of my Idaho where a three
young Muslim boys seven ten and fourteen
allegedly sexually assaulted a
five-year-old girl
okay the reports say that the
seven-year-old sexually touched her and
then peed on her is what the reports say
and the other two boys videotaped it
that's according to most of these
reports what made this national news is
the fact that the three boys are Muslim
refugees apparently from Sudan and Rock
so naturally the right-wing press
covered the story and the left-wing
press pretended that it never happened
well the Obama department of justice US
Attorney Wendy Olson in Idaho the
federal prosecutor she just issued this
statement and this demonstrates fully
how tyrannical the left is she said that
quote the spread of false information or
inflammatory or threatening statements
about the perpetrators or the crime
itself reduces Public Safety and may
violate federal law we have seen time
and to get in time and again that the
spread of falsehoods about refugees
divides our communities did you get that
she's saying that the spread of false
information or inflammatory statement
that may trigger federal prosecution and
not threatening these people but just
saying that you don't like Muslim
immigration to the United States Muslim
refugees not being vetted properly you
know being very specific even not even
trumped style you know over broad stuff
even if you just say Muslim refugees
have to be better vetted before they
come into the United States generally
even if you want to let them and even
that sort of stuff could be violative of
federal law this is what she's saying if
you think the left cares about free
speech you are out of your mind Eugene
Volokh at the Washington Post who's a
libertarian he says the federal
prosecutor surely knows how to speak
carefully and precisely about what very
limited sorts of speech he can prosecute
but she chose to equally threaten
federal prosecution not just for
punishable true threats but also for an
unspecified range of inflammatory
statements right so the the Obama
administration doesn't care about the
First Amendment they don't care about
about actual law enforcement everything
for the Obama administration is a tool
of power that's all they care about all
they care about is cramming their vision
of the universe down on you that's all
they want in life it's why the left is
so dangerous all the left cares about is
their
option of the world being enforced by
law and that perception has to be
enforced at the point of gun because in
the end that's what they're talking
about so the DOJ will force its own
people into retraining camps essentially
in order to make sure that they are not
implicitly biased and how do we know
when that's been solved when they stop
arresting black people of course because
that's how you can tell the system is
racist because we arrest too many black
people is the idea so once we arrest
less black people then presumably we
won't be implicitly biased anymore
nevermind the reason so many black
people are being arrested is because so
many black people are committing crimes
same thing here instead of focusing in
on the threat of unvetted Muslim
refugees coming into the country they're
saying if you talk about it and we don't
like how you talk about it we'll come
after you and remember Loretta Lynch
said something very similar to this just
a few months back just a few months ago
Loretta Lynch said that she'd be
interested in prosecuting people for
anti Islamic speech basically she had a
backtrack on that because it was too
controversial but that is where the left
stands that's what the Left believes so
there's so much news to get to I want to
start today with a little bit of fallout
from the abortion decision by the
Supreme Court yesterday so yesterday the
Supreme Court comes down with this
abortion decision which we discussed at
length legally here on the bench Shapiro
show but the most controversial thing
that happened yesterday with regard to
this abortion decision came courtesy of
legitimately the least funny human being
on planet earth I mean they're they're
terrorists who are more funny than
Trevor Noah Trevor Noah is is he's
comedy cancer he ranks somewhere between
the Black Plague and an an actual
devastating climactic apocalyptic world
event in terms of funniness okay say
he's awful so he tweets out The Daily
Show tweets out yesterday celebrate the
SCOTUS ruling go knock someone up in
Texas this is what the Daily Show tweets
out and the left was sufficiently
embarrassed that a lot of them said oh
this is really out of this is out of
line I can't believe the Trevor Noah
tweeted this here's what I don't
understand why the left cares I don't
understand why the left cares it seems
to me that the left should be fully
embracing this and when I was at the the
2012 Democratic National Convention I
was in Charlotte I remember very clearly
walking down the street passed a bunch
of anti-abortion protesters pro-life
protesters carrying posters of aborted
babies and walking near me or a bunch of
people who are Democrats going to the
convention
they're a bunch of young guys wearing
Obama shirts and wearing buttons and the
button said I love pro-choice girls and
I thought to myself well I can imagine
why you love pro-choice girls right
because you knock one up and then they
go have an abortion they treated his
birth control I've never understood the
left the left side eeeh that there's
some why exactly I really don't get why
they're upset about this go knock
someone up in Texas they don't believe
that you're even creating a baby by
knocking someone up in Texas right
you're creating a polyp that can be
removed that's why when Hillary Clinton
says things like safe legal and rare
when she says safe legal and rare she
doesn't mean any of that stuff because
the reality is that if you believe that
basically a baby is nothing but a ball
of cells that's useless human flesh then
what do you care if it's removed it
shouldn't be rare it should just be a
thing you do right no nobody has ever
said your colon removing a polyp from
your colon should be rare and nobody's
ever said that it's a polyp who cares
they say that abortion should be right
because they know deep down and the
chuckles of their perverse minds they
know that these are babies right and if
these are babies then they would
presumably have to admit at some point
that you know that it should be illegal
to kill them you shouldn't you shouldn't
kill babies the fact that you have to
say these sentences out loud in modern
America shows what a pagan istic road
we've now we've now run down we
shouldn't kill babies well really like
this is stuff that we have to yes we
have to argue this we have to argue this
and the left refuses to acknowledge the
implications of the things that it says
so last night I was on the Kelly file
martha maccallum was hosting for megan
kelly and and it got into a debate with
ebony Williams is a contributor on Fox
News and you'll see me press her on this
point you'll see she really has no good
answer for it
well look I thought the tweet from
Trevor Noah was ignorant sad and very
distracting from what I thought was a
very classical constitutional analysis
delivered by the court today and I
thought that was sad I've got to
respectfully disagree with Ben on the
fact that most Democrats see abortions
as a primary method of birth control or
method at all of birth control I'm just
simply not aware of the data that shows
that I know for you know people that I
know personally that are pro-choice they
they are just that they're Pro that the
woman's right to choose
actually not pro-abortion even and
certainly not advocating that that be
some method of birth control that's why
we have other actual birth control
options
I mean there were other pro-choice
individuals who said that they were
horrified by some of these expressions
right the one that Trevor Noah put out
you're shaking your head while you don't
believe that yeah why exactly why
there's a disgusting claim because it
was a celebration and it kind of to me
underscored the point you made Ben and I
think it's a it's a sad and disgusting
point that anyone in this country would
view abortion as a method of birth
control but why would you object to that
if you don't think that the child is
fully human then why would you care what
I think that you're connecting dots that
I've certainly not stated that the child
is joining us so to be pro-choice
actually you know what Senator Marco
Rubio I thought really brilliantly laid
out this analysis and one of the debates
where you talked about this issue of
whether or not the child is unborn and
does the child have rights and also does
the mother have rights and where do
those rights intersect or overlap and
I'm someone that believes that certainly
the child unborn child has rights I
believe that the mother has rights I
simply happen to be a person in some
belief that those mothers rights deemed
to usurp those rights but my rights
allow me to kill another human being
well then again you're not a woman and
as a woman I'm someone that something it
is my it is my position that a woman has
a right to dictate the choices around
her body but that it's not to ignore or
take away the rights of any unborn child
that doesn't mean that I get to let
slaveholders define the point that I'm
making you let me finish the sentence
the point that I'm making is that the
probably the greatest moral problem in
society historically is the idea that
you get to arbitrarily define what is
human and what is not based on thank you
and Martha looks a little bit flustered
by by the exchange here but you can see
that ebony has has no come back to this
because all she's arguing in a circle
now she says well if there are rights
for their rights for the baby and rights
for the mother that I think it's an
unborn baby that has rights once you say
that the arguments over because no
matter what you think my rights are my
right doesn't include my right to kill
you
that's where my rights end so there's no
argument for the left here and they know
it and that's why they and that's why
they always have to hide behind silly
little phrases like safe legal and rare
and they have to
they're really upset by abortion but
they're not really upset by abortion
they actually love abortion abortion is
a sacrament to the left it's why Wendy
Davis was super happy yesterday you know
the lady who was filibustering for 14
hours because she loves abortion so much
who's super happy there are people
literally clinking champagne glasses
over this decision pretty amazing stuff
now the main news of the day aside from
kind of fallout from the abortion
decision is the is the Benghazi report
so the Republicans have now dropped the
Benghazi report and the Benghazi report
is 800 pages long
quick note trey Gowdy who led the
Benghazi House Select Committee trey
Gowdy comes out and he says you know to
the media they say what's in here are
you saying Hillary Clinton's liars no
I'm not saying Hillary Clinton's a liar
go read the report for yourself
Republicans suck at everything all of
the things that is possible for
Republicans to suck at they suck at and
things that have not yet been invented
yet they also suck at okay if you'd rump
an 800 page report on somebody
nobody's gonna read that particularly
not a media that loves Hillary Clinton
to the point of waxing her cankles
okay the media are not going to read an
800 page report to come up with the
points that you want to distribute it is
your job you have that five-second
segment where you get your punchline
here's the punchline okay trey Gowdy
wouldn't do it the punchline is the
Obama administration dithered people
died and Hillary lied about it okay
that's the punchline of this eight
hundred page report the eight hundred
page report basically says that that
there were three stages to the Benghazi
screw-up
Stage one was they invaded Libya they
didn't care what happened next cuz that
was Hillary's big win then when things
went bad they ignored it so they didn't
give security to ambassador Stevens then
when things went really bad they didn't
send people there because they were
afraid that would look like we were
declaring war on Libya there was
information that they came out about
that I'll discuss in a second and
finally finally the third part is that
when everything went to hell in a
handbasket they turned around and they
said that it was all the fault of a
YouTube video specifically so that they
could pretend that this was
unforeseeable it's not our fault it's
not our fault we didn't give him
security nobody could have seen this
coming right that's what the report
basically says so Hillary why'd people
died that's true in in in actual order
it's actually Hillary did nothing people
died
Hillary lied that's that's the exact
order well well that sort of concludes
where we are on Facebook live today but
if you want to continue with us then you
go over to SoundCloud go over to iTunes
and check
a daily wire can subscribing it the
whole thing and it's a it's well worth
the price because as you know I'm not
only brilliant but I'm definitely and
devastatingly handsome so if you want to
see more of me then go to daily
wired.com and we'll see you there okay
continuing along these lines okay so
here is what the Benghazi report
actually says there's a bunch of stuff
on the Benghazi report I'm gonna go
through right here they're they're
basically eleven major points in the
Benghazi report is eight hundred pages
long so if eleven sounds like a lot of
points that's only because I've
distilled eight hundred pages down to
eleven points for you four user ease so
there we go number one the Obama
administration repeatedly rejected
additional security requests for
ambassador Chris Stevens hundreds of
times he was asking for additional
security hundreds of times he was
rejected some of them in Hillary
Clinton's name okay number two even
though President Obama and the Secretary
of Defense Leon Panetta supposedly
ordered military assets to deploy to
Libya during the attack to help people
that never happened for eight hours
nobody did anything right so they said
go go help and nobody helped what
happened where did that screw-up occur
well it'd be nice if the Obama
administration would answer questions
but they won't as we'll see number three
as the attack unfolded well it was
happening well it was happening the
Obama administration had a meeting and
at this meeting they focused half their
questions were about what narrative
we're going to push the public half of
them and the narrative they decided on
was a protest based on a YouTube video
led to the attack right so they wouldn't
be blamed so they wouldn't be blamed
forth and this one is the really crazy
one that nobody knew until now the
Marines who were sitting on a tarmac in
Spain waiting to be deployed to Libya
because Spain and Libya are actually not
that far apart by air the Marines were
sitting on a tarmac in Spain they were
told to change in and out of their
uniforms four times four times and then
they never deployed why because the
Obama administration didn't want it to
look like we were invading Libya so
further so there's a big debate do we
send them in out of uniform does that
make them spies does it mean they're
non-combatants now as opposed to people
are on rooftops getting blown away and
you idiots won't send soldiers there in
uniform I mean this is this is evil
stuff fifth no military forces deployed
on time none so they were given orders
they didn't deploy six the Libyans who
helped evacuate the Americans they
weren't
grand and glorious Libyan allies being
cultivated by the CIA in Hillary Clinton
State Department's that's not who
evacuated the the India annex you know
evacuated the annex Gaddafi's allies the
people that Hillary Clinton said were
the bad guys those are the people who
helped the Americans get out seventh
point Susan Rice she gave this
ridiculous spin on national TV you
remember that's where she got up and she
said it's all the YouTube video it's the
YouTube video we can't we can't do
Islamophobia like that leads to terrible
terrible things it had nothing to do
with anybody in the State Department
originally it came courtesy of Obama's
campaign operative David Plouffe David
Plouffe David Plouffe when Susan Rice
and he says here's a narrative that I
think would help us let's run with that
8th point even the State Department
employees who watch this thought that
this was crazy they watched this on TV
and they testified before Congress this
was insane this had nothing to do with
anything ninth point the administration
didn't send a rescue team to Benghazi
eventually because they actually thought
the attacks were over when the attacks
were not over they said Oscar wrote
we're not gonna send anybody so people
were still under fire and they were
saying no no no the attacks are over
it's fine tenth point Hillary Clinton
stonewalled she didn't answer questions
she avoided scrutiny and finally the
Obama administration stonewalled any
investigation any investigation into
weapons transfers to Libyan rebels so
this is a big one right Hillary says and
Democrats say now oh you evil
Republicans you want a hand guns to Isis
right you want to sell guns Tice's they
legitimately handed guns to al Qaeda and
then they smuggled guns through Libya to
Syria some of which fell into the hands
of Isis didn't want to testify about any
of that so all of this should be
devastating right all they should be
pretty devastating to Hillary Clinton
fortunately for Hillary Clinton none of
it's devastating to Hillary Clinton
because the media is on full-scale
defense mode the New York Times says no
new revelations in Benghazi reports this
is the game they play there's a scandal
let's say it's too soon it's too soon
you can't politicize this don't
politicize the scandal people died how
dare you the bodies are still warm
never mind that Hillary is standing in
front of those bodies lying to the
family members of the dead people now
you can't politicize it that's just you
cliff you don't think Hillary Clinton
cares about those bodies you're the
problem you're the problem
right so that's the first step is it's
too soon it's too soon second step is
how dare you politicize this Hillary
don't you think Hillary cares are you
saying she's uncaring are you saying
she's on the feeling and then they delay
meanwhile right you say she's uncaring
and if this is a partisan witch hunt
then a couple of years passes you
actually do all the digging and then you
say as as Tommy Vietor said one of
Hillary's spokespeople said well it's
been two years I guess it's old news now
it's old news we can't there's nothing
talked about here it's old news and then
finally you issue your 800 page report
and say there's nothing new here we knew
all this stuff two years ago it's very
frustrating I mean you're being gas-lit
by the Obama administration and by the
media and all of this is to protect
Hillary Clinton so anybody who believed
that the media had been destroyed by the
Republicans and by the new media they're
missing the point most Americans think
Benghazi is a non-issue because the
media have spent the last several years
and this happened in 2012 they've spent
the last four years telling people that
this means nothing that Hillary didn't
do anything wrong that she was a great
hero of the situation that even though
she went home and went to bed
shouldn't make any mistakes that even
though Obama didn't go to his security
briefing the next morning he didn't got
this as a piece of news in this report
he didn't go to his security briefing
the next morning where'd he go he went
to Vegas to party with Beyonce even
though that happened we're gonna pretend
that it had no impact at all it's
amazing stuff it's amazing stuff but
again none of this is gonna hurt Hillary
Clinton because the media don't want it
to hurt Hillary Clinton and the media
control all this stuff they don't they
don't care they're gonna cover up for it
no matter what and it really is quite
disgusting all the way through so the
Benghazi report should be damaging
damaging to Hillary Clinton but it won't
be Hillary came out today just before
the show punches well I'm glad that's
over with it wasn't it never started it
never started because the fact is that
if you're a Republican and you're
investigating criminality then you're
gonna be stonewalled at every turn and
the left will say that you deserve to be
stonewalled because the evil Republicans
are partisan I'm so sick of this
nonsense by the way this partisan
nonsense where people say oh well
they're just out to get Hillary because
she's a Democrat let's assume that's
true for a second let's assume that's
true for a second we're Democrats not
out to get Richard Nixon because he was
a Republican has there ever been a
political scandal in the history of the
country that wasn't broken by the
opposition the political opposition to
the person who was in mesh in the
scandal when's the last time you saw
Democrats attack other Democrats on a
scandal does it ever happen I've
actually seen Republicans do it on
occasion Republicans
last I checked were the ones who went
after Mark Foley and forced him out of
the house after there is the house page
scandal for example but that's her
that's a rarity I mean typically it's
the opposition the targets you this idea
that oh it's a partisan witch hunt what
other sort of witch hunt would there be
I mean the Democrats are willing to
elect a witch they're not gonna hunter I
mean they're not interested in in
preventing preventing a Hillary Clinton
from cackling her way to the White House
riding that broom into the sky and
writing surrender Trump there they're
not gonna they're not gonna stop her in
any way so of course it's gonna be the
Republicans who try to and this is my
problem with the Republicans is once
again they blew they blew the optics
they blew the optics
well what trey gowdy should have done is
he should have walked out with a state
hundred page report which is like that
thick you should have walked out
you should have plopped it down on the
desk and you should have said here is
all of the evidence boom that Hillary
Clinton should not be President of the
United States
she's unqualified and President Obama is
a liar who let people die in Benghazi
right that's what he should have done he
wouldn't do that
because he's a lawyer and because he's
scared that there will be fallout but if
you're not gonna play the game right
don't bother to play the game at all
it's amazing the Republicans won't even
call Hillary Clinton a liar the
Democrats will go on the floor of the
house and sit there for 14 hours calling
Republicans terrorists and Republicans
won't even call Hillary Clinton a liar
on stuff where she is documented to be a
liar and it is it is documented that she
is a liar and Hillary Clinton beyond
that Hillary is just she's a terrible
person I mean Hillary is legitimately a
nasty cos there's a next Secret Service
agent who's now brought out a book about
Hillary Clinton and did an interview
last night about how Hillary Clinton
talked about how she is a person with
Sean Hannity here is here's that that
Secret Service agent and you felt
compelled to tell the story because you
because why let me ask that because I
want the people I want the Americans to
know what the real Clinton
administration is like mrs. Clinton is
not a leader she's a very very angry
person all the time she's I've seen many
instances that I talk about in my book
crisis a character where she just plays
this holier-than-thou attitude do as I
say not as I do she's a dictator she
comes across as a dictator I've seen him
break many people and myself included
and I've never seen any example that
would lead me to believe that she
could leave this country you know you
describe a woman that is very phony in
other words you talk about how she tell
you to go to hell or tell another agent
to go plank himself and how she threw a
Bible at an at a Secret Service officer
or agent agent a gesture okay and the
vase story which we'll get to in a
minute right but if the cameras were on
she was close to Bill but it was
manufactured it was not real absolutely
camera goes off different person yeah
and if she had guessed she'd say oh he's
my favorite Secret Service guy sure sure
did that to me one time when she berated
me about an hour before over something
and then introduced me to this tour from
Arkansas a group of people that were
getting a special tour and told them
what a wonderful I was her favorite
officer patted me on the back and almost
to the point where I like I almost
believed her but I knew what the truth
was
yeah I'd seen this behavior before you
said and with Hillary Clinton's latest
rise I realized her own leadership style
volcanic impulsive enabled by sycophants
disdainful of the rules set for everyone
else has not changed a bit a lot has
been made about temperament and the
temperament of a president yes you're
describing someone by far that does not
have control of her emotions or
temperament yeah she has she exhibits
some very dangerous behavior as I would
describe it true I mean all of this
stuff is true and the cultivated the
carefully cultivated Hillary image where
she's just robotic she actually isn't
she's actually a pretty volatile
character she just uses the robot to
hide the volatility right she's she's
the robot from x-men
ex machina right she's gonna snap and
kill people and that's that's basically
what we're getting here is that she's
programmed and she's robotic but at a
certain point she's gonna blow a gasket
and she's just gonna go eight poop on
everybody and things are gonna go wildly
sideways he'll want to clean herself
understand she says I get why people
don't trust me but listen to Hillary's
description of herself by the way I have
to say that watching this this
competition between Hillary and Donald
Trump is there anyone in the United
States under the age of 1200 I mean
really the the Hillary and Trump their
combined age is older than the age of
the universe I'm fairly certain that
both of them were conceived before the
Big Bang hey but
Laurie Clinton particularly is not
looking good lately I mean she looks
like death walking and here is Hillary
Clinton who is also ideological death
walking saying that she understands why
people don't trust her but I love that
the way she says this is so insincere
that it's pretty wonderful a lot of
people tell pollsters they don't trust
me now I don't like caring that and I've
thought a lot about what's behind it
and you know you hear 25 years worth of
wild accusations
anyone would start to wonder and it
certainly is true I've made mistakes I
don't know anyone who hasn't so I
understand people having questions now
maybe we can persuade people to change
their minds by marshalling facts and
making arguments to rebut negative
attacks but that doesn't work for
everyone you can't just talk someone
into trusting you you've got to earn it
so yes I could say that the reason I
sometimes sound careful with my words is
not that I'm hiding something it's just
that I'm careful with my words I believe
what you say actually matters
she's careful she's very Hillary Clinton
is very careful with her words which is
why she goes on national television
during a debate and says that her chief
enemies are Republicans it's why she has
said in the past that she's not a
stay-at-home little lady like Tammy
Wynette it's why she's spent her entire
career ripping on Republicans it's why
she went on the floor of the Senate in
the aftermath of the Iraq war and held
up a sign saying Bush knew what did Bush
know right in the Hillary Clinton
careful with her words no Hillary
Clinton is not careful with her words
she is calculated when it serves her to
be calculated you can also tell from her
body language her she is really mad when
people say that people don't like her
she doesn't understand why people don't
like her she doesn't get it now one of
the charming things about people who
actually don't care whether people like
them or not is that they don't care
whether people like them or not the
problem for Hillary is that she's
utterly unlikable but she actually cares
whether people like her what but the
fact is that Hillary is not trustworthy
because Hillary is Hillary Hillary has
proved to us that she's not trustworthy
Benghazi is just the tip of the iceberg
she's the only first lady in American
history fingerprinted by the FBI and
people always say again it's this whole
same game for the Democrats
there's a scandal
they say it's too soon they say how dare
you question my sensitivity and then
they say it's too late right that's the
process so Hillary now you'll say well
you know she was the first and only
first lady of her finger printed by the
FBI she's been corrupt for 30 years well
that's old news well that's old news
well you weren't saying it was old news
when Mitt Romney cut a gay kids hair in
like 1932 then you were saying it was
told that that was perfectly fresh but
it's old news that Hillary Clinton has
been lying consistently and has never
stopped lying all the way through and
Hillary's allowed to get away with this
by the media and and it's amazing what
the media will do to defend Democrats
not just Hillary over Benghazi but let's
take for example Elizabeth Warren so
Elizabeth Warren is Hillary's new best
friend they're their new besties and I
think it's worthwhile reminding people
that Elizabeth Warren hate Hillary
Clinton like if she could strangle
Hillary and get away with it she would
or more appropriately if she could
tomahawk Hillary and get away with it
she would do it this is a flashback to
Elizabeth Warren talking about Hillary
Clinton in 2004 when she had some weird
Amish hair going on and here is
Elizabeth Warren actually the when I
when I know is with more and this was
what her hair looked like when I knew
her at Harvard Law School she used to
wear her hair like this and then she
decided it wasn't senatorial enough
maybe or something but or yeah I mean
she it was not culturally sensitive to
have this hair
maybe but she here's what she had to say
about Hillary Clinton back in 2004 this
is what she actually thinks of Hillary
one of the first bills that came up
after she was Senator Clinton was the
bankruptcy bill this is a bill that's
like a vampire it will not die right
there's a lot of money behind it bill
her husband had vetoed her husband had
vetoed it very much at her urging and
she voted in favor of it why as Senator
Clinton the pressures are very different
it's a well financed industry you know a
lot of people don't realize that the
industry that gave the most money to
Washington over the past few years was
not the oil industry was not
pharmaceuticals it was consumer credit
products those are the people the credit
card companies have been giving money
and they're they have influence and mrs.
Clinton was one of them a senator she
she has taken money from the groups and
more to the point
she worries about them as a constituency
so what does this mean no to these
people these millions of people out
there and the politicians cavort in
front of us favoring the middle class
and then beholden to the powerful
interests that undermine the middle
class what does it say about politics
today you know this is a scary part
about democracy today it's we're talking
again about the impact of money ok so we
can stop it here but you can see she
thinks Hillary is a corrupt old bat
right she thinks that hillary was bought
off by Wall Street and this is what she
has said I mean she when I was at
Harvard Law School she was apparently
saying things like this so this is
nothing new it's nothing old she's
always been saying this now here's
Elizabeth Warren who's being bought off
basically by the Clinton campaign right
who's out there stumping for Hillary
Clinton
so yesterday she was out there stumping
with Hillary Clinton and ripping on
Donald Trump and talking about how how
Trump is going to crush the middle class
into dirt and then she and Hillary
coordinated outfits oh they're wearing
the exact same color they're twinsies
and it's it's really cute they go to tea
parties together and they they go on the
slip and slide and and they have water
balloon fights and then they go and they
and they dry off like raisins so here is
here's Elizabeth Warren talking about
how Donald Trump is going to crush you
into the dirt the same stuff you're
saying about Hillary like 10 years ago
when Donald Trump says he'll make
America great he means make it even
brighter for rich guys just like Donald
Trump
great for the guys who don't care how
much they've already squeezed from
everyone else great for the guys who
always want more because that's all
trump is the guy who wants it all for
himself and watch out because he will
crush you into the dirt to get whatever
he wants so if she no like Trump peep so
she she the reason I keep making fun of
her over her native-american ancestry is
because she has none so the reason that
I keep saying this is because when she
says things like Trump is crushing you
into the dirt and he's doing it for his
own benefit let's explore the history of
Elizabeth Warren for just a second shall
we
Elizabeth Warren made doodles of money
back in the in the 2000s by selling
foreclosed properties she went in and
she took foreclosed property she flipped
them and she sold them right in a bunch
of sweetheart deals with a brother
apparently Elizabeth Warren also claimed
the way she got her job at Harvard well
if you look at this and you say she
doesn't seem like the brightest AG she
doesn't seem like she's some sort of
genius or anything like what is she what
is she doing teaching at Harvard Law the
answer is they were looking for a non
paleface professor and so they went to
Elizabeth Warren because she claimed
that she was a Native American what was
her support for the proposition she was
a Native American
she once submitted a recipe to a book
called powwow Chow I'm not making this
up - a book called powwow Chow of Native
American recipes what was the recipe
that she submitted it was a recipe for
crab bisque
okay crab bisque which as we all know is
a famous Native American dish we know
that that the the the sous of and the
Cherokee who are in Oklahoma where she's
from that the Cherokee Nation in
Oklahoma that they loved the they loved
chasing down with their spears the crabs
on the open plains the crab bisque is
really the traditional recipe she said
all why I submitted a recipe to powwow
Chow doesn't that make me Native
American no darlin it doesn't and then
she said well you know I I used to walk
through my family house and and my
mother would tell me she always does
this kind of soft-spoken voice I hate it
when everyone does this by the way Cruz
did it I hated it I hate it when Trump
doesn't do it he just kind of yells at
you which I prefer
he'll Hillary tries to do it and fails
because Hillary's Hillary's won on the
volume level is still a 10 it's like
when your dad is talking to you on the
phone
and he doesn't understand he's like six
see and he doesn't understand there's a
microphone in the phone so he thinks
that if he just yells into the phone
that somehow the connections gonna get
better that's Hillary all the time so
she doesn't have this kind of modulation
in her voice Elizabeth Warren goes very
soft so she's who she's talking about
yeah I used to walk through my family
home and when I'd walked my family home
my mother should point up to the
pictures on the wall and she'd point out
look at all the high cheekbones that's
not racist that's not racist she was a
Native American because she has high
cheekbones mm-hmm by the way the reason
this matters is not just because it's
ridiculous but because she actually took
advantage of a fake racial status in
order to presumably edge aside other
racial minorities for that Harvard Law
gig so talk about crushing people into
the dust for your own personal ambition
that's Elizabeth Warren Elizabeth Warren
though continues along these lines now
the Elizabeth Warren who's totally at
odds with Hillary Clinton now she's
totally for Hillary Clinton she's got
the crazy Jennifer Granholm robot arms
going you'll see it in just one second
it's like she's lost control of her arms
and and it looks like she's gonna spin
around and smack Hillary in the face
which could actually kind of funny but
it didn't happen but here here is
Elizabeth Warren Hillary Clinton
believes that racism hatred injustice
and bigotry have no place in our country
crazy and oh the crazy arm has been hit
Hillary you also do the crazy arms
feeling goal Oh crazy arms for everybody
crazy arms the right to veracruz yarn
it's the Blue Man Group with the crazy
DiNozzo
okay so crazy arms for everybody and
they're all clapping for each other and
then and then skinny Elizabeth Warren
gives way to fat Elizabeth Warren okay
so that's it so that that's the that's
the new Democratic campaign and it's a
fraud and it's ridiculous so now it's
time now it's time to play our favorite
game our favorite game as we know our
favorite game for those who have never
yet experienced it and now you're new
from Facebook so you're subscribing of
course is good Trump bad Trump it's time
okay so we will begin with good Trump
this is this is my favorite Trump my
favorite Trump is Trump on attack
against people who deserve it so here is
Donald Trump going after Elizabeth
Warren and it is just wonderful in every
way it's possible for it to be wonderful
he said he hopes that Elizabeth Warren
is selected as Hillary Clinton's
presidential running mate indicating his
campaign has returned both barrels on
warrant if that is the case Trump
telling me that his campaign has ready
essentially in the can comments that
Warren has made about Hillary Clinton in
the past things that Trump believes
Democrats will find quote devastating
Trump said Elizabeth Warren is a total
fraud he talks about claims that she
exaggerated her native american heritage
saying she made up her heritage which i
think is racist he said i think she's a
racist actually because what she did was
very racist when pressed on this he said
she's been totally unable to prove she's
Native American and yet used that to
advance her career said I hope she is
the one chosen by crooked Hillary
he also called her a fraud essentially
so some very harsh words from Donald
Trump going after Elizabeth Warren okay
so that is good Trump right that's good
Trump yeah going after Hillary going
after Elizabeth Warren saying that
Elizabeth Warren is indeed a fake and a
fraud which of course she is the problem
is and this again as I said yesterday
the left is becoming so open and and
obvious in there to stain for the
Constitution for the country generally
that it's becoming harder and harder not
to fall into the camp that says yeah
Trump is an absolute crap show but at
least he's not Hillary Clinton right
it's harder and harder to maintain that
position and that's why it's important
to remind people that even if you are
voting for Donald Trump you still have
to call him out when he does stupid
stuff it's still important to be honest
I don't think that honesty takes a
backseat to showing for any candidate
and that particularly includes a career
Democrat who gave money to Hillary
Clinton so Donald Trump now it's time
unfortunately
for bad Trump so bad Trump yeah sad
Trump so bad Trump is Trump trotted out
his spokeswoman Katrina Pierson who has
one of the more difficult jobs in
American politics namely explaining away
every position the Donald Trump takes
because whatever position you like from
Donald Trump don't worry he'll have a
different one in 30 seconds conversely
if you hate his positions now wait a
week because it may change right he's a
magic 8-ball of positions so so Donald
Trump spokeswoman Katrina Pierson she's
trying to walk back now Trump's ban on
Muslim immigration and here's what it
sounds like so there's no religious part
to this if your mom and you can be
vetted it's not a problem
you can come into the country is what
you're saying well even in his initial
statement when he said until our
politicians can figure out what's going
on that's exactly what that means but
our politicians have told us we cannot
vet these people coming across the
border right now and we're bringing them
in by the tens of thousands there is a
problem and a disconnect between the
politicians and the people of this
country so Christians know how would
that work I mean what is what is the
religious aspect here if they're if
they're Christian and they can't
necessarily be vetted then that's a
problem too is what you're saying what
I'm saying is if you are coming into
this country and you cannot be vetted
then you should not be allowed in until
you can be vetted this is not rocket
science this is a man who wants to
protect the homeland unlike what we see
with Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton
for 15 years have allowed our borders to
be wide open pay using taxpayers dollars
to bring in refugees and others into
this country creating homegrown
terrorism that has to stop okay so she's
not my position congratulations you've
arrived Katrina
congratulations Trump campaign you've
now arrived in my position which is that
if you are from a heavily Muslim country
in which we cannot vet you then you have
to be given extraordinary screening or
we can't let people from those countries
and if we can't vet you at all and even
if you're a Muslim from France for
example then if you know nothing else
about you other than that you're Muslim
and you regularly go to mosque then you
should get more screening than the
Swedish grandmother who's a presbyterian
right that's that was my position all
along so welcome to my position but it
just demonstrates that the Trump
campaign will flip positions on a dime
now the way for Trump to drive people
like me into his camp you never Trump
errs and they're there they're fewer and
fewer of us so it's not we're not a huge
group you know the people who are never
Trump people the way to drive people
like me into your camp is by saying we
want you to come we understand you have
qualms we understand you have problems
but Hillary Clinton is the worst right
just keep saying that over and over
Hillary Clinton is the worst because I
believe that I agree with you if you
just keep saying Hillary Clinton is the
worst ignore our guy Hillary Clinton is
the worst and you don't try to convince
me Trump is great and you don't try to
lie to me about how wonderful Trump is
then you can actually bring people in
right it makes the draw strong because
the fact is that again the lesser of two
evils argument is a valid argument I
don't think that it's a dispositive
argument but my entire argument against
voting for Trump has been conservatives
are shifting their principles to
accommodate Trump they're dumping over
their principles in search of victory
and they will get neither victory nor
principle right this has been my problem
all along so if Trump spends the next
six months you know repudiating all the
stupid crap that he said in the past
about Mexican judges and he keeps
himself from saying new stupid crap
about Mexican judges and the disabled
and all this kind of stuff and all he
does is attack Hillary Clinton and then
he says to people like me we want you on
the we don't have to agree on everything
we want you on the train to stop Hillary
Clinton that is a pitch that is going to
draw a lot of people it's an actual
pitch that theoretically could work if
Trump had any discipline unfortunately
the
it's not in the line that the Trump
campaign is following the new line the
Trump campaign is following they have
this sort of bizarre schizophrenic view
of people who are not backing them on
the right and that is it's your fault
we're losing and also we don't need you
at all right this is their schizophrenic
view it's your fault you keep coming
after us you're bothering us and also
get out
so here's Mike Huckabee who sacrificed
all principles in favor of 30 donuts
long ago and and Mike Huckabee
when it says to to people like George
Will who's been a Republican his entire
career he says people like me if you if
you want to if you want to leave over
Trump fine get out get out says the man
who blew up the budget in Arkansas and
and has sold out Christian principles in
favor of a twice-divorced guy who brags
about committing adultery with other
men's wives here's Mike Huckabee that
pillar of principle can your reaction to
George Will leaving the party because
it's run by George good good riddance
look if he will not stay with our party
and the nominee that the people have
nominated with the greatest level of
votes in the history of the party and I
wrote this on Breitbart I wish people
would go and read my column it is only
stirring but my feeling about George
will is if he wants Hillary Clinton to
be President and if he's willing to go
vote for her as he said he would then he
is not a Republican and he needs to just
be honest and and frankly if if he's one
of these guys it's my way or no way then
goodbye citizen says - yes absolutely
I'm frustrated because look we have a
party we have an election not a
selection it's not a backroom bunch of
good old boys who get to make the
decision we respect the voters Brian
look at this up from an obvious
standpoint Donald Trump was not my first
choice to be the nominee you were I was
but once I got defeated did I go around
and say well fine if I can't be the
nominee I'll just quit the party I just
won't be a paella separate there no no
what Mike Huckabee did well Mike
Huckabee did effectively just remind you
is he went over to Donald Trump a man
who agrees with virtually none of his
principles over Ted Cruz a guy who
supposedly agrees with most of his
principles out of solely and I know this
for a fact
personal peek at Ted Cruz out of
personal anger at Ted Cruz they don't
tell me about principle Mike but he's
not the only one Bill O'Reilly yesterday
he was used on TV and he's gay and he's
claiming does anyone even care about
George well leaving like who cares if he
leave
so he's asking Brit Hume this question
okay so George will your friend you're
on Fox News Sunday with him
he says I'm out of there I'm not a
Republican anymore do you think that
matters one iota to voters yeah no no I
don't I'm not I don't think he does in
fact they'll then this is known is that
he said it in a you know basically not
publicized meeting of the Federalist
Society and the word got out and and
it's become a bigger deal I think than
he ever imagined it would be
and so he's being asked about it
everywhere and it got in the papers and
I think he was probably a little
surprised by that why any liberal paper
is going to use any Republican defection
as a page-one so he should not have been
surprised
well it wasn't page one and it wasn't
just a little my papers but that's
neither there okay okay so none of it
matters get out George we don't care
about you anymore well you say that I've
had enough people and you're gonna hurt
and I you're gonna hurt a lot of people
okay so we can we can stop there for the
moment let's do a quick thing I like and
then a thing that I hate because my
producer is yelling at me silently
silently screaming in the night so okay
a quick thing that I like so this week
we have been doing we've been doing pre
Hayes code movies so the Hays Code as I
explained yesterday is a voluntary code
adopted by Hollywood that basically took
sex and violence largely out of the
movies before the Hays Code was
implemented if you look at the movies
from the 20s and 30s they look like
movies from the 90s I mean there's a lot
of sex there was a lot of violence and
what but there are some really really
good flicks that were made so yesterday
we did em today there's a movie really
underrated film called I'm a fugitive
from a chain gang with with Paul Muni
and it's about a guy it's a critique of
the chain gang system so it used to be
then when people were convicted to hard
labor they would legitimately like make
them go out and break rocks right as
what you see on all the old cartoons
Bugs Bunny when he goes to jail so the
chain gangs actually existed this movie
was a critique of the chain gangs and
Paul Muni plays the lead it's a really
really good tight movie too about 80
minutes long that's really good here's
here's what the the trailer looks like
James Allen escapes from prison cheating
here he is the man who preferred death
to the tortures of the chain gang his
was the most sensational escaping chain
gang history crawling through the thick
brush not hounds at his heels
hiding in swamps he outwitted his
pursuers at every turn
this man has lived a thousand lives in
one I hunted thing on earth was
nominated for Best Picture and the final
scene is really chilling it's a great
great movie you can go and check it out
ok another quick thing that I like so
I'm never in favor of the government
because the government stinks at
everything but here's one thing that
they're good at
they made a funny video good for them so
the Los Angeles City government made a
video called safety Ville Safety Ville
is a very dangerous place for stick
figures so what you're about to see is
is stick figures violating safety rules
and bad things happen to them here is a
here is an example
it's a beautiful Dame safety bill and
Jose is on his way to a job interview
his tie is straight his teeth are
brushed and his hair is looking fabulous
Jose is all set to make a strong
impression oh it looks like Jose's
career took a different path always stop
before the limit line at train crossings
safety pins with you so the good news is
that you remember not to do that anymore
also stick figures being dismembered is
sort of funny so I'm just in favor of
that as a general rule ok final thing
that I dislike so so Chris Cuomo is the
brother of Andrew Cuomo the governor of
New York and Chris Cuomo also happens to
be a completely incompetent reporter at
CNN who recently gotten a massive car
wreck after driving drunk in a drag race
oh he has he's really making a success
out of himself in life he was on TV
yesterday talking with the head of the
Catholic League about the Pope and the
Pope would come out and said that that
the Catholic Church should basically
apologize to gays because gays have been
mistreated by the Catholic Church and
here here is this exchange always good
to have you make the case on new day
thank you so much do you feel like
apologizing
to the LGBT communities a matter of fact
I want an apology from gays I've been
assaulted by gays I've never sought that
a gay person in my entire life
you blame all gay I blamed the people
who are a parade a protest parade who
watch me be assaulted by lesbians so so
so what see see and you know thing is
this I want to correct something because
CNN is factually wrong as well today
and so was today's New York Times also
because they said that the Pope said
that the church said that we have to
apologize he said Christians he said
this is direct quote on the plane with
Sydney wooden he said the church is holy
and we are sinners Christians are
sinners now if a Catholic or Protestant
a Jew a Muslim has offended a gay person
or anybody of course they should
apologize but the idea of a blanket
apology because you remember of some
demographic group I mean I don't know
what what church teaching is it that you
have a problem with that maybe the
church should apologize for it well one
it's refreshing to hear you refer to
LGBT as a demographic group Oh often you
only see gays as the behavior as if it
wasn't who they are it's what they do
but just to be accurate I believe that
the church not only should apologize
like that Marxist Cardinal said many
laughs and not only should apologize to
this person who is gay whom it has
offended but has to apologize to the
poor to exploited women to children
exploited for labor he has to ask
forgiveness for having blessed many
weapons okay so we can stop it here the
point I wanna makes not even a rip on
Cuomo because Palmas just a typical Lib
trying to speak in in in the name of
Catholicism this Pope has done more
grave damage to the cause of decent
religion than any Pope in my lifetime
right we had two really good Pope's in a
row at pope john paul ii and then we had
pope benedict and both of them actually
stood up for basic standards this pope
places an extraordinary amount of time
and effort into we must apologize for
hurting people's feelings okay well
there are a few things that you can
apologize for for example right there
that are worthwhile apologizing for you
should apologize for example for if you
are if you have actually persecuted
people and called for them to die
that would be thing to apologize where
we don't apologize to gay people across
america or across
world for saying that homosexuality is
sin and that seems to be the implication
here is that if you say homosexuality is
a sin and if you don't back down off of
that then you're supposed to apologize
for that
I mean he spends all this time
apologizing he's on the Catholic apology
tour the same way the President Obama
went on the American apology tour after
being elected president that doesn't
make more Pro America people and this
doesn't make more Pro Catholic people if
you believe the Catholic principles that
religious principles are eternal you
stand up for the principles you don't
apologize for the principles and if
there are individuals who betray those
principles yes you call them out but the
idea that the church itself is supposed
to apologize for its stance on same-sex
marriage which seems to be what the
media is going crazy over here and the
Pope knows that's what they're going
crazy over here this whole routine where
they act like oh the Pope doesn't know
he says stuff and the medium is
translated well if the media is always
mistranslating you in one particular way
maybe you ought to be more careful with
your words maybe you ought to be a
little bit more careful with the things
that you say because you know what the
headline is gonna be when you say this
sort of stuff you know what the headline
is gonna be the fact is that the
Catholic Church has standards they
should stand by those standards
religious people should stand by their
standards there's no need to apologize
for your standards nobody should be
mistreated by anybody else and
mistreatment is mistreatment but if the
idea is that that the Catholic Church
has to apologize for taking a moral
stance on homosexuality that's a
completely different thing but that
seems to be what the media really is is
talking about here is that they're
linking now the Catholic Church's moral
stance with mistreatment of gays and
that's unacceptable and it's and it's
unacceptable for the Pope to green-light
that even unintentionally
okay well we'll be back tomorrow
president anat President Donald Trump is
making a speech right now
about economics in which he's talking
about tariffs are wonderful trade policy
we will talk about bad Trump because
that is very bad Trump we'll talk about
that tomorrow
and we'll get to the latest in the
continuing escapades of Hillary Clinton
in Oz I'm Ben Shapiro this is the Ben
Shapiro show
