experts are warning that the British
vote to leave the European Union could
be a disaster for experts one expert
pronoun prognosticator seymour wrongly
of the prognosticating firm wrongly
wrongly and wrongly told reporters quote
brexit is just terribly irresponsible in
fact it could be the worst thing that
ever happened to me i predicted that the
vote would cause the moon to turn to
blood and the nations of the world to be
laid waste obviously that's not going to
happen what am I supposed to do now
find a job I don't have any skills what
were these people thinking unquote
European MP Sir Reginald sneering also
issued an angry statement about the vote
saying quote I'm disgusted that a group
of ill-educated yobs could be so stupid
as to want arrogant and unaccountable
elites to stop telling them what to do
how do Britons think they'll engage in
trade without the European Union this
surrounded by water you can't just send
goods across water they'll sink how will
other countries even know what the
British are saying when they don't speak
English without people like myself
controlling events we could go right
back to the old days when Britain was
just a tiny isolated island that ruled
the world unquote young people who voted
for Britain to remain in the Union were
particularly upset that the votes of
older people determined the outcome
twenty-two-year-old dastard P useless
told reporters quote why should my 85
year old Gramps decide my future just
because he helped win World War two and
I live in his garage in a few years
he'll be dead and I'll be stuck here
without Brussels to tell me how much
salt there should be in my crisps it's a
bloody nightmare
reporters were also shocked by the
outcome CNN's Christian I'm a poor
journalist gave her opinion while
pretending to report the news saying
quote this is just an uprising of
xenophobes
who hate middle-eastern immigrants
because they kill people and rape women
and demand to live under a barbaric
system of religious laws and openly plan
to take over the country and then
destroy it it's just another example of
the nativist British racism that turned
the world into a civilized place and now
wants to keep it that way
shame on them BBC commentator withering
insensate the night says he has noticed
a sense of remorse among those who voted
to leave I
interviewed one fellow who clearly
wished he could have his vote back
insensate the ninth said he told me this
was the happiest day of his life and he
hoped every bureaucrat in Brussels would
be tarred and feathered and thrown into
the sea but he had a very remorseful
look in his eye when he said it I think
the shock waves from the brexit vote
have reached our own Shores presidential
spokesman while eli kraft told reporters
quote there's a very real economic
danger here if the expert predictions of
a brexit disaster turn out to be false
people will start to think that experts
are not really making predictions in
good faith but are simply trying to
spread panic in order to frighten people
into accepting ever more oppressive
socialist governance from elites if that
happens the economic damage would be
terrible because the entire climate
change industry would go right down the
drain trigger warning
I'm Andrew Clavin and this is the Andrew
Clavin show it's a disaster for experts
that brexit listen the experts all look
like idiots hillary clinton looks like
an idiot the left is in a panic the New
York Times isn't hysterics I think it's
time for the happiness montage
the courage of men fails when we forsake
our friends and break all bonds of
forget your troubles come on and happy
you better chase all your cares away
shout Alleluia come on get happy get
ready for the Judgment Day
you know it's not that we're overly
pleased to see a bunch of bureaucrats
get it in the neck we're hoping they
name a little lower down but then all
right we got to take a look at this
because it happened over the clave
Willis Regan now didn't technically
first of all it happened they declared
the vote at the end of Thursday on our
shores so it's actually still part of
the clave and week plus I plus I did an
extra show I did Steve Crowder show so
explains everything it's all there's
always an ex-player always a reasonable
explanation for these things so let's
take a quick look the night of the this
is the night of the election when
suddenly they realize that they've won
here's Nigel fires from the right wing
UKIP I guess it's called you Kipling yes
is that hears him celebrating dances
dream that the dawn is breaking on an
independent United Kingdom if the
producers now are right this will be a
victory for real people a victory for
ordinary people a victory for decent
people
we forty years the big merchant banks we
fought against big politics we fought
against lies corruption and deceit
and today honesty decency and belief in
nation I think now is going to win it
well says it like this is very succinct
and now and David Cameron the Prime
Minister he came out right away and said
he was gonna resign before he was very
much for Britain staying in the European
Union he kind of went over the top he
was predicting Wars and you know the
moon turning to blood and the Seas
rising and the whole thing and when it
turned out that the people were against
it he came out and he resigned so here's
Cameron I will do everything I can as
prime minister to steady the ship over
the coming weeks and months but I do not
think it would be right for me to try to
be the captain that steers our country
to its next destination this is not a
decision I've taken lightly but I do
believe it's in the national interest to
have a period of stability and then the
new leadership required there is no need
for a precise timetable today but in my
view we should aim to have a new prime
minister in place by the start of the
Conservative Party conference in October
so it's a big shock to us here in
America to see a leader resign because
he got things wrong there would be a
revolving door on the Obama White House
every day all right scan well faster
there's a bang I mean Bill Clinton
there's like still scratch marks on the
floor of the Oval Office
like you've betrayed your country this
isn't wrong I'm sorry I'll have to step
down I'm gone
so now there's gonna be a new prime
minister the the front-runner is this
guy Boris Johnson it was kind of the
kooky Mayor of London conservative he's
kind of a trumpian character and we
noticed that when we have this picture
together that when you put his picture
together with Donald Trump he turns into
Owen Wilson I don't know what that means
but means Owen Wilson will have a lot of
work in the future you know you should
be able to see this by the way because
you should have by now subscribed unless
you're still clinging to your lousy
eight bucks a month you know you're
gonna spend what would you spend it on
you spend it on drink in women it's a
come-on so subscribe and then you can
watch everything alright so they're
gonna have this you know this now
they're gonna have an election they're
gonna have a new prime minister the left
who just about a year ago they elected
as their leader this Jeremy Corbyn who
is an absolute communist he's the Bernie
Sanders of Britain and he's now in
trouble because funnily enough he's so
far left that he kind of wasn't that
interested in the European Union anyway
so he didn't really campaign you know he
showed up but he as far as he's
concerned they're imposing free trade on
people and he doesn't want that at all
you know he wants do you want he really
wants communism he's an old-fashioned
communist so the Labour Party has to now
make itself relevant again they were so
far out of power see the British have
figured out what we have not that free
markets capitalism work so they're kind
of like even their their right wing in
their left wing of kind of come to the
center-right at this point so the left
has gone all the way to the left to have
this purist leftist now they have to get
rid of him because nobody wants them
because everybody knows it's you know
everybody's talking about this disaster
in Britain what a disaster is gonna be
for Britain to be free of the European
Union well then as well as like you know
you just look out of the window I hate
to see the smoke rising so it's like it
may not be as bad as all that
all right so then the the other thing
that's happening we'll get back to where
to the important thing is what it all
means to America because they're foreign
countries but who cares about that
but Angela Merkel Angela Merkel who has
been the face of Europe because the
Germans are this was the German way you
know they lost two world wars and this
was their way of taking over Europe
without firing a shot so Angela Merkel
you know she kind of blew this
this is the thing Cameron went over to
Germany and showed her a PowerPoint this
is true showed her a PowerPoint tried to
explain to her that the British like
being free they're not like other
Europeans you know they actually they
you know they they actually want to be
free they don't like people telling them
what to do they don't like having
unaccountable leaders they believe in
democracy it's like the english-speaking
people are different than everybody else
and angela is going like now they didn't
defeats him - it's like no this is a
microvia well so she wouldn't change
she wouldn't and she's the one who
opened the floodgates to all these
immigrants who are now like raping women
and doing all this crazy stuff and he's
the one who said that this is this is
what makes us great
it's kind of like Obama's trying to do
here you know this is what makes us so
wonderful as that we accept people that
people don't have to invade us we just
let them in and they kill us it's not
it's it shows it shows our Christian
nature so now so now because of this
she's suddenly making noises like that
you know what we have to do what we have
to do is we have to stop the we have to
secure our borders we have to create
jobs which government has no power to do
they can only do it by getting out of
the way of businesses and you know we
have to be more accountable so she's
actually heard a little bit she's heard
this shot across her bow and you know
they're all making all kinds of noise
like we're gonna take it back we're
gonna have another vote and all this
stuff I'm not so sure that's gonna
happen this is like the Donald Trump
thing we're gonna get rid of Donald
Trump at the at the convention you know
it's very tough for the British to tell
the people that their vote didn't count
I mean that's that's revolution stuff
and also as long as this is uncertain
nobody's going to invest in either
Europe or Britain so they want to get it
all done the the vote isn't binding but
as soon as they get a new prime minister
in there certainly if it's Boris Johnson
he's gonna invoke article 50 which is
get us out and then it'll all be legal
so we'll see all the left is trying to
say it's gonna be taken back the New
York Times every other words saying they
can still take it back they're gonna be
another vote and all their stuff but and
I'll be surprised we'll see so the
question is are there parallels here and
of course Donald Trump Donald Trump was
in Scotland to promote his son's golf
course which I thought was rather nice
of him you know
everybody was making fun of him like he
ditched the but you know your boy has a
golf course you go over and say and help
him open it so he was over there and
they said are there parallels here and
here was his response I I think I see a
big parallel I think people really I
think people really see a big parallel a
lot of people are talking about that and
not only the United States but other
countries and people want to take their
country back and they want to have
independence in a sense and you see it
with Europe all over Europe you're gonna
have more than just in my opinion more
than just what happened last night
even have I think many other cases where
they want to take their borders back
they want to take their their monetary
back they want to take a lot of things
back they want to be able to have a
country again so I think you're gonna
have this happen more and more I've
really believed that and I think it's
happening in the United States it's
happening by the fact that I've done so
well in the polls you look at the recent
polling and you look at the swing states
and you see how I'm doing and I haven't
even started my campaign yet essentially
I mean we've we've done very well we're
raising a lot of money for the
Republican Party I'm gonna be funding a
lot myself but we're raising a lot of
money John for the Republican Party and
you see there's no matter in the next
over the next 30 days and in particular
60 days now I just want to play this one
just just to make the point the Trump is
trying to make here but can't because he
hasn't quite learned English yet but I'm
not sure what he does speak but it is
make the way let me just play judge
Jeanine now usually I can't listen to
judge Jeanine he's just a you know right
just she goes right up my spine but she
put this exact so succinctly that I
think I have to just play the opening to
her show go ahead what happened in
England is going to happen again
next up the United States next president
Donald J Trump what happened in the UK
this week is just the beginning
the world is changing and all you elite
establishment ruling class condescending
Washington bigwigs who think you know
better than ordinary Americans are out
start packing your days are numbered
that says it all right there and I have
to say I mean if you look at the list of
people who opposed this the people that
they I mean this was a blow to the
establishment like nothing else and
that's why they're feeling it so I mean
it was years from The Wall Street
Journal voters defy the impassioned and
unified opposition of the leadership of
all five major political parties they
rejected the advice of more than 1,200
corporate CEOs including half the Chiefs
of the FTSE 100 companies who wrote to
The Times newspaper last week urging
rejection of brexit banks in the City of
London one of the world's major
financial centers along with the Bank of
England the country's central bank and
most of its influential think tanks and
academic institutions warned of the risk
to the UK's Economic Security a
procession of eminent foreigners from
most heads of European governments to
James Dimon the CEO of JPMorgan Chase
had urged the vote to say in April
President Obama went over and told them
they were gonna go to the back of the
queue we are all of it to no avail I
mean the British told everyone to stuff
it and that is why it's so thrilling
because it you know look good and bad
things are gonna come out of this will
the economy suffer for a while yes as
those pound gonna tank for what yes you
know but but who even knows how long
that's gonna happen you know the smoke
is gonna clear and suddenly people are
gonna say you know we will make trade
deals it's the British they're the fifth
largest economy in the world
nobody's gonna throw them into the North
Sea you know they're gonna it's gonna be
fine they're gonna work it out things
will steady everything will calm down
and then people are going to say you
know oh we get it you know when you
panic when you tell us that the Sun is
gonna come down on fall down when you
tell us that the climate is gonna change
in a disastrous way when you tell us
there's gonna be World War 3 in Europe
because it's because you want to keep
your job it's because you want more
power it's not because that's what's so
exciting about it it's not it's not
really its effect so you know you think
about its effect here and what judge
Jeanine was saying some of us may say
well yes we we support the uprising of
the people we support the people saying
you know give us back our government
because let's face it we have the same
problem with unaccountable elites
governing us as they do over there we
have it in DC telling the states what to
do they
have it in Brussels telling the
countries what to do some of us may say
well we picked the wrong horse Trump is
not the guy because he basically is a
top down you know wants the government
to do health care once you know takes
back every other thing he says I'm gonna
build a wall well it's not gonna be a
wall I'll have a door well it'll just be
a door and they'll be in a wall and well
forget the door you know thinks and you
know going forward you can't trust
anything he says and all this and maybe
he's tough but but there's the other
part of this it's really really clear
what judge Jeanine said is what all of
us are thinking I think I mean it's what
I was thinking when I was thinking like
you know you told the elites to get some
did you remember the tar and feathers
did you remember to throw them into the
Thames and while they were flowing down
did you remember to Pelt them with
rotten fruit because because that really
is fun you know like it's got like
playing whack-a-mole everything you know
I think our anger at these people
justifiable anger they keep saying well
it's angry white man you know it's like
yeah maybe I don't have to apologize for
my color or my sexy office and the anger
is justified these people don't know
what they're doing and they're being
overweening and arrogant and intrusive
and they need to be told to go away and
I think that there's just something
incredibly exciting so my point is
simply this this could start to define
Trump's general campaign his campaign
against the Republicans was this kind of
you know slash-and-burn insult bullying
campaign but brexit and the ideas behind
brexit and the idea of taking your
country back and throwing out the elites
could define his campaign could start to
give him a theme that he has been kind
of floundering around ever since his
nomination could start to show me Paul
Manafort his his now his campaign
manager came out and he put it very well
what happened in with brexit was people
taking back control I mean again the
faceless bureaucrats in Brussels and
Strasbourg who have ruled and told the
Brits how to live in prom making
promises and to them that their lives
will get better and talking about a
future based on globalism versus the
family and individual and local
community
that's what brexit was all about and the
reality is those are the same issues
that have caused the angst in America
today and this election went in 2016
where Donald Trump is the only change
agent is set up perfectly on those same
things because Hillary Clinton is the
epitome of the establishment she's been
in power for 25 years and the issues the
promises of globalism is the solution
the promise that governments gonna make
you like better if you just give up your
freedoms and the promise that promise is
that we know better than you on how to
make your lives better
we've been rejected that's what that's
what Donald Trump has identified
that's what brexit identified and that's
what's gonna be the basis for the
election night in 2016 so so this guy is
now basically his the voice in his year
now he's gotten rid of Cory you know
Cory is now on CNN for some reason I
have no idea why but this has got the
voice in his ear this is a defining
theme this is something he can talk
about this is something that now people
understand and now people understand
that the power is in their hands you can
win these votes the and the panic that
everybody said this could define Trump's
campaign and if it defines his campaign
it could help to define his presidency I
know who Trump is you don't have to tell
me who Trump is I don't have to tell me
the bad stuff about it I get it all you
know but remember a president is also at
the whim of the forces that elect him
and that sweep him forward and this is
going to be I think a defining moment
and if you listen to Clinton's reaction
Clinton was Clinton has been caught
Hillary Clinton has been caught really
looking like an idiot she was opposed
this all the way she was part of the
panic crowd this is a disaster
listen to the ad she put out after it
happened this is her anti-trump ad after
it happened enormous shock waves from
Britain's historic vote to leave the
European Union global markets are
plummeting every president is tested by
world events but
Trump things about how his golf resort
can profit from that and the pound goes
down more people are coming to Turnberry
stocks tank around the world brand new
sprinkler system the highest level he's
talking about his new sprinkler system
in a volatile world the last thing we
need is a volatile president I'm Hillary
Clinton and I approve this message
I think that's tone-deaf I mean I think
that's tone-deaf she's saying she's
saying don't don't blow everything up
and the people are saying where's the
fuse you know where's the fuse where's
the mat I mean you don't throw a guy
like Donald Trump at something unless
you know you mean to blow it up that's
what the guy is and I think look
remember remember we are commentators
all of us all of us are the elite that
doesn't mean we're elitist that's
different these guys are elitist I'm not
an elitist I believe in the people I
believe that the people know better than
I I believe that a guy who knows how to
fix a car who's gonna fix a car better
than I do
I believe you should run his own
business I believe people should do they
run their own lives so I'm not an
elitist
but yeah I am I the elite I am you know
of course I am I'm a you know a highly
educated guy who has elite concerns and
thinks about elite things and all this
stuff so when I look at Donald Trump I
am horrified and part of that is class
part of that is the guy just seems too
like a thug you know you just see and
but but I'm I'm listening to the people
you know I get it I get what they like
about him I understand what they like
about and it may be look let's let's
hope he's better than I think he is
let's hope let's hope he can win
first of all let's hope he's a better
candidate than he appears to be the
polls now that one poll came out
yesterday saying he was 12 points behind
and another point came out saying he was
six points behind and and that all of
which gets closer when you include the
other candidates who will be in the race
I would include them anyway you know
that when you include Gary Johnson and
all that if he is actually only six
points behind then all this narrative
we've been hearing for the past couple
of weeks about he's making this gaffe
and he made this mistake and what a
terrible thing he did here and all this
stuff the Mexican judge and this and
that it's all nonsense it's all
narrative you know it because because
he's doing fine you know if he is really
only six points away it's really five
points when you include the other
candidate he's doing fine so she's so
Clinton is the
things she's saying keep things the way
they are keep that's her that's what
essentially she's saying but listen to
what you know she's made so many
terrible mistakes not just you know
Libya and Benghazi and the and the
emails and all this stuff the AP just
did a review
thank goodness somebody's paid attention
to this because the mainstream media is
basically paying something like eight
times more attention to every gaffe
Trump makes than all the stuff that
Clinton has done but the AP did a review
of Clinton's calendar for after the fact
official chronology of the events of her
four-year term okay this is her after
the fact this is what I did and they
found at least 75 meetings with longtime
political donors and loyalists Clinton
Foundation contributors people who are
given her money and corporate and other
outside interests that were either not
recorded or listed with identifying
details scrubbed so all these people
were buying influence from her and going
in and talking to her and she's a racer
I'm taking her get about he wasn't there
you know it's like just exactly what the
Barack Obama is doing with Muslims you
know basically I'm erasing the Muslim
part of the terrorism so all this stuff
you know like she's got nothing to sell
she's got nothing to sell and the only
thing she's got to sell is that she's
not Donald Trump and that's gonna be a
big deal because Trump you know he's a
guy who shoots himself in the foot he's
got a big mouth and he's you know loose
cannon but if this defy flex it defines
his campaign and gives him the themes
that he needs a lot of that could turn
around if you want to know you know is
the left hearing any of this are they
getting it but does anybody get it you
know I I always make fun of David Brooks
at the New York Times's knucklehead row
the op-ed page on the New York Times but
he is the epitome of an elite listen to
his reaction to this well in country
after country we're seeing a conflict
between what you might call urban
Cosmopolitan's and less well educated
ethnic nationalism and ethnic
nationalism was on the rise and I agree
with everything that Evo Richard and
Margaret were saying but it should be
said and I covered I lived in Brussels
for five years of the Maastricht Treaty
when all this was coming together and
the elites as much as I hate that leave
the fact that the UK is going to leave
you you the elites
and some large we brought them on this
on themselves there was built into the
European unification project an
anti-democratic a condescending a
snobbish attitude about popular
democracy and secondly and this is also
true here and I'm as pro-immigration as
the day is long
but we've asked a lot of people who are
suffering in this economy to accept
extremely radically high immigration
levels and we've probably over flooded
the system and so while it's easy and I
do condemn the vote to leat get out a
little humility is in order on the part
of establishment frankly that we've
flooded the system with more that it can
handle and secondly we've not provided a
good nationalism a good patriotism that
is cosmopolitan that is outward spanning
and that is confident and therefore a
bad form of parochial inward-looking
trumpian nationalism has had free rein
and they always come back to the same
thing Obama does this do it so we didn't
communicate our point of view as opposed
to our point of view is wrong view is
not what the people want it's the
people's country it's not his country
it's not my country it's everybody's
country it's the guy it is your country
and these guys just do not get it you
know the thing about this is the why is
it so hard for them to know this
argument has been going on since the
country began write the Federalist
Papers all about you know we want out we
need a strong central government and
people say no we don't want a strong
central government we want to govern
ourselves the Constitution was kind of
the idea of how everybody gets what he
wants you get a strong central
government which we need but it is
limited by these rules right and so when
you have guys like Obama and the left in
general who throw the Constitution out
you know when he have a guy who says oh
well I'm gonna give change the status of
you know 5 million illegal immigrants
and the Supreme Court barely just barely
said you can't do that and he's like
well that's not who we are
yes it is it is who we are that you
can't do it it doesn't matter whether
it's right or wrong as you can't do it
you don't have the
our to do it the problem with government
is the same problem with fat people okay
it is harder when you are an obese
person it is harder to lose weight than
to give up heroin it is harder to lose
weight than to give up cigarettes why
think about it for a minute when you
give up so I gave up cigarettes the only
thing I've ever been addicted to besides
my wife is cigarettes I gave up
cigarettes it's hard it's harder to lose
weight why because you have to eat when
you give up cigarettes you stop right
you just stop there's no cigarettes
forget about it
but you gotta eat and the same thing is
true I mean if you were an alcoholic and
you said well you have to have a glass
of wine a day you'd never be able to
beat your alcoholism you beat alcoholism
because you stopped the same thing is
true with government you need some
government we need some regulations to
keep our meat healthy but we don't need
them screaming that the sky is gonna
fall if we drive our cars around you
know you need you need things to keep
people give people rights but we don't
need them governing how many black
people and how many yellow people and
how many you know and how much women get
paid and how much they you know they
can't stop eating the government is a
great big fat man who can't stop eating
and brexit is a little bit of an
enforced diet brexit is a little bit of
fat shaming a little bit of stop you
know stop stuffing the cake of power
into your fat face or as the British
would put it shut your piehole and we
love it and thank you Britain alright
stop I like we're gonna do British
movies this week we're gonna do British
movies that are among the greatest films
ever made
okay their own they're really only a few
I mean the bridge makes to me some
wonderful films but the greatest films
ever made is tall order this film I have
mentioned a number of times but it has
never made the stuff I like I've
mentioned it in context of stuff I like
it is it maybe Mike if I had to pick a
favorite film if you said I could only
watch one film for the rest of my life
it might be this film this is the third
man it's directed by Carol Reed who was
a guy I was very much inspired by Orson
Welles
it has Orson Welles in it and Joseph
Cotten is based on a Graham Greene
Graham Greene one of the fine novelists
of the last part of the last century he
he wrote the film
and to give the film to make sure he
understood the film itself he wrote a
novella first which he didn't mean to
publish ultimately they did publish it
but it's a very rich textured movie it's
a thriller about a goofy American pulp
writer he writes westerns who goes over
to occupied Vienna right after the war
to looking for a job and of course is
swept into the intrigue and craziness of
the post-war Europe and it's a very
classic European theme of innocent dopey
Americans being swept in to the complex
world of European diplomacy and it's
beautifully shot beautifully acted
beautifully written here's a one famous
quick moment where Orson Welles is
teaching an American the Burien view of
history about the fella said mentally
for 30 years under the Borgias they had
warfare terror murder and bloodshed but
they produced Michelangelo Leonardo da
Vinci and the Renaissance in Switzerland
they had brotherly love and 500 years of
democracy and peace and what did that
produce the cuckoo clock you get a
little bloodshed you get so the arts you
know you may yes you may have a thousand
years of warfare but you get the Sistine
Chapel the the Europe that we know now
has not had a internecine war for since
world war ii and what have they produced
the european carbyl violent history and
produced europe produced the greatest
culture that the world has ever seen and
that and that you know if they come back
and get a little bit of that going on
and it takes a little turmoil so be it
I'm Andrew Clavin this is the Andrew
Klay Patrol we have so much to talk
about this week and we'll be back
tomorrow to talk about more of it
you
