another shocking headline today New York
Times kills journalism then self in a
brutal murder suicide the New York Times
blew the brains out of American
journalism last week then turned its
weapon on itself although journalism was
found dead at the scene
The Times lingered on life support but
after examining the op-ed page doctors
agreed that all mental activity had
ceased according to those closest to the
Times the newspaper had been growing
increasingly delusional in recent years
1 Times reader who asked not to be named
for fear someone might find out he had
been a Times reader said quote the
newspapers idea of how the world worked
was utterly fantastical and its denial
of the way things actually are sent it
into a destructive cycle of
self-deception and hysteria which The
Times called news The Times as mental
degeneration seemed to reach a crisis
after the horrific mass killings in
Orlando when a gay Muslim Democrat
murdered 50 gay people he was a perfect
storm of incomprehensible truth said one
former friend of The Times and it simply
pushed the paper over the edge witnesses
say the Times began raving after the
incident as one former Times employee
put it quote the shooter was a Democrat
so they blamed Republicans the shooter
was a Muslim so they blamed Christians
the shooter was apparently gay so they
blamed homophobia
they just weren't making any sense
unquote the former employee who asked to
remain anonymous for fear someone might
find out he'd been a former employee
went on to say that the times became
increasingly distraught when it realized
no one believed its delusional
mutterings anymore even their fantasies
began to degenerate into meaningless
generalities that had nothing to do with
anything the former employee said they
just paced around the office muttering
it's the fault of America it's the fault
of guns it's guns it's America it's
America it's guns the less people took
them seriously the crazier they became
in a rambling suicide note sent to real
journalists the New York Times said
quote after we commit this atrocity we
hope people will finally come to realize
that the fault lies with cisgender males
none of whom have worked here for 15
years and of course with fundamentalist
Christians whom we here exist but have
never met shot survivors of the murder
suicide including columnist David Brooks
blow and paul krugman issued a statement
to reporters saying quote in spite of
this tragedy we hope to continue to
produce the same level of commentary
we've produced all these years and will
therefore walk on our hands naked
through Herald Square with banners
coming out of our butts with nonsense
words written on them in a made-up
language that ought to do it
unquote in one bright note law men on
the scene did manage to rescue a hostage
officials say he had been badly
mistreated by the times but will survive
his name his reality
trigger warning I'm Andrew Clavin and
this is the Andrew Clavin show a little
bit on the edge there folks do
appropriate to let it go by
alright the Clavin this weekend is over
it's over finally it ended with the N
beat watching the NBA Finals and Game of
Thrones and I'm like a nervous wreck
last night people people always tease me
because they say I'm finding the the
good side and in too many things but I
was thinking last night you know the the
Roman satirical poet Juvenal famously
said after the Roman Republic collapsed
he famously said that the Roman people
had given up their freedom in return for
bread and circuses meaning welfare and
entertainment I was thinking yeah but
the circuses are great so what their
country's collapsing this is great
alright so I said last week that we
would start filming live today we are
not I I was lied to I was lied to and
then I lied to you anyway we will get to
it eventually we're still working but
just so you know if you do if you
subscribe if you subscribe you can watch
it cost us like $8 a month it's free for
30-days than $8 a month and just if you
haven't seen the show before just to
explain we're here in the valley in LA
which is one of the hottest places on
earth and it's one of the hottest days
on Earth today so today as I'm coming
into work I saw people trying to escape
into hell there were people like get me
where's the bus from the valley entail
so
during the show we have to turn off the
air conditioning while I speak so we I
don't get drowned out if during the show
I should stop talking for a period of
time it's because I'm dead so don't
worry about it everyone dies it's just
it's a natural thing it just happens to
happen on camera all right so much is
happening I'm not sure I can get all
this into one show but I have to tell
you I have frequently a half joke that
this is the place where the future comes
to announce itself but it's not a brag I
mean we have talked about things here
and people say well that's not the news
that's the not the news of the day and
then like in six weeks it's the news of
the day I think this is gonna happen
today because I see something going on
people aren't really talking about this
but it is really strange the news that
was breaking as I came in which is kind
of part of this is that Donald Trump has
dumped Corey Lewandowski yes it was his
campaign manager so this this puts
Shapiro in a terrible position because
everyone was yelling Shapiro was saying
this got terrible you should get rid of
him then everyone see no he's great and
Trump is loyal Trump is loyal so now
it's like Shapiro was right about
everything so everybody's gonna be
screaming at him matter what he does
it's like he gets the he gets the fire
so this is just happening so I'm not
going to comment on it too much but it
is part of this sense that something is
very very wrong in the Trump campaign
that it has failed to make the
transition from dealing with crazy semi
Republicans who never voted before and
winning 40% of that vote and then
dealing with the entire country some of
whom you know some of these people are
saying you know he's never dealt with
that before so you know he's have to
he's had to readjust and this is a big
readjustment to get rid of Cory who was
really his trusted aide so we'll talk
about it more tomorrow when we get more
information because it's just happening
but already on the Republican side there
has been this rumbling this steady
rumbling that they're going to try and
dump him at the convention now it seems
impossible to me it seems just it would
cause an absolute riot but the idea is
that remember the rules to the
convention are made like a week before
and they're made by delegates many of
whom were chosen by Ted Cruz okay so
like
these delegates who were on the
committee that makes the rules are not
Trump's delegates because he had no
ground game so he wasn't doing the kind
of you know clever and inter politician
political stuff that Ted Cruz was doing
so what they're talking about is
establishing a conscience clause where
if you just look at Donald Trump and
think and know thank you for your votes
people but no you know then you can get
out of it now that's the problem there
is that some of these people are bound
by state law to vote for the people that
they which would mean litigation and
Trump would go insane and all this stuff
hey Paul Ryan but you know remember he's
the chairman of the whole thing they
asked Paul Ryan where he stands on this
and this is his response my place is
because of again this role I have which
I feel has very important
responsibilities is to call balls and
strikes and just play it by the rules so
it is not my job to tell the delegates
what to do what not to do or to weigh in
on things like that they write the rules
they make their decisions all I want to
make sure is it's done above board
clearly honestly and by the rules so I
see my role now given that he's got the
plurality he actually won is pretty much
a ceremonial position but the last thing
I'm gonna do is weigh in and tell
delegates what to do how did you do all
right well I guess so if they decide to
change the rules and that's which they
can do you're comfortable with however
they should you're asking the wrong
person you should ask the party you
should ask Reince Priebus you should ask
the delegates I think the Rules
Committee meets the week before but
which but if you have an opinion on the
scenarios to them my opinion is not
relevant here I'm not going to tell the
delegates how they should do their job
because I am just a guy on a street
corner insider like Paul Ryan says I
have nothing to do it you can bet like
he's pulling every string you can think
of and you know Ryan is I really feel
for Paul Ryan he's in this terrible
position he's the top of the party
really is the you know leader leader of
the party he can't just dump Trump if
he's gonna be the nominee he cannot do
it you know you can say well he should
have principle but part of his principle
is saving his party you know so like
he's got to do but at the same time
Trump the thing is it's not just how
offbeat Trump is how weird and how the
you know these things come out of his
mouth and the bullying and all that
stuff that we've talked about this is a
remarkable moment and you know it's a
remarkable moment by the fact that it is
nowhere being covered in the press the
Obama administration is when raveling
and the left is using this powerful
powerful communication tools that it has
taken over while we sat around worrying
about budget deficits and you know
whether or not the Constitution was in
play they were just simply taking over
the means of communication the news
agencies they are all left-wing every
single network is left-wing every single
face you know Google I am absolutely
convinced Google is arranging searches
so that whatever you search for comes
out on the liberal side first you know
if you got out five pages you get to the
truth but before that Google is
arranging it searches Facebook we know
you know Twitter all of them Twitter is
throwing conservatives off left and
right and they did you know they throw
them off they bring them back on and all
this stuff the means of communication of
getting information now they're all in
the hands of the left and they are using
them hysterically because the Obama
administration is falling apart and this
Orlando thing is part of it but also
part of it is is what's happening
overseas which is connected to the
Orlando thing so last week shockingly
the CIA the direct CIA director John
Brennan goes before Congress and he
basically says now there's been some
good news in the Middle East
the Iraqi forces have taken back
Fallujah which is it's kind of
embarrassing because the Marines took
Fallujah and two of the greatest battles
in marine history I mean these are
battles that are part of now the song
and story of the Marines
Obama let it go and so they took but
they took it back and they're moving on
to Mosul so there's some good news but
here is the CIA director John Brennan
telling Congress I don't mean a thing as
far as Isis is concerned unfortunately
despite all our progress against ISIL on
the battlefield and in the financial
realm our efforts have not reduced the
group's terrorism capability and global
reach the resources needed for terrorism
are very modest and the group would have
to suffer even heavier losses on
territory man
and money for its terrorist capacity to
decline significantly
moreover the group's foreign branches
and global networks can help preserve
its capacity for terrorism regardless of
events in Iraq and Syria in fact as the
pressure mounts on ISIL we judge that it
will intensify its global terror
campaign to maintain its dominance of
the global terrorism agenda since at
least 2014 ISIL has been working to
build an apparatus to direct and inspire
attacks against its foreign enemies
resulting in hundreds of casualties the
most prominent examples are the attacks
in Paris and Brussels which we assess
were directed by isil's leadership we
judge that ISIL is training and
attempting to deploy operatives for
further attacks ISIL has a large cadre
of Western fighters who could
potentially serve as operatives for
attacks in the West and the group is
probably exploring a variety of means
for infiltrating operatives into the
West including in refugee flows
smuggling routes and legitimate methods
of travel furthermore as we have seen in
Orlando San Bernardino and elsewhere
ISIL is attempting to inspire attacks by
sympathizers who have no direct links to
the group all right so how many parts of
the Obama narrative were just exploded
there by his CIA director first of all
they're bringing people in in refugee
flows and Obama's telling us let them in
open the gates you know it's that's
that's who we are you know we have to be
we have to be welcoming we have to let
all these people in and every time every
time Trump says no we don't think pres
goes mad you know oh my god what a bigot
what a racist you know but they're
telling you they're sending terrorists
and refugee flows but even more
importantly they said that Isis was
developing the means to direct and
inspire people who are not immediately
connected with them so this whole
narrative of the lone wolf Oh Orlando
you know another lone wolf attack there
are no lone wolves there are no lone
wolves these guys have an ideology an
ideology is a form of mind control it
can be mind control for the good or it
can be mind control for the bad but the
point is their narrative is falling
apart listen this is unbelievable as I'm
coming in they're releasing as I'm
coming into work they're release
the transcripts of some of the things
this or Lando shooter said to the press
and the police over the phone as he's
murdering people ruthlessly okay and
Loretta Lynch says we're gonna release
some of these transcripts but certain
parts are gonna be redacted actually
though what we're announcing tomorrow is
that the FBI is releasing a partial
transcript of the killer's calls with
law enforcement from inside the club
these are the calls with the Orlando PD
negotiating team but we're trying to
ascertain who he was where he was why he
was doing this all the while the rescue
op we're continuing that'll be coming
out tomorrow and I'll be headed to
Orlando one Tuesday including the
hostage negotiation part of this yes it
will be primarily this a partial
transcript of his calls with the hostage
negotiators it's a partial what's being
left out but what we're not gonna do is
further proclaim this individuals
pledges of allegiance to terrorist
groups and further his propaganda we're
not gonna hear him talk about those we
will hear him talk about some of those
things but we're not going to hear him
make us assertions of allegiance and
that this will not be audio this will be
a printed transcript but it will begin
to capture the back-and-forth between
him and the negotiators we're trying to
get as much information about this
investigation out as possible as you
know because the killer is dead we have
a bit more leeway there and so we will
be producing that information tomorrow
is most the most blandly sinister I keep
calling her blandly sinister I think
that should be your name planned lease
understand you know US Attorney General
and Lisa so he's explaining in this like
you know nursery school voice why she's
going to lie to the American public so
they're releasing this thing but they're
not gonna let him say that he's doing
this in loyalty to Isis you know
reminded me of like a joke video I did a
while back where I just left out the
word Muslim to see if you could guess
what word I was leaving out you know
it's blank terrorism you know it's like
another another guy loyal to blank has
been let you know so they're gonna leave
this out because they've got this
narrative of the lone wolf I mean
everything they do is narrative now
every single thing Barack Obama is
running a race with history the
journalists have protected him and it's
not the street journalists they want to
report the story it's the it's the
administration who
let their story get on the air they've
canceled they've erased all this
scandals they've erased all those
mistakes they've erased all that you
know and it's just a constant drumbeat
of how evil trump is how evil
Republicans are nothing about the fact
this utter utter incompetence and
mistakes that he's made he's running a
race with history because he knows
somewhere deep down this guy knows he
has blown this presidency big-time and
no matter what the press reports today
ten years 20 years 50 years down the
line
historians are gonna say whoa this
sucked this was a terrible presidency
and he knows it and it's eating him
alive I swear you know he won't even say
the word Isis he's like the only person
he heard Brennan call it ISIL because
Isis means the Islamic state in Iraq and
Syria okay and that those are the two
places where he has made his biggest
mistakes Iraq and Syria let's let's just
just quickly go back over some of this
stuff you know Bush went into Iraq they
made terrible mistakes they D batha fied
the government they threw out all of
Hussein's people out of the military and
out of the civil service so now these
guys were wandering around ticked off so
al Qaeda is in there fighting us and
they said to these bath fists who were
not Islamic extremists they said to him
join us and become al Qaeda in Iraq and
the times wouldn't even say those words
wouldn't even write the New York Times
wouldn't even write those words al Qaeda
in Iraq so they they formed the baptists
helped form the South Qaeda in Iraq to
become this terrorist group which very
nearly drove this the country to Civil
War the surge takes place now the left
is selling this this narrative that the
surge didn't do anything it was really
just the Sunnis who suddenly said oh
we'll cooperate like 30,000 American
troops didn't have anything to do with
their cooperation you know they didn't
look out the window and think hmm I
think I'll cooperate
it was the surge it quieted things down
they could see that al Qaeda was losing
that was no fun and all the stuff when
when Obama pulled them out when Obama
pulled us out of Iraq all these fighters
were left and when Syria devolved into
civil war and Obama did nothing they all
went in there and that's how Isis was
formed they changed their name al Qaeda
in Iraq changed his name to Isis and
they started to take over territory
and that gave them this amazing cred
with all these young men looking for a
cause looking to be to be somebody
important in the world looking to have
something to live for and die for
suddenly there was an Islamic state in
Iraq this is territory so yes we've been
taking back some of that territory but
as we take back that territory Isis
moves back to sort of traditional
terrorist methods and they have all
these recruits and all this cred that
they're using so now this amazing this
amazing thing happens 50 I think was 51
State Department officials send out a
memo basically pleading with Obama to
get involved in Syria this is the place
where Obama said well you know we'll get
involved if there's poison gas that'll
be a redline play that first that first
tape of I have yet at this point not
ordered military engagement in the
situation but the point that you made
about chemical biological weapons is
critical that's an issue that doesn't
just concern Syria it concerns our close
allies in the region including Israel it
concerns us we cannot have a situation
where chemical or biological weapons are
falling into the hands of the wrong
people we have been very clear to the
Assad regime but also to other players
on the ground that a red line for us is
we start seeing a whole bunch of
chemical weapons moving around or being
utilized so then it comes out that
they're using chemical weapons and Obama
goes and trusts the international
support for a bombing raid on these guys
and somebody says well you know you said
if there was a red line that going to
change everything that this is his
response a year later first of all I
didn't set a red line the world set a
red line the world set a red line when
government's representing 98 percent of
the world's population said the use of
chemical weapons are abhorrent and
passed a treaty forbidding their use
even when countries are engaged in war
Congress set a red line when
it ratified that treaty Congress set a
red line when it indicated that in a
piece of legislation entitled the Syria
Accountability Act that some of the
horrendous things that are happening on
the ground there need to be answered for
and so when I said in a press conference
that my calculus about what's happening
in Syria would be altered by the use of
chemical weapons which the overwhelming
consensus of humanity says is wrong that
wasn't thinking I just kind of made up
okay
Oh so yeah you know it reminds me of
John Belushi you know it's not my so
just to recap for a minute okay he
abandons Iraq the fighters in Iraq who
take all the weapons that we had given
to the army they're by the way they took
those those al Qaeda fighters took all
the weapons that we had given to the
Army and they going he abandons Iraq
that lets Isis grow there he doesn't do
anything in Syria and Isis spreads and
now more than 50 State Department
officials they have this thing in the
State Department it's called I think
it's called the dissent Channel yes the
dissent Channel and they made it during
Vietnam so that's you know the State
Department guys they're very brilliant
guys they're top you know the top of
their class Ivy League guys they're
diplomats but they're not partly they're
part of the administration but they're
also kind of this is their career
they're in there so they during Vietnam
when everybody was saying like don't go
into Vietnam they wanted the State
Department to have a place where they
could sort of is cya a little bit they
could put in letters saying well I don't
agree with what we're doing in Vietnam
more than 50 of them sent in to this
channel and basically released to the
press
these notes saying please please you've
got to do something in Syria because
when we go in there and make demands
there's no gunboat enforcing our demands
they know we're not gonna do anything
and Obama will not move
here's the Wall Street Journal on what
this means okay serious chaos has
incubated the rise of Islamic state said
America against its traditional allies
sent refugees pouring into Europe so
right part of this this whole thing
where these refugees are pouring into
Europe and the women are getting raped
and and people you know now Britain
wants to leave the EU partly because of
all these immigrants all that is coming
out of Syria also Syria invited the
Russians back into the region Putin has
been backing Assad in Syria so he's
gotten these power and they're fed the
it has fed Iran's influence in a nervous
Arab world Iran's influence and spread
instability across the region but mister
Obama carries on with business as usual
and why should anyone expect anything
different this is the president who
stayed silent in 2009 when Iranians took
to the street to demand their freedom
who ignored his generals when he
withdrew too quickly from Iraq and
Afghanistan who in 2012 rejected the
call from his CIA director Petraeus his
Defense Secretary Leon Panetta and his
Secretary of State Hillary Clinton to
arm moderate Syrian rebels now add the
diplomatic rank-and-file to the list of
those he ignores I mean he is just not
paying attention because he's so afraid
of becoming george w bush you know he's
so afraid of this quagmire the Vietnam
syndrome that he's doing nothing and you
know look most of us the most important
decisions we make in our lives have to
do with our children with raising our
children and we all know that sometimes
he gotta act sometimes he got a not act
sometimes he let a kid make a mistake
and fall on his face sometimes you got
to keep him from falling out the window
because he's gonna die three stories
down you know you you have to make those
decisions it's not like oh I'm not gonna
do anything cuz george w bush didn't it
did too much it's making the call each
time look I'm not saying that george w
bush has no
takes no credit for this disaster in the
middle east he made mistakes but every
president every single president has to
play the card he's dealt just like the
rest of us we all have to play the cards
we are dealt and he has failed utterly
and it's and it's all around the world
the immigration problem the problem of
refugees flowing in the terrorism
problem the orlando shooter you know
being inspired by Isis and suddenly it's
all this stuff he's done this
administration is unraveling its foreign
policy has been a mistake in every step
of the way
in Venezuela you're gonna say I don't
want to sound like Glenn Beck like
everything in the world no offense to
Glenn but I don't know everything in the
world is connected but listen in
Venezuela they're having food rights ok
they're having food rights and one of
the richest what was one of the richest
countries on earth where the most
abundant countries on earth with all
this oil because of socialism because
you go Shabbos and we still I'm waiting
we have the phone lines are open for
Danny Glover and Sean Penn to call in
with their apologies for supporting all
these Hollywood clowns who went out and
supported this guy this this absolute
moron who thrilled to hear him call
George W Bush a devil you know oh what a
devil George W Bush was he destroyed
this country well why does that come
into this because Iran is moving into
South America very very aggressively and
it is and it has been welcomed into
Venezuela it's been welcomed into
everywhere where there's a strongman in
Argentina they well look I can't say
this for sure the the prosecutor in
Argentina was prosecuting an act of
terrorism against the Jewish center in
Buenos Aires and he was going to he felt
that he had proved that Iran was
involved he was going to go to the UN
and say look you've got to keep
sanctions in place because these guys
are spreading terrorism through the
world he was killed the the prosecutor
was killed they still haven't proven it
was murder
they still haven't found out anything
about it but we know Iran is moving
aggressively into South America and if
you want to look at a map they call it
South America because it's just south of
us that's why they called it South
America it's part of our continent when
Iran is in there
so Obama remember Obama's making deals
with them so he screwed up Iraq he
screwed up Syria he has screwed up Iran
he has legitimize them and taken the
sanctions off them and you know this
stuff is all unraveling while the left
in the New York Times in the you know
Network News CNN all they're doing is
screaming about Donald fuck let's listen
to what Donald Trump is saying let's
listen to a trump said over the weekend
about our immigration problems and the
Muslims everybody wants to be so
politically correct and they want to
give
do what's right and they're afraid to do
anything and the word that's words are
killing us political correctness but
when you touch fortunately it wasn't
followed up when you talk about
political correctness you're the Muslim
buying ammunition and weapons get extra
scrutiny I don't know about that I think
right now we have some pretty big
problems and they're problems coming out
of radical Islamic you know the radical
Islamic groups you have a very very
strong group of people that is radical
Islamic and that seems to be a problem
well I think profiling is something that
we're gonna have to start thinking about
as a country and other countries do it
and you look at Israel and you look at
others and they do it and they do it
successfully and you know I hate the
concept of profiling but we have to
start using common sense and we have to
use you know we have to use our heads
you know I just went in with one thing
there's so much to talk about I can't
get everything in today you know Trump
look the Trump says a lot of crazy
things but what he's talking about is
not crazy he is trying to point out the
fact that we are fighting an ideology
we're not just fighting an army ideology
can spread through the airwaves it can
spread through the internet it can
spread any way you can kill as many of
their soldiers as you want if you don't
stop the ideology you ain't stopping
nothing they're just gonna generate more
I just want to finish by playing
something that the Washington free
beacon put together this is all the
times that Obama has told us why we
should do what he tells us to do rule it
that's why we must leave these methods
where they belong in the past they are
not who we are and they are not America
but as Americans that's not who we are
that's not who we are it's not who we
are
that's not who we are
that's not who we are that's not who we
are it's not who we are that's not weird
that's not who we are it's not who we
are that's not who we are
it's not who we are no that's not who we
are that's not who we are that's not who
we are that's not who we are
that's not who we are it's not who we
are that's not who we are that's not who
we are it is not who we are
that's not who we are that's not who we
are it's not who we are that's not who
we are as a country that's not who we
are as a country that's not it's not
right it's not who we are that's not
right it's not who we are it's not right
it's not who we are
and that's not right that's not who we
are it's also not who we are as
Americans
that's not who we are we are better than
men what what does he think made us who
we are what does he think made us who we
are what is a guy whose father was from
keenya think makes him like me whose
grandfather was from Eastern Europe
it's our Creed it's our beliefs it's our
belief system it is a Christian belief
system now I'm not saying it's
Christianity as a religious belief I'm
saying it is cultural Christianity there
is not a single idea that we hold fast
to that is not it does not somehow
originate in the Gospels and the Gospels
were a vehicle for carrying Judaic
thought and classical Greek and Roman
thought through the Middle Ages into the
modern world it was like a reliquary and
inside it were all the thoughts of the
West and that made us who we are
well if it made us who we are what does
he think makes them who they are why
does he think that they're only reacting
to us they're not they have an ideology
of their own they have a thought process
of their own he has failed at every
stage Iraq Syria Iran because he doesn't
know who he's fighting he doesn't know
what he's up against and when I say that
the narrative is has become hysterical
on the Left they're powerful powerful
narrative machine is working over time
it's because this is unraveling and it
is becoming clear that their opposition
to America their opposition to
Christianity their opposition to Western
thought has come a cropper it has come
become a disaster and everything they
believe is
and the reason people are getting
nervous about Donald Trump is they don't
think he has the capability to take
advantage of it we'll talk more about
what's happening with Trump tomorrow now
onto stuff I like
I finished uncharted for over the
weekend this Naughty Dog video game a
classic it's a classic video game an
adventure story that just makes perfect
sense they strung together some of the
cutscenes the cutscenes are the video
scenes that come in between the gameplay
and it makes a perfect movie it's a
really wonderful story it had that rare
thing there's something that happens to
me when I'm watching a good story when I
realized what the story is about that I
get this kind of thrill like when I was
watching die hard if you remember die
hard and I thought oh I get it
this lone cop is stuck in this building
filled with terrorists cool that's a
great idea
leave the weapon when you suddenly
realize oh I get it this guy's so crazy
that he's a lethal weapon there's a
moment in this when you realize wow this
is a good story and most of it is
jumping around shooting it's a video
game it's simple but they kept it simple
it's an intelligent game I wish I could
talk more about I wish I could talk more
about the way stories work and the way
video games work in the way that those
two are in tension and don't quite jar
and the way sometimes they solve the
problem uncharted for classic story I'll
try and talk more about video games
tomorrow I come up with another video
game that I like and we'll talk more
about it but for now we're out of time
so much stuff to talk about we'll be
here all week through Thursday and we'll
talk about it all
I'm Andrew Clavin this is the Andrew
Clavin show don't go away come back
you
