well let's continues to maintain that
the greatest threat to America's
security is Donald Trump's political
incorrectness the reality is of course
precisely the opposite the politically
correct America promulgated by the left
leads to Americans dying in horrific
ways according to Florida today quote a
former Fort Pierce police officer who
once worked with 29 year-old Omar Mateen
the assailant in an Orlando nightclub
shooting that left at least 50 dead
since he was unhinged and unstable the
guy's name is Daniel Gilroy he was a
former Fort Pierce police officer and he
said Mateen frequently made homophobic
and racial comments he said he
complained to his employer but it did
nothing because he was Muslim go write
actually quit his job because Mateen
began stalking him via multiple text
messages 20 or 30 a day he apparently
also sent Gilroy 13 to 15 phone messages
a day apparently he talks of killing
people well as you recall this follows
hard on a similar story from the San
Bernardino terrorist attack
that's when CBS la reported quote the
man who had been working in the area
said he noticed a half-dozen Middle
Eastern men in the area in recent weeks
but decided not to report anything since
he did not wish to racially profile
those people so we're now two for two in
our political correctness sweepstakes or
at least the terrorists are but Hillary
Clinton continues to stub for political
correctness on Sunday Hillary said this
quote inflammatory anti-muslim rhetoric
threatening to ban the families and
friends of Muslim Americans as well as
millions of Muslim businesspeople and
tourists from entering the country that
hurts the vast majority of Muslims who
love freedom and hate terror I may
disagree with Donald Trump's policy
suggestions on immigration we'll talk
more about that I think they're both too
broad and too narrow they're too broad
because we can screen some Muslims for
entry to the United States and they're
too narrow because many of the Muslims
who we are worried about are coming from
non-islamic countries I can disagree
with those policies but still recognize
that Trump's rhetoric is far less of a
problem than Hillary Clinton continuing
to maintain the people who speak out
strongly against radical Islamic
terrorism will play into the terrorist
hands blasting those who do so that
plays into the terrorist hands every
time President Obama or Hillary complain
about incidents like Al commits clock
boy Bahamut you remember that guy
brought a bomb the clock look like a
bomb to school and then complained about
it to the administration the
administration called
police and then there's a big hubbub
they make it more difficult for everyday
citizens to report incidents that end up
being exactly the sort of red flags
Democrats lament after terrorist attacks
listen Donald Trump spoke the absolute
truth when he said after the terrorist
attack in Orlando quote we need to
respond to this attack on America as one
United people with force purpose and
determination but the current
politically correct response cripples
our ability to talk and think and acts
clearly if we don't get tough and we
don't get smart and fast we're not gonna
have a country anymore this is true
after the next terrorist attack we're
not gonna hear about from some Meany
musings we're gonna hear about myths
signals reported incidents politically
correct throat-clearing bureaucrats who
refused to follow up and the bodies will
continue to stack up that's what always
happens when political correctness wins
I'm Ben Shapiro this is the Ben Shapiro
show tends to demonize people don't care
about your feelings okay so here we are
and there's a lot going on obviously now
number one for folks who can see should
subscribe to daily wire because normally
our studio looks better than this I'm
just broadcasting from from a studio
at a Salem communications office I just
did my morning show and my phone is
actually placed atop a pile of plates
we'll take a picture of it and we'll put
it on on the Ben Shapiro Instagram which
you can also follow but go to daily wire
and you can see all the clips were going
to show and you can take part in the
mailbag and all of that it's a lot of
fun okay speaking of things that are not
a lot of fun I come back from break
yesterday from Jewish holiday of Shavuot
I come back and the world is on fire
again 49 people most of them gay maybe
all of them gay killed in Orlando at a
gay nightclub called pulse by radical
Islamic terrorist named Omar Mateen
that's what's going on obviously it's
very disheartening stuff very very scary
stuff terrifying stuff and what's even
more terrifying is the reactions of the
various folks in politics to all of this
and so we're gonna talk today about the
three speeches that came out about this
and there was Donald Trump's speech then
there was Hillary Clinton speech and
there's Barack Obama's speech why don't
we actually start with the presidents of
the United States because that sets the
the background for everything that
President Obama believes and why Donald
Trump has risen as far as he has in
politics president obama comes out and
the very first thing he says
don't have enough information about this
stuff with respect to the killer there's
a lot of reporting that's been done it's
important to emphasize that we're still
at the preliminary stages of the
investigation and there's a lot more
that we have to learn the one thing that
we can say is that this is being treated
as a terrorist investigation it appears
that the shooter was inspired by various
extremist information that was
disseminated over the Internet all those
materials are currently being searched
exploited so we will have a better sense
of the pathway that the killer took in
making a decision to launch this attack
okay so there's a couple words that may
be missing you may have noticed they're
missing when President Obama speaks here
radical and Islam they're gone right
they don't exist my favorite part is
when he says the shooter was inspired by
various extremist information various
you know like he was sitting around and
turns out that they're a bunch of people
who loved My Little Ponies and he was
inspired by that to go shoot a bunch of
gay people at a nightclub or it's
possible he was inspired by Isis talk
especially since he identified with Isis
he apparently came out and said that he
liked Isis and that he wanted to do this
in solidarity with Isis he's not the
only one apparently there's just
breaking news there's a shooting at
Walmart somebody tried to hold hostages
in Walmart he was shot by the police and
they found a letter in Arabic in his car
over in France there's a guy who knifed
two police officers to death he too said
that he was a member of Isis but none of
this has to do with radical Islam and
this is the part and so President Obama
notice how how dicey he is about
mentioning Islam he's so scared of
mentioning Islam we'll talk about that
in a second here's President Obama
continuing saying well yeah he says he
liked Isis but can we really talk about
things like that it does appear that at
the last minute he announced allegiance
to ISIL but
there is no evidence so far that he was
in fact directed by a soul in there also
at this stage is no direct evidence that
he was part of a larger plot in that
sense it appears to be similar to what
we saw in San Bernardino but we don't
yet know and this is part of what is
going to be important in terms of the
investigation okay so he says that well
we don't know yet maybe they were part
of it it's not clear they were linked to
ISIL okay who cares okay none of this
really matters in the end all that
really matters is the fact that this guy
was he grew up in America apparently his
dad it turns out had significant terror
ties he was he was somebody who's a fan
of the Taliban his son had ties to a
terrorist who went and fought for the
for the al-qaeda in in Syria he was
investigated by the FBI routinely the
FBI checked him out in 2013 and let him
go so that makes three terrorist
suspects in a row the FBI has failed to
stop so that would be the tsarnaevs that
would be the Fayed Tsuruga the Syed
Farook the guy in in San Bernardino and
his wife and now this guy the FBI
checked him out and let them go but
President Obama doesn't really care
about all of us he doesn't really care
about all of this what President Obama
really cares about what he really cares
about is the gun what he really cares
about is the gun and you'll see why this
is going to lead Donald Trump to say
what Donald Trump is gonna say in a
minute and why Hillary Clinton is gonna
say what Hillary Clinton says in a
minute so Hillary so President Obama
says that yes this guy may have had
connections to Isis or at least you
liked Isis but the real issue is the
weapon he continues as far as we can
tell right now this is certainly an
example of the kind of homegrown
extremism that all of us have been so
concerned about for a very long time it
also appears that he was able to obtain
these weapons legally because he did not
have a criminal record that
in some ways would prohibit him from
purchasing these weapons it appears that
one of those weapons he was able to just
carry out of his store a an assault
rifle a handgun a block which had a lot
of clips in it he was apparently
required to wait for three days under
Florida law but it does indicate the
degree to which it was not difficult for
him to obtain these kinds of weapons
okay so he says that it was too easy for
them to obtain these kinds weapons
that's the problem it was too easy for
people to get weapons and this is the
Democratic talking point so in game of
thrones there's a character named Hodor
and all Horder can say or there was
Harrington Hodor Hodor can say is Hodor
okay that's all Democrats can say when
terrorist attack occurs and a gun was
used all they can say is gun control
take somebody's weapon take my weapon
somebody's weapon has to be taken and
you can hear the sort of rage he has
against the NRA is significantly
stronger than the anger he has against
radical Islamic terror which by the way
he reinforced today in a press
conference and what she said he doesn't
even see the purpose of saying radical
Islamic terror this is all just a
talking point it's all just a talking
point it's just something people say
they spout it because they don't have a
real strategy we'll explain in a second
why it matters to say radical Islamic
terror but first President Obama will do
it here's the last Obama clip the loner
he talks about the NRA the fact that we
make it this challenging for law
enforcement for examples even to get
to get alerted that somebody who they
are watching has purchased a gun and if
they do get alerted sometimes it's hard
for them to stop them from getting a gun
is is crazy it's a problem and we have
to I think do some soul-searching but
again we have the danger here is is that
then it ends up being a the usual
political debate and the NRA and the gun
control folks say that oh Obama doesn't
want to talk about terrorism and if you
talk about terrorism then people say why
aren't you looking at issues of gun
control that the point is is that if we
have self radicalized individuals in
this country then they are going to be
very difficult oftentimes to find ahead
of time okay so it's it's hard to find
them ahead of time and it's hard to find
them but it's easier to track the guns
this is just stupid on every level the
Israelis aren't very good at stopping
terrorism even they can't stop every
terrorist attack what they can do is
have people who are willing to shoot the
terrorists and this is what's happened
the last few terrorist attacks in Israel
knife attacks there are civilians people
who pull out guns and shoot the
attackers okay in this particular case
you had a crowded nightclub 2 a.m. and
the guy opens fire apparently had to
reload several times and no one there
had a gun nobody there had a gun and I
can tell you this you know as an
Orthodox Jew right I live in Los Angeles
and as an Orthodox Jew I have to
consider every Sabbath whether I want to
illegally carry my 9-millimeter Glock
handgun or whether I prefer to or
whether I prefer to obey the law and
this is a consideration a lot of people
are going to have to make in cities
where it's difficult to carry openly or
carry concealed they're gonna have to
determine whether they trust the
government to keep them safe because the
pitch here seems to be we're not gonna
keep you safe from radical Islam we
can't identify them ahead of time
but if you hand over your guns to us
then we'll keep you safe so in other
words you'll keep me just as safe as you
kept the the gay folks at this LGBT bar
if I hand you my guns sorry gang not
going to happen sorry gang it's not
happening now President Obama as I say
he's very upset Donald Trump because
Donald Trump has called him out for not
saying the words radical Islamic terror
it hasn't said radical Islamic terror
and because he hasn't said radical
Islamic terror President Obama's well
what does that matter was here's how it
matters the reason it matters is because
we believe that what you say publicly
reflects how you feel privately this is
why words matter can we believe that
what you feel privately reflect what you
are going to do in terms of policy so if
you refuse to say radical Islamic terror
we assume that you don't think radical
Islamic terror is a problem and we also
assume that the policies that you pursue
are going to reflect your feelings this
is certainly to a president Obama who's
spending all of his time on massive gun
control while handing nuclear weapon to
Iran while doing nothing about the rise
of Isis while doing nothing about the
the domination of the region by
terrorists while blaming Israel for
terrorism yes of course
radical Islam and using the word matters
when it's not clear who you think the
enemy is pray you know President Obama
says I know who the enemy is according
to you it's its guns according to you
it's guns okay so with Obama as backdrop
let's now contrast compare and contrast
the two candidates Donald Trump and
Hillary Clinton these are the two people
who we've been given
unfortunately Donald Trump gave what I
thought was the best speech of his
candidacy over this particular issue and
I'm gonna point out where I think there
are flaws because I don't think it's
perfect speech I think there are
problems when it comes to policy but as
I've said before Donald Trump is a good
diagnostician
and he's a terrible doctor and what that
means is a good diagnostician you go in
you say my I'm not feeling good the
doctor looks at you does all the tests
and figures out oh I'm sorry to tell you
this you have cancer here are the
options we can do surgery we can give
you chemo there's some experimental
drugs you could try right that's what a
good doctor does they give you the the
diagnosis and then they give you some
possible solutions Donald Trump is good
with diagnosis he hits the diagnosis on
the head a lot of the time the problem
is that he then prescribes the hate
yourself in the face of the hammer
here's the here's the issue though if
the doctor who
you're talking to happens to be Hillary
Clinton or Barack Obama they refuse to
even make the diagnosis they just
pretend it doesn't exist they just
pretend it doesn't exist now the thing
about Trump is you could get the
diagnosis from Trump and then hope that
maybe Trump will talk with some other
doctors maybe Trump will find somebody
who knows the solutions better than he
does maybe you can use to hunt from psy
agnostic skill and then go find
solutions from another doctor maybe
elective third party candidate but what
he's saying is much more correct than
what Hillary and Trump person Hillary
and Obama are saying so Trump gives this
speech right after and it's accompanied
by all of Trump's usual stupidities so
Trump tweets it out right after this
attack happens he says thanks for the
congrats in terms of calling this ahead
of time okay that's so self-centered and
inappropriate after a shooting but what
Trump actually says in this speech you
can't argue with it because he's totally
correct so here is Donald Trump talking
about political correctness and how it's
prevented us from fighting terrorism we
need to respond to this attack in
America as one United people with force
purpose and determination but the
current politically correct response
cripples our ability to talk and to
think and act clearly we're not acting
clearly we're not talking clearly we've
got problems if we don't get tough and
if we don't get smart and fast we're not
going to have our country anymore there
will be nothing absolutely nothing left
okay this is what people are thinking so
Trump is expressing it in a way that I
think is silly but what he is saying is
right what he is saying is 100% absolute
truth when he says our current
politically correct response kills us as
I said in the intro people knew that
this guy was bad news but when they
reported it nobody wanted to do anything
because he was Muslim this is how
political and correctness and it is how
political correctness that ends up with
dead bodies and it does it ends up with
dead bodies okay he continues along
these lines of what he says here about
immigration is totally correct also
I said truck this is the best moment of
Trump's campaign so far by far it ain't
close the killer whose name I will not
use or ever say was born in Afghan
of Afghan parents who immigrated to the
United States his father published
support for the Afghan Taliban a regime
which murders those who don't share its
radical views and they murdered plenty
the father even said he was running for
president of Afghanistan the bottom line
is that the only reason the killer was
in America in the first place was
because we allowed his family to come
here that is a fact and it's a fact we
need to talk about we have a
dysfunctional immigration system which
does not permit us to know who we let
into our country and it does not permit
us to protect our citizens properly ok
this is totally crooked so there's one
thing he says here that's not true it's
not factually true this guy was not born
in Afghanistan he was born in the United
States to Afghan parents his father was
a supporter of the Afghan Taliban he's
talked about running for president of
Afghanistan the only reason is because
we allowed his family to come here and
this is a real problem folks it's a real
problem this is why for all of my
anti-trump rhetoric for all the things
I've said about Trump the one thing that
I haven't really argued with is the idea
that we have to get stronger and
immigration of course this is true I
always arguing strong at immigration
long before Trump was ok the idea of
building a wall the idea of heightened
screening for people who are coming from
Muslim majority countries the idea of
heightened screening for Muslims who are
coming to the United States because
Islam is in fact an indicator of Islamic
terror that doesn't mean people can't
get in it doesn't mean that we can't
screen people it doesn't mean that we
can't make sure that people are safe but
it doesn't mean that if you have a
Swedish grandmother who's Presbyterian
you give her a different level of
scrutiny than an 18 year old Muslim
coming from France or Afghanistan but
what he's saying here is totally correct
okay we don't have to let people in
there is nothing in the Constitution
that says we have to let people in and
from continuous along these lines now
again here's what Trump is a little
wrong so from said diagnostic is correct
and then his prescription is a little
bit wrong so here's this prescription
it's a little bit wrong I'll explain why
I called for a ban after San Bernardino
and was met with great scorn and anger
but now many years and I have to say
many years but many are saying that I
was right to do so
and although the pause is temporary we
must find out what is going on we have
to do it it will be lifted this ban when
and as a nation we're in a position to
properly and perfectly screen these
people coming into our country they are
pouring in and we don't know what we're
doing the immigration laws of the United
States give the president powers to
suspend entry into the country of any
class of persons now any class it really
is determined and to be determined by
the president for the interests of the
United States and it's as he or she
deems appropriate
hopefully it's he in this case
I will use this power to protect the
American people when I'm elected I will
suspend immigration from areas of the
world where there is a proven history of
terrorism against the United States
Europe or our allies until we fully
understand how to end these threats
after a full we didn't stop it there so
here's what he says right so he he
mentions his hand-- Bernardino Muslim
ban and people said this was stupid
including me because it is stupid and
then he says the immigration laws of the
United States give the president the
power to suspend entry into the country
of any class of persons the president
deems detrimental to the interests or
security of the United States okay
that's true but it's challengeable in a
court of law
so if you just say we're not letting
anybody in who's black right if you say
we're not letting anybody in who's white
we're not letting anybody in who's
Jewish we're not letting anybody who's
Christian that will likely be challenged
in court and it'll be difficult for that
to be upheld
okay now his actual policy here here's
the problem he says he will suspend
immigration from areas of the world
where there's a proven history of
terrorism against the United States so
how about France how about friends
there's no proven history of terrorism
against the United States and France
have you got a Muslim coming from France
well this is where his policy is both
too broad and also too narrow so it's
too broad in the sense that it says no
Muslims can come in and it's too narrow
in the sense that he's now targeting
areas and the fact is that Muslims
coming from Syria are actually less of a
risk than Muslims coming from France and
Britain in many cases because he can be
radicalized anywhere and their major
radical populations in the West okay
that said what he's basically saying is
still in the realm of correct it's still
in the realm of correct and then he gets
to the part where he is 100% correct
here's the part that is the best quote
that he has the entire campaign here is
here's Donald Trump's talking about
radical Islam we cannot continue to
allow thousands upon thousands of people
to pour into our country many of whom
have the same thought process as this
savage killer many of the principles of
radical Islam are incompatible with
Western values and institutions
remember this radical Islam is
anti-woman anti-gay and anti-refugee to
become a place where gay people
Christian people Jewish people are
targets of persecution and intimidation
by radical Islamic preachers of hate and
violence this is not just a national
security issue it's a quality of life
issue if we want to protect the quality
of life for all Americans
women and children gay and straight Jews
and Christians and all people then we
need to tell the truth about radical
Islam and we need to do it now okay we
need to do it now it's how he finishes
that yes that is 100% correct every word
of that is correct
radical Islam is anti-gay it's anti
woman anti-freedom it's anti American
it's anti Jew radical Islam is an evil
nasty terrible ideology and Trump is
exactly right when he says this he's
exactly right and the reason he's
resonating is because Obama's Kevin
Bacon routine from Animal House nothing
to see here remain calm everyone
everything is fine well it just gives
your guns and everything will be cool
we're here to keep order you just tell
us what you just give us all of your
rights and we'll take care of you when
Trump says you can't even name the enemy
yes yes 100 times yes this is why
Republicans are supporting Donald Trump
this is why people are getting behind
Donald Trump and I fully get it I fully
get it now does that mean that Donald
Trump is a guy that they should get
behind yeah I've been saying no and the
reason is because of all of his other
flaws and because Donald Trump can't
control himself and because this I'm not
sure represents what Donald Trump will
actually do but when we look at the
diagnosis it's impossible not to look at
the diagnosis and say that man is
spot-on he is 100% on the money what he
says here is exactly correct but he says
there is exactly correct and again you
know if I don't support him it's for the
same reasons I wouldn't support Pat
Buchanan who says the same things that
Donald Trump says but that doesn't mean
that Donald Trump isn't right on this
issue he is 100% right on this issue and
Donald Trump continues to be right on
this issue and then he turns to attack
Hillary Clinton so skip one clip and
then it's the one that begins with
Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton he
attacks her and he says look I just
called that radical Islam Hillary
Clinton she can't even say the words
radical Islam yet Hillary Clinton from
months and despite so many attacks
repeatedly refused to even say the words
radical Islam until I challenged her
yesterday and guess what she will
probably say them she sort of has said
them but let's see what happens she
really has no choice but she doesn't
want however she's really been forced
and she has been forced to say these
words she supports and the reason is she
supports so much of what is wrong and
what is wrong with this country and
what's going wrong with our country and
our borders she has no clue in my
opinion what radical Islam is and she
won't speak honestly about it if she
does in fact know she's in total denial
and her continuing reluctance to ever
name the enemy broadcasts weakness
across the entire world true weakness
I don't know if you know this but just a
few weeks before San Bernardino the
slaughter was all it was a slaughter
Hillary Clinton explained her refusal to
say the words radical Islam here is what
she said
exact quote Muslims are peaceful and
tolerant people and have nothing
whatsoever to do with terrorism that is
Hillary Clinton okay and that is exactly
right he's totally right again the
diagnosis is exactly right he goes on to
say that Hillary wants to take away your
guns they tried that in France that
failed he talked about immigration
policy and how the the federal
government refuses to turn over
information and where Syria and Muslim
refugees are going all this is 100% true
all of this is 100% true and then he
concludes by saying that he really is
the friend of women in the LGBT
community because he says he doesn't
want to allow radical Islamic terrorists
importance of the country who enslaved
women and murdered gays said I don't
want this in our country this is 100%
true again this is the best thing that
Trump has said during the entire
campaign right what he said during this
campaign I can't argue with this nor
would I because it's true okay when
Donald Trump says things that are true
I'm gonna say he says things that are
true and Donald Trump is saying things
that are true right here he say now that
doesn't mean he's not receiving an
inordinate amount of criticism he is
receiving a tremendous amount of
criticism he's receiving a lot of
criticism from his fellow Republicans
bob Corker is very upset with him and
you know there are a lot of Republicans
who think that it's terrible what he's
saying Politico had an entire article
this morning about it here this is from
Politico talking about the proposed ban
on Muslim immigrants it says Trump's
terror response has Republicans fretting
okay and what it says is some have
wondered whether he failed to harness a
moment to elevate himself and pass what
one Republican called the death test the
ability to picture Trump in the Oval
Office in times of crisis on Capitol
Hill has renewed call for a ban on
Muslim immigration from quit condom
nations from GOP lawmakers even as they
struggle to stand by their presumptive
nominee now here's the thing here's the
thing I again have opposed his Muslim
immigration ban I've said that it's too
broad and I've said that it's too narrow
I've said that this is this is poorly
calibrated that said he looks a lot more
palatable today than Hillary Clinton
because here's Hillary Clinton Hillary
Clinton's in her speech contrasted with
Donald Trump and Obama and what she said
what she said is basically she started
off with a few nice words about Isis and
fighting radical Islam and she didn't
use the words radical Islam and then she
moved fully into the category for the
left of gun control and the second I'm
gonna explain why it is that the left is
so focused on gun control why why do
they care so much about gun control why
does that seem to be the only thing that
matters to them gun control and why is
it that the LGBT community is circling
around to left and wants to import more
radical Muslims to America radical
Muslims who hate gays and want to murder
them will explain that in one second
here's Hillary Clinton she says that
we're gonna learn more about the killer
in the days to come and then she admits
that he had associations with Isis we
will learn more about the killer in the
days to come we know that he pledged
allegiance to Isis that they are now
taking credit and that part of their
strategy is to radicalize individuals
and encourage attacks against the United
States even if they are not coordinated
with Isis leadership okay and what she
says there is true and then she
continues along those lines and she says
we know his motives we know the
barbarity of radical jihadist this is
good language from Hillary Clinton and
again if she says something good I'll
call her on it here's where she says
something good whatever we learn about
this killer his motives in the days
ahead we know already the barbarity that
we face from radical jihadists is
profound in the Middle East Isis is
attempting a genocide of religious and
ethnic minorities they are slaughtering
Muslims who refuse to accept their mid
evil ways they are beheading civilians
including executing LGBT people they are
murdering Americans and Europeans
enslaving torturing and raping women and
girls in speeches like this one
after Paris Brussels and San Bernardino
I have laid out a plan to defeat Isis
and the other radical jihadist groups in
the region and beyond the attack in
Orlando makes it even more clear we
cannot contain this threat we must
defeat it okay all this is fine all this
is good language all of what she's
saying is fine then she spends the last
half of her speech last entire half of
her speech talking about what she really
cares about gun control and stopping
Islamophobia so it's skipped down a few
clips she starts talking about gun
safety regulations and she tells gun
safety regulations and she starts
talking about how this is what's really
necessary in order to save us all I
think it's skipping down six or seven
clubs and yes if you're too dangerous to
get on a plane you are too dangerous to
buy a gun in America now I know some
will say that assault weapons and
background checks are totally separate
issues having nothing to do with
terrorism well in Orlando and San
Bernardino terrorists used assault
weapons the ar-15 and they used it to
kill Americans that was the same assault
weapon used to kill those little
children in Sandy Hook we have to make
it harder for people who should not have
those weapons of war and that may not
stop every shooting or every terrorist
attack but it will stop some and it will
save lives and it will protect our first
responder
and I want you to know I'm not going
this is a bunch of crap what she's
saying right now is a bunch of crap and
this is the problem Hillary Clinton she
saw she pretends that she's dying and
diagnosing the problem then she presents
solutions that are even worse than
Trump's much worse than Trump's right at
least Trump knows who the enemy is
Hillary thinks the enemies the gun first
of all it wasn't even an ar-15 that was
used in Florida it was a completely
different type of gun beyond that it
wouldn't matter if an ar-15 had been
used in Florida did we ban pressure
cookers after the Boston bombing Subban
knives in Israel after they're a bunch
of stabbing attacks okay the idea that
you can stop this sort of stuff from
happening if I turn over my ar-15 to
Hillary Clinton is ridiculous
it's ridiculous to have a bunch of
unarmed people who get shot in her eye
her answer is two unarmed disarmed more
people that's her answer let's take the
guns away from more people that'll fix
everything but this is this is what
Hillary Clinton think she thinks that
that taking away my gun is somehow going
to make the world safer and by the way
her complaint here about the terrorist
watch list this is such a nonsense
argument the argument about terrorist
watchlist
is we don't let people on terrorist
watchlist fly they don't know that until
they try to fly the thing about terror
watchlist is that people don't usually
tend to fly that off and unless they're
people who travel a lot with me most
people don't fly all that often most
people travel once twice a year at
maximum most people actually don't even
travel that much if you're on the terror
watch list you don't know it okay the
idea of the terror watchlist we're gonna
remove rights from you because you got
on the list that you can't get off of
and we have no evidence as to how you
got on it that's all Orwellian isn't it
that's a proud we still have rights in
this country from the same people who
argue that Edward Snowden was a hero
this is kind of weird language isn't it
that if you're on the terror watch list
we should take away your second
Amendment rights Hillary Clinton would
go on to say that if you're under FBI
investigation we shouldn't allow you to
have a weapon how about if you're under
FBI investigation we don't allow you to
run for president she's under active FBI
investigation right now right now today
right but she's saying that your rights
should be removed if you're under FBI
investigation but her rights should not
be curtailed in any way listen if the
FBI has you if the FBI is tracking you
if the FBI has surveillance on you then
the FBI presumably should be able to get
enough evidence to do something to you
in this particular case they stopped
police in this guy in 2013 so let's say
the
it had gone the other way let's say it
lived another 40 years in the country
without murdering a bunch of people at a
gay nightclub and by the way he was gay
too apparently didn't let's say that it
happened would have been okay to ban
guns from him then this is these demands
these these these policies that she's
pushing make no sense whatsoever they
make no sense whatsoever and what
Hillary then goes on to say she says
there's gun control as one of her
policies and also we have to stop
Islamophobia she says that we can't use
language like like Donald Trump's and
she blathers about inflammatory
anti-muslim rhetoric being the real
problem in America
inflammatory anti-muslim rhetoric and
threatening to ban the families and
friends of Muslim Americans as well as
millions of Muslim businesspeople and
tourists from entering our country hurts
the vast majority of Muslims who love
freedom and hate terror
so does saying that we have to start
special surveillance on our fellow
Americans because of their religion it's
no coincidence that hate crimes against
American Muslims and mosques have
tripled after Paris and San Bernardino
that's wrong and it's also dangerous it
plays right into the terrorists hands a
place right in Islam a phobia is what
creates terrorism what absolute horse
crap okay the fact is that Islamic
terrorism radical violence has been
endemic to Islam since the very
beginning okay Islam as a Lang is a
religion of conquering and now radical
Islam has metastasized into the West and
it's turned into you not even conquest
just murder okay I love the idea that
inflammatory anti-muslim rhetoric like
saying radical Islam is bad and like
saying we may have to take a closer look
at the mosques that are being funded by
the Saudi government
we're like saying that we may have to
take a closer look and Muslims entering
the country than we would to
Presbyterians entering the country this
is what hurts us says it hurts the vast
majority of Muslims who love freedom and
hate terror you know it hurts people
more radical Muslim bullets hitting them
in the head in a gay nightclub in
Orlando that's what hurts people more
that's what her
people more but this is Hillary's
message right her message is that you
have to have tolerance for radical Islam
if you want the kind of country that she
that she wants and that kind of country
can tolerate radical Islam so long as
nobody has a gun if we take the guns
away from everybody
radical Islam is no more of a threat
than anything else everything is just
totally fine
here's Hillary Clinton saying that what
we need is a pluribus unum right out of
many one but she doesn't know what it
means here she continues e pluribus unum
one out of many one has seen us through
the darkest chapters of our history ever
since 13 squabbling colonies but aside
their disagreements and United because
they realized they were going to rise
together or fall separately generation
after generation has fought and marched
and organized to widen the circle of
dignity and opportunity ending slavery
securing and expanding the right to vote
throwing open the doors of Education
building the greatest middle class the
world has ever seen
okay so sheshe lumps this all into e
pluribus unum what she really means is
onna pluribus II basically that out of
one we should have many because she
doesn't mean that we should all have a
common idea of freedom and in common we
shouldn't have that the only thing we
should have in common is the government
this is the slogan that President Obama
pushed in 2012 the only thing that
unites us all is the government so we
may not have common ideals of freedom or
religion or decency or not killing gay
people at nightclubs but so long as
we're willing to hand over our power to
the federal government all is good so
well we get from the Democrats and this
is why Trump is rising and this is why
Trump deserves to rise he deserves to
rise right now based on what he is
saying and you know we'll talk about
whether he can continue this in a moment
Donald Trump he's saying the truth about
radical Islam there are certain ideas in
America there are certain ideologies in
America radical Islam is one of them
that we have to fight that have to be
fought that are worthy of being fought
Hillary she thinks the only ideology
worthy of being fought is conservatism
right conservatives are her real enemies
because we like guns and we think the
government is not capable of solving all
of our problems she wants gun control
she wants gun control because gun
control means that to go
it can establish us all as these kind of
little widgets and she doesn't care
about radical Islam that doesn't bother
her and the reason it doesn't bother her
the reason she worries about
Islamophobia is because she believes
that what really motivates people is
what the Left believes what truly
motivates people is not religion is not
is not your deep-seated beliefs about
the nature of the world what motivates
people is materialism what motivates
people is their lack of material
well-being this is why President Obama
for example said Isis needs jobs Hillary
thinks that the same thing that try
Obama says this in his book the same
thing that drives terrorism in Jakarta
Indonesia drives inner city violence in
Chicago this is absolute nonsense it's
not true but Hillary thinks that it is
and so does Obama and so the answer take
the guns away from all of us and it
doesn't matter what we believe because
we can't kill each other only the
government can kill people then and then
presumably radical Islam won't matter as
an ideology so long as we can have a
socialist scheme or redistribute wealth
from the rich to the poor this is what
Marxist materialism would suggest as the
solution so here's what you have you
have on the one hand a guy who says
ideology matters in Donald Trump it's
amazing to say Donald Trump is the guy
who says ideas matter ideology matters
according to Donald Trump ideology
doesn't matter according to Hillary
Clinton all that matters is government
control and redistribution ISM and all
will be well if that makes you come for
an intake a look at Europe because
they've tried that and it's been a total
total failure now can Trump keep this up
confront stay on message we'll talk
about that a little bit more tomorrow
first things I like and then a couple
things I hate so things I like
continuing the sports theme from last
week over the weekend I had a chance to
read Andre Agassi's autobiography open I
grew up as somebody who really didn't
like a guess I thought that like most
people I thought that he was a showboat
I thought of the images everything stuff
the opah the autobiography is really
moving and it talks about a guy who
really had to struggle with personal
demons and what it means to work hard to
be great at something it's a really
really good book really good sports
autobiography one of the better ones
that I've read okay things that I hate
so showing that Democrats have no have
just no concept of decency at all Paul
Ryan is on the House floor and they hold
a moment of silence for the victims in
Orlando and Democrats start screaming
directly through it without objection
five-minute continue without objection
order order without objection
five-minute vote
we'll continue the unfinished business
is on the vote in the motion of the
gentleman from Illinois mr. LaHood to
suspend the rules and pass HR 53:12
unamended on which the yeas and nays are
ordered
the clerk will report the title of the
bill
networking and information technology
research and for other purposes
okay so Paul Ryan tried to hold a moment
of silence Democrats shouted through it
because we need gun control and we need
it now
okay gang this is the problem the entire
left thinks that we are people who don't
care about the deaths of innocent if we
don't want to hand over our guns the
fact is we all care about the deaths of
innocents the difference is that we
believe that what motivates bad people
is their ideas the left believe that
what motivates bad people is that they
are insufficiently they're
insufficiently willing to hand
government power that that's really what
it comes down to okay final point here
this show Hamilton yeah as I've talked
about on Broadway the cast of Hamilton
did the dumbest possible thing in
response to the Orlando attack the cast
of Hamilton dropped the use of muskets
from their Tony Award performance
because of Orlando right so the Tonys
were happening and so they they dropped
the use of muskets which makes no sense
whatsoever
okay muskets were not only part of the
founding story they were the instrument
by which we won our freedom from the
British beyond that the cast of Hamilton
is all gays and minorities right
Broadway is the gayest place on earth
and so they're telling gays you don't
get guns we're gonna take away your guns
symbolically unarmed gay people was the
problem in Orlando because they if there
have been a few arms gay people I want
all the gays to have guns they can shoot
radical Muslims to try to kill them and
I would like that the founding fathers
not be disarmed in the name of in the
name of government dominance and this is
crazy stuff but this is what the left
believes we'll talk more about it
tomorrow I'm Ben Shapiro this is the Ben
Shapiro show
