oh man I was gonna be so funny today I
had an opening monologue ready that
trust me would have made you laugh until
you fell out of your chairs you would
have been sitting there and your cars or
your cubicles or your underground
bunkers you would have been thinking
lord have mercy that Andrew Clavin he is
a satirist of pure genius he combines a
searing intelligence with sparkling
humor and dazzling good looks that make
him almost painfully attractive speaking
in a purely sexual way and all right
that might have disturbed your wife a
little but my opening monologue was so
incredibly hilarious that you would have
thrown caution and gender identity to
the wind
unfortunately these Islamist dirtbags
just suck the humor out of everything I
mean a radical Islamist walks into a gay
bar sounds like the beginning of a joke
but as it turns out not so much instead
it's the beginning of an atrocity an
atrocity like eczema or Sarah Silverman
just isn't funny at all see I was gonna
make some absolutely a bra rias jokes
about gay people suffering from
microaggressions from christians who
disapprove of their way of life because
that's funny but instead they're
suffering from the genuine aggression of
an Islamist creep who felt he had the
right to kill people whose sexual
pleasures offended him and there's no
humor there I had a couple of absolutes
screamers about how the police were out
targeting unarmed black youth because
that idea is funny but instead the
police we're doing what they actually do
which is risking their lives and using
all their ingenuity to rescue people of
every color and kind and there's not a
lot of hilarity and that either when you
come to think about it I had this one
passage believe me you would have
laughed your head off about how the left
was going to blame guns for the killing
and how Obama was gonna make a speech
without even mentioning Islam and how
leftists were going to take to Twitter
to announce that the real culprit was
religion or hate or conservatism or
masculinity but then all those things
actually happened which was a total
comedy killer I also had this whole
uproarious bit about his how Islam was
the religion of peace it made me laugh
just to think about it and then it
didn't finally I was gonna wind up with
my big finish about how these little rad
muhammadin filth stains think they're
going to go to paradise for robbing
parents of their children in the name of
their crap religion and how surprised
they're going to be when instead they
find themselves burning in hell for all
eternity and okay I have to
right this minute I still find that part
kind of amusing trigger warning I'm
Andrew Clayton and this is the end of
Clayton stow all right let's get into
this and I tell you to subscribe so you
can not only I'd like to hear from you
in the in the mailbag we do on Wednesday
so if you subscribe you can add to the
mailbag and send us your comments and of
course you can watch us to do did you
guys see the you get to see possibly
Lindsey came on camera last week did you
see the coyote meme that came of my
Twitter a howling coyote it's more
Lindsey Moreland because my you know
there's my audience these people are
animals it's like that's why we can't
have nice things
leave me I would much rather be kidding
around today and I always say everything
in life is funny except other people's
suffering you know it is a little bit
too much suffering a little too close to
home for really be in a good humor so
let's let's talk about this oh mama team
he's an american-born son of Afghanistan
immigrants the FBI investigated him a
couple times but decided they didn't
have anything really good in him good on
him to link him to Isis he walks into a
gay bar in Orlando opens fire kills 50
people the worst mass killing in
American history mass shooting in
American history over 50 people wounded
here is a witness describing what
happened he first hears the gunfire and
it's a dance club right so he's thought
it was part of the music sounds like
something they come out
around the person next to screaming
there's blood splattering I didn't know
if it was mine or somebody else's the
person I was with was shot in the back
take my bandana off and tie it up but it
enough bullet hole it was in his back so
that he wasn't me
he was leading so bad his whole pant leg
was red and it was still it was so it
was so so it was just my hands were
discovered so during the shooting while
he was talking to police it became a
hostage situation and the cops were
talking to him they say he was very calm
he pledged his allegiance to Isis Isis
has claimed credit for the killing
there's somebody says that Mateen has
been to Saudi Arabia on the Hajj on that
visit Mecca but there's no it's not
clear yet whether he was actually in
contact with anybody although I'm not
sure that matters as we will discuss he
had been a he had a degree in criminal
justice technology and he worked for one
of the world's premier private security
companies g4s and then in 2009 he got
married and bought a home he married an
immigrant from Uzbekistan her name was
Satori ax you see fee and she says that
soon there were signs of trouble in
their marriage I was devastated
shocked starts shaking and crying
because more than anything I was so so
deeply hurt and heartbroken for the
people that lost their loved ones and
the families that are now suffering the
people that are being that are wounded
that are healing a few months after we
were married
I saw his instability and I saw that he
was bipolar and he would get mad out of
nowhere
that's when I started worrying about my
safety and then after a few months he
started abusing me physically very often
and not allowing me to speak to my
family keeping me hostage from them and
I tried to see the good in him even then
but my family was very tuned into what I
was going through and decided to visit
me and rescue me out of that situation
mentally he was mentally unstable and
mentally ill that's the only explanation
that I could give and he was obviously
disturbed it's not the only explanation
because you know the the guy's father
was also selling this line that this
came out of nowhere
I don't know why he did this here's the
the dad talking about what happened I am
as shocked as you are I don't approve
this in the United States anyone has the
freedom and a choice to handle his life
what he likes how to run his life and
nobody has the right to do anything or
impose anything so I don't approve of
him what he did did you know that he had
purchased these weapons no I wish I
didn't know I wish I didn't know if if I
didn't know that he part is the weapon
this would not have happened this is
very hard to understand you saw your son
just hours before he went on this
rampage exactly essentially it was one
person and this person who did his
murderous rampage was another person who
blogged he became another person yeah
only not so much because we now know
that the father was put it on the Today
Show politically active that was early
but it would he was a supporter of the
Taliban and he was posting stuff on
Facebook about gay people and you know
the judgment of on gay people was coming
from God and all this stuff so he was
inculcated with this Islamism from the
start and you know this lady this his
ex-wife you heard her say that she was
still trying the guys beating her up and
she's still trying to see the good in
him which of course we have all heard of
that that syndrome in battered women
where they keep telling themselves the
guy's gonna reform and all the stuff she
was very lucky that her family got on
this and pulled her out of there I mean
that is a very lucky girl because
because that didn't happen so much in
this guy's life in a story that is now
becoming old we said he worked at this
g4s security company this is from media
I eat a former Fort Pierce police
officer who once worked with 29 year old
Omar Mateen the assailant in the Orlando
nightclub shooting said he was said
Mateen was unhinged and unstable
Daniel Gilroy said he worked the 7:00
a.m. to 3:00 p.m. shift with g4s
security at the South Gate of PGA
village for several months in 2014 to
2015 and Mateen would take over for him
on a fer 3:00 to 11:00 p.m. shift Gilroy
a former Fort Pierce police officer said
Mateen frequently made homophobic and
racial comments
Gilroy said he complained to his
employer g4s security several times but
it did nothing because Mateen was Muslim
Gilroy quit after he said Mateen began
stalking him via multiple text messages
20 or 30 a day he also sent Gilroy 13 to
15 phone messages a day I quit because
everything he said was toxic Gilroy said
Sunday and the company wouldn't do
anything this guy was unhinged and
unstable he talked of killing people and
the article points out that following
the San Bernardino mass shooting in
December another man told reporters that
a neighbor of the suspects in that
shooting didn't want to report his
suspicions because he didn't want to be
accused of profiling somebody because he
was Muslim you know in Germany this
story came out last week in Germany
three teenage girls colluded to cover up
sex assaults against them because they
felt bad for their attackers and didn't
want to see them discriminated against
so pupils at the herder school in Kassel
Germany have been subject subjected to
months of sexual assault by much older
migrant males on their way to and from
school dating back as far as September
2015 the three girls aged between 16 and
18 were repeatedly touched
inappropriately and verbally abused but
they refused to report the incidents to
the police or their schools because the
perpetrators were refugees one of the
girls identified by the pseudonym Ana
said of their decision to suppress the
sex attacks quote we do not want
refugees to be discriminated against we
do not want people making sweet sweeping
accusations about migrants and we didn't
want to foment bad blood the school says
many others may have experienced this
harassment as well so we're dealing with
a syndrome right we're dealing with the
syndrome you can't say anything if the
guy is Muslim because that would suggest
that Muslim people are committing more
of these crimes than everybody else
which would be true which wouldn't Cait
in turn caused trouble for them because
of course the truth we don't want the
truth to come out because that would be
a terrible thing let's take a look at
the way this is getting reported first
we'll talk about Obama I mean he has the
same problem right he is he is suffering
from the syndrome he cannot get the
words Islamic terrorism Ortiz
as terrorism or radical Islamic
terrorism or anything having to do with
Islamic and terrorism he cannot get
those words out of his mouth instead we
hear the same old song about guns as if
this guy picked up a gun and that was
the problem and gun forced his hand to
suddenly go around shooting gay people
this was the third Obama cut Obama 3
today marks the most deadly shooting in
American history the shooter was
apparently armed with a handgun and a
powerful assault rifle this massacre is
therefore a further reminder of how easy
it is for someone to get their hands on
a weapon that lets them shoot people in
a school or in a house of worship or a
movie theater or in a nightclub and we
have to decide if that's the kind of
country we want to be and to actively do
nothing is a decision as well see we
could be more like France where they you
know to have the very stringent handgun
bans and this never happens stuff like
this never happens I mean we never have
mass shootings in France or people with
assault assault automatic weapons
breaking into the you know Charlie Hebdo
and blowing people away or breaking into
a rock concert and killing people on
mass by hundreds you know we don't have
that you know we wouldn't have that if
we just had no guns like France does you
know this was like you've got no guns
like England does where they wouldn't
have people getting blown up you know
it's it's it's utter nonsense it's utter
demagoguery nonsense so here's Donald
Trump and this makes Trump look like
some kind of genius right I mean it's
like all he has to do is say that speak
the simple truth the simple simple truth
and suddenly like the guy looks like you
know he's brilliant he was Donald Trump
reacting all of us need to confront
together the threat of radical Islam we
have to do it
now Hillary Clinton or as I call her
crooked Hillary Clinton is crooked as
they come
refuses to even say the words radical
Islam refuses to say the words this
alone makes her unfit to be president in
fact
in fact she wants a 500% increase in
Syrian refugees to come into our country
no good no good no good can't do it we
don't know where they come from where
they are
so now this devolves into a shouting
match what are the protesters protesting
what are they protesting you know that
he says that we shouldn't have waves of
Muslim immigrants coming into our
country the way they do in Germany so
then now the girls get molested on the
way to school and can't even say you
know what did what did he even say what
I mean it's just a little common sense
you know I hate to say it because the
guy is such a belligerent listen to the
way the New York Times reports this I'm
always calling the New York Times a
former newspaper here's why this is
their news story this is not sometimes
they'll put news analysis on something
when they want to express their opinion
this is the news story on Donald Trump
okay Donald Trump this is the headline
Donald Trump seizes on our land Oh
shooting and repeats call for temporary
ban on Muslim migration Donald ray Trump
on Sunday sought to capitalize on the
mass shooting at a gay club in Orlando
reiterating his controversial call for a
temporary ban on Muslim migration to the
United States most people agree with it
by the way it's not that controversial
and criticizing Hillary Clinton for what
he claimed was her desire to
dramatically increase admissions from
the Middle East in a demonstration this
is their news story okay this is their
flat direct this is just what happened
in a demonstration of his willingness to
flout convention and engage in a style
of demagogic politics rarely displayed
by a presidential nominee mr. Trump
claimed he had warned of the sort of
terrorism that marked the shooting okay
here's the report on Obama's speech the
tableau at the White House was
chillingly familiar the somber president
nearing the end of his eight-year term
walked grim-faced to the podium to offer
his condolences promised action in the
wake of suffering and pleaded for a new
resolve that just might prevent more
deaths in a hail of bullets we have to
decide if that's the country well that's
that's their lead I mean you could have
revert you could have written the exact
opposite you could have written the
exact opposite Obama seizes on Orlando
shooting and repeats call for useless
gun ban I mean you could have done the
exact opposite thing and then you know
that they even say the list of tragedies
on President Obama's watch seems
countless by now an elementary classroom
a church a military base a movie theater
and now a gay nightclub the point being
that not all
those were Muslim a taxi it's just it's
the guns the guns were the only thing
that linked these things together and by
the way just in case you think that I
mean the idea at the New York Times I
suspect is there is no truth there's
only our opinions so why shouldn't we
report it as we see it it's just let me
just read you the headline from The Wall
Street Journal which is kind of a
conservative paper certainly
conservative on its op-ed page terrorism
again thrust into presidential politics
the mass shooting in Orlando Florida
elevated an issue that Republican Donald
Trump has been stressing throughout his
presidential campaign the threat posed
by jihadists bent on killing Americans
at home Hillary Clinton his Democratic
opponent on Sunday emphasized other
dynamics let me tell you write a news
lead right that's what a news lead
sounds like it's only the left that's
lying it's only the left that's lying
okay it's only the New York Times that
lies and you know I I swear they go to
work thinking that they're telling the
truth I swear they go in telling the
public service every day every day I
read it the New York Times front page
every day and every day it's a new
investigation into Trump's dodgy
business practices and Hillary Clinton
they are scratching their head they
can't understand why anybody would
dislike her
all right so Hillary Clinton comes out
and she of course you know she at least
now has been forced by Donald Trump and
this is only because of Trump she's been
forced to speak about this she is also
calling for the federal ban on assault
weapons whatever that means to come back
which was removed because it was shown
not to have had any effect so she's
calling for something that we know for a
fact is useless
that's her reaction to this and now
she's questioned on CNN about the
Islamic the problem with not saying the
word Islamic here's her response first
of all from my perspective it matters
what we do more than what we say and no
it mattered we got bin Laden not what
name we called him and I have clearly
said that we face terrorist enemies who
use Islam to justify slaughtering
innocent people and you know what do you
call it radical jihadism radical
Islamism I think they mean the same
thing I'm happy to say either but what I
won't do because I think it is dangerous
for our efforts to defeat this threat is
to demonize and demagogue and you know
declare war
on an entire religion that plays right
into Isis's hands so this is something
that you know we can call it radical
jihadism we can call it radical Islamism
but we also you know want to reach out
to the vast majority of American Muslims
and Muslims around this country of this
world to help us defeat this threat
which is so evil and is got to be
denounced by everyone regardless of
religion so her her argument her
rationale for not being able to link
these attacks to Islam or Islamism is
strategic it's always miss strategic if
we a lien ate all the nice Muslims then
they won't help us find the bad Muslims
as opposed to the rationale that if we
don't speak up against these guys openly
and say this is a problem then the good
Muslims have no cover the guys would
just want to you know nobody cares how
people pray in this country nobody cares
no zero people care how you pray in this
country but these guys are unprotected
when nobody will say its name the they
won't name the face of the destroyer so
that they have no protection at all but
their ideas if you start to engage Maz
Islam then the good muslims will be
alienated okay so she asks the question
what difference does it make as she
likes to say what difference does it
make what you call people we killed bin
Laden why did we have to say that he's
Muslim we killed him what difference
doesn't make it weak say that he's
Muslim here's the problem Obama explains
the problem let's the Obama when in more
of his speech this is the second Obama
cut is more of his speech let's let him
explain what the problem with that is
but this is a sobering reminder that
attacks on any American regardless of
race ethnicity religion or sexual
orientation is an attack on all of us
and on the fundamental values of
equality and dignity that define us as a
country and no act of hate or terror
will ever change who we are or the
values that make us Americans exactly
the values that make us Americans we are
a creedal country we are a country based
on a creed we're not based on race were
not based on sexual orientation we were
based
a Creed our Creed formed us our Creed
makes us see this is this is the
argument of the left the argument of the
left is there can't be any objective
right or wrong because our culture makes
us see right and wrong the way we see it
that's F right that has half right our
culture we have a Creed and they have a
Creed we are linked together as
Americans by our Constitution and a
creed that goes behind it and they are
linked together by a Creed and the Creed
has a name and if you don't name the
Creed you can't fight the creed it's
that so did anybody listen this is a
conservative audience you know I've been
on the I have always all my life been on
the liberal side of the a question but I
know that there are people who and many
of them my friends who in good
conscience are on the other side of the
gay question they feel that gay marriage
shouldn't be permitted they feel that
being homosexual is immoral per se you
know I understand that they're people of
good conscience they have their reasons
we have discussions about it did anybody
in this audience anybody wake up and on
Sunday and hear this news and think good
you know I didn't like those gay people
and they're not really Americans not one
not one here's the thing I you know we
have this impression because we have
been we have been moved toward being
stupid by our educational system they
have taken away from us our are the
basis of our ideas the foundation of our
ideas I was talking to a teacher just
the other day telling me she has to
fight in an English class to teach the
Bible she has to keep fighting because
they keep saying why why are you
teaching the Bible
well you're teaching the Bible because
that's who you are that's who you don't
have to believe in it it made you it
made you the West was formed by
Christianity if you look at the
countries if you look at the countries
that have gay rights that believe in gay
rights you're looking at Christendom
you're looking at countries virtually
without exception not entirely without
exception but almost without exception
you are looking at countries formed by
Christianity when somebody says he is
against gay marriage and when somebody
says he is for it in the West they are
both arguing from Christian principles
one is arguing from the judge not and
one is arguing from the shall mouth
those are both Christian principles in
the Bible it's a fair argument we are
having they hate to hear me say this but
both sides the LME might say this
we are having a family quarrel this is a
family quarrel it's not about whether
gay people have a right to live it's not
about whether we love people it's not
about whether we accept people as they
are it is a family quarrel about the
role of homosexuality in religion in the
spiritual life is it a bad thing per se
or does it not matter as it's just
another form of love that's the argument
we're having as Christians and that is
goes for all of us whether we're Jewish
whether were atheist whether we're
Christian and whether we're true truely
Americanized Muslims we are formed by
Christianity that's the argument we're
having there's no connection to the guy
who says I'm sorry in my church I can't
accept that
gay marriage is right there's no
connection between that guy and this guy
he is coming from another planet another
Creed we are having a family quarrel so
let's you know the question here is how
much of this is Islamism this radical
Islam see this they want to make the
question whether it has anything to do
about Islam earn or not that's not a
question
that's not even there's no debate
there's no debate about that that's just
lying the New York Times is lying
Hillary Clinton is lying you know these
people who go on Twitter and say this
has nothing to do nothing to do with it
their wine that's lying there is a
debate the debate is whether Islamism is
a twisted distorted form of Islam or
whether it's a natural outgrowth of
Islam okay that's that's the debate
that's the argument we have to have the
argument we have to have is are we
fighting with our you know it has not
this has nothing to do with whether a
Muslim person is a good person or not it
has to do with the way ideas form people
you know I'm talking about the way
Christianity formed the West when you
look at the Islamic world everywhere
where Islam is dominant everywhere where
Islam is dominant you do not see that
kind of increasing tolerance you do not
see those arguments between one form of
loving tolerance and another form of
loving tolerance you see something
entirely different everywhere everywhere
Islam is dominant you see inequality you
see oppression you see ignorance
everywhere and that raises the question
whether there is something inherently
wrong with this religion it I'm not I'm
not answering the question I feel that
people who are wiser and more informed
than me should stand up and
this without fear they should go back
and forth on it we should be able to see
that let's listen for a minute to Andy
McCarthy my pal and Karthi great guy who
was the prosecutor on the blind Sheik
case he put the guy away was the federal
prosecutor put the guy away for the
first World Trade Center attack he talks
about he says there are various ways to
interpret Islamic Scripture in order to
attempt to evolve it out of violence
this of course does not change the fact
that supremacist fundamentalist Islam is
legitimate mainstream virulently
anti-western interpretation of Islam but
it does at least mean that there can be
other mainstream versions of Islam that
reject violence and Islam's Politico
legal system Sharia on the other hand is
basically set in stone or should I say
stony he adds the mandate that
homosexuals be killed is not from Isis
or al-qaeda it is from Sharia which
draws on Muslim Scripture you know here
is something that a local TV station in
Orlando WFTV got exclusively this is
from I think two months ago a sheikh
Farrokh Shosh Calabar from iran was
invited to speak at an Orlando mosque
okay this is just a couple of months ago
here's his opinion on the homosexual
question that is the sentence I mean no
there's nothing to be embarrassed about
this
the death is the sentence but we have to
have compassion for people with our
mistakes with his fame out of compassion
let's get rid of him now the reasonable
boys he's the voice in which this guy
reminds me it reminds me the last scene
of psycho
we're like stalking I don't know why the
F trees murdered everybody in town you
know I know why I wouldn't harm a fly
out of compassion we have to kill them
it's why should we be embarrassed about
this you know should be completely
humiliated by it but there is it's a
laugh because of course it ends in
tragedy but there is something hilarious
about this guy with his crappy religion
telling us that we have to kill our
neighbors you know and it's all and we
shouldn't be embarrassed by that
it's just what we have to do the book
says so we have to kill our neighbors
you know anyway this is you know I have
a piece coming out today this morning in
City Journal they called me yesterday
asked me to write about this it took me
hours to figure out what I want to say
because I hate this I hate this thing
that people die parents weep friends are
bereft lovers are bereft and we get into
this political argument where we use
this thing as a football there are
legitimate debates to be had there
legitimate debates but how we handle the
Islamic threat there are legitimate
debates about whether it is just
Islamism or whether it is partly Islam
as well that has to be reformed and
guarded against I mean you know I think
I don't think Trump is saying any Trump
can be a demagogue but I don't think
he's seen anything demagogue like when
he calls for a ban a temporary ban on
Islamic immigration because maybe we
have to rejigger our system to weed
people out more carefully I mean I just
don't think that that is demagogic
or crazy there is this debate to be had
and we don't have it and that's my only
my only issue is this there's this
debate to be had whether this is cancer
on the body of Islam or it's a natural
child and I think that we have to have
that there's no point you know instead
of doing that what we have is we have
the system now we've locked in the
system where we have a debate between
lies and anger you know we have lies on
the one side you know what did what did
Hillary Clinton say is no Muslims have
nothing whatsoever to do with terrorism
lies okay
Sly's and on the other side we this is
rage because when people lie to you all
the time you get angry you know and the
thing is why isn't anger a debate but
who not lies in anger can never be
resolved the lies cause more anger the
anger frighten people into lying I have
to lie or else the angry people are
gonna take over but that's that's the
dynamic we get going and all you can
have in the end is a kind of victory of
one form of stupidity over the other and
that's what this stupid presidential
election is about where the dishonest
left is going to nominate the Avatar of
their dishonesty and the angry right is
going to nominate the avatar of their
rage you know that's what we're gonna
have and neither is the way forward the
way forward is between those two between
lies and anger lies the search for truth
and that is what we have to do we have
to seek out the truth of who it is and
why they are killing us and then we have
to find the ways to stop them if they're
just a fragment of this otherwise
moderate religion fine send our law
officers and our soldiers to kill them
and it'll all be over if in fact we are
in a clash of civilizations if in fact
we're in a clash of civilizations we're
going to have to fight them at every
level of our society in our educational
system at our borders in our churches on
TV we're going to have to gear up and
really participate in this clash of
civilizations so our civilization wins
because it's better alright I'm sorry I
wish I could just kid around and you
know like when we were talking about our
politicians it's all pretty funny
because they're just clowns
these guys these guys are demons let's
let us not stop from having stuff I like
the arts always go on and are always a
consolation we'll do some great film
noir which is some of my favorite stuff
ever Double Indemnity one of the
greatest movies ever made it is one of
the greatest movies ever made one of the
best crime stories it is based on James
M Kings novel of the same name James M
Cain with Dashiell Hammett and Raymond
Chandler are sort of the three pillars
of tough-guy American writing but James
M Kane's
novel was rewritten for the screen by
Raymond Chandler and Billy Wilder
working together they hated each other
while their hated Chaplin he was a drunk
basically however however even James M
Cain admitted that the film of his book
was better than his book and that
Chandler did something to this film he
introduced an element
personal relationships in it that just
didn't exist in the book and it really
is brilliant let's take a look at one
minute just for a little bit of relief
let's take a look at one minute this is
an insurance salesman comes to a femme
fatale and starts the seller insurance
and then starts thinking about something
else as they're talking there are small
insurance man aren't you mr. Neff I've
been at 11 years doing pretty well it's
a living handle just automobile
insurance work of all kinds fire
earthquake theft public liability group
insurance industrial stuff and so on
right down the line accident insurance
accident sure sure mr. dietrichson
we should tell me what's engraved on
that anklet is my name as Reston's
Terrace a letter I think I like that but
you're not sure well I'd have to drive
it around the block a couple of times
mr. Neff why don't you drop by tomorrow
evening around 8:30
he'll be in then sure my husband you
were anxious to talk to him weren't you
yeah I was but I'm sort of getting over
the idea if you know what I mean there's
a speed limit in this state mr. Neff 45
miles an hour how fast was I going
officer I'd say around 90 I suppose you
get down off your motorcycle and give me
a ticket suppose I let you over the
warning this time I suppose it doesn't
take what I have to work you over the
neck off suppose I bust out crying I put
my head in your shoulder well you try
putting it on my husband's shoulder that
tears it
pure Raymond Chandler dialog and of
course the conversation begins just to
be just how much insurance do you
collect if your husband happens to die
and so that's double indemnity one of
the greatest of American films terrific
film noir we'll have more tomorrow we'll
have more on everything tomorrow and
please subscribe so you can get in touch
with us for the Wednesday mail bot bag
that we will talk to you Tuesday
Wednesday and Thursday I'm Andrew Clavin
this is the Andrew Clavin show be there
