The Daily Beast has published an article
called the craziest demands of college
students 2016 here they are in no
particular order I am NOT making any of
these up to man number one abolish
English classes that feature white male
poets Yale students were appalled to
find out that pre 20th century English
poetry was mostly written by pre
twentieth century English poets they
wondered how could a class on the great
poetry of the West not feature even one
song lyric from Kanye fifth-year Yale
sophomore cretan is snowflake said quote
they want us to read ode to a
nightingale I don't even know what an
ode is what am I supposed to do learn
demand number to implement segregated
safe spaces at the University of Arizona
the marginalized students coalition
wants safe spaces for each unique
identity group blacks for instance would
get a residence hall all for themselves
where there'd be black only water
fountains black only bathrooms and black
only sleeping quarters Native American
students would get their own residence
hall to replace the residence hall where
they used to wander free hunting Buffalo
at will
and women would have their own residence
hall where girls could walk around in
curlers and mud packs without being seen
by the boys what an amazing new
innovation many Arizona students say
they fully support the right of minority
students to have safe safe spaces of
their own as long as they don't come out
of them and bother good decent white
folk the man number three no more cross
ethnic culture students all around the
country have been complaining about
people recklessly eating food from other
cultures some students have demanded
that only Chinese people be allowed to
eat Chinese food only Mexicans be
allowed to eat Mexican food and only
Ethiopians be allowed to eat no food at
all until they die pitifully crying out
for just a single morsel which will be
denied them in the name of cultural
authenticity
unfortunately this plan fell apart when
the Mexican food snuck into the American
food when no one was watching finally
crazy demand number four and I'm still
not making this up
micro aggression police students at
Western Washington University are
demanding that the administration create
a fifteen student committee to monitor
racist transphobic cysec six-six-six
sexist misogynistic ablest homophobic
Islamophobic and otherwise oppressive
behavior for instance the students want
non-muslim students to stop running away
from Muslim students screaming oh my God
he's wearing a suicide vest they feel
that instead he should scream thank
Allah he's wearing a paradise
transportation unit students should also
stop referring to African American
students as black and instead refer to
them as deliciously chocolatey people I
just don't happen to want to sit next to
at lunch feminists demanded that male
students learn that when a woman says no
she means no and when she says yes she
means no unless she's really drunk then
she only means no the next morning when
she remembers what she did and feels bad
about herself violations of these codes
would be punishable by death or another
year of college whichever seems worse
trigger warning we have now solved the
problem of why young people support
Bernie Sanders it's because they're
cretins
unbelievable all right I'm very excited
about this show we have one of my
favorite people is coming on the Nolt
inator John Nolte formerly of big
Hollywood and all the Breitbart sites
really the mainstay of the bright words
Bart cites and now he is writing for us
he's writing some pieces for the daily
wire which is great and he is really is
somebody that Breitbart love that I love
and he supports Donald Trump so we're
gonna have him come on and we're just
gonna beat the living crap no we're not
gonna do what they do it Fox where
everybody just yells at each other you
can hear me talk any time we're gonna
let him come on and explain himself and
tell us why somebody that we respect so
much is actually following Trump with as
far as I can tell with enthusiasm
normally this is the point when I would
ask you to subscribe so you can watch
the show as well as listen to it but if
you've ever seen Northey maybe you
should wait a day that's yesterday yes
we have Lindsey on so now we have like
boo
girls on the show you're missing it all
you're missing everything and you can be
in the mailbag which is really important
we actually will stuff you into the
mailbag and then on the show you pop out
you can ask your question oh you guys do
video I heard I heard Shapiro talking
about video questions okay you can
submit can you do that on the site yeah
excellent you can submit video questions
and you will actually be on and then
other people who subscribe can see you
which will we'll find out if that's good
or not alright before we have bringing
all the on we'll bring em on as quickly
as possible because I really want to
hear about this let's talk about the
aftermath of the week because but now
it's basically done there are people
saying Hugh Hewitt was saying though
they should be a delegate revolt and we
should dump Trump at the convention and
over at National Review they're saying
MIT Romney should still win it it's so
running it's over I mean this is over
and there is there is still the opening
of the opening with Bernie which will be
interesting to talk about that in a
minute but first you have to see these
are the two most amazing pieces of video
I will show this week no question about
it this is what you have to now get used
to okay this is what you have to now get
used to if you watch news on television
here is David Muir he is the anchorman
this is the anchorman ubc World News
Tonight this is their main anchorman
announcing Hillary Clinton's clinching
the nomination which actually wasn't
even all that certain that she had but
he's announcing she's clinched the
nomination just before her speech watch
this this is amazing number one history
made eight years ago she lost the
nomination to Barack Obama eight years
later it's her turn Hillary Clinton the
first woman to land the nomination for a
major party for president and overnight
we were the only team allowed behind the
stage before Secretary Clinton gave her
historic speech right there that was the
first time she saw the crowd waiting
after our interview she delivered that
speech ah wow they got to go backstage
with Hillary it's like to you is Justin
Bieber and that would that's the moment
when she actually saw the cheering
crowds and wait that's not even gets
worst play the second cut
that is waiting booth so this is eight
years ago to the day that you concede it
in tonight you will go out there that's
right very different reason that's right
it's also started to
again
is it sleeping in
oh this is sinking it in I could tell me
it's an overwhelming feeling I've heard
you were editing the speech right up
until about 30 seconds ago that's right
exactly do you feel I do she tells me
she will embrace the history oh the
groupies rock concert unbelievable if I
ran ABC news if I ran ABC News and saw
that on my airwaves I would pick up the
phone and I would say Muir it's been
great you're fired
I mean but of course they're not gonna
do that because they're Disney they're
like you know they're they're basically
in the tank already for this dishonest
creepy little woman you know this I so
it's like that is what we're gonna be
dealing with and that's what Donald
Trump is gonna be dealing with too and
the question is I mean my question is a
student of human nature I watch a guy
like that like David Muir and I think
does he hear himself does he know what
he's doing like does he know that he
sounds like a child you know like a
child doing an imitation of a newsman
does he know that he sounds like a
fanboy when he's supposed to be
reporting on the presidency and the most
powerful person maybe on earth person
running for that job does he know that
he sounds like you know this and the and
the other question is do the people know
do people know that their being had you
know when I was a newspaperman I
remember going out to cover a story
about a dam that was supposed to be
leaking and I went out into the
countryside it was way out in the middle
of nowhere and I went to like a general
store and it was like there was still
guys playing checkers on cracker barrels
at this store and I remember coming in
and saying I'm with the newspaper and
they were like and I was like what you
don't trust you know that you don't
trust the newspapers you know I was
stunned it was a kid you know and he
said he said when I look at a newspaper
and it says there's a train wreck I
think maybe that was the dumbest thing
ever they were right I was wrong
I really think so this is basically over
and the only thing left is the drama
with Bernie and this
any Sanders is now in the position of a
woman with a seducer right a woman who
is as a guy who just wants to seduce her
as long as she holds out you know she
can get stuff from this guy but the
minute she gives in it's over he went
there's nothing else that he wants from
her he doesn't want to be nice story
doesn't care about her and care about
her as a person just wants to get into
bed with her bernie is in the same
position as long as he holds out he's a
powerful guy he can demand this he can
the man that the minute he's gone he's
gone they don't care what he wanted to
say you know they want him to rewrite
the platform the platform knock yourself
out Bernie you know when was the last
time you heard the president asked wait
a minute you're going against the
Democrat platform well the platform that
you can stand on the only thing he could
possibly get out of this is if he
convinced them to get Elizabeth Warren
he has moved the party so far to the
left
here's Hillary here's Hillary like
telling you exactly what she got out of
this run for Bernie Sanders this is
Hillary one kicking them one idea that
he's put forward that you want to
embrace that he has really changed your
position on well it's not that so much
as the passion that he brought to the
goals that his campaign set I share the
goals we have different approaches about
how to get there but we are going to get
to universal health care coverage we are
going to raise the national minimum wage
we are going to make college affordable
and we are going to crack down on abuses
in the financial markets that might harm
Main Street again so his passionate
advocacy for a litany of important goals
for our country I think has really
ignited a lot of people particularly
young people and we share so much more
in common than we certainly have at all
with Donald Trump so I think it's going
to be an exciting time to you know bring
our supporters together to you know make
make a commitment to defeating Donald
Trump a translation of that is you lost
Bernie get out can you name one is the
silence after he has the quest
all right let's get to John you know
we'll hear more about that
Bernie his meeting with Obama and Obama
I'm sure will say something nice like by
John Nolte I came to Hollywood too many
years ago to become a filmmaker and
started a blog called Dirty Harry and we
all discovered him we all thought he was
fantastic attacking Hollywood for its
left-wing bias he was discovered by
Breitbart and Breitbart made him the
editor of his first big site big
Hollywood Breitbart and I must have
spent I can't remember how many
conversations we had where all Breitbart
would talk about was how much he loved
John Nolte he considered him as I
consider him one of the most honest
courageous of fighters for the right and
for the Constitution and for America he
is just an amazing if I had to pick one
person who could observe the press at
the same insightful level as Andrew
Breitbart
it would be John Nolte and he is a
pugilist like Breitbart was really just
a terrific part of the this movement
this now shattered limping movement and
he loves Donald Trump so let's find out
why
breem on see there here is the
multivator well I guess I did leave out
the part that you left me in LA you left
LA and left me here by myself that's
like very depressing all right all right
so now you're writing for The Daily wire
which is great and as you know you know
Ben Shapiro is sitting in the back
watching Valkyrie over and over again to
try and figure out where the
assassination attempt went wrong
different you know sides of this I'm
just assuming that at some point you
know you fell asleep next to a big space
pod or something you but I'm right right
you're enthusiastically you're not
holding your nose and supporting Donald
you enthusiastically support yeah listen
I see 99% of the people who have
attacked me as a sellout have not
written a tenth of the criticisms of
their candidate as I did of mine so
there
all hypocrites and liars but I do but
listen I have one guiding principle when
it comes to politics and it's called
beating Democrats that's all that I care
about I'm a yellow dog Republican so and
I'm not as ideologically concerned about
certain things as some conservatives are
and I don't know if you want to get into
that but I watched Trump summarily with
the 16 dwarfs I know that he understands
how to work the media
you win by working the media and I think
he's exciting a group of voters that
have been completely excluded by both
Republicans and Democrats that have to
migrate rage been demeaned by some on
our own side I'm talking about the
working class that have gotten totally
screwed by these trade deals whether you
like him or not you have to admit
there's been a fallout and I think that
he will hit Hillary with everything she
should be hit with and that power like a
little girl like we saw with McCain and
like we saw with with Mitt Romney I
think one of the reasons the Republican
Party's in trouble is because George W
Bush who I admire refused to fight back
and the way that the way that Barack
Obama does I think if he had fought a
little more I think we'd been a lot
better shape we would have certainly
been in better shape in 2006 and this is
the thing I said about Trump since the
beginning he fights like a leftist he
fights like Obama when Obama's campaign
through surrogate accused Mitt Romney of
murder in 2012 of outright murder of
murdering one of his own employees
through cancer or not treated or cancer
or something like that it tells you
everything you need to know we need
someone who's going to call Bill Clinton
a rapist and Hillary Clinton a rape
enabler not talk about entitlement
reform for the 200th year that's
basically why okay okay now here's I'm
not gonna you know I but people can
listen to me on this show anytime they
want so I'm going I want you to talk I
want this is not a point of view who
hear a lot here and I think people
should hear one of I'm just going
but I am gonna run objections by you
things the PA yeah yeah okay so you know
it is true watching when Trump goes
after the right people it makes me laugh
out loud I mean I sit at home when he
just offhand at least says Hillary
Clinton's a stiff I mean I just I fall
over laughing I think he's great that
way the the question is he is a fighter
but is he fighting for the things that
we believe in and that's the thing one
of the big objections is that
essentially he's a leftist he's just
another leftist you know the previous
support for abortion the hints in favor
of government health care the idea that
he keeps saying to people oh I'm going
to give you everything you ever wanted
that the government has this role to
play and in my sense that he's never
even read the Constitution that he
actually has no constitutional thoughts
does it bother you that even though he's
fighting and sometimes fighting the
right people he's he's not fighting for
the things we believe the to most other
than Obama care the two most fascist
Authority atomistic and maybe I've just
made up a word policies to come out of
the government in the last 10 years our
mccain feingold which was a direct
assault on the First Amendment the
government taking a fascist role of
silencing people who wanted to talk
about political speech and Romney care
which is the godmother of Obama care
where Mitt Romney decided that he was
going to force people because they moved
to Massachusetts to buy health insurance
so this idea that that he's looking at
the government is the solution to
everything yeah yeah I have a problem
with it I had a problem with it with
McCain and I had problem with Romney and
there's nothing that the Trump is
suggesting that is anywhere near as
fascistic as McCain Feingold and Romney
care you know does he always fight the
wrong people no but what does the
establishment do what does the
Republican establishment do they always
fight their own look at look at never
Trump these folks can fight they've
shown they can fight they've shown they
can fight dirty but the moment we went
to nomination they was out
hmm they don't fight Hillary Clinton
they don't fight the Democrats they
don't fight Barack Obama at least no
justice does Trump always fight the
right people no but at least he fights
the right guys never fight the right
people we roll over for Candy Crowley we
tell Sarah Palin to shut up when she
when she finally got us to head in the
polls but let's not talk about Bill
Ayers let's not talk about Barack
Obama's shady racialist past so he
fights the right people and is he
fighting for the right things is he no I
listen I wish he didn't see the
government as a solution to a lot of
things but look at what look at the
budget Paul Ryan just passed look at it
look at the things that Mitt Romney and
John McCain think are the correct their
ideas of silencing speech and forcing
you to buy to buy health care look at
look at the neocon perspective and I
used to be a neocon but I can at least
look at the consequences in the last 10
15 years and change that the government
can go into the Middle East
we can't neo-cons believe neocons don't
believe the government can fix anything
here on that they're correct but for
some reason they think we can fix these
cultures there are thousands of years
old
so the neocons got it right domestically
but they're wrong internationally
Trump's got it right internationally
he's got it wrong domestically but I
think he's better domestically than the
neocons are international so so you sent
you sound as if you sound as if you're
so disgusted with where the Republicans
have gone that if Trump were simply a
bomb with a like in the old movies with
a fuse coming out of his head you light
it basically I mean that's you sound
only the Republican establishment needs
to be if Trump you're right yes yes that
the answer your question is yes just
Trump is the battering ram to destroy
the Republican establishment and is that
good enough for me no but Trump's good
enough for me
the Republican establishment has lost
the popular vote in every presidential
election except one since night
I do not need Bill Kristol telling me
how to win elections he is five out of
six and the only one they won was a
reelection of a sitting president mm-hmm
so I don't want them telling me how to
win elections who are these geniuses who
are the geniuses to put money behind Jeb
Bush amazing right trip my track number
isn't an upside down for ten years I
mean it's these people are not smart
they do not win presidential elections
things need to change so here's my major
problem with Trump and I you know cuz
I'm very easygoing I'm not a an
ideologue I believe that politics is a
matter of like inches you win it you
take the ball a couple of yards down the
field that's a that's a good day you
know I've never been a purist I would
have I would have voted for any of the
other Republican candidates although I
really did like Ted Cruz he was he was
like the guy I thought like yeah I
thought you know that was terrific but
but look if Jeb Bush had one I had real
problems with Jeb Bush I had real
incredible problems with Kasich I'd have
you know I'd have slept at night okay my
problem when I look at Trump is a
problem essentially of character the and
and I keep going back to moments when he
has expressed like a violent nature when
he is called on people to beat up
hecklers when he has said oh you know
the army will do what I tell it to do
because I'll be the president you know
this kind of strong man there's
something I keep calling him a
proto-fascist meaning that I don't think
he's a philosophical fascist I don't
think he wants to you know dress up in
funny army uniforms and you know Zeke
I'll or anything like that but I think
there's something in him that resorts to
violence and strongman tactics by nature
and that really disturbs me in the
office that used to be held by George
Washington does that bother you at all
it bothers me but after I will tell you
today that a huge turning point in my
life was when the mainstream media are
garbage media allowed me allowed Barack
Obama to get away with accusing Mitt
Romney of murder and all I care about is
beating Democrats that's all that I care
about and we need an sob no I don't like
it when he does that I don't think it's
I I don't know what is I don't know what
it's thinking is behind
I wish he didn't do it but but we've got
to win and we need someone who's willing
to do anything anything within the law
I'm not I'm not for anything
doing anything illegal and as far as I'm
concerned is did this talk about him
being a proto-fascist this talk about
him his authoritarianism I'll say again
nothing he is proposed realistically
goes anywhere near is fascist as
mccain-feingold and Romney care nothing
he has said the things that concern you
about the violence has touched Barack
Obama's hip back twice as hard if they
bring a knife you bring a gun and just
look at the the violence that's
fermented by the media CNN bringing on
the guy that bomb rushed that bum-rush
Trump CNN Jeannine up all the violence
and they do in these neighborhoods so
I'm not saying that excuses truck but I
you know I'm just not gonna get all
worried about it until he does something
that that breaks the law or when he
actually does call for you know you
punch that guy but for right now this is
the world the media's created this is
the world that Obama's create that's
what's up just very quickly
Trump is conservative enough for me
Mitt Romney Jeb Bush Marco Rubio we like
to say that they're conservative and yet
they're willing to flood this company
with this country with illegal Democrats
until the Republican can never be voted
into office national office again so
they could be conservative on all the
right issues but if they're gonna flood
the country with Democrats it just
doesn't matter
mmm Trump's gonna lower taxes he's gonna
he's gonna protect the border he's gonna
he's gonna be very tough on Isis he's
not gonna get us into stupid wars I was
for stupid Wars I totally admit this but
I've grown out of it and he's gonna
protect our Second Amendment civil
rights and he gets us
he gets that this war on Christmas
drives us crazy he fundamentally
understands these things and the last
point I make and I hope I'm I don't
sound like a filibuster in here no Trump
comes from a different culture
that a lot of people do and I'm not
talking about uture but what Trump does
is called breaking balls that's his
whole thing Trump grew up in Queens
Trump has grown up in on construction
sites so he's I know he was born wealthy
but he's not he's not a dilettante he's
he knows these people he understands
these people and when you break balls
and I was a bill collector for 17 years
I know exactly what Trump's doing when
he does it I know exactly what he says
when he's saying he's just messing with
people he's getting in your head he's
breaking balls and people in the media
and and and in and in the Republican
establishment who have no idea what it's
like on a construction site who have no
idea how certain men especially among
the working class how we talk to we know
there how we talk to wonder how we mess
with one another including our wives
that type of talk that type of joshing
you know while the media these sort of
crybaby metrosexuals and the media they
therefore fact-checking ball buses it's
just hilarious the rest of us listen I'm
running out of time I have to ask ask
you to answer this as quickly as you can
you want to beat Democrats did any of
your faith the Trump could could win did
any of it falter when he made this
remark about the judge and all this
stuff and he if you look at the polls
he's still tied in Pennsylvania he's
still tied in Florida this is a total
media racist would have been Trump
saying that Mexicans are genetically
incapable of being impartial it is not
racist to say that someone who was
Mexican and a member of a racist group
Blanc la raza especially after the
media's been telling us for a year the
Mexicans hate you it is not racist to
say that this guy's probably biased
against me because he's Mexican it's no
different than saying oh the white cops
shot the black guy it's no it compare
that to CNN trying to make a white
supremacist out of Hispanic George
Zimmerman the people understand this
we're out there barbecuing we're not
paying attention what's going to matter
are the conventions and the debates the
rest of it is cable news manufacturing
your
reality that does not exist John I'm so
glad I had you on if only to get to see
your beautiful face and I hope you'll
come back and give you I'll come back
now to talk about it again hi thanks a
lot John Nolte one of the greats just
love the guy and and really made his
case I thought really well and we should
probably have the you know trip hero and
him on and I'll sit between them and
holding them off each other really
interesting
all right stuff I like before we go into
the Clavin last weekend the great
darkness of the Clavin this weekend I
got to play this for you this is Morgan
Freeman reading Justin Bieber's hit song
a dramatic reading of Justin Bieber's
hit song and I'll tell you why I'm
playing it this is grace from Vanity
Fair my name is Morgan Freeman I'm going
to do a dramatic reading from a very
popular songwriter for all the times
that you rain on my parade and all the
clubs you get in using my name you think
you broke my heart oh girl for goodness
sake you think I'm crying on my own well
I ain't and I didn't wanna write a song
cause I didn't want anyone thinking I
still care I don't but you still hit my
phone up and baby I'm moving on and I
think you should be somethin I don't
wanna hold back maybe you should know
that my mama didn't like you she likes
everyone and I never like to admit that
I was wrong and I've been so caught up
in my job didn't see what was going on
but now I know I'm better sleeping on my
own cause if you like the way you look
that much oh baby you should go and love
yourself and if you think that I'm still
holdin on to somethin you should go and
love yourself
all right I love it I play a lot of
songs from the 30s 40s and 50s and
people always say not so old and all the
stuff I just wanted you to hear those
lyrics wrecked that way so you can hear
the lyrics that I'm about to play I'm
gonna play the whole song this is one of
my favorite songs when my favorite set
of lyrics one of my favorite melodies is
by the great great Hoagy Carmichael one
of the terrific musicians of American
music and the great Johnny Mercer took
him a year to commercial a year to come
up with the lyrics for this piece of
Hoagy Carmichael music it is about a
support said to be about Mercer's affair
with Judy Garland his longing for to
have Judy Garland back listen to these
lyrics just listen to the fact that
they're they're not poetry they're song
lyrics and it's something special
this is Linda Ronstadt long forgotten
the kind of cheesy video but very nice
voice very nice version of the song
Skylark
have you anything to say to me won't you
tell me where my love can me is there
in the midst
where someone's waiting to be kissed or
Scylla
have you seen a valley green was spring
can go a journey
the shadows and the rain to cover
music
wonderful music faint as
crazy
a scanner
my heart is writing
so if you see them anywhere
won't you
the music of the night is as sad as a
gypsy serenading the moon it's not
Justin Bieber but it'll it'll do
alright I'm Andrew Clavin this is the
Andrew Clavin show hold on tight the
Clavin last weekend begins but we will
be back on Monday be there
