in the latest proof that modern feminism
harms women a new poll shows that a
broad majority of men say that women
should be drafted into the military 61%
of men think women should be drafted
only 27 percent of men say no 40 percent
of women believe they should be drafted
so a lot more men than women think women
should be drafted presumably there are
more females who identify as feminists
than men so the question becomes why is
it that feminism only runs one way in
favor of special laws favoring women
when it comes to issues like child care
and maternity but against equality of
law with regard to the draft here's the
thing men used to understand that one of
the main hallmarks of masculinity was
the protection and defense of women
despite feminists harpies shrieking on
like banshees about how women don't need
protection treatment of females around
the world demonstrates just how dire
life is for women when men are not
protecting them because then I'm
victimizing them generally men used to
take pride in the idea of protecting
women they used to think that building a
family protecting your wife and children
that's what made you a man in the first
place
now all that makes you a man is your
penis well not even your penis since the
transgender movement has declared that
biological women can also be men in fact
there's no such thing as manhood and
left to brave new world other than when
you have to blame men for violence or
say that we need a female president
because men are so terrible of course Oh
which contradicts itself so why wouldn't
men buy into this brave new world in
this brave new world the great
beneficiaries are men they don't wish to
abide by traditional standards of
masculinity that's boring it comes with
obligations you don't want the burden of
raising kids well good
the equality of sexes says there's no
such burden women are independent they
can get abortions they can raise kids on
their own men don't want the burden of
protecting and defending a wife well
they don't have to marriage is a
patriarchal institution and women's can
just be lesbians anyway men don't want
the burden of protecting women across
society by exempting them from the
military draft well good news the left
has declared that women should be
drafted and then siphoned into combat
units even if that means lowering the
physical standards for service the left
can't complain about men wanting to
draft women so long as they keep
proclaiming that equality of the sexes
requires sameness of the sexes or worse
if they keep saying sex itself doesn't
exist there are plenty of men who are
willing to take advantage of that rather
convenient argument i'm ben shapiro this
is the ben shapiro show to demonize
don't care about your feelings so first
things first you need to go to state
daily wire calm right now and subscribe
to this podcast so you can not only see
my beautiful face and the magnificent
shirts that I wear each today but also
so that you can get your emails in for
the mailbag because the vaunted Ben
Shapiro show mailbag the most exclusive
mailbag in all the land is coming up
today and you could be part of it if you
so chose also there I know there are
people who have actually submitted video
mailbag there was one I think I was
supposed to I was gonna pull it earlier
this week and I just forgot about it but
don't worry we'll do it next week
because I think that it's it's not time
bound but you can send in video
questions if you're a subscriber to and
we are happy to take those as well okay
so this this week has basically been
about how this election is terrible in
fact this entire election cycle has been
about this election being quite awful in
every possible way today I want to talk
about how this election is awful in
every possible way so so I want to start
with with this what's what's happened in
our election and mostly this is gonna be
about Hillary so as you all know I'm not
a Donald Trump then Hillary is the worst
at everything there is to be bad at like
all the things in humanity that you
could be terrible at from basketball to
knitting hillary is awful at being a
human is one of these things donald
trump is terrible and indefensible but
he becomes defensible when you put him
up against the the absolute trash heap
that is hillary clinton so for example
Donald Trump this week here's the
problem okay the people like me I want
to vote against Hillary Clinton I do
Hillary Clinton is awful she's awful
she's a satanic harpy of death okay all
of this is true also Donald Trump is
absolutely indefensible he's just
indefensible so we mentioned this
yesterday earlier this week Donald Trump
went after the judge in his Trump
University case Trump University is the
scam University Trump used to run it was
basically an upsell try basically it was
it wasn't a pyramid scheme exactly but
it felt like one it was a timeshare
routine
you just upsell people on these seminars
that don't really exist and get them to
max out their credit cards and you give
them the hard sell and all this well
Trump was very upset because the judge
in his case said that he was that he
released a bunch of documents in this
case to the general public
here is Donald Trump going after the
judge
I have a judge who is a hater of Donald
Trump the hater he's a hater his name is
Gonzalo Curiel the judge who happens to
be we believe Mexican which is great I
think that's fine you know what I think
the Mexicans are gonna end up loving
Donald Trump when I give all these jobs
okay so why are you mentioning that he's
Mexican in the first place because
you're a racist
okay so I've really hesitated to call
Donald from paresis I've said he's
pandered to racists
this is a racist comment when you say
that somebody opposes you because of
their ethnicity this is a racist comment
okay it's racist if I say that somebody
opposes me just because they're black as
opposed to because there are leftist who
happens to be black then that makes me a
racist if I say that someone holds a
particular opinion because of their race
not because of their a place of origin
or their culture but because of their
race or their ethnicity this judge was
born in Indiana okay he's not even
Mexican born his parents are Mexican
descent
so Trump drops this and then what this
does this opens the door to the entire
left and this is why Trump is sort of
indefensible Rachel Maddow aka the
female Chris Hayes you never see Rachel
Maddow and Chris Hayes in the same place
at the same time did I guess during this
particular broadcast she didn't wear the
the MSNBC smart making glasses that all
of the other hosts wear but Rachel
Maddow she goes after Donald Trump and
here's the problem I think Rachel Maddow
is is wrong on everything but she isn't
totally wrong here
the judge who happens to be we believe
Mexican the judge is not Mexican the
judge was born in the state of Indiana
the judge is American the Donald Trump
is more than insinuating that the judge
is miss handling this particular case
related to Donald Trump because of the
sound of this guy's name because maybe I
we think he's Mexican these things used
to be at least a little ambiguous not
anymore
okay so we can stop there I think they
don't recognize the judges I don't care
because I don't care I have a judges
very unfair look why mention that the
judge you know I can because I'm a man
of principle the Republican candidate
for president this year is flat out
attacking a
in a case mr. Trump is involved in and
he's attacking the judge explicitly and
unambiguously on the basis of the judges
ethnicity he's been doing that for
months with this judge even before that
judge today released some pretty damning
records about Trump University so we've
got what we need but that's she's here's
the problem you can't actually argue
with what she's saying because what
she's saying is actually true
right even when I was on megan kelly
with a trump defender he was basically
admitting that this was basically true
so Trump says things that are
indefensible all the time and every day
there's gonna be more that comes out
about Trump that's almost indefensible
so here's Trump circa 1994 for example
talking about his first wife and why
they broke up and he says the reason
they broke up is because his wife had
the temerity to get a job think that
putting a wife to work is a very
dangerous thing I mean we'll make we'll
do an educational program here okay if
you're in business for yourself I really
think it's a bad idea to put your wife
working for you I think it's a really
bad idea I think that was the single
greatest cause of what happened to my
marriage with Ivana well okay I think
the single greatest cause is probably me
nailing other women on the side that was
probably why things started to fail
there because you're an egomaniac who's
nailing women on the side by the way if
you want to say working with your spouse
is a mistake that's one thing but
putting your wife to work and the entire
clip he says I don't want to sound
chauvinistic but putting your wife to
work is a really dangerous thing this is
this is borderline defensible but it's
not all that defensible now what's
what's funny is that there are people
like me I want people to go back in the
Wayback Machine with me all the way back
to October so back in October I spoke at
the University of Missouri and I was
specifically asked about voting for
Trump and I said I would vote for a
flaming pile of dog crap over Hillary
Clinton the flaming pile of dog crap in
this case being Donald Trump and then
over the next few months his character
was exposed and by March by early March
I declared I could not vote for him I
can't vote for Donald Trump David French
who's going to probably run for
president as sort of the never Trump
ticket guy David French who the
columnist for National Review we talked
about at length yesterday people in the
in the Trump campaign are trotting
around this clip of David French from
last November saying basically the same
thing that I said in October here's
David French talking about whether he'd
vote for Trump
so what do you do if Donald Trump does
indeed win the nomination what do I do
by vote for Donald Trump I'm not one of
these Republicans who said are
conservatives who says well I'm just
going to take my ball and go home as
much as I don't trust that Donald Trump
is going to go into office and advance
the conservative values that he claims
to have recently embraced and as many
concerns as I have about some of his
other positions he's not in the same
league as a Larry Clinton who I believe
should be indicted before the election
for her mishandling of classified
information or a Bernie Sanders a
socialist who just proposed one of the
largest government expansions and tax
increases and in human history he's just
getting started so there's some people
so the Trump people are trotting this
out as proof that David French really is
just he's incoherent he flip-flopped on
Trump new evidence means you change your
mind about people Trump has provided a
bevy of new evidence every single day
and has made people who actually wanted
at one point to defend Donald Trump into
people who cannot defend Donald Trump
look back look at my pieces look at my
coverage of Donald Trump at Breitbart at
daily wire look at both of them I've
written many pieces from Joe lot from
June when when Trump declared all the
way up through February where I was
defending and even now where I defend
Trump from charges that I think are
false about Donald Trump however however
new evidence means you change your
opinion and Donald Trump just says too
many things that are indefensible now
Donald Trump has the benefit of running
against a woman who's even more
indefensible than he is so Hillary
Clinton has trotted out this week her
new strategy for attacking Donald Trump
and it's the same as her old strategy
for attacking Donald Trump her old
strategy for attacking Donald Trump was
basically I'm going to hit him on policy
I'm gonna say he's incoherent the New
York Times today runs this piece that
about Hillary's speaking in San Diego
today and they say that she's gonna make
an argument quote the argument will
include specific criticism of comments
mr. Trump is made about rethinking the
u.s. his support of NATO his proposal to
allow Japan South Korea and Saudi Arabia
to acquire nuclear weapons has now to
temporarily bar Muslims from entering
the United States and his pledge to
advance the use of torture and kill the
families of suspected terrorists but
mrs. Clinton will
so invoke her experiences as secretary
of state including in 2011 when she
supported President Obama's decision to
send Navy SEALs on a raid in Pakistan
that killed bin Laden and she's gonna
make the case that mr. Trump does not
have the temperament to make such
decisions okay so here's the problem for
Hillary Clinton and it's problem for the
media too so a lot of the critique she's
making of Trump are totally valid his
comments about NATO are asinine his
proposal to allow Japan and South Korea
and Saudi Arabia to go nuclear is
ridiculous
his proposal about barring Muslims from
the United States is ill grounded as I
have explained before Muslims entering
the United States should be given a
higher level of scrutiny but to suggest
that no Muslim ever should get into the
United States assumes a level of
incompetence by our authorities that
would result in nuclear war no matter
what but here's the problem for Hillary
she can't argue any of these things she
can't argue any of these things
Hillary is sort of the the democratic
extension of what I said about the media
yesterday the media can't argue that
Donald Trump is dishonest when they have
spent the last 40 years being wildly
dishonest today for example CNN ran a
Chiron about Donald Trump Trump said I
never said Japan should have nuclear
weapons he did say that Japan should
have nuclear weapons
so CNN ran a Chiron and it said Trump
says he'd never wanted Japan to have
nuclear weapons and then in parentheses
they put not true or he did right well
where was where exactly was CNN when it
was President Obama pledges you can keep
your doctor parentheses not true all
right you're gonna fact-check people you
have to fact-check everybody Trump has
played on the fact that the media is so
biased in order to destroy the media now
it's very easy for him to to play the
same exact game with Hillary Clinton
because Hillary can make all of these
well-founded accusations against Trump
but frump has the easiest comebacks in
the world available first of all if
Hillary is trying to suggest that Trump
wouldn't have pulled the trigger on bin
Laden that's asinine Trump certainly
would have pulled the trigger on bin
Laden because anybody with half a brain
would have killed the trigger on it
would've pulled the trigger on bin Laden
Obama delayed and shilly-shally defer
for literally days well we had this guy
in the cross hairs the fact is it's not
gonna be a tough thing to convince Trump
to go after bin Laden it's gonna be a
tough thing to convince Trump from going
after Rosie O'Donnell and we're not
gonna have a problem trying to convince
from not to shoot to shoot people we're
gonna have a tough time convincing from
not to shoot people but the problem
Hilary Clinton is that Hillary as I've
said before is bad at everything and
also indefensible so for example she
sent out this stream of tweets about
Donald Trump and Trump University and
it's the easiest thing in the world the
easiest thing in the world for Donald
Trump to come back at all of these which
is why in a debate between Hillary and
Trump there's no guarantee Hillary does
well she can't even beat Bernie Sanders
in a debate so for example she tweets
Trump University employed instructors
with no experience and lied to sell
outrageously expensive packages in a
word fraud all he has to say back to
Hillary Clinton is Clinton Foundation
right she talks she tweets it's one
thing to sell steaks using a name as a
marketing ploy Trump's company
intentionally put people at risk
lady you went to sleep while four
Americans were fighting for their lives
on a rooftop in Benghazi and you
intentionally put America's national
security at risk so you could keep all
your emails on a private server so that
nobody could know what you were talking
about right all of these are the easiest
comebacks in the world right here's
another one Trump's candidacy is built
on his business credibility but his
business record matches his character
his only concern is his own profit says
the lady who took 200 grand from Goldman
Sachs to give a speech she won't release
to the general public and she says the
Trump University cons has a lot about
Trump if you can't trust him with your
personal finances how can we trust him
with our country hey Hillary you were
broke when you got out of the White
House darlin and then terry mcauliffe
guaranteed your personal home loans that
you could establish fake residency in
New York for purposes of running for
office and then you traded favors at the
Clinton Foundation from the Secretary of
State position for cash donations to the
Clinton Foundation's like again the
easiest thing in the world
Hillary is so dirty she's so dirty that
basically all Trump has to do is the old
third grade routine I'm rubber and
you're glue everything that you say
bounces off me and sticks to you right
that's it that's all Trump has to say
and it's totally true but Hillary's
gonna try anyway because she doesn't
really have an angle on Trump the
problem is she's so dirty she has no
angle on Trump so here's Hillary making
the case against Trump is saying the
Trump scams America you can see this is
this is gonna have no resonance at all
this is just more evidence that Donald
Trump himself is a fraud
he is trying to scam America the way he
scammed all those people at Trump you
he's gonna scam America Hillary your
entire career has been scamming America
your entire career has been built off
your husband goodness gracious
and this is this is week t and she's
terrible here's the thing she's also
terrible at just acting like a human so
Donald Trump is genuine on camera he's
the most he's the most insincere sincere
person you've ever seen right all the
things that he says are absolute
nonsense but he's totally sincere when
he says them and it comes off on camera
here's Hillary Clinton attempting to
impersonate a human her programming you
can almost did this this clip would be
better if in your head you're playing
Hillary Clinton getting off her campaign
bus and being greeted by Senator Cory
Booker in New Jersey yesterday folks you
really shouldn't subscribe just so you
can see clips like this here's Hillary
Clinton impersonating a human woman as
she as she arrives in New Jersey and you
wonder why she's having a tough time
it's impossible to defend this lady gang
impossible here we go Secretary Clinton
driving right here this is a very
exciting just putting you on my snapchat
welcome to Jersey oh my god you're
scaring the children Hillary don't do
that it's very frightening first for
folks who can't see this she gets off
she starts waving her arms around and
dancing toward the camera and then she
sticks her mug right in the camera just
I'm in Jersey and it's like the maw of
hell opening up right in front of the
camera it's like the scene from this
actually is like the scene from
ghostbusters where suddenly a marvel
opens up behind Sigourney Weaver and
this is this is this is that and that
punim that that face that delightful
village could be the presidents of the
United States people look at this they
go oh my god this crazy old bag lady is
gonna be the President of the United
States or we could have the least
amusing crazy real estate guy who used
to be a reality TV star she's so
vulnerable she's so deeply vulnerable
the more you see of her the more you
think of it or anybody but Trump this
would be a walk you know Trump Trump is
sort of the antidote to Hillary but
she's also the antidote to Trump because
the fact
is that everything that Trump says about
her she can say about him so it works
both ways everything she says about him
he can say about her everything she says
about him everything he says about her
she can say about him so it works both
ways there are the equivalents of one
another but again they're making the
case in order to make the indefensible
defensible for Donald Trump all you
really need and this is the case that
again this is the case that's made vote
for Trump over Hillary all you need is
somebody just terrible enough to not be
to not be Trump Hillary Obama that
entire administration are so terrible
that it makes it very easy for people to
look and then pull the trigger for for
Donald Trump so just to extend this
Hillary Clinton State Department you
know she doesn't no longer runs the
State Department but the State
Department she staffed that State
Department you remember we talked about
this a few weeks ago they chopped out a
section of a State Department press
conference in which a tough question was
asked about Iran they sliced it out
because they didn't want that to be
exposed that they had lied about Iran
now the State Department is is is
thanking the first they said we didn't
cut this out on purpose it was just a
big mistake the section that we cut out
we didn't cut it out on purpose it was
just a huge huge error oopsies can't
imagine how that happened now they're
admitting that it was in fact cut out it
wasn't a mistake here it wasn't Fox News
that thanking Fox for uncovering the
edit well we we took this seriously for
one brand actually before I answer your
question i want to thank james rosen
your correspondent for bringing this to
my attention because if he hadn't a
couple of weeks ago i would never have
known that that this occurred so first
of all kudos to him and i he's a
journalist that i have great respect for
so i thank him for that
number two we took it seriously and we
did talk to the technician who was on
duty that day and who was asked to make
this cut and the call that came in to
her was actually a call from somebody
else passing on a request from another
official and that's why it's sort of oh
it was two removed okay so he's thanking
them now oopsies are bad yeah you're
lying you're lying I mean it was cut out
on purpose obviously some people look at
this and they go well at least Trump's
honest he's not but at least he's more
honest than these people right then you
get President Obama Obama's now opening
up on Trump too and he says he doesn't
want to mention Trump's name because
Trump is so arrogant here we go why
don't you mention Donald Trump by
you know he seems to do a good job
mentioning his own name so I'll let him
do his advertising form okay oh he
mentions his own name enough says the
most arrogant man ever on the planet
forever for eternity says a man who
literally accepted his nomination on a
Greek pantheon stage surrounded by
columns in a stadium of 60,000 people
and declared himself a blank screen upon
which people could project their visions
of humanity yeah that guy's criticizing
Donald Trump and it's so easy to fall
into this trap folks it's so easy to
fall into this and say yeah God I mean
these people they can't there's no fair
criticism of Trump because all these
people have they have blown their own
credibility they've blown their own
credibility and so we laugh when they
blow their credibility we laugh women
when they make that clearly Trump is
under Obama's skin and it's humorous
because people who been trying to get
under Trump's skin under under Obama's
skin for his entire presidency and Trump
does an effort a little is effortlessly
because he's a troll so for example
here's Trump here's Obama speaking
yesterday people are making a big deal
out of this because suddenly Obama this
this glib smooth guy on the stump
suddenly he's reduced to a stammering
recommend if we turn against each other
based on divisions of race or religion
if we if we fall for you know a bunch of
okey doke just because it you know it
you know it sounds funnier the tweets
are provocative
then we're now gonna build on the
progress that we've started okay okay so
number one I think this is being a
little bit exaggerated to be fair to
Obama which I never am but to be fair to
President Obama Obama has always been
bad off the teleprompter once he get
tough to teleprompter he stammered his
way through through I mean you can find
highlight clips of Obama just saying ah
right cuz that's his go to his yeah you
can find clips of this but it's true
clearly Trump is under Obama's skin a
little bit and that's enjoyable because
everybody looks at Obama and they say
you are in you're not just a tool you're
an entire tool bag I mean you're you're
the entire Home Depot tool section so
when someone gets under your skin we're
happy about that when Trump gets under
the skin of people like Joy Behar over
it over at the view which is the
repository for all stupid on planet
Earth of you Joy Behar first of all this
is everyone on this show you know I'm
that this show is our show is both
visual and audio and we deserve it
because I'm a deeply handsome human but
the look on the the who'd show I mean
it's it's they've reduced me to to Obama
level stuttering here because you just
you look at that you look at the people
on the view and you think how did anyone
think putting these people in front of a
camera would be a good idea for
technology and the world here's Joy
Behar explaining the Trump as a
crackhead Majan him like offending a
judge he's like your honor that dumb
robe like you know the other thing is
that North Korea is excited about him
being president well you know what Chris
Rock says crack can go with crack head
one of the guys from new joy
crack a golden crack in joy Behar what a
delight she is so if Trump gets under
her skin and from gets under the skin of
Raven Symone you think that that bothers
Trump one iota Trump loves it
Trump loves it as I've said the entire
election cycle Trump's a hammer in
search of a nail and there are nails
everywhere there are nails everywhere
the problem is that there is a
conflation now and the conflation is he
has the right enemies therefore he must
be saying the right things this is not
true this is not true Trump certainly
has the right enemies and it's fun to
watch him smack them for example here's
Donald Trump going off on President
Obama in response to Obama ripping him
they have no respect for a president
they think he's a total lightweight and
now he's going to be campaigning and you
know what he shouldn't campaign he
should go out and do the job that he's
supposed to be doing not campaigning
okay so you should go out needs duty and
that's that's right that's right
you know people people look at Trump and
they say that's that's exactly right and
Newt Gingrich gives the same sort of
critique he says you know Hillary
Clinton is Obama Plus corruption he's
never going to talk about what a great
guy Trump is but he'll talk about how
terrible for his opposition is and he's
right he's right if we go four more
years of Obama which Hillary represents
will get the government we deserve and
it's not gonna be good oh we got it we
got to take a break but go ahead final
thought Hillary is Obama Plus corruption
wow that's a good line I wish I'd
thought of it okay so he says I wish I'd
thought of it and of course he of course
so in any case the it so in any case the
idea is that the Trump has all the right
enemies therefore he must be doing the
right things and here's where the
crucial conflation takes place this is
the thing that I'm worried about Trump
does have the right enemies a lot of bad
people have the right enemies you can't
conflate he has the right enemies with
he's saying the right stuff so to take
an example Milo gianopolous who started
off having the right enemies and he has
a lot of the right enemies the feminists
don't like him
social justice warriors don't like him
Milo is is a is not a good guy
Milo is somebody who panders
the alt-right neo-nazi clique he calls
them trolls he pretends that
anti-semitism and racism are just people
cleverly getting off and and just
because he has the right opponents
doesn't necessarily mean he's saying the
right things but because he has the
right opponents and because he has a
British accent people think that he's
wise and smart so here's my low talking
about the bogus cult of social justice
and what he's saying here is exactly
right what my low says here is exactly
right and this is a very Trump thing my
milos basically Trump's kind of shadow
he just imitates Trump and everything
from his tweeting to his to his speech
patterns here is here's my low doing his
best Trump impression correctly
diagnosing the problem of social justice
warriors but offering exactly the wrong
solutions very often there's no question
whatsoever that American college
campuses and the American media is
infected with the disease social justice
it may have it may have started on your
side be propagated by people from your
side did you I mean are you responsible
for this The Young Turks were you ever
talking about it's true everyone ever
ever ever on film complaining about
sexism everyone film complaining about
anyway I think that there's something
very wonderful happening in politics I
think Trump is doing it in media and on
campuses I think I'm doing it in media
you're doing it too pushing back against
the people who want to control what you
say what you think what you do who you
read what video games you play what
language you can use how you can dress
who you can hang out with that's over
now
okay it's all done all this sounds great
all this sounds great and by the way it
is it is fun to watch Milo's
transformation from a normal-looking
fellow into a gay stereotype from 1982
but when Milo says this stuff this is
exactly right I mean what he's saying is
exactly right it's fun to watch the
social justice warriors get what's
coming to them
we do need a freer more more tolerant
society for all types of speech all
that's true then he says that it's
you're doing some sort of great service
if you if you say things that are
actually terrible he acts like there's
no such thing as a thing that's terrible
I argue you have a right to say terrible
things but there are terrible things
that can
said Milo makes the argument there's no
such thing as a terrible thing that can
be said all the terrible things that are
said if you take offense it's because
you're a weakling it's because you just
you you don't understand what the person
is trying to say they're just joking
they're just trolling Milo you know
wouldn't know the difference between an
al-qaeda tweet and some of his all trite
tweets but I guess they would both be
just wonderful examples of trolling
presumably again Milo has the right
opponent and he has the and he has the
the wrong solutions and this is fairly
typical and we're starting to see this
conflation this conflation between right
opponents wrong principles and this is
what I don't like about the Trump
movement he cites Trump as an example of
this I've said all along Trump's
political incorrectness half of its
political incorrectness half of it is
actual jackassery right it's not
political in correctness when you say my
judge is a Mexican that's why he just
likes me that's you being a piece of
work right it is politically incorrect
to say Islam is linked to terrorism
politically incorrect true right but
they don't they don't make this
distinction because again Trump is
pissing off all the right people so it
must be okay rush limbaugh makes that it
makes the same mistake so Russ was
talking about Donald's right and I love
Rush I mean I'm a big fan I've been a
huge fan of Rush since birth I've only
framed one interview that I've ever done
in print it's my interview with Rush
Limbaugh on the Limbaugh letter in
January of this year I'm a big Rush
Limbaugh that but Rush is wrong here so
rush you know he says that Trump bashing
the media is exactly what the media
deserve totally agreed but with watch as
he conflates Trump's dishonesty with
Trump bashing the media say what you
will about Donald Trump how many years
have people been begging for a
Republican to just once take on the
media the way Trump did all the way from
the premise to the details to the
motivation he took them all on and the
PS that is these losses some journalists
and mr. Trump mr. Trump and by the way
these people in the media they may hate
the guy but they cannot stop covering
okay they hate them they can't stop
covering him he and he went through the
details know when we went through this
yesterday Trump is actually wrong on
this he didn't turn over the money until
he was pressured to turn over the money
and then he claimed everybody was bad so
again you're conflating the fact the
press sucks and you want people to
attack them I agree
with Donald Trump must be honest I
disagree okay and this conflation is
going to lead to embracing a lot of bad
positions because it's gonna you watch
we will go from Donald Trump is right to
be politically incorrect but it's
uncomfortable that he that he's
targeting Mexican judges too well it's
okay that he's targeting Mexican judges
it's just politically incorrect and we
all know that Mexicans are gonna be anti
Trump because being from Mexico means
that you're anti Trump cuz you're anti
white and you're and you're La Raza
right but you watch this conflation will
happen you'll see this slide from the
decent to the indecent because people
want to fall in love with the person
they're backing against the opposition
they want to ignore all the things that
are wrong there's a halo effect that
exists in human psychology and the halo
effect typically is associated with
beauty so if you see a good-looking girl
for example you're gonna tend to think
that she's smarter than she is if you
see somebody who is charming and gonna
think that they're also rich it is the
way that it works there's a halo effect
that that if you like somebody you tend
to whitewash everything they do people
like Trump because of who he's hitting
and they're whitewashing everything that
he does and makes it really easy to do
that when his opposition is really so
terrible on the left side of the aisle
and they are they're so awful and
Hillary Clinton is so awful at this and
so it's going to make this conflation
ever bigger and that conflation is gonna
take over the party it's gonna take over
the conservative movement there's a poll
today it shows that Republicans are
consolidating behind Trump more than
they have consolidated behind any
Republican candidate since 1980 except
for Mitt Romney in the last election
cycle at this point in time so this idea
that there's a bunch of us these never
Trump errs we're gonna sink the the
Trump movement there aren't that many of
us there aren't that many of us there
are some of us who think that principle
matters more than than just electing
somebody who's going to rip away all
those principles that a lot of people
who gonna jump on the bandwagon and
claim that Trump is the greatest thing
since sliced bread
they're not gonna fight against the
social justice warriors they're gonna
pretend that Trump is their fighter and
channels all of their all of their anger
and it's going to bleed over into if
you're in for a penny in for a pound
with Trump is sort of the short story of
this you're in for a penny are in for a
pound
and so the same Trump who says the stuff
about Mexicans is the same Trump who
says the stuff about the media so you
like what he says about the media unless
you're willing to sit there and parse it
and point out honestly what he says
that's good and what he says that's bad
you're gonna wind up in the same barrel
as Donald Trump okay and the
final the final note here you're going
to end up doing exactly what what this
guy does there's the Trump a video of a
Trump Latino supporter and this of
course is big news because we found the
one Trump Latino supporter and he is and
he cut this tape that's now gone viral
because from supporters are very into it
watch the glowing glowing terms in which
he speaks of Donald Trump this is the
Trump cult right you have to be he can't
just be pro Trump to stop Hillary you
will be forced to be enthusiastic about
Trump you will all these people who are
sitting on the fence saying that he's
just the the better of two bad options
you there will be pressure for you to
start defending all the crappy things
that he does and you'll do it you'll do
it a lot of you will do it
here's it here's proof my name is Angelo
Gomez and I have something very clear to
say to the liberal media and Hillary
Clinton yes I'm an American Latino who
supports Donald Trump yes I come from a
family rooted with immigrants and I
support Donald J Trump to be the next
president of the United States I support
Donald Trump with every ounce of my
being for the very reasons that for this
country that the Constitution that the
flag behind me was founded upon and
that's putting the American people first
that's putting this country first
for too long the American people have
had a commander-in-chief who has put
them last we are in the position we are
in today because of Ana competent
commander in chief because of
politically correct politicians who have
lied to who have cheated Americans and
that can no longer happen Donald Trump
every single one of his policies is
about putting Americans first
it's about being not politically correct
it's about telling the truth to
Americans Donald Trump has a track
record of success Donald Trump has a
track record of not being politically
correct and that is why I support he
will bring this
back you agree our jobs back he will
heal our economy he will put Americans
first and that is what matters
Hillary Clinton is the face of an
incompetent politician okay I - that's
enough so what he's saying about Hillary
and what he's saying about and what he's
saying about Obama all that's totally
true it's totally true but he has to
conflate that with Donald Trump is the
orange god king who'll descend from on
high and save us all okay and Trump is
he's gonna tell these people are gonna
be very disappointed if Trump is elected
cuz he's not gonna be able to actually
do all the things he's promised he's
going to do right and here's it's a sad
fact it's a sad fact it's just a sad
reality that I'm gonna show you two
clips now Barack Obama and one of these
clips is actually right and Trump is
wrong and that's sad okay here's Barack
Obama talking to a group of industrial
workers in one of these kind of hard-hit
white areas and and he says you know
you're asking me to bring jobs back I
can't do that for those folks who've
lost their job right now because a plant
went down to Mexico you know that isn't
gonna make you feel better and so what
we have to do is to make sure that folks
are trained for the jobs that are coming
in now because some of those jobs of the
past are just not going to come back and
when somebody says like the person you
just mentioned - I'm not going to
advertise for that he's gonna bring all
these jobs back well how exactly are you
gonna do that what are you gonna do
there's there's no answer to it he just
says well I'm gonna I'm gonna negotiate
a better deal well hot what how exactly
are you going to negotiate that what
magic wand do you have and usually the
answer is you doesn't have an answer
okay what he said there every word of it
is true
every word that Obama this is the first
time in his entire career is not lying
me the second time he talked about
campus censorship he was right about
that he's everything he says here is
true technology is what is killing jobs
it is not outsourcing and the fact is
that if you want to talk about why this
is happening bringing jobs back to the
United States you could do some of it by
getting rid of Obama's regulations but
that's not what Trump is talking about
contrast what Obama is saying about the
economy with what Trump says he's going
to do with the economy
let them tell them you're gonna pay a
damn tax when you leave this country and
you think of it a sell product because
we're all so stupid we have leaders that
don't know what they're doing we have
leaders that are stupid people and we
have leaders that are corrupt people
that control by their campaign
contributions and believe me if I were
an office right now Karia would not be
leaving Indiana that I can tell you that
I could say hey he says that if you were
in office he'd be basically borrowing
companies from moving their jobs to
different locations in or outside the
United States he's gonna bring all the
jobs back you can't buy into all of this
shit so what what if we won nothing over
the last 16 years of politics you learn
nothing over my lifetime in politics
don't trust politicians don't trust
promises they make you okay the person
who promises you least is the person who
you can probably trust the most because
they can all make promises but none of
them can cash it and if you're going to
hit Trump with the with the bright
glowing light of the halo effect because
you you think that he's right on Obama
be careful because you're gonna be
buying into a lot of really bad policy
by the way Trump is actually going to
create an economic recession with his
trade policies if he carried them out
they're really really awful okay time
for the thing I like and then a thing I
hate and then some mailbag okay thing I
like my wife and I are now obsessed with
the show it's it's really bad because we
have two children our first child is our
first child goes to bed
she's two-and-a-half she goes to bed
around 8 o'clock every night and then if
we were smart we would also go to bed
within like half an hour because we have
a second baby and the baby baby boy he
is he's got his days in his nights mixed
up so he's been staying up all hours
partying it up till 3:00 in the morning
and and you know forcing me to sleep in
another room basically if I want to get
any sleep at all and my wife is on the
verge of collapse part of the reason for
that is because we're stupid and so what
happens is that the first baby goes to
bed and then we sit there the second
baby sort of falls asleep which we
shouldn't let him do and we sit there
and we watch this show the man in the
high castle this show is terrific we're
now six episodes in and it's it's been a
it's a phenomenal show I mentioned turn
yesterday this is the other show that
she and I enjoy watching more these are
probably in my opinion the two best
shows on TV man in the high castle and
I'll explain
why in a second here's what the trailer
looked like for season 1 what is this
newsreel film shows everybody no war we
didn't win the war
so it's showing all these pictures what
New York would look like people
controlled by the Nazis we have a better
world number of those who seek to drag
us all backward we have arrested
suspects smuggling subversive films that
film shows the world not as it could be
things has to be about something more I
need answers
is gonna have to shut the ball crepey
but it's really it's a really good
series the production values are
incredible it's it's a terrific terrific
series it's based on a book by Philip
Cade Zac the book is not good this is
the thing about philip k dick philip k
dick is not a good writer he has
fantastic concepts and then he has no
idea where to go with them his concepts
are great and then he has no plot and no
character this is and there's so many
good movies that have been made out of
philip k dick stories you know Blade
Runner was made out of philip k dick
story called why to do a do robot stream
of Electric Sheep I think and and then
there was another movie called Minority
Report that was that was based on
another philip k dick short story this
one is based on a book called the man in
the high castle by philip k dick it's
not a very good book I've read it but
the concept of it is great and they've
taken all that they basically took the
basic concept stripped out everything
else and and replaced it with the and
replaced it with their own plot and it's
really good it's really interesting
what's most important about this here is
I think it's actually important in one
key way and that is people tend to think
and it's easy to think this way that the
Nazis were just these monsters who
existed some time out of history they
were plopped down here by aliens and
human beings have no tendency to be
fascistic or tyrannical we don't have to
guard against the possibility of that
from our government we don't have to
guard against the possibility of it in
ourselves and only only a crazy person
would end up like this the reality is
that when what the series shows is that
the Nazis were people too they were just
very bad people who believe very bad
things and some of them were good people
with families and dogs who believed
truly terrible things and so that's
what's really fascinating about the
series and it's hardcore I mean it is a
hardcore dark series it's really good
okay time for a couple of things I hate
Bud Light has a new commercial they have
this commercial series starring Seth
Rogen and Amy Schumer two of the least
funny people on planet earth and they
and they've now cut a commercial for Bud
Light it's at a wedding and you'll see
what the punchline is the bud light
party here celebrating Steve and Greg's
wedding gay weddings they're just like
any wedding you've got cringe-worthy
speeches everybody's attention please by
the last time you're gonna be seeing me
for a while
girl who's super ready to settle down
okay
Bud Light proudly supports everyone's
right to marry whoever they want and the
groom
okay if Bud Light thinks that the people
who drink Bud Light are desperate to
talk about same-sex marriage they're out
of their damn minds
okay I understand that they're trying to
use their their corporate power to push
particular points of view that just
demonstrates to you that it has nothing
to do with catering to the market
because the market is not sitting there
going you know what I need when I'm
drinking a beer and watching the
football game what I really want to be
thinking about is Steve and Joe making
out that's really what I'm thinking
about right now it just demonstrates
that people always say well Halle was
just driven by the dollar now Halle was
also driven by their social justice
ideology and this is just an example of
this it's it's silly in in every way and
it's not even funny I mean beyond that
it's just bad quality commercial making
but they have to leverage everything it
okay one more thing I hate Yale students
are now telling English professors that
they need to stop teaching English
because there are too many dead white
male poets that they're reading they say
that this creates a culture that is
hostile to students of color and they
say when students are made to feel so
alienated they get up and leave the room
or get up and leave the major something
is wrong it's time for an English major
to decolonize not diversify its course
offerings we need more different poets
relating to race gender sexuality
ethnicity nationality ability even
engage with critical theory or secondary
scholarship in other words stop teaching
Shakespeare or Milton and start teaching
shel silverstein I mean this is it and
this is the destruction of standards
when you say that there are no standards
of good and bad in art I've discussed
this before me say there's no standards
of good and bad and art all that matters
is the identity of the creator heart no
longer exists because the identity of
the Creator doesn't matter at all at all
it's the product that actually matters
in the end you don't have to know
anything about Michelangelo's life to
appreciate the Sistine Chapel you don't
have to know anything about Beethoven's
life to appreciate Beethoven's music you
do have to know that Taylor Swift is
kind of hot to appreciate Taylor Swift's
music because it's terrible but but that
that's a modern thing yet did sort of
identity in art that's that's a modern
contraption and it's and it's destroyed
the quality of art because as I've said
before the quality of an idea is not
related to the personality of the person
who put forward the idea and the and
this is actually tying back to Trump
that's sort of the problem the quality
of the idea doesn't tie back to the
identity of the person just because you
like
Trump doesn't make his ideas worthwhile
the same thing is true in art and that's
certainly true in literature okay a few
entries from the mailbag Christopher
writes do you watch South Park okay I
haven't made a habit of watching South
Park but whenever I've watched it I've
thought its hysterically funny
particularly it's the safe space stuff
is unbelievable the last season I did
watch a couple of episodes and it is
very very funny and clever I've never
been an adult cartoon person but it's
what I've seen is genius and of course
Team America is it's hysterically funny
movie that is not safe for work
Josh writes Ben you mentioned liking the
values Pinocchio taught back in the 40s
in contrast to what kids are taught
today so what do you think of paleo
conservatism and for that matter the
Constitution party who professes to
follow that ideology hey paleo
conservatism really has more to do with
an isolationist nationale and
nationalism than it has to do with
social conservatism so what I was
talking about with Pinocchio was not the
notion of paleo conservatives and Pat
Buchanan talking about our values have
to be preserved by barring immigration
to the country basically that's what
paleo conservatism basically suggests at
least according my understanding that's
what differentiates it from normal
Ronald Reagan conservatism he wasn't a
paleo conservative but he was a social
conservative I'm a social conservative
I'm not a paleo conservative Luke writes
hey Ben what would you change about the
Constitution what would you add or
subtract the one thing I have said about
the Constitution I don't think that the
Constitution is is going to save us
because I think that you need a
population that actually cares about the
Constitution but as I've said before I
wrote my third year law paper I'm still
trying to dig it up folks I know there
are a lot of people who email about this
I'm still trying to dig it up maybe
Harvard has a copy I don't know how I
get ahold of it if you have any ideas
let me know but I wrote my third year
law paper at Harvard Law School on the
proposition that the Supreme Court
should not have the power to overrule
Congress and the President of the United
States when it comes to judicial review
on constitutional grounds because that
hands way too much power
to the Supreme Court of the United
States to pervert the Constitution as
they see fit they're not elected they're
selected and they're there for life so
that's a problem that would be my main
change to the Constitution I would also
suggest if you're gonna do a
constitutional amendment I would also
suggest that we have a constitutional
amendment that no bill can be longer
than 10 pages and they all have to be in
plain English so no omnibus packages no
none of this we're gonna wrap a thousand
pages into a package that nobody has
ever read and then surprise
have to pass Obamacare to find out
what's in it Daniel writes my leftist
grandparents support Bernie mostly on
the fact they fear conservatives would
completely cut pension plans for all
generations as Matt Bevin has tried to
do in Kentucky my question is should a
conservative be elected wouldn't it be a
better scenario to pay off the pensions
of the baby boomers and Generation X for
our finishing or in the middle of their
careers and in for Millennials to start
saving and investing wisely for
retirement Daniel this is exactly what
Paul Ryan is said I think Matt Bevin is
said the same thing cutting pensions is
not necessary for people who are already
in the middle of their pensions I mean
you're talking about Social Security for
example well you have to do is you have
to phase it out because if we keep going
in this direction the country will be
bankrupt so people like me I shouldn't
be getting Social Security I shouldn't
and by the way neither should anybody my
age we should just say no more Social
Security you're going even if you're
going to first well I don't think the
government has the right to take away my
money to protect me for myself I don't
think they have that right in the first
place if you were going to suggest that
they should do that the best thing you
can do is say ok take your money and put
it in bonds already take your money put
it in a bank account and it's gonna stay
there and it's gonna accrue a 3% rate of
interest for the rest of your life I
take it and put it in in diversified
portfolio in the stock market all right
that would at least be better now I
don't think again they have the ability
to tell me what to do with my money so
I'm not in favor of that generally but
the sort of privatization of Social
Security which is to say the government
mandates that you take a certain amount
out of your paycheck and put it away for
retirement that at least makes more
sense than putting it into this Ponzi
scheme where I'm paying my grandmother
Social Security I think this is the
great lies that you know is that
children no longer pay for their parents
they do they just do it through taxes
you know the reality is that when my
parents get older
now hopefully they've saved up enough
money for high rent but I care about my
parents more than you do so I should pay
more for my parents than you should you
know you care about more your parents
more than I do I don't know your parents
for all I know they could be crapping I
don't care I mean like I'm sure that
they're wonderful people maybe they
aren't maybe they're terrible
I don't know but that's the point it's
your job to take care of your parents
just like it's your job to take care of
your kids and the society that doesn't
recognize that ends up living off the
backs of the responsible and throwing
responsibility off the backs of the
irresponsible and right if you could
rewrite the ending to lost what would
that ending look like I would cut the
last five minutes
just cut it just cut the last five
minutes the whole home were in purgatory
routine its make it so that what they
were trying to guarantee was the
possibility of this alternative reality
that had been appearing since season
four and just stick with that and happy
ending everybody goes home happy instead
we get everybody died yes we know the
thing I hate about loss two things I
hate about lost one and I was a devoted
fan of the series a devoted fan of the
series like my family and I sat down
every Wednesday night and we watched it
all together we watched every episode
more than once I mean devoted fan of the
series two things I hated about the
series one is don't give me this cop out
that if you pose all these questions
that you just won't answer them because
the questions matter more than the
answers go yourself questions matter
more than the answers the whole point of
me watching fiction is I understand life
poses unanswerable questions and that we
all die at the end I get that that's why
I'm reading fiction if I wanted to read
about death and horror I could just do
my job and tell you about the news right
if I want to read about fiction the idea
is that you're imposing a sense of order
on reality that I get to engage with and
that's fun and it's escapism and it's
nice hey a loss didn't do that instead
they basically said we'll take you along
trust us trust us trust us and at the
very end they ripped the rug out from
under you and it's really terrible so
there's the question thing which is just
an intellectual cop-out oh well are you
you want the answers to the questions
that just shows how how beneath us you
are that you want answers to the
questions that we posed go screw
yourself gang and then the second thing
was the hole they're dead at the end too
clever by half everybody thought it was
purgatory from the very beginning and
said they said no it was real but the
real story is purgatory okay yeah we
understand you were trying to outsmart
the audience congratulations you
outsmarted us you can also outsmart me
by shoving a dog turd in my mailbox but
it isn't great it's not something I'm
going to enjoy okay
Ricardo writes I find the alt-right
repulsive it disturbs me how much
they're influencing the Republican Party
how do we defeat them so we have to wait
for Trump to lose or betray their
expectations or hope for the movement to
die out I think you have to loudly
challenge them and you have to point out
where people are bad and again don't buy
into the Donald Trump all right just
because he has the right enemies that's
what the entire show has been about
today Josh says Ben loved the show love
you and a brother
I hope I can be as half as good at you
as debating at some point in my life you
can't but keep trying he says my
question to you is I'm just kidding read
my dude my book 1111 rules for debating
a leftist and you can get there pretty
quickly says how do you not talk about
politics around your wife my wife
actually enjoys talking about politics
so this is the nice thing she in fact I
don't like talking about politics in my
off hours one of the annoying things and
it's not really annoying because I'm not
enough of celebrity for it to matter and
even if I were I enjoy talking to people
but I went to the park the other day
with my wife and legitimately six
separate people came up to me because
they watched the podcast and wanted to
talk about Trump I was like I'm here
with my kids now I really don't want to
do this I did it anyway but you know I
don't like talking about politics in my
off hours cuz I do it for a living do
you like talking about accounting in
your off hours right so that you know
but if you don't want to talk about
politics with your wife because you
disagree then number one you marry the
wrong person and number two you you you
can just say we're not gonna talk about
politics it causes us to fight for no
apparent reason and that is my
unsolicited dating and marriage tip of
the day don't marry somebody who's going
to have wildly different political
opinions because political opinions are
a reflection of values and marriage
should be I'm a fan of no value
intermarriage right be a be married
person to people who agree with your
values hopefully the one person who
agrees with their values so you don't
you're not a polygamist Leon writes -
I've been watching recently a lot of
speeches of yours regarding businesses
and what I've noticed is whenever you
hear leftist take on issues like minimum
wage you challenge them to take their
ideology all the way and argue complete
socialism I think this is valid but it's
only fair to do so for the right are you
really okay with a completely free
market would you be okay with monopolies
if it is consensual what about health
regulations such as expiration dates on
milk should these be abolished for a
free market yes I am fine with a free
market and all of these things yes
I'm fine with all of that and I'll
explain given the two issues that you
mentioned monopolies don't exist in a
free market because in a free market you
can't pay the government to keep people
out of the market Microsoft was not not
a monopoly Microsoft's product up
markedly worse after the government
broke up that broke them up as a quote
unquote monopoly it's a really good book
on antitrust
it's a little sophisticated but it's a
really good book by Robert Bork on the
antitrust this is what made him famous
originally in which he discusses the
fact that antitrust laws
basically been a vehicle for breaking up
big companies that are successful in
making products worse as far as the the
health regulations like expiration dates
on milk let me ask you this would you
let's say you went to the store and
let's say you bought some milk from the
store and it was rotten and the next day
you went back and you bought some more
milk and it was rotten what would you do
presumably you would stop shopping at
that store correct you would find
someplace else where you'd buy the milk
and you'd find a different milk provider
maybe competition takes care of a lot of
quality control because it turns out you
have the capacity to do to buy a better
product and use your judgment I can tell
when food is rotten so can you right the
government doesn't need to tell me when
food is rotten and by the way the
expiration dates on your milk half the
time they're wrong right I mean half the
time your milk lives like another three
days beyond the expiration date or go
sour a week before the expiration date
so that happens a fair bit so this idea
the government can protect you from
yourself this is just something we're
used to but it doesn't mean that it's
correct George writes had been during
the fall and winter months he had stated
on your podcast multiple times if you
had the choice between winning the
election or destroying the media's
credibility you would choose destroying
the media's credibility wouldn't this be
a solid reason to support Trump because
he will have destroyed the media's
reputation paving the way for
conservatives in the future so quasi yes
I mean is what I've said the last couple
of days yes destroying the media is a
worthwhile goal I actually think that
what Trump is doing is not destroying it
I think Trump is actually increasing the
credibility of the media because he's
actually lying about them to destroy the
media you have to tell the truth about
the media what Trump is doing is he's
pointing out that they're corrupt and
terrible yes great then he's saying
things that actually hand them
credibility by lying about his own
record and then they fact-check him and
they're right and he's wrong I've had to
lend them the media more credibility in
the last six months than I ever have in
the rest of my career because he said
they say through things once in a while
and Trump lies about it and then I have
to defend the media which I don't want
to do I'm not ready for now that's nasty
edge I think he writes as a lawyer what
is your opinion on jury nullification so
jury nullification is is a totally
legitimate part of law and the idea that
a jury looks at a defendant and wants
the defendant to get off and so they
decide they're just not going to apply
the law properly but I have to admit I'm
not a fan of the jury system as a
general rule I'm
fan of the way that the action this is
one area where I think your does this
better
they have judges who are professionals
who sit on criminal trials and their job
is to actually determine guilt and
innocence as opposed to the twelve
people too stupid to get out of jury
duty because let's be real people who
have jobs don't want to be a jury duty
getting paid five dollars a day to sit
in jury duty they'd rather be working
I've never served on a jury I'd be a
really good juror because I know law and
I know fact and I'm relatively smart
let's not underestimate it I'm really
smart but if I were on a juror I can
never be on a jury because people know
who I am right so I'll never be on a
jury specifically because of all of
those things the first thing that if
you're a lawyer the first thing you do
if you're a defense lawyer is you knock
out anybody who's smart and anybody
who's a professional right this is the
first thing you do when you start
selecting the jury final question jack
says two facts care about your feelings
I've been getting some mixed signals no
facts you not care about my feelings in
the slightest facts do not care about my
feelings in the slightest facts seem to
care a lot about the feelings of my my
enemies who for some reason get very
upset when I say bad things about Donald
Trump that are true so and by the way
people who say oh well you're not paying
attention to the facts you're not paying
attention to the fact when it comes to
Donald Trump and you're saying about
third parties make no mistake I don't
think David French is gonna be President
of the United States I don't think he's
gonna win 5% of the vote
I'm still gonna vote for him because I
have principles and a lot of the people
who are backing Trump are willing to
sacrifice those principles because they
like Donald Trump's opposition okay so
we've reached the end of the week there
will be much more where that came from
next week and make sure you subscribe to
daily wire so you too can be a part of
the vaunted ben shapiro show mailbag
have a wonderful weekend i'm ben shapiro
this is the ben shapiro show
