it's a banner month for President Barack
Obama as he has now officially become
the US president to have been at war
longer than any other president in our
history Obama celebrated the achievement
in a meeting with the White House press
corps saying quote booyah I knew I could
do it winning the Nobel Peace Prize was
fun but let's face it they just gave it
to me for being black
sort of like my Harvard degree this is
something I did all on my own and it's
going to be a long time before anyone
puts this record to bed the president
took the unusual step of offering White
House reporters dixie cups of champagne
telling them quote you know those crazy
conservatives are always talking about
how much I love Muslims the truth is I
do love them they're great for target
practice
there's something about blowing one of
those bearded mozzie lunatics away that
just makes your Ghoulies Clank that's
why I keep these Wars going I just can't
get enough of killing Muslims unquote
like House spokesman Josh earnest later
issued a clarification of the
president's remarks in a statement
saying quote in speaking about the
tragic wars in the Middle East earlier
today the president was obviously
satirizing the attitudes of his
opponents and did not intend his
statements to be taken literally
President Obama later issued a
clarification of earnest clarification
in a statement saying quote like hell I
was I don't have to run for office again
and I'm sick and tired of pandering to
all those peacenik girly girls at the
New York Times bad enough I have to
kowtow to every Negro with a grudge and
all those homos who want to call it
marriage when they do whatever
unspeakable things they do to one
another and what about those creeps who
want to put on a skirt and make we read
with the little girls how wacko is that
stuff unquote the White House
immediately issued a clarification of
Obama's clarification of their
clarification which said quote we're
sure the president wants to be mindful
of his legacy and obviously misspoke in
his characterizations of his core
constituency President Obama responded
quickly clarifying the White House
clarification of his clarification of
their clarification saying quote screw
my legacy and screw you
mister pasty-faced earnest you damned
uppity white man Ernest went before
reporters in the White House press room
to clarify the president's clarification
of his clarification clarifying Obama
clarifying him clarifying Obama
reporters quote if that's the way the
president wants it and let me tell you
what I really think neither I nor any
other American has ever seen an
administration that mingled so much
arrogance with so much incompetence
we've only been at war for eight years
because this idiot couldn't find his
belly button with both hands and a
flashlight Obama responded by ordering a
drone strike that vaporized earnest
along with much of the press corps after
which he issued a statement saying quote
booyah you don't break the presidential
war record by accident Obama out trigger
warning
I'm Andrew Klavan and this is the Andrew
Clavin show all right it's mailbag day
and if you subscribe you know you can't
be in this mailbag day because you've
wasted your time I found out that they
give you the subscription 30 days for
free so there's no no there's no reason
not to do it subscribe and then you can
be in our next mailbag and it's free for
30 days and then I think we come take
your soul right I said this yesterday
but I want to thank you again for
pre-ordering my memoir the great good
thing a secular Jew comes to faith in
Christ I checked it today after I had
mentioned it yesterday and it's now like
number one among new Jewish biographies
so I'm beating out beating out Moses I
think an Einstein is right goes right to
me alright this has been a wild week
although you wouldn't know it if you're
watching the mainstream media but why
you would be watching the mainstream
media I don't know but you know we
started out this week talking about how
the press had shot its credibility wad
talking about you know covering up for
Obama covering up the Benghazi scandal
and the Obamacare collapse and the you
know the IRS scandal and the reverend
wright scandal and the bill ayers gay
you know they covered all the stuff up
and they threw it away they kept saying
oh it's just foxnews is just covering
these things which meant that fox news
was delivering the news and so now when
they go up against trump there's nothing
they can do and everything and now they
are becoming the scandal i mean first of
all we have this guy Ben Rhodes who was
what was he that the deaf
the National Security Adviser he is the
deputy national security advisor for
Obama he gives an interview to the New
York Times this happened you know about
a week ago he gives an interview to the
New York Times in which basically he
says that they lied to everyone when
they were sending out information about
the Iran deal so this is what he says
first of all people love this guy so
much that the very stodgy foreign policy
magazine which I think is called foreign
policy ran a headline I have it up on my
computer
foreign policy says this is the headline
and foreign policy which is just a
policy magazine says a stunning profile
of Ben Rhodes the a-hole who is the
president's foreign policy guru and it
doesn't I'm editing that it's not what
it says that's how much everybody loves
Ben Rhodes so here's a description of
the profile they may be from ABC News in
the profile Rhodes admitted to creating
an echo chamber quote-unquote an echo
chamber by which the administration
hand-picked experts to champion the Iran
deal and feed those perspectives to the
public via social media and as media
sources to reinforce the messages the
messaging that was favorable to the
administration's position I mean it's
this Iran deal Trump is right about such
a rental rentals a disaster this Iran
deal is going to give nuclear weapons to
one of the worst actors on earth and it
was sold to us I was gonna prevent them
because they're only gonna have nuclear
you know power plants oh yeah but their
nuclear power plants that actually can
take off and land in New York and then
explodes a little different than our
nuclear power plants all right so Rhodes
goes on in this thing he says we created
an echo chamber they were saying things
that validated what we had given them to
say Rhodes spoke disparagingly about the
media equipping to The Times that
average reporter that the average
reporter that covers the White House is
27 years old and they literally know
nothing that's a quote they're 27 years
old and they know nothing his assistant
Rhodes assistant Ned price told The
Times there were journalists whom he
said could be relied upon to regurgitate
White House talking points calling them
force multipliers so basically they were
saying you guys are liars and we used
you to lie to tell our lives for us you
know you guys are covering up for Obama
so we used you in that way and what
basically was happening
was they went and said there's a new
moderate regime rising in Iran now first
of course in Iran the word moderate
means what does that mean like they'd
only rip you know children's heads off
with their teeth instead of cutting them
off with swords but you know it doesn't
so moderate doesn't mean anything but
while it was true that a more moderate
regime was rising they had been
negotiating the deal before the regime
rose who had nothing to do with what
they were doing they were ready to they
were ready to give these nukes to the
guys who were in there before so it was
all nothing so they sold this to the
press so now of course the GOP is up in
arms they subpoena Rhodes to come to
testify before a congressional committee
and the president says well executive
privilege he doesn't have to go you know
and and that in in truth it's usually
accepted that a presidential adviser
doesn't have to testify to Congress
because we want the president to be able
to get advice in secret but this is
awfully bad theater for the White House
I mean this is awfully bad theater for
the press the press looks ridiculous
okay so that's one scandal from the
press and the other of course was this
one we talked about this New York Times
story which is still the number one
trending story in The New York Times
about how Donald Trump treats women in
private in which the New York Times to
their absolute shock exposed the fact
that billionaires like young pretty
models and young pretty models like
billionaires this is like an absolutely
stunning development to the New York
Times when you read into the story by
the way it shows the Trump was pretty
good with women he you know promoted
them in his you know in his organization
and he occasionally made remarks that
men make and all the stuff this of
course the New York Times throws their
apron over their face and they run out
of the room because he would like you
know say to some you know it starts with
him saying to some model at a party put
on a bathing suit and he comes in and
parades her around in a bikini like you
know that's what you do if you're a
billionaire that's why you become a
billionaire so you can do that and
that's what my girls go to billionaire's
houses so they can do that that's why
these things happen so all this is
explained so meanwhile the authors of
this piece get caught out because the
girl herself comes out and says I had a
great relationship with him we went out
we dated for a couple months he was a
perfect gentleman he was very nice to me
and they misquote they they didn't she
didn't say they misquoted her they said
they took her out of context now it
comes out that one of the reporters
Michael Barbaro has been tweeting nasty
stuff about Trump so he's completely
exposed as being you know prejudiced all
this stuff all the scandals last week
they thought now we've got Trump
we've got him we're gonna imeem I'm
beginning to think that Donald Trump is
actually a supernatural creature these
things just bounce off him and go back
against the press and this is why this
is why people like meanwhile now megyn
kelly and Trump have made up they had
their special interview which was
completely devoid of meaning or news or
anything where they had this very sweet
reconciliation here is Megan talking to
Donald Trump about the little feud they
had after she asked him about the things
his first question to him on the first
debate was you have called women all
these things bimbo and this and that and
ugly and fat and all this and he reacted
and got angry at her and started to
tweet call her crazy Megan or something
and then made that remark about her
bleeding from her whatever that caused
all this fuss so now they're making up
on Fox 1 Fox let's talk about us okay
we were always friendly right good
relationship right and then came the
August 6 2015 debate and I asked you a
tough question about women using only
the words that you had used I thought it
was a fair question
why didn't you I thought it was unfair I
thought if first what I didn't think it
was really a question I thought it was
more of a statement that's the first
question that I've ever been asked
during a debate and I've never debated
before I mean in my whole life is a
debate but I've never actually debated
before and I'm saying to myself man what
a question
and then of course then you have Brett
doing his thing so I'm saying to myself
I got two hours of this I don't really
blame you because you're doing your
thing but from my standpoint I don't
have to like it
afterward you said you didn't feel that
the moderators had been nice but do you
think it's the journalists role to be
nice to presidential candidates at a
debate no fair
I don't care they're nice steps you use
the word nice well okay no I don't think
so I mean I might have said they were
nice but that doesn't mean they have to
be nice I've known many you know I tell
you what in a certain way would you did
might have been a favor because I felt
so good about having gotten through I
said
get through this debate with those
questions you can get through anything
so so finally they've made up so finally
Trump as a supporter of Fox News now
every reporter there is in his pocket
every other every every single person
but you know that on the one hand that
is megyn kelly
auditioning she's got a year left on her
contract she's obviously blown up she's
very beautiful she's very smart she does
these very cute interviews where she's
also mad she manages to be kind of cute
but also manages to hammer the people
that she's talking to she has said she
wants to be the new Barbara Walters and
do these you know ungettable interviews
and all this stuff so that's her they
put that not on Fox News but on the Fox
Network so that's her auditioning for
the big job and Trump you know comes off
on you know the funny thing about Trump
is if you think about it for a minute
he's not a sexist he is not a sexist he
treats women boorish ly he says boorish
horrible things about women but he
treats everybody like that
he's a boorish thug you know he's not
upset he's not a sexist he's an
equal-opportunity boorish thug so like
you know women when they say well you
said this about women they're asking for
special treatment they're asking for
special treatment you get out there and
you know you're out there in the arena
you know you want to be a gladiator you
got to be a gladiator you got to take on
Trump you know he's the ring he wants
about you because he says anything he
wants let everybody know so why why
should he have some special you know why
should he be a gentleman and treat women
any differently than he treats men it's
just it just seems ridiculous to me like
why single out the way he treats women
when he calls men names all the time so
now this Nevada convention thing last
press scandal of the week so far so far
yesterday we talked about this Nevada
convention right the Sanders people were
angry that you know they felt that it
was rigged as they keep saying they felt
that the system was rigged so that
Sanders wasn't getting the delegates
that he should get at this convention
and they there was violence you know the
people were throwing chairs be they said
there were death threats armed police
had to come in and empty out the room
and there was some evidence that they
actually shut down cell service so
people couldn't take pictures of it like
one woman who was taking pictures of the
whole thing suddenly her phone went dead
and she wasn't getting any streaming
anymore
armed police officers in uniform
pistol-packing guys came out line and
cleared the place out
and so the Hillary the DNC which is
really the Hillary camp because they're
the machine they have been charging that
the Sanders people basically set this up
they basically told their people to get
mean and get violent and they released
this video of one of Sanders operatives
John Cato who have the Cato tape telling
people telling her followers not to
leave it's not this one
let's they're telling people not to
leave the room and don't don't let them
push you around here's John Cato I'm
gonna repeat that unless you were told
by somebody from the campaign ie
probably me or David that you can leave
you should not leave I don't care if the
chair is up there herself
or whoever the chair is and become
whoever becomes the chair you should not
leave okay now what they didn't show you
on CNN and the guy that guy Cinque agar
or something on The Young Turks he
brought it out but they didn't show you
was the way this meeting ended was the
Sanders people were calling for justice
and the chairwoman of the UD ins of the
Democratic Party in Nevada got up and
took a voice vote of whether they should
close the meeting and people were
screaming you know give me your a your
eyes and give me your nays and people
were screaming no no no and she just
ignored him here's that video that they
didn't play on Siena
so that sound that you're hearing he
said pick up people like I walked out
because she goes up and she says all who
were in favor say yay nobody says
anything and they all who were against
say no and people who screaming no no no
she says the eyes have it and she was
definitely gavel and walks out and
people went nuts people went nuts they
were throwing chairs there were
fistfights they were they say there were
death threats and like I said the cops
come in and clear out this is a
democratic convention so now okay
the Sanders people they're telling the
Sanders people stand down stop this
you're ruining the Hillary's coronation
you know and Bernie Sanders sends out
his spokesman not so much so here's
Sanders and then followed by debbie
Wasserman Schultz who has just been
steadily she claims she's neutral but I
think she's just basically a Clinton
operative essentially so here's the two
of them going out he's not been doing
any kind of violence or threats that's
unacceptable bad language we don't
that's unacceptable
but we are not going to allow the
millions of people who supported Bernie
Sanders to be sort of rolled over in
places like Nevada by the way they
handled that convention the Sanders
campaign says that the Nevada State
Party the Democratic Party prevented a
fair and transparent process was it
unfair well first let me just reiterate
that the Democratic National Committee
remains neutral in this primary based on
our rules but when I heard what happened
at the Nevada State Democratic
convention this weekend I was deeply
disturbed you know regardless of any
campaign or candidates frustration over
process there should never be a but when
it comes to condemning violence and
intimidation well yeah there should
never be a but when it comes to
condemning violence and intimidation but
it's intimidation to just slam your
gavel down and chase people out with gun
guys with guns I mean even though
they're the police they're guys with
guns lining a political convention and
chasing people out who were treated they
were treated obviously unfairly you can
see it so this is what's going on on the
Democrat side right and me and
everything
this stuff is supposed to be on the
right I mean this is the joke all
there's something was supposed to be the
right we're all supposed to be enough
each other's throats and we are and you
know we are at each other's throats
we're having a really hard time
adjusting to this whole trumpian thing
it's it's a very difficult thing but
meanwhile meanwhile the press is trying
to avoid the fact that the Democratic
Party is coming apart at the seams and
last night Bernie won again in Oregon
and Clinton is saying she won in
Kentucky but she went by like a vote I
mean she won by like a guy named Fred in
Kentucky and they split the delegates so
she's you know and yes he's so far
behind and she's got the super-delegates
from the Machine so that you know he's
got to win something like 2/3 of all the
delegates and he's not gonna do it he's
gonna lose but it is making her look bad
and and the Democrats are now terrified
that when the convention comes in
Philadelphia this violence is going to
spring up because remember Donald Trump
was threatening riots at the at the
convention the GOP convention that's
gonna be roses we're so happy to have
you as you're a disgrace but we love you
and this is gonna be fine but Democrats
are looking at 1968 they're looking at
this thing blowing up in their mind
which by the way it was followed by a
tremendous Democrat loss who can predict
anything in this election this is is the
craziest election I have seen in a
lifetime it really is amazing let us go
on to the mailbag mailbag music you know
yeah okay here we go
I'm going I'm only going to read first
names because I don't know whether
people want their full name from Robbie
Andrew do you consider your more
optimistic view of the future as more
realistic than Ben's more depressing
views or is it closer to hopeful
optimism to keep just keep your spirits
up as things progressed okay excellent
question because everybody comments on
this so everybody says they'd like to
listen to Ben first and then listen to
me so they don't kill them I think
that's good I like that as I'd like
being medicinal you know it's not a
question of realism though I mean Ben
and I talk a lot we talk between you
know between my show and his show and we
always have conversations and we see the
world very very similarly as in terms of
the facts
we see he's to the right of me socially
I would say you know I'm an artist I
live in the zoo of the Arts where
everybody's a crazy eccentric sleeping
with something that they shouldn't be
sleeping with and so you know I'm just
kind of used to that and I don't really
care about it doesn't it just doesn't
keep me awake at night but we both see
the same facts I mean we never have
arguments really about what is actually
happening or you know where where it's
going and what's right and what's wrong
you know that's we're pretty much in
agreement about that the difference
between us is attitudinal and it's not a
question of right or wrong at all it's
not a question of right or wrong it's
really a question of how you're born how
you're raised and just how history or
history sculpts your attitude Ben is an
idealist I mean he is an idealist he
looks at what's not and asks why not he
looks at what is and says why isn't it
better I am a tragedy and I have a very
very tragic view of life and you that
you think like well that's kind of a
contradiction if you have a tragic view
of life why aren't you sad well it's
easy you know if you if you're an
idealist you wake up and you wonder why
things aren't better if you tragedy and
you wake up and think wow things are
pretty good right now you know I'm still
here you know this is good my wife's
still here so things are okay you know I
really do have a sad view of like I
believe that everything this mortal dies
including countries including
civilizations including freedom which is
a thing built by men freedom is not
natural to man is something that we
build with energy and entropy eventually
destroys it I believe that all your joy
comes from love and all your love has to
be paid for in grief and so that's a sad
point of view I do have this mitigating
faith in God but that's not what we're
talking about what we're talking about
is that I wake up and I'm really glad
glad that things are going well today I
think that's that's a great thing so
you're what you're really asking is
which one of us is going to be right is
been right and things are going to go
horribly wrong or am i right and they're
going to be okay and the answer is yes
both of us because ultimately everywhere
there will be a disaster ultimately
everything and you will die everything
will by everything will fall so
ultimately Ben will be will be right
today things are pretty good I'm right
so I think that you know it's and it's a
question of whether you know what what
you bring to life and you know it
Benny's a happy guy I mean he's not an
unhappy guy he's just he just looks at
things from the perspective of how they
should be and I look at things from the
perspective of how they might be even
worse I think that's really really is
the difference between us all right
James how did you find the courage to
publicly express yourself was there a
defining moment for you I've tried to
talk to my left-wing friends here in Los
Angeles about my conservative views but
I quite enjoy having all four of my
limbs in both of my eyes well I live in
Los Angeles I know exactly what you're
talking about
you know part partly I developed I
became the way I am living under a
delusion probably the biggest
disappointment of my life was realizing
that people don't really care about the
truth that they don't want to know the
truth I grew up thinking that people
wanted to know the truth so I always
spoke the truth boldly even when it
would get me thrown out of class and it
often did get me thrown out of class
even when it would put me at odds with
my teachers I would always speak the
truth boldly because I thought the truth
is what people wanted and when I
realized no anything else I was very
it's saddened me it really did I mean I
seriously think it was a central
disappointment of my life but by then it
was too late that was who I was and that
was how I formed and it matters to me
the truth matters to me immensely that
doesn't mean I always know the truth it
always means I'm trying to find it it
doesn't mean I'm always as truthful as I
as I wish I were it just means I'm
trying to find the truth and trying to
speak it you know Ernest Hemingway had a
great line about this he said cowardice
is a lack of ability to suspend your
imagination and I think that is
absolutely true I get letters all the
time saying well if you say this the
left is just gonna say that and if I say
this you know my teachers gonna do that
and if I you know you you don't know
what's gonna happen you people may be
spoiled over you know there's never a
reason to be cruel there's never a
reason to be bigoted there's never a
reason to be you know unkind but to
simply speak what's true you know you
don't know it's gonna happen so suspend
your imagination and find the courage
because a life lived in silence is I
don't know that's not much of a
worthwhile life a life lived hiding the
life lived in fear that's just it's just
not really gonna make you happy that's
that's just the way I feel about so
that's that is my long-winded answer but
I think that is an answer right
now here's one that's a little confusing
from Chris I just got a three word
question favorite YouTube video question
mark and I didn't know whether what he
meant was my favorite of all YouTube
videos or the favor of my YouTube videos
like I'm not sure which that meant so
I'm gonna give you both of them you know
I have a couple of favorites of my own
YouTube videos one of them I did for
PJTV Clavin on the culture was a young
person's guide to the Constitution and
if you think I sometimes crack up when
I'm doing these openings it must have
taken us about three hours to record
this I'm not even gonna play the part
that kept making me laugh but he was
just a snippet of young people's
person's guide to the Constitution the
Constitution is a document written on
Crickley brown paper by assorted men
wearing wigs these crinkly brown wig men
were the descendants of other assorted
creepy people who were so desperate to
escape from Europe they crossed the
ocean in rickety unsafe vessels lacking
even the barest creature comforts
although the smarter ones avoided
commercial airlines and just came over
on ships the new American crink leaves
were tired of living under European
systems of government that allowed a
small group of elites to lord it over
ordinary people instituting poorly
conceived programs paid for by taxing
the productive while they themselves sat
around drinking their venti half-caf
cinnamon mocha frappuccinos and passing
off their opinions as facts in the new
york times
it goes on I've just always been very
fond of that one maybe doesn't make me
laugh so what am I obviously I don't
have one favorite YouTube video I need
more than I have one favorite movie or
book but one of my favorite YouTube
videos was shown to me by Jeremy boring
who runs the daily why though the god
king of the daily wire and it's a guy
Rob Portman his name is who organized
the gay men's choir I think to do this
thing called absolute actual cannibal
Shia LaBeouf here's the opening one
minute of this you're walking in the
woods
there's no one around and your phone is
dead out of the corner of your eye you
spot him he's following you about 30
feet back he gets down on all fours and
breaks into a sprint he's gaining on you
Shia LaBeouf you're looking for your car
but you're all turned around he's almost
upon you now and you can see this blood
on his face my god there's blood
everywhere
I love living in the
it's genius I mean it really is genius
and if you can't see it if you haven't
subscribed yet and you can't see it
they're doing like this absolutely
beautiful interpretive ballet the
cannibal Shia LaBeouf by the time he's
over there in these fabulous costumes
and the funny thing about is when I
first seen I must have watched this
thing over 100 times I mean I keep
watching it and I go back to it over
over time and as you as you start to
think about it at first you think it's
just completely ridiculous but like
everything that affects you and grabs
you it actually does have meaning
underneath and it really is about
celebrity I mean it's about what
celebrity has done to our culture and I
just I just find it really brilliant the
guy Rob Portman he's a composer I guess
he does he does a couple of these done a
couple of musical things alright we have
time for one more
do you believe chan transgenderism will
ever catch on for example the homosexual
movement for legitimacy made big waves
in America for the past 10 years or so
and now it's much more of a normal thing
much more so than when I was born in
1990 do you think transgenderism could
catch on like that my answer to that is
absolutely because you know things are
gonna get so much weirder it's one of
the reasons I don't worry about this too
much you know this week I think they did
the first-ever penis transplant which
means that pretty soon you know when you
want to be transgender you'll be able to
be transgender you know I mean and
nobody that I know has an objection by
the way when we're talking about
bathrooms nobody I know has an objection
to somebody actually having a sex change
operation it may not make you happy
it may you may kill yourself afterwards
but I don't object to your doing it and
then using the bathroom that goes with
your your new body you know no but
things are gonna get absolutely
stunningly weird you know the there's
gonna be robot sex there's gonna be
people actually changing their gender in
other ways eventually possibly within
the lifetime of somebody born in 1990
eventually there's gonna be you know
stuff that they do to your brain that
may change the way you think you may
actually be able to become more things
are going nuts pal you know it's like
it's so relaxed and you know the
argument that we're going to have to
make is the argument for being human
which is going to be a hard
and harder argument to make as people
start inserting things into their brains
that make them faster and smarter and
better things and you want your kids to
be able to catch up so you're not gonna
stop your kids from doing it's gonna be
a lot of crazy stuff happening which is
why I don't think we can be looking
backwards I think we have to be looking
forward and forming a morality a true
morality for new new technological times
that way Layla's been here is that he'll
really be depressed all right I like
another good mailbag I thought that was
okay yeah yeah all right good so coach
so keep the questions coming stuff I
like I've been doing grim but
fascinating true crime stories and this
one is a movie called 10 Rillington
place it's about John Christie the
famous British serial killer he killed I
think eight women in the 40s and 50s in
England and I don't want to give too
much away but the case had an enormous
effect on the attitudes toward capital
punishment in Britain which has now
obviously been got thrown away and they
were talking about bringing it back and
Richard Attenborough who stars in this
as a young man John Hurt isn't it as a
young man you know John Hurt from the
Harry Potter stories probably but John
Hurt was a great actor and he has a
young guy he plays one of the characters
and this and they wanted to they were
talking about bringing back capital
punishment and they wanted to make this
movie as a protest against it now I'm
actually in favor of capital punishment
however this movie is just absolutely
brilliant because what it does is it
takes this murderer and it just shows
him to be what they call in England a
little Englander a guy who drinks tea a
guy who has you know and he gives
medical advice he's not a doctor but he
was a medical advice to people and under
that guise he gases them and kills them
you know and and does all the stuff and
it's all done with this quiet
understated way this is colorized I may
be wrong but I remember this movie as
being in stunning black and white I
think this is a colorized version but
it's the only one I could find here's a
brief scene where he gives a woman tea
and in under the guise of treating her
bronchitis gets her to breathe
chloroform
it's done bad as in the bronchitis at
nights it's been bad at night mm-hmm
keeps you awake I daresay hmm well this
is the stuff for you yeah you don't mind
if I call you me or real Dillion yeah no
it's very good of you to go to all this
trouble
Oh Joe Joe Oh my doctor does you keep
giving me this cough mixture oh it
smells just like friars balsam well yes
that's in it it's a mixture what we call
a compound mask that goes over your face
have you finished with UT yes and when
it's LV evasion must breathe deeply so
you're taking all the vapors you see you
may feel just a bit dizzy yeah you may
and you know it's like it's all that
quiet understated little have a cup of
tea which like and it's absolutely
horrifying and it's a true story and the
things that happened are the things that
happened in a beggar belief but it's
just a gripping gripping film with two
spectacular performances at the centre
Richard Attenborough is a young guy and
John Hurt all right well who knows
what's gonna happen tomorrow I don't
know but we will be here to explain it
all and to laugh uproariously about it -
this is the entry Clavin show come back
then it will still be fun
