on Thursday the rap reported on a new
book by Ian Halperin he's the author of
a book called Kardashian dynasty the
controversial rise of America's royal
family the book claims that quote
multiple sources told him that the
former Olympian had been miserable for
months and has now considered
transitioning back to being a man
according to help rank what one source
confirmed to me Caitlyn has made
whispers of sex-change regret hinting
she might go back to being a Bruce
Jenner Jenner says Halperin could quote
unquote D transition which would be
admitting he's a man within the next
couple of years so this means there are
two possible Caitlyn Jenner stories
Story one a mentally oh man thought he
was a woman was reinforced in this
perspective by a perverse sick media and
a pathetic medical establishment urging
him to overrule his own second thoughts
underwent surgery and hormone therapy
realized surgery and hormone therapy
don't cure mental illness now regrets
his suffering and is finally considering
Andy transitioning Story number two a
man magically became a woman the woman
now magically wants to become man you
got to pick pick one of those stories
those are the only two stories the
Department of Justice says Americans
should be forced to embrace Story number
two instead of recognizing the reality
of mental illness and media exploitation
will all be told to repeat Story number
two until it becomes second nature or
will be called bigots and have our
businesses and our states boycotted or
will be fined by the government the
reality of sex and the reality of mental
illness these have to be memory hold
just gotten rid of those who suffer from
mental illness must believe we have to
we have to drive them to believe
fictions about their own sex and and we
must be forced to embrace their mental
illnesses reality so here are three
truths that could have stopped this
charade if society actually cared about
truth truth number one suicide rates
among transgenders do not decrease
thanks to sex change surgery suicide
rates among transgender don't drop after
surgery 41% of transgender people
attempt suicide sometime in their life
that's compared to four point six
percent of the general population
it's ten times higher the suicide rate
among transgender people who say they
are never identified as transgender is
46 percent
okay that's people who are not being
harassed because nobody can identify
them as transgender 45 percent of
transgender people who undergo hormone
therapy attempt suicide that's higher
than the general transition
her suicide rate and by the way really
really high comorbidity between
transgenderism and depression and
suicidality generally number two most
children who are supposedly transgender
grow out of these feelings dr. Paul
McHugh is a former head of psychiatry at
Johns Hopkins University he finds 70 to
80 percent of all children with
transgender feelings grow out of it this
is important
because the media have already told
parents that children confused about
their sex should consider whether
they're transgender truth number three
transgender regret is a very real thing
while tire is a man who underwent sex
change surgery and then regretted it and
he wrote at the Federalist quote there
was a study commissioned by the guardian
of the UK in 2004 it reviewed a hundred
studies and found 20 percent of people
regretted considering the findings of a
2011 Swedish study published seven years
after the 2004 UK review and looked at
the mortality and morbidity after gender
reassignment surgery it found people who
change genders had a higher risk of
suicide in that study all the XX
reassigned persons in Sweden from 1973
to 2003 there's 191 male to females 133
females males were compared to a
comparable random group the sexes
reassigned persons had substantially
higher rates of death from
cardiovascular disease and suicide
substantially higher rates of attempted
suicide gender surgery is not effective
treatment and a prayer for depression
anxiety or mental disorders and by the
way folks Jenner showed early signs of
regret
remember that Vanity Fair PC was on the
cover of Vanity Fair looking all pretty
well here's what it actually said in
that Vanity Fair pieces direct quote
from the piece quote Caitlyn went into
the long hallway and paced back and
forth on the dark wood floor were not
even the footsteps made a sound the
panic attack lasted about 15 seconds but
a single thought continued to course
through her mind quote what did I just
do what did I just do to myself a
counselor from the LA gender Center came
over to the house so Caitlyn could talk
to someone with professional expertise
the counselor helped ease her mind she
said such reactions were often induced
by the pain medication
she also said such second-guessing was
human and temporary the thought has
since passed and has not come back
there's no buyer's remorse is from
Vanity Fair not that it matters anyway
because there's no turning back
it's a Caitlyn Jenner can't switch back
because the media would have a field day
and make Caitlyn Jenner out to be some
sort of sex trader to FEMA a to female
hood or something the media and the
Obama administration have a narrative
sex doesn't exist but it does exist and
it isn't malleable Caitlyn Jenner was
always a man no matter what he choose to
call himself if the media force him into
a lifetime of suffering just to double
down on their own cruelty his suffering
is at least partially on them I'm Ben
Shapiro this is the Ben Shapiro show
tends to demonize people don't care
about your feelings okay so here we are
and it is a it is a Thursday we've
reached the end of the week which is
exciting for me because this weekend is
going to be my son's circumcision
ceremony it's abrete me la his bris and
we'll be doing that on saturday so
that's exciting I want to talk a little
bit more about that later if we are not
cut off short haha okay we are also
going to be talking momentarily about
Paul Ryan and his meeting with Donald
Trump so why don't we just jump in with
that so there was a big build-up to this
meeting between Paul Ryan and Donald
Trump you remember that Paul Ryan the
Speaker of the House he said he wasn't
sure he could get behind Donald Trump
and a lot of people said right because
you're conservative or at least semi
conservative and Trump isn't you're in
favor of entitlement reform Trump says
he'll uphold all the entitlements and
the entire Trump side of the Republican
Party went ape ed and they lost their
minds Paul Ryan says we don't need Paul
Ryan screw Paul Ryan we don't need him
Sarah Palin who's become the screeching
harpy voice of the Trump right she
writes quote Trump has a powwow with
unsupportive GOP II that's GOP
establishment House Leader Paul Ryan
today anticipate Ryan after following
crucifiers of our conservative
frontrunner and all of his early
supporters to now position himself as
the leader of these political wussies to
the cool kids table typical politics
makes me ill Donald J Trump Kent
capitulate crucifiers of Trump crucified
Jesus now crucifying Trump I mean I
understand by the way Donald from Father
his middle name was Christ his name was
literally Fred Christ's Trump so Donald
Trump is the grandson of God apparently
but aside from that this is this is
ridiculous stuff so you've got people on
the Trump right who are saying oh well
Paul Ryan you know we don't need him we
don't need him in the first place but
they're going crazy over it so at the
same time they say we don't need Paul
Ryan they're saying
well Paul Ryan's awful it's so awful it
just drives us nuts that he won't join
us in any way Eric trump who's Donald
Trump's son he said that Donald Trump
doesn't need Paul Ryan's endorsement so
Fortune magazine has a piece out today
that says this Trump badly needs speaker
Ryan's endorsement you agree with that
listen I'll fix it right he's got tens
and tens of millions of votes I mean
he's really run away with this gets more
votes than any Republican in any primary
you know ever I mean the guy's done an
incredible job he really has grown the
party he has brought the party together
for whatever that's worth and listen if
he doesn't have the speaker's vote if he
doesn't have the you know his will or
whatever maybe we'll go on right and
those people will continue to march
behind my father would it be nice yes is
the ultimate goal to beat Hillary
Clinton
yes that's everybody's goal no one wants
her to be president would be an absolute
disaster so should everybody should band
together and they should march forward
if he doesn't have it will life go on
absolutely so we don't need we don't
need Paul Ryan like we'd like it but we
don't need Paul Ryan Mike Huckabee who
just got destroyed in this primary race
but now is back because he's the most
sycophantic ridiculous Trump supporter
he and Chris Christie are competing for
this two heavyweights kind of the the
kind of the sumo the people in the sumo
suits who are knocking each other over
at a kids party so they're there they're
competing to be the the biggest suck up
to trump so here's Mike Huckabee on Fox
News sucking up the Trump I'm not sure
what Paul Ryan's thoughts are here
look I he's a good guy and I respect him
and he's he's a very respected guy
within the party but I don't think he
fully understands how angry people in
the party are at all of the people in
Washington including him for such things
as the trade deal immigration policies
Syrian refugee relocation Planned
Parenthood funding the Iran Iranian deal
all of these things have really become
the reasons that Donald Trump is the
nominee right now act like well I'm
gonna have to bring him to the table no
actually I think they need to come to
the table and say we surrender
we obviously have messed up and we need
to to understand what you understand
about what the voters are asking for
okay so we needs to come to the table he
needs to surrender so there's this call
from the Trump people for Ryan to
surrender now
there are two ways that Trump could have
played this I mean that Ryan could have
played this number one he could have
just come out in favor of Trump
originally he could have done the Bobby
Jindal routine
I think town from stinks and therefore
I'm going to vote for him because at
least he doesn't stink as much as
Hillary Clinton right he's a flaming bag
of dog crap but he's our flaming bag of
dog crap that could have been the the
Donald that could've been the Paul Ryan
response to Donald Trump I would have
disagreed but it would have been typical
or he could have said I'm not going to
back down all Trump cuz I find him
utterly unpalatable and I think that
he's a smear on our brand he could have
said that too instead he chose a third
way so there's all this big media
build-up all this massive media build-up
to this big meeting between Paul Ryan
and Donald Trump Trump goes to
Washington DC to meet with the speaker
of the house and he's ushered in by a by
apparently a guy who was straight from
the old Judaic Temple rusher and him in
with ram's horn and and in chanting and
singing for his God King Donald Trump
this is a guy who we have become I've
started calling folks like this Trump
sexuals he's a trump sexual this fella
and he is horny for Trump apparently so
here he is standing outside and singing
to to Donald Trump he sings a worship
song to Donald Trump and it's it's
pretty absurd
yes
so God Emperor Trump assured in his horn
playing barbarians and it's very very
exciting stuff so again the Trump
sexuals they have very specific turn ons
by the way the from sexuals they're like
stubby fingers the color orange dominant
submissive role play and they are also
big fans of taking tons of sexy
positions on various issues so that's
that's the that's the the Trump sexuals
and so he's ushered into all this they
have their secret meeting their
clandestine meeting between Paul Ryan
and Donald Trump and Reince Priebus who
has now become the Lackey to the kingdom
of Trumpkin he comes out and he says oh
that the only way to really fully enjoy
the the kind of insanity that you're
watching here is to take Trump pump on
his proposal that basically this is just
a giant reality show it's the only way
to really enjoy all of this so if you
see it that way Reince Priebus is
basically the host of The Bachelor and
then Donald Trump is going in to visit
The Bachelor and and we will see if Paul
Ryan gives him a rose that's really the
only way to sort of view this here's
Reince Priebus on the reality show I
feel like a couples therapist laughs no
you know what you wouldn't say that if
you're in the room it was very it was it
was great and I think they had very good
chemistry between the two of them and it
was only like I said before I don't
repeat it but it can only I can't
imagine two more different people kinds
of people at Donald Trump and Paul Ryan
they did chemistry look it was positive
it was give-and-take and it was also
something that I think if anyone was a
fly on the wall would agree with
everything that I'm saying but you are
the flying the wall so what else can you
tell I can't say look I get an honor
confidentiality I'm not gonna say a peep
about any specifics that were just talk
broadly did they discuss tone and tenor
the things that Brian has said publicly
that he's not thrilled with did they
discuss the policy differences both look
I hate to spoil the fun but I'm just not
gonna get into the details other than to
say that it was it was a meeting that I
think went as well as I would have hoped
as I toss it back
you expected endorsement soon from Paul
Ryan now you know look like I said it
was a great first step to
unifying the party and I think if you
read both of the statements that came
out of speaker's office and Donald
Trump's campaign they echo the same
feeling okay so in other words it was
just a first date but they're not ready
for the fantasy suite yet that's where
we are right now apparently Ryan is not
ready to take him up on the fantasy
suite and where they go into the the
jacuzzi and massage each other's back
they're not quite there yet but they had
great chemistry and and he was given a
rose so that just means that we'll have
future episodes of this particular
season of The Bachelor and we'll have to
tell you whether Ryan chooses Trump or
Trump chooses Ryan it's all very
exciting Ryan then comes you out looking
like something from a hostage video I
mean honest to god straight from a
hostage video the hostage videos are
piling up here you've got Chris Christie
from his hostage video and you've had
and you've had Ben Carson from his
hostage video and I have Paul Ryan from
his hostage video the hostage videos at
the hands of Donald Trump just keep
piling up here is Paul Ryan and his
press conference talking about his
bachelor is bachelor experience with
Donald Trump and this is what the hell
people seriously ah okay just play it um
I was very encouraged with what I heard
from Donald Trump today I do believe
that that we are now planting the seeds
to get ourselves unified to bridge the
gaps in differences and so from here
we're gonna go deeper into the policy
areas to see where that common ground is
and how we can make sure that we are
operating off these same core principles
this is our first meeting I was very
encouraged with this meeting but this is
a process it takes a little time you
don't put it together in 45 minutes so
that is why we had like I said a very
good start to a process and how we unify
and it's very important that we don't
fake unifying we don't pretend
unification that we truly an actually
unify so that we our full strength in
the fall there are policy disputes that
we will have there's no two ways about
it plenty of Republicans disagree with
one another on policy disputes but on
core principles those are the kinds of
things that we discussed and again I'm
encouraged his personality I thought was
I thought he's very good personality
he's a very warm warm and genuine person
Raymond Shaw is the kindest bravest
warmest
most wonderful human being other than
all of my life Raymond chose the bravest
kindest warmest most wonderful human
being I've ever known in my life
I said Raymond Shaw is the kindest
warmest bravest most wonderful human
being I've ever known in my life
so I actually had a very pleasant
exchange with look there are just things
we really believe in it's conservatives
you believe in limited government we
believe in the Constitution we believe
in the proper role of the differences in
the separation of powers we believe in
things like life I know we're not
everyone is pro-choice in our party and
we accept all comers but we are a
majority pro-life party and these are
things that are important to us he has
gotten more votes than any Republican
primary nominee in mark right in the
history of our country and this isn't
even over yet he hasn't even gone to
like California yet so wow really a
remarkable achievement so the question
is and this is what we think we can be a
party to helping how do we unify at all
so this is really a big and growing
movement how do we keep adding and
adding and adding voters while not
subtracting any voters and to me that
means a positive vision based on core
principles taking those principles
applying to them to the problems facing
our country today and offering people
positive solutions and speaking to
people where they are in life addressing
their anxieties and show that we have a
better plan so okay so they're a bunch
of things that he says they're all of
them are stupid so my favorite of course
is this is the part where we clipped in
for those who missed it you're not
watching they missed the joke but it's
from The Manchurian Candidate okay in
The Manchurian Candidate a bunch of US
soldiers are kidnapped by the Communists
and they are programmed they're
brainwashed to be at the behest of the
bad person and movie but one of the one
of the things they're trying to say is
they're trained to say that one of the
guys from their squad is the kindest
bravest warmest most generous human
being I've ever met in my life right
this is the this is what they're trained
to say and you can see it from from Ryan
right he doesn't believe that Donald
Trump is a very warm and genuine human
be come on come on
and then when he says my favorite thing
here my favorite thing is when he says
that we're not going to just compromise
for the sake of compromising we're not
just gonna cave for the sake of caving
but I can tell you that Donald Trump and
we agree on limited government and we
agree on the Constitution wait what
I know you don't know you don't Donald
Trump doesn't know the word Constitution
because it has four syllables okay
Donald Trump doesn't know what the
Constitution is or what it says he has
never uttered the words limited
government he doesn't know what a
limited executive looks like he thinks
the judges justices on the Supreme Court
investigate people like Hillary Clinton
he thinks the President of the United
States can unilaterally cut trade deals
he thinks the President of the United
States has the capacity to unilaterally
make policy on domestic issues like like
punishing corporations and raising taxes
and it's this is all insanity but what's
what's happening here is that Ryan
really has no choice on a practical
level he has he has a choice but he's
not gonna make it he feels like his
power is tied up in the House Majority
for Republicans which is true if Donald
Trump doesn't get any votes
nobody's gonna show up to vote down
ballot either he's afraid he loses power
in the house and then he becomes quasi
irrelevant he becomes the the the
Minority Leader again instead of the
Speaker of the House so he's playing
this game and it's the same game that
he's played with President Obama a
thousand times and the Republicans
constantly play with Democrats in this
case Trump is the Democrat who's Trump
is a Democrat and the game they play is
play fight and surrender it's play fight
and surrender so oh I don't know I don't
know if I can side with Donald Trump I
don't know if I can do this and then
well but we really have to unify it's
really important that we unify I think
that we really have to unify and then it
is well he's making some overtures to me
I'm really feeling a lot better about
things now I really think that things
are going well I think that we're really
gonna get together here so it
transitions from opposition to agreement
in the matter of a week right it's a
week ago he was saying he couldn't
support him now it's it's obvious he's
going to end up supporting him and it's
just a matter of trump and whether Trump
is willing to say a couple of
conciliatory things before he reverses
himself and says zero conciliatory
things I also like the part in this
press conference where Paul Ryan said
our policy teams are going to get
together somebody said to me today okay
well you know you you should really stop
complaining about Trump and you should
work on working with his policy team
Donald Trump does not have a policy team
he has a group of people who write
positions that he ignores it will and
has never read in sanal Trump doesn't
even know his own tax plan which is why
he's disassociated from it he doesn't
know his own immigration plan which is
why in the middle of a debate he
disassociated from his own immigration
plan Donald Trump doesn't do
see it's not something he's interested
in he doesn't do the Constitution Donald
Trump like Woody Allen does himself
that's all he does I said so this is the
idea that Donald Trump is suddenly gonna
become a policy wonk and you'll be able
to convince him to be a conservative
Republican again I prefer Bobby Jindal
he's a sack of crap but he's my sack of
crap to to the Paul Ryan no he's really
conservative we're just sort of working
on him sort of kind of moving him that
way
so they issued a joint statement did the
two of them Paul Ryan and Donald Trump
from the fantasy suite of the bachelor
room and and and here's what the
statement said it said the United States
cannot afford another four years of the
Obama White House which is what Hillary
Clinton represents that is why it's
critical that Republicans unite around
our shared principles advance a
conservative agenda and do all we can to
win this fall what's fun about this
joint statement is you can actually see
which person wrote which part of the
statement so the first couple of
sentences are all Paul Ryan right
because he used words like shared
principles conservative agenda right
those are those are things that Trump
has never talked about Trump is a guy
who said on Sunday it's the Republican
Party not the Conservative Party the
statement continues
with that focus we had a great
conversation this morning while we were
honest about our few differences we
recognized that there are also many
important areas of common ground this is
still this is still Paul Ryan writing
here right few differences few
differences name issues on which you
have complete agreement let me start on
that he mentions pro-life there that's
Trump isn't pro-life anybody who
believes that Donald Trump is gonna push
pro-life principles is out of his mind
out of his mind okay the only thing
Donald Trump might do that Hillary
Clinton wouldn't is if there was some
magic move and suddenly Republicans kept
the House and Senate and the presidency
and they've had some sort of pro-life
bill maybe then he would sign it but
that's not gonna happen come on let's
get real he's not gonna appoint pro-life
judges he doesn't mean know what that
means and the statement continues
we will be having additional discussions
but remain confident there's a great
opportunity to unify our party and win
this fall and we are totally committed
to working together to achieve that goal
that's a trump sentence right because it
has the word totally so that means that
that it's it's we're totally committed
to working together to achieve that goal
this is Trump saying yeah I already a
schlong Paul Ryan he's on my side now
right I've already co-opted him he's on
my side
and all the rest of this is optics it
continues we are extremely proud of the
fact that many millions of new voters
have entered the primary system far more
than ever
for in the Republican Party's history
Trump sentence I mean he uses this in
all of his rallies
and so he says that he's added many new
new voters and Colts are today tweeted
out you know it doesn't really matter if
Paul Ryan backs Donald Trump Donald
Trump is 110 million new the 10 million
votes ten million ten point seven ten
point eight million votes what's it
gonna matter what is it and that is
legitimately that is four percent of the
electorate four percent of the
electorate okay so before we get all hot
and bothered about him winning ten
million votes understand Bernie Sanders
will finish the Democratic primaries
with probably as many votes as Donald
Trump right to the and he's gonna lose
so the idea that Donald Trump is just
some world beater when it comes to
driving vote yes both for and against a
record number of voters voted against
Donald Trump to a final sentence this
was our first meeting but it was a very
positive step toward unification and we
look very much forward to sharing
chocolates and bath oils in the in the
fantasy suite so that that's that final
sentence was was the the Paul Ryan
census okay so they're all coming
together now and they're and they're
unifying and it's just glorious and and
soon they will play the music of love
and they'll both turn on the Barry White
and they shall dance together into the
moonlight so it's just lovely meanwhile
Donald and as I say this is more
damaging to the conservative cause
because Paul Ryan played this game again
Paul Ryan saying I don't like Donald
Trump very much but he's our guy that
would be better for conservatism then
he's actually conservative no he isn't
he doesn't hold conservative positions
and you perverting the ideal of
conservatism in order to fit your guys
gross so listen I voted for Mitt Romney
in 2012 I also said I made the argument
people are now making about Trump I
don't think it applies to Trump I think
it did apply to Romney he's not fully
conservative he's much better than the
other person I don't think Trump is much
better than the other person I think
he's probably going to lose anyway and
beyond that I think that he's really
really bad for our argument that we're
not a bunch of racist bigoted nativists
who hate trade and are know nothing
about politics I don't think he's
helpful to that at all I think he's
gonna be a smear that we're gonna be
running down the rest of our lives
okay so meanwhile Donald Trump as we
said yesterday he takes every position
on every issue this is one of the things
that Trump sexuals like about him is
that he has more positions than the
kamasutra
he said all of this within so first
let's flashback okay December of 2015
here's
from talking about banning all Muslim
immigration to the United States and
debate we are not talking about
isolation we're talking about security
we're not talking about religion we're
talking about security our country is
out of control people are pouring across
the southern border I will build a wall
it'll be a great wall people will not
come in unless they come in illegally
drugs will not pour through that wall as
far as other people like in the
migration where they're going tens of
thousands of people having cell phones
with Isis flags on them
I don't think so wolf they're not coming
to this country and if I'm president and
if Obama has brought some to this
country they are leaving they're going
there God okay so he says all that and
what he means in as he said like very
strongly time no Muslims in right no
Muslims in this was his this was a
policy proposal and as I said at the
time radical Islam provides a danger to
the United States that means that our
screening procedures should be more
strenuous for Muslims trying to enter
the United States because radical Islam
is a subset of Islam doesn't mean that
no Muslims ever get into the United
States I mean there are there Muslims
who serve in the United States military
there Muslims on our police forces it
means that you can apply different
levels of scrutiny to people based on
their ideology but this is like saying
there should have been no German
immigrants during World War two well it
turns out that there are many types of
German immigrants right including Jews
we're trying to escape there are Muslims
who are trying to escape from Syria who
may not be the world's worst people but
we have to check them out we have to do
what we can and if we can't check them
out then tie goes to the you don't get
in right I mean if we don't know you
don't get it so Trump says that he's
very strong on it then there's a lot of
blowback and he gives the same defense
of this that he gave about that we heard
him give yesterday about his ripping on
John McCain and POWs he said this back
in March he said well when I said it it
was popular my polls went up so must
mean I'm right it's a disgrace what's
going on we have a serious serious
problem and when I called for a
temporary ban I thought that was a very
bad thing for me to do politically but I
felt I should do it and I didn't know
that I would go up in the poll as
opposed to down I did that because I
really felt there had to be something
done okay there had to be something done
but he didn't know he's gonna go up in
polls but now that he's gone up in the
polls everything is hunky-dory
the world
has turned in its orbit again and
everything is fine by the way this
notion we talked about it yesterday at
length the kind of might makes right
notion of Trump the idea that what he
does is popular and therefore it's okay
is so antithetical really antithetical
to what the founders stood for so just
want to read you this quote from James
Madison okay this is written in 1786
James Madison to James Monroe both of
them would later be President James
Madison wrote quote there is no Maxim in
my opinion which is more liable to be
Mis applied and which therefore needs it
lucid asian clarification than the
current one but the interest of the
majority is the political standard of
right and wrong it would be the interest
of the majority in every community to
despoil and enslave the minority of
individuals and in a federal community
to make a similar sacrifice of the
minority of component states in fact it
is only reestablishing under another
name and a more specious form force as
the measure of right as James Madison
had to say back in 1787 1786 around the
time of the Constitution about this idea
that the majority always ought to roll
majority is always right so that's
nonsense okay so anyway Trump says all
this stuff he says makes me popular and
now he's gonna give you another position
if you didn't like those two positions
you could just wait for five minutes
here is his new position on the Muslim
ban have you decided whether you're back
off on the ban and I realize there's a
ban it was a temporary ban but with an
unlimited that temporary period would
could go on forever the way it no it was
never meant to be I mean that's why it
was temporary sure it back off on it I'd
like to back off as soon as possible
because frankly I would like to see
something happen but we have to be
vigilant there is a radical Islamic
terrorism problem that you know our
president doesn't want to talk about all
you have to do is take a look at the
world trade center take a look at San
Bernardino or Paris what a disaster that
was or and so many other locations just
last night in Germany look what happened
on the train and it's a big problem
people wouldn't have to solve the
problem but I think by putting together
a commission a group of people that are
highly respected in this field like Rudy
and others I think that could lead to
something pretty good the band the way
it's described even even as a temporary
ban would have for instance barred Amir
Hekmati the marine who who was over in
Iran held prisoner he wouldn't be like
um
and the Muslims were serving in our
military overseas they wouldn't come
back no they would all come back I mean
we have exceptions and again it's
temporary and ultimately it's my aim to
have it lifted now right now there is no
ban but I would like to see there has to
be an idea there has to be something
because there are some pretty bad things
going on and I have Muslim friends great
Muslim friends who are telling me you
are so right it's there's something
going on that we have to get to the
bottom of okay so he says he's he's sort
of backing off of it now I'd like to get
rid of it I'd like to get rid of it as
soon as humanly possible just like all
of his other policy positions just to
recount this week has flipped on minimum
wage twice yesterday he flipped again
right he said he was against minimum
wage then he said it was for minimum
wage then he said he was against minimum
wage again and late last night he
tweeted that he is for minimum wage
again so he's taking four positions on
minimum wage in the last week he's
flipped on taxes twice this week he's
flipped on his pro-life positions
multiple times during this campaign
he's now flipped on on the Muslim ban
it's gonna be real awkward for all you
emigration folks when he flipped when he
flips on the wall too because the fact
is let's be real about something Donald
Trump yeah the real fact is about
immigration building the wall is great
I'm for it if you're not going to deport
the people who arrive at the wall none
of it means anything none of it means
anything if you're not supporting anyone
what's happening right now is people are
waiting across the Rio Grande and
flagging down ice officers knowing they
will not be deported so we'll see if
Trump has the guts to actually deport
people I don't think he does I think
that he'll reverse himself on that when
he realizes that it's unpopular it makes
him look bad so anyway there's Donald
Trump reversing himself on policy once
again that's the guy that Paul Ryan says
he can trust we can make a deal with
that guy peace in our time and he comes
out of that meeting waving a paper and
shout and conservative peace in our time
yeah I kind of doubt it meanwhile it's
so clear that everybody has a different
standard for Trump than any other
politician in the race so Mitt Romney so
yesterday Trump said again he's not
gonna release his tax returns and he
gave this nonsense garbage stupid answer
that it is stupid that he's being
audited so he can't release his tax
returns then this is the dumbest thing
ever you can release whatever you want
there is no provision of an audit that
says that you cannot actually release
your tax returns to the public there's
nothing there that says it and there are
probably a number of reasons why he
doesn't want to release the tax returns
probably shows he doesn't give a lot of
charity from one it probably shows his
income is not nearly
says it is for to probably shows that
his wealth level is certainly not what
he says it is for three they're probably
a bunch of things on there that he
doesn't like and doesn't want to show
but Mitt Romney came out yesterday and
he said well we really should just force
him to do it it's inappropriate for
anybody not to release their tax returns
remember Mitt Romney got smacked with
this in 2012 and ended up releasing his
tax returns because there was so much
pressure former presidential nominee
Mitt Romney says Donald Trump's refusal
to release his tax returns is quote
disqualifying in a Facebook post Romney
a longtime Trump critic says quote it is
disqualifying for a modern-day
presidential nominee to refuse to
release tax returns to the voters
especially one who has not been subject
to public scrutiny in either public
military or public service Romney goes
on to say quote there is only one
logical explanation for mr. Trump's
refusal to release his returns there is
a bombshell in them given mr. Trump's
equanimity with other flaws in his
history we can only assume it's a
bombshell of unusual size unquote okay
so there's a guy who actually has seen
Trump's tax returns and he says he saw
because Trump sued him for libel cuz he
said the Trump is worth less money than
from said he was worth the case was
dismissed he says that there's what
Trump does if he doesn't like what you
say I mean I'm expecting a lawsuit at
any time from Donald Trump he doesn't
like what you say he tries to find an
excuse to sue you I don't think Donald
Trump is worth ten billion dollars I
think he's closer to a couple of billion
if that I really don't think that he's
anywhere near the kind of wealth he's
talking about what this guy says he says
I'm a hundred court orders so I can't
talk about what's in there he says here
are some of the questions that will be
answered his Dax returns the way he puts
it he says Trump has made the size of
his fortune a centerpiece of his
presidential campaign implying it to
measure of his success as a businessman
he said Trump is not responding to
requests for income statements business
activities he won't make clear how many
people he actually hires charitable
giving tax planning is he using over
Shores contingencies in order to
shield's income transparency and
accountability right so he's not how
transparent is he with the tax
authorities so all these questions
remain unanswered but it doesn't matter
to all of the Trumpkin 'he's the trump
sexuals are ardently in love with him
and if you want to see you know this in
action bill o'reilly interviewed Lou
Dobbs Lou Dobbs from Fox Business I like
Lou Dobbs I
Bill O'Reilly they seem like people
who've been nice to me in any case and
Bill O'Reilly asked stabs and Dobbs just
you mean you want to watch some serious
Schilling on behalf of Donald Trump here
it is is there anything that Trump has
done or said so far in the campaign that
you disapproved of derris there are
number of things that I would oh I'm not
going to give them to you because you'd
be just like the rest of those guys in
the national media just focus on it
instead of talking about America first
foreign policy attitude talking about
border security asking you free and fair
trade no we're kidding me you know where
I stand on all of those issues I'm
asking you as an analyst as an analyst
one thing that Trump is saying you
yourself said it I am a superstar host
of an important Fox's no I you are not
willing to say one thing it would be so
miniscule amongst the miniscule so one
thing that he's always said tactful that
he is proposing why so who even may be
interested in such a significant so are
you one of his VP picks i you know what
i mean really i mean i mean you gave me
nothing you'll say he made me promise
not to admit that I'm being vetted
carefully never the vice how you know
after you and Dobbs is an honest guy
applaud his honesty but you know you're
going to get hammered you can--people
gonna hack ignite analyzes you and I
I'll give nothing that he does he's
Jesus you are can you analyze them how
can I analyze them as I have a superior
mind that competes I think well at least
fairly favorably we got our own I guess
Jesus and they're drugging battles Jesus
and no one can criticize Donald Trump
under any circumstances he is a Christ
figure and that means that he's being
crucified according to Sarah Palin and
he cannot be criticized
according to by the way Jesus himself
was probably cool with being criticized
right cuz if he was in fact is the
Christians claim the Son of God God can
take it it turns out so better but the
whole thing is is it's just insanity at
this point okay so that's the story with
Trump and Paul Ryan and and the the
continuing worship for the Trump train
get on or we
run-over is their is their spiel kneel
before Zod 2016 those of us who refused
to kneel because we believe in principle
well I guess that will just be left out
in the cold and you know what we can
deal with that okay time for some things
that I like in time for some things that
I hate and then mailbag okay so things I
like best series ever on television in
the history of TV is the is the series
Band of Brothers if you haven't seen it
you need to go get it right now it is a
tremendous tremendous series they made a
sequel called the Pacific which is not
good
don't bother with that but Band of
Brothers is really really good it's
about the war in in in Europe and it
stars Damian Lewis who would go on to be
in everything from Wolf Hall to homeland
really good actor and it's beautifully
shot nothing will give you you put this
on on blu-ray and you watch this nothing
gives you the sensation of what the
danger and chaos of war must be like
more than this series here's a little
bit the preview each trooper will learn
this operation by heart and though his
and every other outfits mission to the
detail we will drop behind this Atlantic
Wall five hours before the 4th Infantry
lands at Utah Easy Company will destroy
that garrison
it's about done I want to decide to join
the paratroopers I wanted to fight with
the best sir
a magnificent piece of work I mean it's
based on Steven Ambrose's Band of
Brothers and its really a magnificent
piece of work it starts from literally
boot camp all the way through to the end
of the war and it's it's an amazing
amazing it's much better than Saving
Private Ryan I know people love Saving
Private Ryan this is much much better
than Saving Private Ryan it's more
complete it's more comprehensive and
it's it's better just from a dramatic
and a visual standpoint it's just as
good as Saving Private Ryan from a
visual standpoint and it's better
written and better acted so it's a
really really good piece of work okay so
things that I hate so he over the last
couple of days Joe Biden has been out
there talking and one of the things he's
been talking about is what he likes to
call the cancer moonshot
I know cancer was on the moon but there
you have it so the cancer moonshot this
is the idea that we're gonna spend
inordinate amounts of federal money in
order to research cancer treatments and
an end to cancer here's it well listen
to Joe Biden talk about it for a second
then I'll tell you what I don't like
about this here's Joe I've committed and
I promise before we leave we will mow
down any of the impediments that exist
bureaucratically in the federal
government to slow up the process so
cooperation is one key money money money
money and I know that you've asked for a
billion dollars we will get a billion
dollars because this is the I've been
doing this a long time this is a truly
bipartisan issue okay so it's a
bipartisan issue you'll get lots and
lots of money the barrier that there's
always this idea on the left and it's
easy to fall into on the right to that
all the differences between us curing
cancer and not caring cancer is just
throwing money at the problem from a
federal government perspective it isn't
true
it isn't true there are certain areas in
which the federal government is useful
and good although they screw it up a lot
to like vaccinations for example
production of vaccinations during an
emergency there have been times in
American history where we've gone into
production on vaccines and it's been a
complete waste of time like in the 1970s
when it comes to cancer first of all
people think of cancer as one disease it
isn't it's an enormous spectrum of
diseases there are many different types
of cancer I'm speaking as somebody or my
aunt Ida at 42 of cancer of breast
cancer my other aunt had a preliminary
double mastectomy because she was afraid
of getting cancer my grandfather died of
cancer my father has had a melanoma like
this is you know this this is something
that everybody in the United States has
experienced what
I'm saying here is I don't like the idea
that government is God and if we just
give it enough power it'll cure cancer
for us it's not true okay what's
actually going to cure cancer is not the
kind of things that federal government
is doing but the things that the federal
government hates on like the
pharmaceutical companies the drug
companies that actually produce the
research that leads to practical results
so what the federal government does they
fund grants my wife he works in the
medical industry she's worked in a lab
this is true they fund grants the grants
are for broad-based research the idea is
supposed to be that this broad-based
research is then used to create the
drugs that we use to treat the disease
that is very infrequent usually the way
medicines are developed is that it's
trial and error right this is why you
have animal trials it's not like oh
we're going to go at it conceptually a
priori blank slate we just come in
tabula rasa and we just create it out of
our mind instead what it is is here's a
cancer we know it exists let's try a
bunch of different things on it see what
works
that's how Canton medicine is stumbling
through the dark science is stumbling
through the dark that's why the the the
the scientific method of hypothesis and
failure is the way it is it's not come
up with a great idea in your head and
then later see if it works it's we try
it if it fails we come up with another
hypothesis if it fails we come up with
another hypothesis so even from that
perspective the idea of mass federal
funding is actually a relatively large
waste of money certainly the idea of
punishing pharmaceutical companies which
is so near and dear to Joe Biden and
Hillary Clinton and probably to Donald
Trump as well this idea is actually
horrible because those pharmaceutical
companies create the exact drugs that
you are going to need if god forbid
something happens to you okay time for
the mailbag so it is a Thursday the
vaunted mailbag alright so Sylvia writes
as a conservative how do we continue to
support the Republican Party when it is
so apparently not conservative as Trump
has made clear most Republicans seem to
have cared less whose in many ways the
opposite of conservatism well you use it
as a vehicle so just like any other
political vehicle the idea is that you
nominate candidates inside the
Republican Party in order to take
advantage of their infrastructure think
of the Republican Party as a car that
can be driven in many different
directions but we have to determine who
the driver is going to be the reason I'm
not gonna get in the passenger seat
right now is because Donald Trump was
chosen as the driver and that dude be
crazy so I'm not going to ride over the
cliff with him Thelma and Louise style
in the name of unity
the car that's not something I'm
interested in doing who drives the car
matters to me a lot more than the car
itself in Matthew writes question I
think you and Andrew may be missing the
Andrew Clavin may be missing the key
point on the transgender bathroom issue
by this I mean Loretta Lynch may well be
the new patriarchy's Joan of Arc for
years our armies have been stymied after
the misguided decision to give them the
vote but the wisdom of this is playing
out before our very eyes
Loretta has put the final nail in the
coffin of our struggle with female
opposition when we can watch a woman
undress in her own changing room and
call her degrading names if she doesn't
like it then make her leave it's safe to
say the victory is ours it is true the
new patriarchy wears a dress I think we
can all agree this is a small price to
pay for all the implied benefits so
there's obviously a sarcastic and
Matthew funny email yes it turns out
that if you want to destroy the notion
of femininity and destroy what it means
to be a female just say that anyone can
be one if they say they're one as I said
I watched my wife actually give birth to
a child the other day Caitlyn Jenner
never did and does not belong to the
same sex as my wife and if you think
this you are clinically stupid okay you
are a clinically stupid human being I
don't even need to meet you I can
diagnose you right now you are dumb or
you're letting ideology blind you to the
point where it makes you them so this is
so it is amazing but yes get rid of all
the standards by the way men will win
everything right really you get rid of
all the standards because it turns out
for example in the workplace you're not
gonna need maternity leave it's just
gonna be whoever works the hardest right
my wife is off work she specifically
took off more time she took off a year
with our first baby she created her
schedule so that she could have more
time with this baby and she's taking
maternity leave right at the beginning
of her new job right I took off let's
see now the baby's born in Saturday so I
took off Sunday just like I do every
week and then I was here on Monday doing
this podcast if you if you level the
playing field to the extent that the the
transgender advocate seems to want what
we're all held to the same standard and
if we get rid of the differing standards
for men and women then I'm not sure
women are going to like the outcome of
this as I've said before transgenderism
kills feminism dead okay Eric says while
debating leftist about the transgender
bathroom situation many of them argue
that gender is nothing more than a
social construct how do you argue
against leftists who use ambiguous
genitalia hermaphroditism etc as a basis
for disregarding the current system by
which we distinguish sexes ie Jenna
tell you in biology I assume this is a
red herring or a category category error
on their part I'd like to hear your
thoughts nonetheless okay so this people
have said this about for example
Klinefelter's syndrome where somebody is
born with X X Y genetics by the way
Klinefelter's always register as males
if you have a Y chromosome almost as far
as I know invariably you register as a
male so the so the idea of
hermaphrodites people who are
androgynous this goes all the way back
to tom you de x I mean this is actually
mentioned in the Talmud on many
occasions and the idea here is not the
categories don't exist is that you have
people who are exceptions to the rule
that doesn't mean the rule doesn't exist
right if I say to you all human beings
have two eyes and you say well that's
not true there are people who are born
with three there are people who are born
with one yes that's true does that mean
that that human beings don't have two
eyes no it doesn't mean that it means
there are exceptions to every rule it
doesn't mean the rule doesn't exist
right you can find it to every rule you
can find an exception to virtually every
rule there is an exception there are
folks who don't fit into either category
that doesn't mean the categories don't
exist this is one of the stupidest thing
the left does is to say that the
exception means that the rule no longer
exists this is silly towns this is as I
said about same-sex marriage people use
this on same-sex marriage when I say
marriage is about the production and
rearing of children and they say what
about infertile couples okay you're
right infertile couples cannot produce
and we're children that does not mean
that the category of male/female does
not exist anymore when it comes to
producing and rearing children as I said
in a column long ago okay this is
similar to the argument that you have a
car the ignition on the car is broken
thus it is perfectly viable to suggest
to everyone that is just as effective to
put the key in the tailpipe no false
this is not how it works right just
means that your car is broken doesn't
mean that all cars are broken or all
cars operate by putting the key in the
tailpipe okay let's see Matt asked to
that Austin Peterson he's a libertarian
candidate getting a lot of questions
about this
so my problems with Austin Peterson are
that I don't agree with Austin Peterson
on national defense and the military
he's isolationist like Ron Paul I don't
agree with him when it comes to abortion
because while he says that he is
anti-abortion he does not really he
doesn't really say anything about it is
the truth he's a libertarian on that
he's defending life it says encourage a
culture of life adoption and educate
Americans about the
consistent pro-life ethic which means
abolishing the death penalty this is
from his website yeah it requires more
than a culture of life it requires that
the government prosecute abortionists
who kill babies right and he on crime
and punishment he believes that that we
ought to basically let a lot of
prisoners out I'm not in favor of the
war on drugs generally but when it comes
to people who are distributing hard
drugs to children they should be in jail
so there are a lot of problems that I
have with some of the libertarian
positions I agree with some of them I
really disagree with with some of them
you know Austin Peterson is probably
better than Trump but he's not a
conservative he's a libertarian and I
have significant disagreements with the
libertarians okay I have a couple
questions on Judaism I don't know hounds
force and it's CIOB hun not sure says hi
Ben congratulations on the birth of your
son my question stems from curiosity
about Shabbat this is Jewish Sabbath
I understand Shabbat rituals include not
touching electricity or driving a car or
using a telephone having grown up near
the Orthodox synagogue in Newton
Massachusetts two emergencies preclude
the observation of rituals or are such
emergencies mitigating actors how did
that work so here's how it works so
there's a basic rule in Judaism it's
called peacock nephesh and this means
that if a life is in danger then you're
allowed to violate the Sabbath so I was
allowed to take my wife and I was
allowed to jump in the car and an
emergency and drive to the hospital
during the actual during the actual
procedure during her labor we didn't use
my phone there was there's a doula there
who used my phones and of notify people
friends and family what was going on but
I didn't use my phone we didn't play
music we didn't use electricity we did
not write we minimized everything that
would be violating Sabbath but if you
have to break Sabbath in order to save a
life or protect health and then you're
allowed to do that and it is save a life
is the general standard so that's that's
the standard there okay speaking of
which as I mentioned circumcision is
happening on Saturday a quick word about
circumcision and as I said before for
those who want to cut this off early
enjoy so it's and so the so the reason
for circumcision the basic spiritual
concept of circumcision
unlike female circumcision which does
actual damage to a human being permanent
damage that cripples women for life okay
male circumcision has never crippled
anybody for life everything is in
working order and everything feels great
so you don't have to worry about that
from the medical perspective most
doctors still say circumcision is
we're healthy the non circumcision it
lowers the rates of STDs and penile
cancer putting aside the science the
spiritual rationale behind circumcision
in the Bible is the idea that if there
is one driving force for masculinity it
is the penis okay this is just men think
with their penis far too often your
passions control you the idea behind the
behind circumcision is that you are
marking yourself and you are dedicating
your highest passions the things that
drive you the most and the things that
can get you in trouble the most to God
it's it's it's the idea that you're now
able to you're supposed to control
yourself
every time you look at yourself
presumably it's a reminder that you that
you are dedicated not to your own
hedonism but to the God who created you
and and that's what it's all about and
that's why one of the blessings that we
say over at the over at the circumcision
I'm looking it up right now so I get the
text exactly right so I'll be saying
this in a couple of in a couple of days
I want to make sure that I get it right
when I actually do is um there's a
there's a blessing and what we say is
what we say is blessed are You Lord our
God King of the universe who has
sanctified us with His commandments and
commanded us concerning circumcision by
the way cool thing about circumcision
and in Jewish law it always happens on
day eight day eight is the day in a
human beings life when your clotting
factors vitamin K in your blood is the
highest of any time it will ever be in
your life which is a cool thing so what
what you actually say is you say just
and then you say about your son just as
he was introduced into the Covenant so
maybe so may he entered the Torah
marriage and and good deeds so that's
that's the that's what you say and
that's the idea here is that you're
entering him into a covenant with God
which means subjecting your own passions
subsuming your own passions for the
glorification of God and notice the the
importance of those three things right
Torah which is the rulebook marriage
which is how you become a better person
and generate children and good deeds in
the idea again is that your passions
should be secondary your own personal
passions should be secondary to to your
observance of godly law and making the
world a better place according to that
laws as I tweeted earlier today he who
controls himself he he who masters
himself has no master but God so on that
note have a great weekend and we will
see you next week I would say don't
destroy things while I'm gone but it's
two-way he already did so you know
apparently the we need
we need a biblical we need a prophetic
circumcision of the heart as they say
the entire country needs one we need to
we need to circumcise our hearts not
just our bodies and we need to recognize
once again that this is a country
subject to rules subject to subject to
responsibility not just to libertinism
i'm ben shapiro this is the ben shapiro
show
