first we have a question for Glenn
Anthony talks about how mr. Beck's new
book is about how division in our
country can lead to the downfall of
everything that we have accomplished as
a college student Anthony wants to know
what is something that he can do to
bridge the divide I think we need to
separate ourselves from the political
world in the first place take off the
team Jersey I am you know everybody
sitting here on this Kavanagh thing if
the accusation was rape and they had
evidence yeah every single one of us
would be saying
Cavanaugh's got to go yep let's do it we
do not have a team Jersey and have your
principles we have to start taking the
team jerseys off and then looking at the
bigger principles you know should Alex
Jones be taken off no he shouldn't be
we shouldn't be deplete forming people
because we believe in freedom of speech
should you be chased off of campuses no
we believe in freedom of speech and
what's more do you want to pay an
exorbitant amount of money to go and
have somebody feed you a bunch of
nonsense or would you rather have an at
university experience take you and throw
you up against the wall and offend you
in a hundred different ways to get you
to think you know that's what we want so
we just have to start stop stop
defending and slinging mud and talking
about the little things start talking
about the bigger things because I really
think the flood gates are opening I
don't know what's gonna happen with this
election but I I have this feeling and I
don't know if you guys have it either
but I've talked to enough people around
the country and I've talked to I had
dinner last night with a guy who would
blow your frickin mind that we were even
on the same block he sat in my house
last night
and said I can't even talk to my own
party anymore
okay this is a guy who's currently in
the mix I can't even talk to my own
party
I don't know how to bridge this anymore
and I want to talk to you because maybe
maybe you can help me and I'm like are
you kidding me
I you know gerak calm down but the point
is he went off for 10 minutes you know
not on a comedic diet rod but sincerely
saying the line is moving everyday and
the line is moving and it's moving in a
scary direction Michael reckon weld who
we were talking about earlier today he's
a guy from NYU he was he described
himself I love this as a libertarian
communist okay I asked him he's a
libertarian communist he said and I'm a
theoretical kind of thing you know if we
ever get power we would do it right he's
he has now he's he's out at NYU his
story is absolutely incredible
he is now saying look I took this as hey
we want to make a better world
he said I'm watching my friends and I'm
watching the universities he said they
will end up killing people and he said
we're on the road that communism goes
all the time there are people in the
country that have had enough of it but
if we somebody said to me last week I I
was on some show and I said something
positive about President Trump and I
said it was on the the guy who was you
know taking papers off the president's
desk and I said so I said you know we
elected a president I got hammered
online because I said we elected a
president yeah well Glenn who the hell
do you think you we elected him not you
excuse me when the president is elected
we elected Barack Obama's right he's
supposed to be our president but the
point on this was here's a guy who was
against this president in the election
who now comes on
honestly says look I still don't like
this this is this but I gotta hand it to
him on this this and this and I'll
defend him on that and the core comes
back and says we don't want you that's
insane we have to come at principles and
welcome people welcome we don't have to
agree on everything
