presumptive catastrophic sort of
Republican nominee Donald Trump has a
big job on his hands he has to unify the
party while moving to the Center for the
general election while convincing
leaders he won't continue to act like a
jackass while continuing to act like a
jackass Trump got the effort underway by
a banding what only a fool could have
thought of as his principles after
claiming that ending candidate who
received donations was a bought and paid
for agent of finance ears Trump
announced he would be soliciting
donations in the hope of becoming a
bought and paid for agent of finance
ears Trump supporter said this was not a
flip-flop but only a canny example of
the canny business mans canny ability to
cannily change his most dearly held
ideals for totally opposite ideals
cannily Trump then went on to modify his
opposition to a minimum wage hike by
turning it into support for a minimum
wage hike Trump supporters said this
subtle shift shows the true conservatism
is really leftism and any conservative
who is no leftist is a cuck serve ative
and possibly even a Jew Trump did take a
firm stand on his own tax plan by firmly
coming out against his own tax plan
Trump supporters said anyone who thinks
this is a contradiction should be
dragged from his home and curb stomped
to death his house burned and his memory
erased from the minds of the living
Trump says he has also shifted his
religion from Christianity to Satanism
and is changing his slogan from make
America great again to make America the
flaming sword of the evil one in order
to destroy whatever is beautiful and
good Trump said quote people say Jesus
is Lord but he was crucified I prefer a
lord who wasn't crucified Satan has been
a strong leader for hell he's been a lot
stronger than our leaders Trump
supporters welcomed his announcement by
dancing naked around a golden statue of
the billionaire in his manifestation is
the sabbatic goat Baphomet ruler of this
world despite Trump's efforts some
Republican leaders have been reluctant
to endorse their port party's probable
nominee House Speaker Paul Ryan for
instance said he was not ready to give
Trump his endorsement Trump responded by
seizing Ryan's wife and carrying her to
the top of the Empire State Building
where presumptive Democratic candidate
Hillary Clinton tried to dislodge him by
flying past on a broomstick in writing
surrender mrs. Ryan in green smoke
across the
guy welcome to election 2016 trigger
warning I'm Andrew Clavin and this is
the Andrew Klavan show is it getting
worse and worse but but we're still here
that's the important thing we're back
we're back if you if you would only
subscribe you could see the the
beginnings of our beautiful new set it
kind of looks for if you don't subscribe
it kind of looks like Game of Thrones
the entire first three episodes kind of
spread out and back of me and if you do
subscribe it's all these felix just a
cheap piece of border backwards but but
subscribe and that way you can send us a
letter to communicate with us and on
wednesday i hope we will have our first
mail bag and actually answer some of
your questions all right the weekend we
had Captain America Civil War I I really
liked it and i also thought i also have
something to say about it which is
different than anything i've read i
actually had an observation about this
film that it was different than the
stuff that i've been reading about and i
will talk about that but first we have
to talk about the real civil war in the
Republican Party which is coming about
because Trump is now trying to gather
people around him while being the most
divisive and annoying part exist three
so he starts out with Paul Ryan came out
last week and said he wasn't ready to
endorse Donald Trump and and those two
words not ready I'm not ready have been
repeated over and over again so I wanted
to play an extended clip to give you the
full sense of what he was saying was
talking to jake tapper at CNN and tapper
said are you going to endorse him and
here is ryan's full response to be
perfectly candid with you Jake I'm just
not ready to do that at this point I'm
not there right now and i hope to though
and i want to but i think what is
required is that we unify this party and
I think the bulk of the burden on
unifying the party will have to come
from our presumptive nominee I don't
want to underplay what he accomplished
he needs to be congratulated for an
enormous accomplishment for winning not
now a plurality of Delegates and he's on
his way to winning a majority of
Delegates but he also inherit something
very special that's very special to a
lot of us this is the party of Lincoln
of Reagan of Jack Kemp and we don't
always nominate a Lincoln and oregano
for years but we hope that our nominee
I'm aspires to be Lincoln and Reagan
asked but that person um advances the
principles of our party and appeals to a
wide vast majority of Americans and so I
think what is necessary to make this
work to for this to unify is to actually
take our principles and advance them and
that's what we want to see saying we're
unified doesn't in and of itself unify
us but actually taking the principles
that we all believe in showing that
there's a dedication of those and
running a principle campaign that
Republicans can be proud about and that
can actually appeal to a majority of
Americans that to me is what it takes to
unify this parties so just to unpack
that a little bit i mean it was a it's a
very measured statement he's not
withholding his endorsement but he's
being very firm and saying that he wants
a candidate who act just a little bit
more like Reagan the Lincoln and maybe a
little bit less like pee-wee Herman he's
just a little little dignity dignity in
the in the party but it's a very firm
steadfast statement and remember that
Paul Ryan is going to be the chairman of
the Republican convention which is
supposed to be a uncommitted neutral
position so Trump is still only the
presumptive nominee everyone else has
dropped out but I think many people are
like casting spells and praying that
someone will be descend from the ceiling
and take it away from him somehow so so
why I was being very measured and of
course Trump shot back with well he's
not ready to support me I'm not ready to
support look at a 10 year old you know
coming back on him and he also
threatened to try and block him from
serving as the chairman of the
convention which i think is interesting
because I don't think he has any power
to do that but he can make a lot of
noise about it so they're going to meet
on Thursday and they're going to have a
conversation even worse than Trump's
reaction because Trump has has held back
he said he was blindsided by this and he
was surprised by it and he has held back
on going the full Trump on Ryan so far
but Sarah Palin I mean you know in the
same way that Donald Trump seems to me
to be the Liberals attacks on us come to
life all the nasty things that liberals
have said about us over the years that
I've been saying no no that's not true
it's not
true we're not like that at all suddenly
it was like they all congealed and
became Donald Trump ok we heard I was
like oh you're a person maybe we are her
a little like that maybe some of us are
like that you know Sarah Palin has now
become what the people who attacked her
said she was you know and I mean and
this is not a promising this personally
I'm saying as a political figure she has
now become this screechie crazy extreme
person who and she went to how she
responded to Paul Ryan same I think Paul
Ryan is soon to be cantered as an eric
cantor his political career is over but
for a miracle because he is so
disrespected the will of the people and
yeah as the the leader of the GOP the
convention certainly he is to remain
neutral and for him to already come out
and say who he will not support was not
a wise decision of his you know I think
white Paul Ryan is doing this Jake is it
kind of screws his chances for the 2020
presidential bid that he's gunning for
if the GOP were to win now that wouldn't
bode well for his chances in 2020 and
that's what he's shooting for so a lot
of people with their never Trump or not
right now Trump mantra going on they
have their different reasons I think
that one is Paul Ryan's reason yeah Paul
Ryan is afraid that if Trump wins he
won't be able to run in 2020s either
that or he thinks the Trump as a clown
is reptile I mean it one of those what
are the other you know you know that is
absurd I mean it's absurd first of all
he didn't say he wouldn't support Trump
he said he wasn't ready to support from
that is the most childish it's complete
crap I mean it's completely complete
nonsense is this idea that he's going to
be cantered you know we got rid of Eric
Cantor well I'm not even sure getting
rid of Eric Cantor was such a good idea
and it's so it's so weird how the far
right purity test that we've all been
yelling at people this guy's a traitor
and Paul Ryan's a traitor man this
always really bugged me because
I always thought Paul Ryan is a really
good thoughtful conservative I think
he's a man of integrity I think he's
been trying to do some I don't think he
necessarily was a very good vice
presidential candidate for for various
reasons that have really nothing to do
with his personality I'd have to do with
the fact that the people that are
opposed to his reform of the entitlement
system votes we need it so I'm not sure
that he he wasn't better off serving us
better in the house but but he's
obviously a man of principle he's taken
a principled stand he's gonna meet with
Trump on the twelfth which is thursday i
think and so i imagine what he's going
to say to trump is he's going to say hey
you know i need a statement from you
telling us that you are going to stick
to something that looks vaguely like
republican principles and what Trump is
going to say is I've got all these votes
millions of millions of votes frankly
you know that frankly they'd I mean I
won New York by everybody you've been
new york voted for me the entire state
you know he won all these states that
the democrats are going to win all the
states the trump one of the states that
the democrats are gonna win in the
general election so that doesn't mean
all that much but he says he says New
York's and play it might be we don't
know so Trump is going to go and say I
am the will of the people and it's what
I say now is the is the Republican Party
so that's the conversation they're gonna
have and Trump basically said this he
was talking to George Stephanopoulos and
he basically said it's it's not a
conservative party whose Wheaton I think
it's a mistake not to do this we want to
bring the party together does the party
have to be together does it have to be
unified I'm very different than
everybody else perhaps it's ever run for
office I actually don't think so i think
that doesn't have to know i don't think
so i think it would be better if it were
unified i think it would be there would
be something good about it but i don't
think it actually has to be unified into
traditional said i'm going to do what I
have to do I have millions of people
that voted for me because I have strong
borders because I want strong trade I
want good trade I want trade I don't
want to be an isolationist but what's
happening with China what's happening
with Japan what's happening with Mexico
they're just absolutely eating our lunch
it's a shame it's terrible so I have to
stay true to my principles also and I'm
a conservative but don't forget this is
called the Republican Party it's now
called the Conservative Party you know
there are conservative
parties it's called the Republican Party
but you know it obviously Trump knows
where the opposition's coming from it's
coming from us is coming from the
Conservatives and this is I think a kind
of this is kind of interesting if there
are any honest people on the Left paying
attention because you read the New York
Times the New Times of skewing the news
this is Donald Trump's party there were
always trump there now Trump and there
Trump Trump Trump Trump Trump you know
that's the New York Times point of view
but if any honest leftist is paying
attention he must be saying to himself
huh maybe they weren't all Trump I mean
the fact that people are standing up
against Trump is might might be telling
to an honest left winger who suddenly
looking at this and saying gee I thought
they this is who they were that suddenly
there are voices opposing what I want to
know though is what can he say the Paul
Ryan that Paul Ryan can believe what
words could come out of Donald Trump's
mouth where Ryan could say oh now I'm
reassured I mean if Ryan is looking for
a fig leaf if he's looking for a way of
saying to the public well he told me
this kind of what what Sean Hannity has
been doing Sean Hannity you know Trump
goes on and babbles and sean hannity
says so you believe it's a matter for
the states and you know Trump goes yeah
whatever and an entity says well he said
it was a matter for the states and go
like wait wait I'm sorry I lost I'm
totally lost now so you know if that's
what Ryan is looking for if he's looking
for a fig leaf that's all he's going to
get because everything the Trump says is
up for grabs I mean he did say you know
that he was against the hike in the
minimum wage now he's going around
saying well you know how can anybody
live on 725 which is the federal minimum
wage first of all 29 states have higher
minimum wages that's the first thing I
think two percent of full-time workers
get minimum wage two percent of people
with a job and it is that's not a lot of
money i mean 725 an hour is not a lot of
course it depends where you live but
it's still it is nowhere where it's a
lot of money but raising the minimum
wage destroys those jobs so it's not
like you go from getting 725 an hour to
getting 15 you go from 725 part of
getting zip you're getting you know he's
sitting at home and collecting the dole
and that's what that's the problem that
economists and conservatives have with
the minimum wage does not mean pneus
it's not like you know you don't deserve
more money it's just that you
it's what the market will bear so he
changed on that he posted his own tax
plan which I cool huh he had this tax
plan that cut everybody's taxes okay so
it cuts everybody taxes and suddenly
says well you know the rich should pay
more I'm a rich person and I'm willing
to pay more which an argument I always
loved because it doesn't really mean
that the rich person is going to pay
more what it means is the middle class
going to pay more because Richard never
pay more they rich the guys who have
billions of dollars don't pay more taxes
that's not going to happen so if he
wants to pay more taxes there's a little
website the Treasury you know their
heights welcome to send the money in but
that's not really way so so anything he
says sticks you know there was an
article today in the New York Times by a
philosophy professor and the guy said
that this is part of his power is the
fact that he doesn't care if he
completely contradicts himself that when
he countered that when he says well I
can't really you know deny or disrespect
the Ku Klux Klan and then he says oh
yeah I completely reject the Ku Klux
Klan that people hear what they want to
hear they the guys who like the clan say
well he had to say that second thing you
know and the guys who want to be
reassured say well he changed his mind
you know so if he says completely
opposite things it actually helps him
and he's not held to the same standard
as other candidates and the other thing
the guy said was that it makes people
feel but he's powerful if he's like if
he just lies in your face if he just
lies in your face you know yeah yeah I'm
for the clan I'm against the Klan
whatever I say whatever I want to say
because I don't care about it makes
people feel like he's a tough guy like
he's telling the press you know the
media who we all hate he's telling him I
don't care what you think you know I can
I'm just gonna lie in your face people
people actually like it that this stuff
is help I mean it's the stratagem of a
scoundrel you know it's a terrible thing
to do and by the way by the way in
answer to these people and I've been
getting this I've been getting this
tweet and email a lot and answer the
people who say you're not respecting the
people did I miss the place where the
people earned my respect I mean did I
miss that moment you know the people
voted for Barack Obama and I respect the
will of the people in the sense that I
respect a hurricane you know when a
hurricane comes I stay indoors because I
know there's a
a lot of power there that I can't
control I respect the people to that
degree but you got to earn my respect
they be voting you're voting for a guy
who's a thug and he's corrupt and he
bullies people and everything about it
listen I see two principal paths I see
definitely see two principal path is not
like I think everybody who supports
Trump is in the wrong the first path
will call it the Shapiro option okay
because his been was kind of talking
about it last week on his show and that
is that we conservatives now retreat
essentially from the political field we
acknowledge that you know whether
whether it Gorgo you know whether
Godzilla or you know Rhoda wins the
fight the city's going to be destroyed
so it doesn't matter we're just going to
run screaming in Japanese through the
streets of this thing get at it down and
rebuild our conservative organization we
are going to rebuild our movement wet
we're going to start it here at the
daily wire and that's by the way another
great reason to subscribe if you want to
be where the principled conservatives
are and where the principal
conservatives are thinking about what
how we're going to handle this
disastrous situation this is the place
to be because this is the place because
we are we are not we are not in debt to
anybody we are going to tell you exactly
what we think every step of the way both
me and then we're both we're and
everyone who writes here is going to say
what we want to say nobody is telling us
what to say and we will we will take the
principal option every time again so
this is one thing you know it's kind of
like when Reagan lost afford when he
lost the nomination to Ford he quoted a
famous ballad which goes kind of like a
knight who's been hurt in battle says I
am wounded sire but I am NOT slain I
will lay me down to bleed a while then
rise to fight again and that's kind of
what that's the Shapiro's up and that's
what we're going to do and one of the
part of the logic beyond this was it
Ross do thought wrote in The New York
Times this morning part of the reason
for doing that is that even a successful
trump presidency a trump presidency that
people like that maybe you know where
maybe the economy recovered he's going
to destroy conservatives it's going to
destroy the Reagan coalition I mean in
the same way that a successful Clinton
presidency was bad for
services it was good for the country in
a lot of ways because he did
conservative things but it made people
think you know the Democrat Party is
rejecting everything that Clinton did
because it was conservative so it made
people think that it wasn't conservative
made them think oh this is the way
Democrats behave which is nonsense you
know so a trump presidency here's here's
Ross do thought he says in a fully Trump
eyes GOP Reagan's ideological coalition
would crack up Hawks would drift toward
the Democrats supply siders would fade
into cranker II religious conservatives
would enter a semi permanent exile and
in its place a trump pised Republican
intelligentsia would arise with as
little interest in Reaganism as today's
conservatives have and the ideas of
Nelson Rockefeller or jacob javits
famous famously liberal Republicans the
things conservatives are telling
themselves to justify supporting Trump
at least he might appoint good judges
for instance that's one of the things
that people are saying to justify their
support for Trump they miss the long
term point the Reagan coalition might
get an acceptable Supreme Court
appointment out of the trump presidency
it might but that could easily be the
last thing it ever got so if we jump on
the Trump train and another thing by the
way that I would say is if we jump on
the chump Trump train Trump just by
virtue of his reptilian personality
soils us it's very hard for us to go
back to responsible reasonable people in
the center and say try our ideas once
we've attached ourselves to a guy like
Trump now the others principal point of
view is was in the Wall Street Journal
today from Bobby Jindal the governor of
Louisiana basically he said it's the
famous I'm holding my nose you know he's
basically Jindal has attacked Trump in
no uncertain terms I mean he has called
him every name of the book but today he
wrote this op-ed in the Wall Street
Journal he said I think electing Donald
Trump would be the second worst thing we
could do this November better only than
a lectin Hillary Clinton to serve as the
third term for the Obama
administration's radical policies I am
not pretending that mr. Trump has
suddenly become a conservative champion
or even a reliable Republican he is
completely unpredictable the problem is
that Hillary is predictably liberal so
that is the
their point of view and those are two
principal points of views I respect them
you know I don't think as conservatives
as conservatives rebuilding our movement
because no matter what happens we're
gonna have to rebuild our movement I
don't think we should be issuing purity
tests I mean men have consciences I
think even women of conscience it's
doing cleansing No okay sorry upset I
misspoke but I know but men and women
have consciences any living breathing
conservative movement has got to respect
the consciences of principle men and
women it's got to or else we're just
we're just the kind of ideologues we
become Barack Obama of the right which
is not what we want to do we want to say
you know we allow people to change their
mind I mean this guy but the one thing I
cannot respect I cannot bring myself to
respect is the enthusiastic love and
support for this creepiness bully I mean
the man is a creek no he's what the Jews
have an expression a Shonda to the goyim
it means he shames us before the
Gentiles and I think that is a problem
with this guy with link you know with
attaching ourselves to a guy who behaves
in this manner let alone his lies let
alone the fact that we don't know what
he stands for let alone the fact that he
has no sense of constitutional limits on
his authority aside from that his
behavior is so bad that it shames the
movement all right but on to the other
civil war among the Avengers which is
far more serious because they have all
those powers and they tear things up
maybe so I went to see this movie i
found a delightful like you know i'm not
i'm not a big superhero movie I in fact
I've kind of been a state away from them
for the past couple years so I this this
is part of the story that is it's called
captain america but it's really an
Avengers movie so this is part of the
Winter Soldier vengers of age of Ultron
series so it's a kind of a series part
of that story but I could follow it and
there was no problem it was not like
Batman and Superman and by the way
there'll be no spoilers in this I'm not
going to spoil anything in the movie
however the one thing I noticed was that
the plot to this movie was exactly the
same plot as Batman vs Superman which
was a terrible movie is it vs Superman
to Superman vs Batman I Kenny
remember but it's exactly the same plot
they they gin up this moral gray area
which wouldn't in real life be immoral
rare which in that saving in saving the
world the superheroes commit collateral
damage and that people are now upset
that their vigilantes play just a little
bit of the trailer so they can see the
idea well a great many people see you as
a hero there are some would prefer the
word vigilant you've operated with
unlimited power and no supervision
that's something the world can no longer
tolerate I know how much is here
stare to this one please
you only make us worse you saying you'll
arrest me
big consequences captain you seem a
little defensive has been a long day if
you can accept limitations we're no
better new bad guys that's not the last
something want to punch you in your
perfect teeth all right so in both
Batman and Superman and and in this
Civil War the authorities want to have
some kind of governments over these
superheroes so in batman vs. superman is
the american government in this it's the
international government and there's a
disagreement and this is all in the
trailer so I'm not giving anything away
iron man takes one side he says yes we
should be governed by the United Nations
and Captain America says no you know we
know bet we don't have to serve the
agenda of the people in in government of
the people in the UN and that's where
the the team becomes divided what's
really fascinating about this is it
fascinating first of all the two immense
superhero movies have the same one from
the DC Universe one from the more Marvel
Universe have exactly the same plots and
I think the reason for that is they are
reacting to something whether they know
it or not I'm not sure whether they know
it or not they're reacting to our role
in the war on terror they're reacting to
the fact that we are obviously in the
right in fighting Islamic terrorism and
we go into these countries like Iraq and
we cause collateral damage people die
not just the bad guys but children than
women and people are innocents get
killed in these wars and should the
reason Batman vs Superman is such a bad
movie for it's bad for a million reasons
but one is because it's the American
government who wants control over
Superman which makes a lot more sense
than the United Nations taken control of
Captain America he is America so the
question that they're raising is are we
now to be governed by the united nations
are we now an international enterprise
instead of our government and that's
exactly the argument that is taking
place in this election it is exactly the
and it comes from the same place it
comes from our reaction i think it's an
unconscious reaction to our movement
overseas to battle to dislodge the
government in Iraq to fight the forces
of Islamic extremism a lot of people
Trump really included or saying why are
we the ones over there if I let them
kill each other what do we care we know
they come over here but maybe we should
just pull back and protect ourselves why
should we be fighting why should our
guys be dying over there and so that's
the question that's going that's being
answered
have you know and we really have the
same thing happening in our election on
the one hand you have Donald Trump
Hussein build a wall keep out the world
we're going to we're going to have trade
wars with our trading partners if
anybody tries to leave the country if
any business tries to leave the country
we're going to tariffs him into the
ground we're going to protect America
first and then you have John Kerry right
are our new secretary state to replace
Clinton he gave a commencement address
at i think was Northwestern University
I'm not sure he gave a commencement
address in which he said kids get ready
for a borderless wall world there's
going to be a borderless world we're not
going to let Donald Trump build any
walls there's going to be a borderless
world so John Kerry will call him
ironhead man and on the other side we
have Donald Trump will call him captain
america first right happy let's battle
over who is going to control are we
going to become an international a
global government and I think the thing
is both these guys Trump and Carrie I
heard Trump give the commencement
address at Yale by the way and I find
the guy just a Deadhead I think he's a
knucklehead you know i do not think this
is an intelligent very intelligent man
and obviously I don't think Trump is a
very intelligent man but the argument
there having is real the borders are
falling away the walls are falling away
we have to do business with the world we
have to do business with the world so we
can have all the neat stuff that we like
nobody's going to get rid of the stuff
that we like the iphones that don't cost
a two thousand dollars which because
part of them are made overseas or
cashews which they you know you can't
get here you know all the things that we
that we love that are making that make
the world rich are coming from this
global economy and as you have a global
economy you're going to move toward
global governance trade follows the
flack but but to simply say because the
world is becoming global we have to
surrender our ideals and our ideas which
is basically the obama doctrine it's
like you know we're not exceptional
we're not special we are special we are
special we are the spearhead of a
righteous idea and that idea is not
fairness its fairness before the law and
liberty those are the idea
you know in Germany they are now telling
women they have to dress differently to
accommodate the immigrants who are
molesting them there tell their they're
even thinking of banning sexy women on
commercials so that the Muslims will not
be offended and I guess moved excited
and moved to and move to attack women
that's the sign of a nation that has
lost the sense of what it's about not
that women shouldn't be modest I would
like to see women be a little bit more
modest that has nothing to do with it
it's their choice it's their decision
how they dress what they look like how
they present themselves it's not ours
and it's not it's certainly not the
right of thugs these Islamic thugs to
tell women what they should be like they
have lost their way if we lose our way
we're going to have to build a wall
because when these people come in
they'll simply take over and transform
the country if we say to people yeah you
can come in but you've got to become us
you can deal with us but you've got to
deal fairly you've got to deal with in
the law you know we can have less more
of a global world but that global world
is going to look like us and that it's
going to be free the women are going to
be free the religious people are going
to be free there's not going to be any
killing people when they convert it
ain't going to happen until we can make
that strong statement if you think
that's Imperial tough it doesn't matter
and then it's the it's the imperialism
of good ideas the imperialism of good
ideas we have to stand for that and
that's going to be the answer because
otherwise we're all going to wind up
like Iron Man and Captain America just
beating the crap out of each other which
would be entertaining but all right
stuff I like um this week we're going to
do books that have gotten on the
bestseller list that are actually good
okay because that's that's pretty rare
you know most bestselling novels are not
any good they're kind of trashy but
these are books that I've read that I
think are really good one of them is was
a phenomenon called the girl on the
train by Paula Hawkins if you want to
read a terrific entertaining kind of
beach read or just you know a vacation
read or something like this this thing
is great it's just about a girl in
London who travels on the train every
day and looks out the window and it's
kind of like a Hitchcockian thing that
unravels and
as you get into it you get to learn more
about this girl and her terrible
problems more about the people she's
looking at through the train window and
then something I won't give it away but
something happens and it becomes as
tremendous mystery suspense it's
beautifully written beautifully
conceived really well plotted that's my
that's always my thing most of these
people don't know how to put a plot
together this is a really well plotted
story kind of neo girl Hitchcock will
call it girl learner train all right
back into the week things are going to
develop quickly there's going to be a
lot this one thing we have to say about
this election the one positive thing we
can say about it's going to be
entertaining and it's going to be even
more entertaining if you experience it
here I'm Andrew Clavin this is the
Andrew Klavan show we'll see you again
tomorrow
