every now and again I like to go visit a
website called everyday feminism because
while feminists are as amusingly stupid
as goldfish you're not allowed to keep
them in a bowl of water on your desk
today at everyday feminism we find an
article called
five simple questions that will help you
avoid unintentional cultural
appropriation
now cultural appropriation is when a
member of one culture uses or wear
something that is generally associated
with another culture this is a very bad
thing to do because it suggests that
we're all children of God sharing a
small planet together and should be able
to borrow interesting customs and
costumes from one another at will in a
spirit of love and harmony who wants
that an example of cultural
appropriation would be if a white girl
wore dreadlocks and said things like I
be a white girl but I think dreads is
the ssin izzle
this would of course be cultural
appropriation from blacks and with us
give a black girl the right to beat the
white girl up that would in turn be
cultural appropriation from the
Sicilians who would then be allowed to
bury the black girl and cement leaving
the white girl for you to wear the
dreadlocks other examples of one culture
group stealing something from a
different cultural group would be an
African using technology a man using a
woman's bathroom
Mexicans using America Muslims loving
their neighbors as themselves and women
acting rationally which brings me back
to everyday feminism here are the five
questions the website suggests you ask
yourself before doing something that
might unintentionally be cultural
appropriation I am NOT making these
questions up say you're a white girl and
you want to wear a kimono everyday
feminism suggests you ask yourself one -
what ethnic / racial / cultural group
does the practice or artifact belong
obviously with the kimono kimono the
answer is the Japanese question - how is
the group that the practice or artifact
belongs to oppressed here the answer is
Japanese people have to live in Japan
and are forced to speak a language no
one can understand question three
do you benefit from using this artifact
how that's really two questions but
remember these are feminists and after
they count past one things get a little
unclear question four why might you're
using this artifact make someone
uncomfortable actually kimonos are
generally loose-fitting and made of silk
so it should be pretty comfortable for
everyone if not you can exchange it for
a larger size and finally question five
what makes it possible for you to use
this artifact and here the answer is
that your boyfriend has been hanging out
on those Asian girl websites so wearing
a kimono will really get the evening off
to a good start
once you've asked yourself these five
questions you should know whether you're
unintentionally engaging in cultural
appropriation and you should then be
ready to move on to the next stage which
is intentional cultural appropriation
with a little practice you'll soon be
able to walk right up to the nearest
American Indian and steal his land
trigger one
I'm Andrew Clavin and this is the ng
flavin show thank you ladies for
providing the laughs its man oh man that
site can you imagine living like that
you know oh I'm really glad i tuned into
this site so I have that advice before I
put on my kimono anyway and we here are
going to play in a drinking game
everything every time a sentient
creature even thinks about voting for
Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump we're
going to take a shot you won't be able
to see this unless you subscribe do you
doubt us subscribe and if you you know
subscribe you not only can hear it you
can see it and what you'll see is two
sneakers from under the desk basically
but you can subscribe and you can send
in questions and we'll have you on the
show we were just talking before the
show we're gonna arrange to start
answering some of the mail we get if you
subscribe if you don't subscribe then we
just ignore you and may even drop by
your house and take things we don't know
all right it's on to Indiana and things
are looking grim for the Cruz people
Cruz Ted Cruz is not happy not only
there's a poll out today at Gallup poll
and this is not about the voters this is
how Republicans see Ted Cruz okay
there's a Gallup poll says Ted Cruz
who's attempting to hold on to the
narrowing
ability that he can rest the GOP
nomination away from frontrunner Donald
Trump faces a crucial Indiana primary on
Tuesday meanwhile and perhaps ominously
for Cruz he has run into headwinds among
Republicans at the national level his
image has essentially nosedived over the
past week or two while Trump's image has
become more positive Republicans views
of Cruz are now the worst in gallops
history of tracking the Texas senator
his image among Republicans and
Republican leaning independents is at 39
percent favorable and 45 percent
unfavorable physicists among Republicans
based on an April 24th 230 interviewing
for a net favorable score of -6 the last
few days have marked the first time we
have seen Cruz's image underwater since
we began daily tracking in July that's
the Gallup poll so Republicans don't and
that part of this is obviously just the
effect of losing I mean part of this is
that Donald Trump you know have these
mega victories and then the all
throughout the East Coast all throughout
the you know train Amtrak corridor and I
think that it's just making Cruz look
desperate he's tried this thing with
Carly Fiorina you tried teaming up with
Kasich and I think people are just
thinking like ah you know you he's
beginning to sweat he's beginning you
can see him sweat and I think people
don't like that and of course there's
also the fact that the Republican
establishment is now can't help itself
but voice this eight reduced a have been
you know Cruz went into the Senate he
called Mitch McConnell a liar he you
know shut down the Congress at down the
government over funding Obamacare he
made a show of his own integrity in
contrast to the lack of integrity of the
Republicans somehow I don't know the
Republicans didn't take that well John
Bainer John Boehner who is like the
avatar of the establishment is the
establishment turned into a human being
John Boehner called him what he said
Lucifer is Lucifer in the flesh and the
Satanist objected to this the Satanist
objected
their hero being compared to Ted Cruz he
says mate Negus Negus Peter Howard
Gilmore the high priest of the Church of
Satan said in a statement having a
conservative Christian liken to Lucifer
someone who opposes equal rights for
same-sex couples and promotes the
ability to deny serve
to people with different values we
Satanist CEA's besmirching the positive
heroic aspects of satan has portrayed by
milton in his epic poem Paradise Lost so
that that rumbling erode was John Milton
rolling over in his grave these guys
took an English class and Kylie took
like English 101 and read you know read
stories about Satan as a hero in
Paradise Lost
anyway now clue Cruz is reduced to
claiming that he never worked together
at all we have a kind of ears Cruz
responding to this I don't even know
John Bainer during the government
shutdown I reached out to John Boehner
and I offered for mikeandleah and me to
come over and work with the speaker can
we resolve this and actually get
something meaningful done to stop the
disaster that is obamacare John banners
response was I have no interest in
talking to you what possibly could be
accomplished by having a conversation no
I will not mean so when he says that I'm
the worst guy he's ever worked with he's
never worked with me the thing to
understand about Washington actually
banners comments reveal everything that
is wrong and corrupt with Washington
everything that you're angry with when
John Boehner calls me Lucifer he's not
directing that at me he's directing that
you
what Vader is angry with me for is not
anything I've ever said to I haven't
said much of anything
what mayor is angry with me for is
standing with the American people is
energizing an encouraging House
conservatives to stand with the American
people and actually honor the
commitments we've made see that's that's
essentially the truth what Boehner and
the rest of the Republicans are angry
about is that Cruz was representing the
base and they've been consistently
telling the base one thing and doing
another over and over and over again and
that's why everybody that's why the
party split but it doesn't matter
because Cruz is now caught in this vise
because the establishment hates him and
the people now think that he's the
establishment compared to Trump they
think he's the establishment yesterday
he gets he gets his argument with a
trump protester it went on for like
eight minutes he's debating this
protester and you know if you if you see
it if you can see the video the guy the
guy has just got this kind of implacable
face this little grin on his face and
Cruz's arguing I'll play play the small
cut we have this man is lying to you
he's taking advantage
like killers okay stop what word did I
say was loud and goober
Donald punch in the face protesters and
that is rallies this is on national
television
you can watch the facts of him standing
at the podium saying no and in fact he
says he'll pay I'll pay your legal fees
when you punch him in the face
you know Cruz is he's citing the
Constitution he's citing the facts he's
arguing he's debating the guys but we
don't want you here we don't want you
know it's kind of its kind of like now
Trump has secured the Oxycontin vote I
mean it's like Donald Trump will stop
the pain that I'm in when my oxy
prescriptions out and that is the
election in a nutshell I mean Cruz
thought he was gonna go out with the
principles of the base with the ideas of
the base you didn't realize they don't
want the principles they don't want the
ideas they want their feelings
personified
they want their they feel cheated they
feel that America has lost its stature
in the world and they want those
emotions personified it doesn't matter
why it doesn't matter what the idea
whether this ideal fix or that idea they
just want that anger personified and
Donald Trump is going to do it you know
Andrew Sullivan
I'm not a big Andrew Sullivan fan he he
kind of paraded himself as kind of like
was the old Milo innopolis he paraded
himself as the gay conservative kind of
he had this this website the blog that
he did and I you know he went crazy over
Sarah Palin he had this obsessive thing
about where her children came from and
where their children really hit was
really nuts but but he's written a piece
for New York magazine which basically
says America is now ripe for tyranny
because we've become too democratic and
it's a very interesting piece because I
always kind of suspected Sullivans I
didn't really trust Sullivan's
conservative bonafide he's he always
just sounded like a sort of Democrat
with a little bit of wisp of good sense
but this does sound pretty conservative
he talks about reading Plato the
philosopher not the
colored clay play and play-doh didn't
like democracy first of all because they
killed his mentor the Democratic Greeks
killed his mentor Socrates and he wrote
his dialogues through Socrates he made
Socrates a character and character and
Socrates would proclaim his philosophy
and in the Republic he takes on
democracy and he doesn't like it he
asked him play the last a very simple
and disturbing question which is who is
wise the many or the few obviously few
people are wise not the many or wise and
so he said well why should the many then
have the right to vote and to decide the
government now he didn't know about the
wisdom of crowds which is an argument
against it but Sullivan has a take on
sock on Plato's Republic a little bit
I'm not sure how much I you know it's
been a while since I've read the
Republic it's a little more Sullivan
than Plato but still hears Sullivan
writing about it in New York magazine
Socrates seem pretty clear on one
sobering point that tyranny is probably
established out of no other regime than
democracy that's a quote from the
Republic what did Plato mean by that
democracy for him was a political system
of maximal freedom and equality where
every lifestyle is allowed and public
offices are filled by a lottery and the
longer a democracy lasted Plato argued
the more democratic it would become its
freedoms would multiply its equality
spread deference to any sort of
authority would wither tolerance of any
kind of inequality would come under
intense threat and multiculturalism and
sexual freedom would create a city or a
country like quote a many-colored cloak
decorated in all hues sullivan goes on
the rainbow flag polity play go Plato
argues is for many people the fairest of
regimes the freedom in that democracy
has to be experienced to be believed
with shame and privilege in particular
emerging over time as anathema so shame
and privilege of the worst things that
can happen which does sound very much
like America today Sullivan continues
but it is inherently unstable this
democracy is inherently unstable as the
authority of elites fades as
establishment value cede to popular
one's views and identities can become so
magnificently diverse as to be mutually
when everyone is equal when elites are
despised and full license is established
to do whatever one wants you arrived
what might be a trite what might be
called late-stage democracy
there's no kowtow into authority here
let alone two political experience or
expertise and this is when democracy has
ripened as when democracy has ripened as
fully as this Plato argues a would-be
tyrant will often seize his moment this
is where the tyrant comes along and sort
of says to people you know you were been
being abused by the authorities you have
the right to do anything you want and I
will represent those feelings that you
want so it's a it's a well written piece
and worth taking a look at and Sullivan
and Sullivan was on TV he was on
hardball with Chris Matthews and he
pointed out that that Bernie Sanders is
a you know he says Trump is a demagogue
he called Trump a couple other choice
things as well on em his language I
don't usually hear on MSNBC but he said
Bernie Sanders is a demagogue as well
because he keeps saying oh you know the
billionaire's it's the fault of the
billionaires like the billionaire's you
know the billionaires haven't done
anything to us they haven't taken
anything away from us it's not the fault
of the billionaires we have you know
what's happening right now is we have an
economy that is a tremendous transition
it's becoming global it's very difficult
where some people are winning some
people are losing but but we also have a
government across the west not just in
America across the west that is doing
the wrong thing by over regulating that
economy instead of letting it free so
little guys can rise up through the
ranks okay so people are angry he points
out that Bernie I mean Bernie Sanders
yesterday he said he kind of pulled the
same he sounds just like Trump he pulled
the the system is rigged to he's gonna
push for an open convention to let's
hear what Sanders says it is virtually
impossible for Secretary Clinton to
reach the majority of convention
delegates by June 14th with pledged
delegates alone she will need
super-delegates to take her over the top
at the convention in Philadelphia in
other words the convention will be a
contested contest we believe that we are
in a
very strong position to win many of
these remaining contests and we have an
excellent chance to win in California
the state with far and away the most
delegates those super delegates in
states where I the candidate Secretary
Clinton or myself has won a landslide
victory those super delegates or to
seriously reflect on whether they should
cast their super delegate vote in line
with the wishes of the people of their
states
so there's Bernie making the exact same
argument as Trump which is that the
people are being cheated he used the
same words he said the system is rigged
exact same words that the people are
being cheated and in the on the Democrat
side of course he's right the Machine
they used those super-delegates to lock
in the Machine politics of the Democrat
Party how else could somebody like
Hillary Clinton
you know rise and by the way speaking of
demagogues for some reason Hillary
Clinton always gets a pass these
proto-truk but they can't see that
Hillary Clinton is just as big a
Democrat she tells each person here she
is here she is speaking to the
n-double-a-cp I mean this is actually
amazing when you think about it I'll
tell you why afterwards listen to her
first
we cannot let Barack Obama's legacy fall
into Donald Trump's hands
we can't let all the hard work and
progress we've achieved over the last
seven Fe torn away we have to move
forward together we have to bring our
country together we have to keep working
toward that more perfect union that
mission feels more urgent than ever now
that the Obama presidency is coming to a
close we've been blessed to have this
strong thoughtful leader sitting in the
Oval Office and an exceptional first
lady by his side they have made us proud
they have represented America to the
world with style and grace and it is up
to us to make sure that when they leave
the White House the concerns and
priorities they champion the hopes and
dreams that America's have entrusted to
them don't also leave what's insane
about this what's insane about this is
she's in Detroit she is in Detroit
outside the walls of that room is the
smoking ruin of every Democrat policy
brought to life it is just a city that
has been reduced to rubble as Chicago is
being reduced to rubble now as New
Orleans was reduced to rubble by
Democrat policies and they're applauding
whether we need to preserve the Obama
legacy and it's the n-double a-c-p so
they're black people what has what has
Obama done for black people what has he
done for black people except be black
which I you know I'll admit that's
actually something I get it I get it I
get the symbolism of that but there the
crime is rising in their neighborhoods
their their economics their unemployment
rates are skyrocketing he's done nothing
give us more destruction what do you
know you know so they're all demagoguing
we're getting this this thing where it's
like the people the people have to have
their voice and what's especially
interesting and it's especially
interesting that's Andrew Sullivan wrote
about this being a gay guy it's
especially interesting how in in Plato
analysis of the fall of democracy that
sexual that the increase in sexual and
personal freedom goes hand-in-hand with
a decrease in political freedom I mean
and this is the founders all said this
the founders all said that the
Constitution is a document for a
religious people if you're not a
religious people you can't be this free
you cannot be this free the government
has to control you if you can't control
yourself and we're sort of seeing that
and what is especially interesting to me
about this is if in Indiana things go
pear-shaped if Trump and Hillary come
out of Indiana as the presumptive
victors which right this minute it looks
like they will we don't know but let's
say this happens if if Trump and Hillary
come out all the social questions are
off the table for the next four years I
mean let's face it
obviously Hillary is a leftist so she uh
you know she's just from doing whatever
you want and everybody's equal and
everything is equal and Trump is a liar
about this I mean he certainly you know
Cruz's right he's a guy with New York
values he certainly believes doesn't
care anything about gays gay marriage
none of that matters to him at all and
he says he's against abortion but he's
lying I mean he's lying the same way
Obama lied about being against gay
marriage now here's the thing I'm a New
York guy myself I have new New York
values - I don't care what people do
sexually and in fact it offends me when
people link abortion and gay marriage in
the same conversation that those are all
the social issues I mean it seems to me
quite different quite different question
about whether you a baby has a right to
live to stay alive and whether two guys
have a right to Claire that they're
married but but what is what is true
what is true is that when you strip away
any sense of right and wrong when you
strip away when everything becomes about
tolerating difference I mean because
let's face it a genius is abnormal and
so is a serial killer the only question
is right and wrong you have to be able
to ask those questions and if we can't
ask the question about whether gay
marriage is right or wrong if we're not
if that is an offense if we can't ask
the question about whether a guy going
into a girl's bathroom is right or wrong
is that good or bad and we
hence the question about abortion
whether it's right or wrong if that's
just offense and offense against freedom
if everything is an offense against
freedom and nothing is a question of
right or wrong
we eventually lose our humanity you know
there's a video I'll show you this brief
clip of a video of a pro a right to life
group I can't remember always called
created equal I think goes out to a
college campus and interviews a woman
who is protesting in favor of abortion
and they ask this woman at what point
does it become wrong to abort a baby
eight months what about two minutes
after the baby is born
okay so they asked this woman here's a
response I'm not gonna make a blanket
decision that any woman that goes out
and casual sex and it's wrong so would
you make a judgement call like I don't
know eight months pregnancy would you
say that's always wrong to have an
abortion then what about what about two
minutes after birth is always wrong to
kill that child what medical
circumstance no sort of two minutes
after birth so we're post birth the baby
is there what medical emergency could
make you could make you need to take a
born baby outside the womb two minutes
and kill that child what medical
emergency would cause that you cut the
cord take the baby away you would never
need to kill that child after birth
whether I blanketly believe it's wrong
to kill newborn babies I have no idea
what medical necessities or what medical
issues would arise that would
necessitate that so I can't make a
blanket statement that I would call it
murder in every case I'm not in the
operating room okay she she has no she
has no idea let me let me ask you this
do you think if when that woman was a
little girl if you showed her a baby
two minutes born and asked her if it was
right to kill it you think she knew then
you think she had an idea then whether
it was right or wrong I
think she did I think she would have
known on the instant I think she would
have told you about at seconds
hesitation that it is wrong to kill that
baby what happened to her what happened
to her well let me let me stipulate what
no let me guess what happened to her
okay
you know the power the power of our
desire to feel virtuous is huge when I'm
talking about demagoguery when I'm
talking about the fact that people are
going to the people and we've lost our
our faith in the our elites one of the
reasons we lost our faith in our elites
is they're our elites opted to feel
virtuous instead of doing the right
thing our elites opted to feel virtuous
about Mexicans coming over the border
without thinking that maybe poor people
suffer when illegal immigrants come in
and take their jobs they don't think
about that because they feel virtuous
they feel understanding elites feel
virtuous when they say oh you know yeah
sure let a let a man who thinks he's a
woman use a girl's bathroom you know
they're not the ones they're not the
ones who are going to get attacked they
are not the ones who are gonna be
assaulted or have their little girls you
know they're gonna be protected they
have the money and the status to be
protected from their own decisions
when you when you do something that's
wrong like have an abortion the the act
of turning back becomes so difficult the
act of saying I did something wrong I am
ashamed I feel guilty I need forgiveness
that's a really really tough thing to do
and if people are standing on the
sidelines cheering you on to the next
step saying don't feel bad there's
nothing to feel bad about all in two
reactions feels just about your freedom
it's all about your freedom it's not
about right or wrong it's not about the
you know once look I want you to be free
but once you're free you start to have
to make decisions about what's right and
wrong if you keep going down that road
that's what you end up with you end up
with a woman who cannot tell whether
it's wrong to kill a newborn baby she
can't tell she no she said herself I
have no idea and like I said when she
was a little girl she knew but now she
doesn't know and that is we're in danger
of that happening to our country when
you know when you are appealing purely
to them to pure democracy we're not
supposed to be a democracy we're
supposed to be a republic the people
want what they want they want to be free
they want to have pleasure they want to
get
stuff they want to pay fewer taxes I
mean we have this in California where
every every law is voted on by the
people you know give us more stuff but
don't raise our taxes give us more stuff
but don't raise our taxes and then when
they raise the taxes and they tell us
that everything is fine as they're doing
now we don't get anything for we don't
get any new services I mean we are just
broke and our pensions are gonna
bankrupt the state doesn't matter give
us what we want and don't make us pay
for it that is what the people say when
Plato was afraid of the many when the
founders of this country were afraid of
the many that's what they were afraid of
and so now we are about to have if
Indiana goes sideways if Indiana goes
pear-shaped and it come and Trump and
Hillary come out as the presumptive
nominees that is what we're gonna have
for the next four years and is now going
to become it's now going to become our
responsibility the responsibility of
those who said no the responsibility of
those who said don't do it don't go
there it's gonna become our
responsibility to begin the very very
difficult process of teaching people
again that there is no freedom without
morality there is no freedom without God
there is no freedom without religion and
that is where we're gonna start you know
if you wonder why guys like glenn beck
crazy guys like glenn beck and ben
shapiro i mean guys right i mean these
guys these guys belong in some kind of
pattern room right they are the ones
standing up it's because they know the
face of their god you know and maybe you
don't agree with their version of god
but at least they know that that
morality is there it is not just you
know an opinion it is written written
into the fabric of reality and we're
going to have to begin the very
difficult process of teaching of people
that has been fed on its own freedom
that they're going to have to learn what
how that fabric of reality works once
again should be an interesting day folks
and i'm starting i just a few more
minutes of the show and then i start
drinking so it's gonna be great for me
all right stuff i like now i'm talking
about crazy ban I'm gonna been stealing
from Shapiro this week to do some stuff
I hate but I'm not just doing stuff that
I particularly hate I'm doing stuff that
everybody else loves that I hate and I
and I it's not that I hate it I just
think it's bad I think it's bad what
makes a work of art bad you know you say
well work of art it's just a taste I
don't agree with that I don't agree that
taste defines a work of art I think that
I
think that a work of art is there to do
something is there to teach us about the
inner experience of human life and if it
lies to us no matter how entertaining or
convincing it is it's actually doing us
a disservice and so the neck the the
picture I want to talk about today is
avatar this this has got this is to me
the imagine of movies you know the song
imagine imagine there's no it's like
such a popular song such a big it's just
an awful awful song the music is lousy
the words are ridiculous avatar is the
same way people got so obsessed with
this this fake planet this fake world
and avatar that they would build
websites and kind of yearn to be in this
among the avatar people and all this
stuff and basically I mean it's a movie
that was an attack on the Bush
administration that was the bad guys or
these military guys come to the planet
to steal their resources as James
Cameron was arguing essentially we had
gone over to the Middle East to steal
their oil which was absurd the movie is
bad first the plot is completely
unoriginal its Dances with Wolves and
Pocahontas a a guy goes into a native
culture or civilized man goes into a
native culture falls in love with the
native culture and becomes one of them
and realizes he's got a fight against
his own evil civilized culture it's the
old noble savage routine which is just
absurd savages or Savage it's not a
happy life but the other thing that is
so dishonest about it is that it's about
the need for energy they go to this
planet to steal their energy and
everyone on this planet is living at
peace with nature they're at peace with
nature you know they have trees that
light up and they fly on dragons and the
women are treated with equality and the
women are warriors now you can have
things lip light up in the dark and you
can fly and you can have equality for
women but you need one thing one little
magic thing to make all that happen and
that's oil you need oil you need energy
to light the lights you need energy to
make the planes fly and you need
technology to bring women up to the you
know if everything is just about
upper-body strength without technology
men are going to be dominant if you want
to bring women up to equality you have
to have technology that makes people
more equal to make more able to compete
you need a world of the mind in a world
of the
is created by energy so avatar is just a
dishonest picture that was showing you
that you could have everything that oil
gives you without oil and I and it was
dishonest in the sense that it portrayed
America's military as being rapists of
the land everything about it was
dishonest it was also boring on top of
everything else it wasn't really a good
movie so that's stuff I dislike we go
only do one more of those we'll get back
to the stuff I like next week all right
onto Indiana or who's your daddy as we
say who's your nevermind and we'll be
back with the results tomorrow
I'm Andrew Clavin this is the Andrew
Clavin show thanks for listening
