bombs mailed to prominent Democratic
figures megyn kelly gets into hot water
for her comments on Halloween and
president from comes under fire for
saying he's a nationalist we'll get into
all of it i'm ben shapiro this is the
ben shapiro show
man things are getting quite ugly out
there and we're going to get into why
that is and what we can do to actually
stop this what why it is that we are not
only why we're polarized but what we can
do to sort of take the temperature down
a little bit because it seems like
that's something we need to do
especially in the run-up to this
election first let's talk about those
trips you've been taking to the post
office I know you run a business and
that means that you have to take all
your stuff to the post office and then
you have to mail it
that's time-consuming the post office is
a wonderful place with great services
but why do you want to spend that time
in the car or in line instead you should
just do it straight from your desk at
stamps calm with stamps calm you can get
all the amazing services in the post
office
directly from your desk 24/7 when it's
convenient for you buy imprints official
US postage for any letter any package
using your own computer and printer the
mail carrier picks it up you just click
print mail and you're done we use it
here at the Daily wire offices it saves
us time and it saves us money I use it
in my house as well you can use it there
too and one of the beautiful things
about this is again you don't have to
wait for the post office to open for you
to actually print out the postage print
it directly onto the envelope onto a
sticker directly onto the onto a piece
of paper and then tape it to the piece
of mail it's very easy to do and it's
gonna take you a lot less time and it'll
save you money too right now if you use
promo code Shapiro's you get a special
offer 55 bucks of free postage your
digital scale and a four week trial all
you have to do is go to stamps calm and
before you do anything else click on
that radio microphone at the top of the
homepage and type in promo code Shapiro
that's Stumpf that's stamps calm and for
promo code Shapiro go check it out right
now okay so the breaking news today is
this really really often lose that
explosive devices have now been found
addressed to Hillary Clinton and Barack
Obama this after yesterday there's a
story about an explosive device sent to
the home of George Soros the major
leftist donor all of this of course is
abysmal disgusting horrific whoever is
doing this should be arrested they
should be tried and they should go to
jail for the rest of their lives this is
this is just an awful awful thing and
what's amazing is that if you say that
publicly there's a group of people who
immediately suggest that it's a false
flag attack or that depending on the
target of these sorts of bombs that it's
okay
which suggests to me that there is a
collective a sort of collective mental
illness that's fallen across a small
butBut significant group of people who
believe that the other side is so evil
that everything up
to and including sending pipe bombs in
the mail to them is justified which is
just sick that means that we have a
sickness in our society that needs to be
eradicated a mental sickness in our
society that needs to be eradicated
here's the story from ABC News explosive
devices addressed to Hillary Clinton's
home when the house of former President
Barack Obama were intercepted the Time
Warner Center that his home to CNN in
New York City was evacuated after a
suspicious package that apparently looks
like a pipe bomb was sent there a
suspicious package was also received at
the New York City office of Governor
Andrew Cuomo sources told ABC News which
should narrow it down a little but it
sounds like this is probably somebody
from New York State if they're sending
it to Andrew Cuomo as opposed to say
Governor Jerry Brown in California
investigators are working to determine
whether the two devices addressed to
Clinton and Obama are connected to a
pipe bomb found earlier this week in the
home of mailbox of billionaire George
Soros near where the Clintons live in
Chappaqua New York the preliminary
believes that all three devices are of
similar pipe bomb style construction now
the immediate jump by folks on the left
was to suggest that this was a right
winger who hates left wingers and has
been inspired by President Trump as I
have said for years now I despise when
people blame individual acts of violence
or attempted violence on generalized
political rhetoric unless you are
actively calling for violence and
someone takes you up on that offer
you are not responsible for the violent
actions of people who take you to the
ultimate extreme in terms of violence so
for example when a Bernie Sanders
supporter went and shot up a
congressional baseball game and nearly
killed the House Majority Whip and the
media covered it for all of 15 minutes I
didn't blame Bernie Sanders because that
wasn't Bernie Sanders his fault when a
when a kind of fringe member of black
lives matter shot up police officers in
Dallas a couple of years ago right after
Barack Obama had made speeches
condemning police officers is broadly
racist I didn't say that that was Barack
Obama's fault it wasn't Barack Obama's
fault it was an act of evil on the part
of a person who was actually evil or
mentally ill or both and that had
nothing to do with Barack Obama's words
I think you can raise the temperature in
society and do serious damage to the
society because you have raised the
temperature of that society but I'm not
going to attribute individual acts of
violence and evil to individual
political viewpoints unless those
viewpoints are actively calling for
violence and to do anything less leads
to the sort of censorship that makes the
country
worst place in that way if you believe
that free speech is inherently connected
to violence you are more likely to crack
down on free speech in order to prevent
that violence and that seems to be more
of a broad danger than individuals in
the United States who do evil things so
with that said obviously this is really
really bad stuff and it goes to the
question of motives because what we are
seeing now what why is this breaking out
so much why are we seeing
Reisen sent to susan collins in maine
why are we seeing rock-strewn thrown
through the windows of Kevin McCarthy's
offices in California why are we seeing
bombs put in George Soros's mailbox it's
because they're a group of people who
have been fully convinced that the other
side and I don't just mean the other
side ideas I mean people who are on the
other side are actively members of evil
there are Hitlerian figures you know
that sort of rhetoric is is responsible
for heating up the temperature it's not
responsible for individual acts of
violence but it is responsible for an
increase in the temperature and the more
you increase the temperature the more
you can expect that there are going to
be people who are going to go to the
ultimate extreme of attempting to engage
in violence you've seen it on the Left
you've seen it some on the right and
it's really ugly no matter how you slice
it it seems to me that a lot of this is
springing from a basic failure of values
and the basic failure of values is
something that we call in Hebrew there's
a there's a Hebrew commandment that you
are supposed to consider everybody in
their best possible light the Hebrew
phrase for it is dawn Mikasa as a who's
which literally means that you're
supposed to think of everybody's merits
we don't do that anymore we tend to
instead think of everybody's demerits we
tend to think of the worst form of
everybody's arguments we tend to think
of the worst motives on the part of
people with whom we disagree we see
someone say something and the first
thing we think is not okay what's the
reasonable explanation for what they're
saying or what maybe were they thinking
instead we immediately jump to this
person is the worst person in the world
and their rhetoric is obviously intended
for the worst possible effect now I
can't say I've been innocent in this
because I don't think anybody in
politics is innocent in this but I do
think that we're going to have to start
trying to attribute to people perhaps a
less a less vicious motive than we have
been attributing to them so far because
people hate
they're not because of what they do but
because of what they think they are they
think the other person is thinking
that's where we are in American society
it's one thing to hate another person
because of something that they do
I think they so many murders your father
you're allowed to hate them but what
we've come to in society is actions that
can be interpreted in a couple of ways
and we have decided to interpret them in
the least flattering most nasty way
about somebody else so to take an
example there's a religious baker in
Colorado he says listen I don't want to
bake a cake cake for a same-sex wedding
because I believe that homosexuality is
sinful we immediately attribute that to
malice we immediately attribute that to
that's because the Baker is a mean man
who hates gay people never mind that the
Baker has been serving gay couples for
years in his establishment and he's just
saying I don't want to be roped or
hamstrung into violating my own
religious precepts no we have to
attribute to him hatred we have to
attribute to him viciousness and we see
this on the other side as well you know
there are folks on the left will say
things like well I want nationalized
health care and instead of us saying on
the right well maybe they want a
nationalized health care because they
don't understand the issue or because
they misunderstand how nationalized
health care works or because they have a
good faith argument about how we should
redistribute resources instead we go to
it's because they want control it's
because they want control once you start
explaining people's motives without
reference to their actual behavior
you're going to get yourself into hot
water politically and you're going to
divide the country on a more significant
and long-lasting level and yet this is
also here's the problem this is also the
stuff that wins you elections the stuff
that wins you elections in today's
society is castigating your opponent as
morally somehow deficient saying that
your opponent is not just wrong but evil
young Ronald Reagan was famous for
saying that it isn't that Democrats are
just our evil it's that they know so
much that isn't so in other words he
attributed to ignorance what he could
not attribute to malice and it's it's
just it's a rule that I've had on the
program try to attribute to stupidity
what you can't attribute to malice but
when it comes to political fights the
easiest thing to do is attribute malice
to the other side and you're saying this
manifest in a couple of different ways
let's take for example the way that the
left has decided to read president
Trump's comments about nationalism so
the presidents of the United States gave
a speech a couple of days ago in which
he was talking
about illegal immigration and President
Trump is no stranger to character
attacks he uses them on a fairly
frequent basis against his political
opponents whether they're former
opponents like Ted Cruz or whether they
are opponents in the Democratic Party
why because it's effective it's a lot
more effective to attack somebody's
character than to attack their ideas
because we tend to vote based on whether
we think somebody is a good person or
not
not based on whether we believe their
ideas are good see evaluating ideas
takes time and effort evaluating ideas
requires you to actually sit there and
determine whether you think that the
evidence is there to support a
particular idea but evaluating human
being you can do like that and science
tends to show that that's exactly how we
deal with other human beings in our
daily life and in politics more broadly
when you meet somebody you tend to make
a judgement about that person within the
first five seconds of meeting them
whether you think this is a good person
or a bad person a nice person or a mean
person a person who you think is going
to benefit your life or a person who's
gonna be a detriment to your life you
make that decision in seconds that's a
lot easier and a lot more instinctive
the human brain is built for that rather
than thinking through okay what are the
policies that this politician is
suggesting we as a society need to start
thinking about the policies a lot more
and stop attributing motives so much but
again it is easier and more electoral
lucrative to suggest evil motive on the
part of people that you face down
character attacks are deeply affective I
wrote an entire book about this in 2013
called bullies and the entire premise of
the book was that basically the left had
decided to leave idea arguments outside
the realm of the norm and instead have
decided to attack on a character basis
everybody on the right so boy this
example up here's President Trump a
couple of days ago saying that he's a
nationalist not a globalist now even
implicit in this comment by President
Trump is a character attack on the left
the character attack on the left is that
people in the United States who disagree
with him about immigration actually
don't care about the United States right
that sort of implicit in what President
Trump is saying but the real point that
he's making is that his priorities are
the protection of the American people
above all else and other priorities such
as for example kindness or human rights
those take second priority to protection
of the nation's borders maybe for human
rights reasons maybe for charitable
reasons but that's the way he thinks of
things we're going to see in a second
what President from said and also how
the Democrats responded because they
didn't respond by making a critique
president Trump's ideas or what he was
saying instead they basically suggested
the worst form of President Trump
President Trump wasn't spouting an idea
president Trump was only saying this
stuff because President Trump is a big
meanie a terrible terrible person again
it's not unique to one side of the aisle
it's just the most convenient example
today we'll get to a couple other
examples of it too in just a second
first let's talk about improving your
business you know what's not smart job
sites that overwhelm you with tons of
the wrong resumes you know it is smart
zip recruiter com slash Daily wire
unlike other job sides if cruder doesn't
wait for candidates to find you
zip recruiter finds them for you it's
powerful matching technology scans
thousands of resumes and identifies
people with the right skills education
and experience for your job and then
actively invites them to apply so you
get qualified candidates fast there's no
more sorting through the wrong resumes
no more waiting for the right candidates
to apply zip recruiters rated the number
one employment seeking site by employers
in the United States that comes from
hiring sites on trust pilot with over a
thousand reviews right now my listeners
can get a special deal you can try zip
recruiter for free ads if accrued comm
slash daily wire at zip recruiter comm
slash daily wear again zip recruiter
comm slash daily wire zip recruiter is
indeed the smartest way to hire if we
decide that employees at this company
say for example young employees who
don't know old songs and thus make
everyone feel incredibly old at this
company then let's say that we decide
you know what we've had enough of them
we decide to replace them zip recruiter
is what we will use zip recruiter comm
slash daily wear no that wasn't a
passage of a passive-aggressive
reference to Colton Haas or young
reporter who didn't know the song no
scrubs it wasn't that at all zip
recruiter comm slash daily wire to try
it for free zip recruiter is indeed the
smartest way to hire okay so here's
President Trump talking about
nationalism and then we'll look at the
Democratic response because this is
driving up the temperature again it's
not unique to one side I keep repeating
that because I think it's important I
think it's important especially in light
of the fact that somebody obviously
sending bombs to Democrats okay
Democrats have been engaged in mob
violence and now some crazy person or
evil person or both is sending bombs to
Democrats in the mail so obviously the
temperature has risen on both sides and
by the way there are studies that show
this there's a chart I talked about on
this program I think a couple of weeks
ago and when we were in when we were in
Memphis that showed the level of hatred
within each party for the other party
has been rising consistently for years
but it is skyrocketed among
publicans and in any case here's
president from talking about nationalism
then you're gonna see the sort of
failure of that Jewish principle I was
talking about down lacasa clues the the
idea of trying to think of people in
best possible light you're gonna see how
Democrats respond that violates that
precepts here as president Trump is a
person that wants the globe to do well
frankly not caring about our country so
much and you know what we can't have
that you know they have a learned it
sort of became old-fashioned it's called
a nationalist and I say really we're not
supposed to use that word you know what
I am I'm a nationalist okay okay so you
can hear the the sort of implicit
character attack president Trump is no
leveling and folks on the Left there but
he's not actually saying something
racist he's not saying something sexist
or bigoted here he's saying that some
people have a priority which is to
uplift places in the world that are not
the United States that's not my priority
now you can say that President Trump is
straw Manning his opposition I think
that's a fair critique you can say that
President Trump is maligning his
opposition in an unfair way fair but
that's not how Democrats reacted the way
Democrats reacted was by doubling down
in the maligning so they say that when
President Trump says nationalist what he
really means is that he is a racist so
here is Joe Biden remember Joe Biden
that guy who's at John McCain's funeral
calling for a new better politics Joe
Biden the guy who said that John McCain
and I we got along we were best friends
because we never questioned one
another's motives here is Joe Biden at a
rally last night suggesting that Donald
Trump is like George Wallace in actual
segregationist who by the way was a
Democrat and therefore is probably
closer to Joe Biden than to Donald Trump
in any case here is Joe Biden saying
that Trump is like George Wallace thanks
to the nationalism comments no president
has ever led by fear
not Lincoln not Rosa not Kennedy not
Reagan this presence more like George
Wallace than George Washington okay I
mean that is about as vile a statement
you can make about another human being
as is possible
this guy who says that he wants a new
kind of politics and then he maligns the
President of the United States as George
Wallace an active segregationist it's an
amazing statement but again not
unexpected from Joe Biden a man who
suggested that Mitt Romney Mitt Romney
the most milquetoast candidate in
American history wanted to put black
people back in Chains during the 2012
campaign these sort of character attacks
have been happening since long before
Trump and they continue unabated on the
part of people on both sides but the
left really has ramped it up there's no
question the left has ramped it up I
think the right has ramped it up in
reactionary response
here's more evidence of that so mazie
Hirono senator from Hawaii when
President Trump says that he's a
nationalist she says maybe it's because
he's a white supremacist or an
anti-semite we should stop giving him
the benefit of the doubt that he doesn't
understand what he means when he refers
to nationalists or any of these other
terms these are not just dog whistles
but it's bull horns it's racism it's
basically for many people it's a
anti-semitic it's white supremacy he
knows very well what he's talking about
even if he professes otherwise okay
mazie my antenna is pretty high up there
for anti-semitism when the president
says nationalism I'm not hearing Nazi
and when the president says nationalism
that that is not what he is saying he is
saying that he prioritizes the United
States is border security over the human
rights of people trying to make their
way across that border you may disagree
with that but there is no way that that
has anything to do with racism or
anti-semitism but this became the actual
talking point across the left yesterday
Jim Acosta of CNN and ladies find you
somebody who loves you like Jim Acosta
loves him some Jim Acosta here is Jim
Acosta saying well maybe when President
Trump says nationalist he means white
nationalist okay or maybe when Jim
Acosta says stuff I just think that he's
an idiot
here's Jim Acosta when you're demonizing
Middle Easterners and making the
suggestion that they're their terrorists
and so on in that Caravan without
offering any proof and then calling
yourself a nationalist in front of
thousands and thousands of people I
don't think it's a stretch for a lot of
Americans out there to wonder
they're not the president is secretly
considering himself a white nationalist
so much journalism so much objective
journalism they're from Jim Acosta I
don't think it's any wonder that people
ask whether the president is a Nazi when
he's saying when he says things like we
should protect our border and
nationalism
I mean flashback to Barack Obama 2005
saying exactly the same thing Barack
Obama actually said this right here's
Obama circa 2005 when he was just a
senator barely a glint in the nation's I
hear he was saying exactly the same
thing as Donald Trump you are a generous
and welcoming people here in the United
States but those who enter the country
illegally and those who employ them
disrespect the rule of law and they are
showing disregard for those who are
following the law we simply cannot allow
people to pour into the United States
undetected undocumented unchecked and
circumventing the line of people who are
waiting patiently diligently and
lawfully to become immigrants in this
country okay so you know again that I
guess that Barack Obama way back when
was a sort of white nationalist also you
know being half white I guess that he
was a white nationalist as well it
wasn't just Jim Acosta who at this point
basically everything that he says should
be prefaced with dear diary because he
says all of the quiet stuff out loud it
was also NBC News's Peter Alexander more
objective journalism from the mainstream
media on the issue of nationalism yeah
it definitely does mean undertones that
are not just racial the xenophobic this
is something that the president sort of
shied away from in the past obviously
nationalism was a phrase that Steve ban
and obviously embraced over the course
of the campaign and a lot of the
president's opponents tried to pin this
idea on him now listen I'm somebody who
said that I prefer patriotism to
nationalism I don't think that
nationalism alone is enough I think
there are ties that bind us it's highs
of history ties of culture but what
actually makes the United States the
United States is the root idea embedded
in the Declaration of Independence in
the Constitution and backed by 2,000
years of judeo-christian history or
rather 3,000 years of judeo-christian
history that's what makes the United
States the United States is the idea of
classical liberalism combined with
cultural conservatism right that's what
makes the United States unique that is a
unique ID
in world history so I'm not such a big
fan even of the president using
nationalistic language but to suggest
that that is white supremacy is just
idiocy but again this comes back to the
basic idea you want to raise the
temperature in a country you want to
raise the the the hackles of people on
the other side all you have to do is
just question motives day in and day out
and that's what we are now in the
business of doing and again I want to
work on this myself every time I give
some sort of you know values advice I
try to think about how often I violate
those values I would imagine I do it
fairly often I want to work on it myself
I think we all should work on it because
the truth is that in a country where we
agree on 90 percent of our values we
really do I think in the end agree on 90
percent of our values the only way you
can divide us is by castigating people
who disagree with you on the
manifestation of those values as evil
nasty bigoted horrible people by the way
this is how you got Trump on the left I
mean you want to he got Trump his head
get room by castigating folks in the
middle of the country as deplorable
bitter clingers for ten years and then
they said you know what screw you we
don't like you either
that's how you got this situation that's
pretty much American politics in a
nutshell I'm gonna show you another
example of that that came out of a weird
place yesterday megyn kelly got herself
into hot water over on NBC and I think
there are some illustrative lessons to
be learned there but first let's talk
about your second Amendment right so the
Second Amendment is obviously designed
in order to protect those key rights in
the Bill of Rights and like many of you
I am a gun owner depending on the state
you live in in the concealed carry laws
maybe you want to protect your family
when you go out maybe you don't live in
a crappy state like California and you
actually have the capacity to concealed
carry well that's why you're gonna need
a great holster to properly hold your
gun and your law-abiding citizen you
want to keep your fellow citizens safe
concealed carry is a wonderful thing G
code creates handcrafted holstered made
right here in the United States not just
run-of-the-mill prepackaged molded
holsters we're talking about holsters
that are made by military veterans
meticulous about quality innovation and
works Manship every holster g-code makes
his quality checked at four different
stages of the process
they are test fitted with an actual
firearm to ensure proper fit and
function not just made getting something
that was made in a foreign country off a
production line this stuff was made by
military vets ok the owners of g-code
are military veterans they're committed
to excellence in everything they do
and it's the only holster you're ever
gonna want whether you're military law
enforcement or a civilian g-code has a
holster just right for you every g-code
product is designed for real-world use
and no fluff no hype just great
performance learn more order online at
range five.com
that's range the number-5 at comm range
five calm and use promo code Ben for 15%
off go check it out right now
use promo code Ben for 15% off already
so there's a big controversy that broke
out yesterday over over megyn kelly now
full disclosure I'm friends with megan
kelly i think that megan kelly is a
really nice lady I've used to be a
regular guest on her FoxNews show when
she was on Fox News and I wish her
nothing but the best Megan got herself
in a hot water because she was on
yesterday and NBC News and they were
doing soft stuff and what was the soft
stuff they were doing it was it was the
NBC Morning Show well the soft stuff
that they were doing was they were
talking about Halloween costumes well
this always gets into dicey areas
because as soon as you start talking
about limits on Halloween costumes and
what should be allowed and what
shouldn't be allowed people get very
easily offended by Halloween costumes to
the point where people on the Left have
been suggesting in recent years that
white girls shouldn't be able to dress
up as Moana for Halloween and he talked
about it last Halloween it's just idiocy
it's just idiocy my daughter is gonna
dress up as any Disney princess she
chooses but Megan steps into some pretty
fraught territory here because she's
talking about the use of of dressing up
as black folks for Halloween whether you
can put on black makeup to dress up as a
black person for Halloween here's what
megan has to say and this goes to the
central contention I'm making today
which is that people are jumping to the
worst possible conclusion about people's
motives without actually analyzing what
the motives are so here is Megan talking
about Halloween costumes involving
putting on black makeup or darkening
your skin for a costume and the blowback
was just enormous you do get in trouble
if you are a white person who puts on
Halloween or a black person who puts on
white face for Halloween like back when
I was a kid that was okay as long as you
were dressing here there's like a
character okay so she got in all sorts
of trouble because she said when I was a
kid who is okay to dress up is like
Diana Ross has a big Diana Ross fan and
in my neighborhood if somebody darkened
their skin to look like Diana Ross
because if you just put on a fright wig
you know to look like Diana Ross people
still didn't know who you were
see dark in your skin or never so people
went nuts over this this is Megan Kelly
being ignorant and bigoted and racist
and so megyn kelly actually had to issue
an apology
here's what she said dear friends and
teammates one of the wonderful things
about my job is that I get the chance to
express and hear a lot of opinions today
is one of those days where listening
carefully to other points of view
including from friends and colleagues is
leading me to rethink my own views when
we had the roundtable discussion earlier
today about the controversy of making
your face look like a different race as
part of a Halloween costume I suggested
that this seemed okay if done as part of
this holiday where people have the
chance to make themselves look like
others the iconic Diana Ross came up as
an example to me I thought why would it
be controversial for someone dressing up
as Diana Ross to make herself look like
this amazing woman
as a way of honoring and respecting her
I realize now that such behavior is
indeed wrong and I am sorry the history
of blackface in our culture is abhorrent
the wounds too deep I've never been a PC
kind of person but I understand that we
do need to be more sensitive in this day
and age particularly on race and
ethnicity issues which far from being
healed have been exacerbated in our
politics over the past year this is a
time for more understanding love
sensitivity and honor and I want to be
part of that I look forward to
continuing that discussion I'm honored
to work with all of you every day Megan
so I think that her apology is perfectly
appropriate by the way but the outsized
reactions who original comments is
pretty astonishing so here was Kirsten
powers who supposedly is in favor of
people saying what they want freedom of
speech here's what she tweeted dear
white people who are upset that you
can't dress up as another race or
culture for Halloween your feelings
don't matter the only feelings that
matter are those who feel disrespected
or mocked by you appropriating their
culture for entertainment show some
common decency so basically the feelings
of people who are non-white matter more
than the people
the feelings of people who are white now
I think that there is some actual nuance
to this issue here is the nuance to this
issue blackface has a long terrible
history in the United States okay
people actually dressing up as black
folks in order to mock them was
something that happened on a frequent
basis all the way up til the 1950s and
1960s in the United States and you can
go back and you can watch old videos on
YouTube of people dressing up doing put
making their faces black and giving
themselves big lips in really really
racist fashion and then singing mammy
songs in order to mock black folks and
it's very much the same thing as in in
anti-semitic cultures for centuries
where people would put on a hook nose
and they
and they'd put on a fake belly and curly
sidelocks
and then they would suggest that they
were Jewish right I mean it's the same
sort of thing like dressing up as a
culture to mock that culture is
disgusting unacceptable actually racist
now is that what megyn kelly was
suggesting this is where we get into the
issue of assuming people's motives
here's my opinion on people darkening
their face for costumes like this i
agree that it's inappropriate
specifically because of the past and i
think that it is fair for people to look
at this sort of thing and be sensitive
about it but i think it would also be
worthwhile to recognize there is a
difference between being ignorant /
racially insensitive and being racist no
where was megyn kelly suggesting that
black people should be mocked no where
was megyn kelly suggesting that black
people are inferior in any way in fact
when megyn kelly was suggesting is that
maybe white people want to dress up as
some famous black people because they
admire those famous black people that is
not the same thing as people dressing up
in blackface now again that doesn't mean
that it's OK to go to a frat party
dressed as a black person with black
makeup on
wait that's insensitive and you should
take into account black people's
feelings about historic use of this sort
of costuming for mockery but I also
think there's a difference between even
a frat boy going to a party and a little
girl who decides that she wants to dress
up as Michelle Obama and so she puts on
dark makeup because I think that you can
pretty easily tell the difference in
motives the attempt to misattribute
motives in our society is really gross
megyn kelly is not a racist and megyn
kelly was not attempting to be racist by
that statement at best you know at worst
at worst megyn kelly was being ignorant
of the history of blackface and the
impact it still has on black folks in
the United States that's it worst okay
but there is no way that megyn kelly was
actually suggesting it's okay to mock
black people that is not what was
happening here and yet here is CNN's Don
Lemon suggesting that megyn kelly
actually is a racist because there's
never been a time when blackface was
acceptable first of all he doesn't know
where she lived he doesn't know what
kind of parties she went to like Don
Lemon doesn't know that so if his
suggestion is that megyn kelly was a
racist when she was seven years old
because she dressed up his diana ross
and blackened her face for it I would
suggest that Don Lemon doesn't really
know what he's talking about he may know
what he's talking about historically
with regard to blackface but again
there's a difference between darkening
your face for a cost
to praise an african-american person and
darkening your face to mock
african-american people and again I've
said several times in the segment I
still don't think that you should do it
to praise african-american people
specifically because there are too many
black folks we're gonna look at that and
say well maybe you're mocking you maybe
the real reason you're doing that is
because you're mocking me so out of
sensitivity you shouldn't do that but
the attempt to immediately attribute the
worst available motive to megyn kelly is
really telling and it says something
about the nastiness of our politics
right now Meghan is 47 years old she's
our age there has never been a time in
that in her 47 years that black face has
been acceptable there were all white
people on that panel there were no
african-americans no people of color
there to say hey Meghan not cool okay so
this is this is really really absurd you
know again it's the taking blackface
seriously is fine but misinterpreting
motives is not I would give you an
example you only you know huh you want
to hope we should deal with these issues
really how we should deal with these
issues the same way that Jamie Foxx
deals with these issues so Jamie Foxx
was you know is is obviously an
incredibly prominent black man in the
United States has made lots of money as
a musician and as an actor very talented
guy he's very close friends with Robert
Downey jr. a few years ago he did a
podcast with Joe Rogan and in the middle
of this podcast the question of Robert
Downey jr. actually putting on blackface
for the movie Tropic Thunder came up
Robert Downey jr. was nominated for a
Best Supporting Actor Oscar there is no
way by the way that even I think one was
Tropic Thunder maybe 10 years ago eight
years ago maybe eight years ago in any
case there's no way that movie gets made
even today because of the great
sensitivity around identity politics but
here is Jamie Foxx's perfectly decent
explanation of Robert Downey jr. and how
he feels about all of this people have
to understand where it comes from there
are real people out there that really
mean you harm like outside of us I mean
there's some real people who really
don't like you whatever you are whether
you're black you're white you're
straight you're gay whatever it is
there's some people who really don't
like with the entertainment and it's
easy we're easy targets okay so when
when Jamie Foxx suggests you have to
know where it's coming from there are
some people who are bad out there who
don't like you but Robert Downey
is not one of those people why don't we
start thinking of each other as people
who probably could be friends if we
would stop treating each other like
garbage hey Megan Kelly is not going to
a party dressed in blackface to mock
black people and it is kind of amazing
how certain people get away with this
sort of stuff because everybody assumes
the best motives on their part so for
example Tom Hanks in 2004 was at a
fundraiser and at that fundraiser there
was a comedian who got up as him as
Glenn Frey and he was actually making
jokes while wearing blackface right he's
actually darkened his face and he was
wearing a fright wig and Tom Hanks was
cool with that okay the controversy
lasted about five minutes because Tom
Hanks said listen that never should have
happened it was inappropriate I don't
know what was going on there I
understand people were offended and
everybody said right Tom Hanks isn't a
racist we know he didn't mean to mock
black people we know that he's not
interested in taking in in somehow
hurting black people and everybody got
on with their lives
but because we are interested right now
and what can we pin people to the wall
over that makes for the worst available
country the worst version of ourselves
and that has to stop whether we're
talking about megan kelly or whether
we're talking about President Trump or
whether we're talking about the the
attempt to nail people on the other side
of the aisle and inverse okay
I'm gonna talk a little bit more about
this plus I want to talk about the
latest on the caravan issue in just a
second and plus there's some breaking
news on the return address of the
suspicious packages which is kind of
weird okay we'll get to that in just a
second first let's talk about your
second Amendment rights again because
your second Amendment rights are crucial
and what that means that you need a
weapon that is going to function the way
it's supposed to function Bravo Company
manufacturing was started in a garage by
a marine vet more than two decades ago
to build a professional-grade product
that meets combat standards BCM believes
the same level of protection should be
available to every American regardless
of whether they're a private citizen or
a professional BCM is not a sporting
arms company well that makes sense to
the Second Amendment was not about
shooting for fun okay the design
engineered they manufactured life-saving
equipment they assume each rifle leaving
their shop will be used in a
life-or-death situation by a responsible
citizen a law enforcement officer or a
soldier overseas each components of a
BCM rifle is hand assembled and tested
by Americans so a life-saving standard
the ECM feels a moral responsibility as
Americans to provide tools that will not
fail the user when they're not just
looking down the sights at a paper
target but somebody coming to actually
hurt them to learn more about Bravo come
Manufacturing head on over to Bravo
Company MFG comm you can discover more
about their product special offers
upcoming news that's Bravo Company MFG
comm if you need more convincing go
check out more information about them at
youtube.com slash Bravo Company USA
again it's Bravo Company MFG comm
they're wonderful folks I mean the
people who founded it our actual
veterans and they're ensuring that you
stay safe it's pretty it's a pretty
great company go check it out Bravo
Company MFG comm okay I wanna give you
an update on this bomb situation in just
one second first you're gonna have to go
subscribe at daily wear comm for $9.99 a
month you can get the rest of this show
live the rest of Andrew Clavin show live
there are some michael moles is awful
show live you get all of those well all
those great things from one terrible
thing you get all of them for $9.99 a
month and when you spend $99 a year you
also get this the greatest at all
beverage vessels behold behold its glory
feast your eyes upon at the leftist
tears hot or cold tumbler making lives
better every day raising your level of
spirituality and virtue one sip at a
time that's what the leftist cheers hot
or cold tumbler does go check it out
right now also when you subscribe over
at youtube or itunes you get to see our
Sunday special because it arrives in
your feed every single Sunday and this
week's stars Scott Adams you know Scott
Adams he's the Dilbert guy but he also
happens to be the great Trump decoder
and we talked with him for a full hour
for the full hour so here's what it
sounds like hi I'm Scott Adams you can
see me on the bench pyroshow Sundays
special where I'll be talking about my
book win big Lee and persuasion and
president Trump and are we in a
simulation all guys is fun stuff it did
get pretty wild so you're gonna want to
listen to that one go check it out right
now
we are the largest fastest-growing
conservative podcast in the nation
okay so the the update with regard to
these bombs that there's a return
address that was put on the labels to
Debbie wasserman-schultz his office that
doesn't mean that Debbie
wasserman-schultz is actually sending
these bombs it means that somebody is
probably trolling by doing exactly that
okay so I want to talk a little bit
about a little bit more about you know
where we are as a society and how we how
we cure all of us again we need to start
with the premise that the people that we
are talking about generally do not have
harm in mind that their goal is not to
destroy us in any way if we figure that
then we can have normal elections yes
fraught heated elections but we're not
going to be trying to kill each other
because we can assume that most people
in the United States grew up in the same
bout with the same value system we did
and they did I mean the reality is that
we all grew up in the same milieu our
values are not all that different even
the most right-wing members of the
United States and the most left-wing
members of the United States
theoretically agree on certain basic
values like freedom of speech and
treating each other compassionately and
decently why because we all grew up in
the same society when you grew up in the
same society you share a certain level
of baseline values now I think that's
splitting I think that's one of the
problems of the country but one of the
ways that that split is exacerbated is
by simply assuming the political
disagreement reflects underlying
character differences
now speaking of political disagreement
and you know the polarization of our
politics that social fabric those common
values as I say are being split and
you're seeing it in in some of these
Democratic campaigns one of those
campaigns is from Stacy Adams she's the
Georgia gubernatorial candidate for the
Democrats and she was caught on tape
talking about free markets here's what
she had to say
to this problem because I've never seen
the free market right across Georgia I
mean never seen the free market so one
Foreman ACA Abrams began here or she's
saying the free market has never solved
any problems in medical field which is
obviously untrue
these aren't baseline root issues in
American politics so I think Stacey
Abrams is therefore lacking character no
I don't I think she's just wrong I think
she's wrong and she doesn't know enough
about economics and she's
misinterpreting the economics that she
does know but is she a bad person I
don't know Stacey Abrams probably not
even though you know there's tape of her
I believe now burning a flag back in
college so I guess we've now ripping
directly from scripts written by Aaron
Sorkin like we're actually just gonna do
the American president all over again
with Stacey Abrams I've noticed this
weird trend in the news that the last
couple of days like there was there's a
Luftwaffe plane that landed on the 101
North okay like not that far from where
we film this and all I can say is thank
God for the RAF because the Royal Air
Force really took care of business
making sure the Luftwaffe knit I mean so
the man in the high castle is coming
true that's exciting
and apparently Stacey Abrams is directly
from the American president and then
there was a story that I saw today about
a guy who looks exactly like David
Schwimmer robbing a liquor store and
robbing it of beer so Ross from friends
has been cut loose and President Trump
is the president Donald Trump is the
president of the United States so you
know Scott Scott Adams is a guy who says
we may be living in a simulation I'm
starting to maybe believe that we are
just living inside a weird weird weird
script but in any case the you know the
divisions that that are growing in the
country those need to be rectified but
they cannot be rectified in any serious
way unless we start unless we stop
attributing the worst available motives
to everybody and that holds true even
with regard to some of these stupidities
like the worship for beta or Roark which
is foolish but I don't think it's coming
from a place of people who are bad I
think it's just coming from a place and
people who fall in love with politicians
in the dumbest possible way okay now
speaking of attributing bad motives
let's talk about the latest on the
caravan so the illegal immigrant caravan
continues to move up through Mexico
they're about a thousand miles from the
border right now probably less there'd
apparently 10,000 people who are walking
toward the border
the folks who are in that caravan as I
have said I think many of them are
looking for a better life they're
looking to come into the United States
that doesn't mean that the United States
has to admit all of those people or any
of those people the United States gets
to pick and choose who we decide to
admit to the country and yet this is
Cass is a great moral issue if you
believe that America should secure its
border this means that you're racist and
nasty and bigoted and terrible and if
you believe that people should be
admitted to the country because they
need a better place to live then this is
because you don't care about America's
interests the truth is that people who
believe in free flow of immigration even
free flow of illegal immigration
generally they believe that that makes
the country better because on a moral
level we have to uphold certain
charitable instincts I disagree with
that assessment but that's where that's
coming from and for people to say we
have to secure our border that is also
coming from a good place it's coming
from the idea that any country that
wishes to preserve its strength so that
it can help other people has to have
limits on who gets to enter the country
so again there's a way to explain this
debate in which we examine everybody's
best motives it's it's hard to do that
in a polarized political environment
it's hard to do that in a polarized
political environment so President Trump
you know he he had said about this
illegal immigrant Caravan that there
were random Middle Easterners in the
middle of it and criminals in the middle
of it it turns out there may be
criminals I'd be shocked if there are
not criminals in the middle of it people
have been convicted of crimes and
deported who are now trying to come back
in there's no evidence of random Middle
Easterners and he was asked about it
here was his statement in response but
they could very well be hey there could
very well be is not a good answer to an
accusation that you made about people
who are trying to come into the United
States again that is a political tactic
by the president in order to get people
to talk about the incipient criminality
of the folks who are in that March but
it is one it's another way of polarizing
politics this is why I've said both
right and left are responsible for
what's happening right now in the
country I'm not gonna pretend that this
exists only on one side for my own
political purposes I just don't think
that's honest at the same time you see
the response to that which is Jorge
Ramos who says there are no middle
Easterns and Easterners in this Caravan
and Tuckers like um Tucker Carlson who's
interviewing him is like well there
are still criminals in that Caravan and
Jorge Ramos is right but they're no
Middle Easterners it's like well now
you're deliberately missing the point
in order to castigate the other side is
racist I spent two days with these
refugees and I have not seen a single
person from the Middle East that's a lie
and I think taka you have you have to
tell the truth to your audience and you
don't have you have to make sure that
people are not lying about this Caravan
because the people from the Middle East
are not part of this kind of stupidity
on one side Drive stupidity on the other
when the president says their Middle
Easterners without evidence or part of
the caravan and the let says well there
are no Middle Easterners that means the
caravans good this is not the central
argument in any way shape or form
obviously the central argument about the
caravan is whether the United States
ought to have borders that are protected
or what the United States is obligated
by morality and decency and
international law to let people freely
cross the border making that latter
cases Tom Perez who's the head of the
DNC and this gets down to the root of
the issue and this is where Americans
really should be deciding the issue not
on the basis of stupidities about Middle
Easterners in a caravan but on the basis
of what are the values we wish to uphold
as a country and how do we protect the
country best here's Tom Perez giving the
wrong answer to Jake Tapper on CNN we
are a nation of laws and the laws that
are on the books deal with issues of
refugee and Asylum status and those are
the laws that have always applied it's a
humanitarian issue of significance and
our laws require that people be treated
with dignity and given that process okay
well they are given that process they
can go to any checkpoint that they wish
to go to and they can apply for asylum
in the United States again the
implication by Tom Perez here a little
bit is that folks on the other side
don't want to treat people who are
trying to cross the border illegally
with dignity that is inherently untrue
so in essence the theme of today's show
and what should be the theme of our
politics is if we want to have serious
discussion of the folks on the other
side we have to cut out the idea that
they are inherently bad evil folks who
are manifesting that bad and that evil
in ways designed to destroy the country
if we actually believe that then we are
five minutes from civil war if we
actually believe that the other side is
Hitler then we are justified in trying
to kill Hitler so all this has to stop
all this has to stop and if we don't
stop it then things are gonna get a lot
worse before they get any better
time for some things I like and then
some things that I hate and then we'll
do a song a bit of an uplifting song so
things I like today I was listening to
some of my favorite music last night
I've recommended the music of Ray
Vaughan Williams before one of the great
British composers they he wrote probably
my favorite piece of music ever Fantasia
on the theme by Thomas Tallis which I've
recommended on the show before
he also wrote a Fantasia on Greensleeves
that is just fantastic he wrote a
beautiful piece for violin called the
Lark ascending it's it's a difficult
piece I mean I play it a little bit but
it's it's a difficult piece this is a
recording with Iona Browne on violin
with Neville Marriner and the Academy of
st. martin-in-the-fields
it's a beautiful piece and very
effective
and as a lifelong violinist Iona Brown
plays the hell out of the mileage it's
just terrific so go check out this
recording it's quite beautiful
it's it's AMA CD with all of the pieces
I just mentioned CD I know it's a thing
Colton Colton CD it used to have music
on it as like a disc and you put in a
machine and spun really fast and then it
would play music for you it was kind of
cool I kind of miss it although it used
to take up too much room in my house
okay time for a couple of things that I
hate some thing I hate number one goes
to the essence of the show today this is
a tweet from Bruce Bartlett who is a
member of the political left here's what
he tweeted key differences between
Donald Trump and Adolf Hitler Hitler
served honorably in the military Trump
didn't Hitler was faithful to his wife
Trump cheated on all his wives Hitler
wrote a book trumps were all
ghostwritten praising Hitler to own the
Khans that's an interesting angle an
interesting angle first off Adolf Hitler
also killed six million people in a
genocide and 11 million people total in
in mass murders leaving aside the number
of people who died overall in World War
two so there was that that was kind of a
key distinction also Hitler had a
mustache but I mean if we're just gonna
talk about like differences I wouldn't I
love this I love when he says Hitler was
faithful to his wife who's married to
Eva Braun for 24 hours before they
killed themselves so I mean this is just
all so basically ignorant of history
who's he literally married her and then
they committed suicide so there was that
also I love this Hitler wrote a book
that book was called Mayan Kampf it
wasn't a good book there are some
problems with that book Bruce Trump's
were all ghosts written you know who
else had his books ghosts written for
him John F Kennedy so if you're going to
do Hitler wrote a book trumps we're all
ghosts written man oh man yeah I'm gonna
go what this is kind of crazy hey other
things that I hate so the pod save
America Bros who as I've said before I
think that they do a good job at what
they do I think they're wrong about
virtually everything but they're very
talented at what they do and the folks
over a crooked media they were hosted on
Stephen Colbert again I think it's like
the fourth or the fifth time they've
been on Stephen Colbert's show for all
those folks who pretend that late-night
comedy is not politically influenced or
biased you're insane okay I will give
you a guess as to how many times this is
not about me but it is about me let me
and let me hazard a guess how many times
have I ever been invited on a late-night
comedy show ever the answer is zero I've
never ever been invited on any
late-night comedy show the only comedy
show I've ever been invited on was
Trevor Noah and I insisted that if I
were going to do an interview with
Trevor Noah it had to be live in front
of the audience I was not going to be
taped and then cut apart the way they
did to Jonah Goldberg when Jonah was on
Trevor Noah's show I was not gonna do
that so but the pod save America bros
are on with Stephen Colbert specifically
because Colbert is a far leftist and
what makes them newsworthy I'm not sure
other than I mean they've got a show on
HBO we had a show on Fox whatever here
here was Stephen Colbert with a pod save
America bros basically doing get out the
vote for Democrats all right it doesn't
matter what the early votes look like it
doesn't matter what the polls look like
we can lose everything we lost
everything two years ago we can lose
everything again oh my god okay and
quick correction I was on Bill Maher so
good for Bill Maher good for Bill Maher
that was the one that was the one
example of a show I was actually invited
on and that I went on because it was
live but Stephen Colbert is not on pay
cable Stephen Colbert is nightly so the
bias in the media is a very very real
thing okay time for a quick song so
after all of that negativity it's time
for a little bit of uplift so Psalm 10
we've been going through a psalm a week
more or less we've been missing some
weeks but one of the things that I love
about the Psalms and the reason that
they carry over time the reason that
they've been crucial to religious
people's understanding of God for
thousands of years is because the Psalms
don't sugarcoat things
they really don't you know for all the
people who believe that religious people
think that everything is hunky-dory that
we're living in this kind of fantasy
world where everything is great nothing
bad ever happens all you have to do is
read the anguish that is implicit in the
Psalms and you know that King David and
King Solomon and all the folks who are
writing the Psalms that the Psalms are
deeply in tune with human anguish and
need write psalm 10 is an example of
this starts why Lords you stand far off
why do you hide yourselves in times of
trouble it's a pretty harsh indictment
of God right where where are you when
things are rough and we all feel like
that religious people feel like that
that is the challenge of faith this
again I I hate this kind of Ned Flanders
approach by the secular left to religion
that everybody who's religious is
actually just everything's hunky-dory
everything's great
that's not how
people feel about things at all is why
it's so weird to folks who are religious
when non-religious people say to them
well you know how can there be a God
when the bad things happen in the world
it's like oh you're the first person who
thought of the question of theodicy
you're the first person in history who
thought of that question now that you
said the bad things happen to children
I guess you defeated me and this is
legitimately an argument made by people
who are secular all the time well you
know if God is good then why do bad
things happen I don't know we have
thousands of years of theology
discussing this exact issue and the
final answer is basically that you
aren't God that's basically the answer
and that's not always a comforting
answer but it is a true answer and it's
a reality-based answer the psalm 10 says
in his arrogance the wicked man hunts
down the weak who are caught in the
schemes he devises he boasts about the
cravings of his heart he blesses the
greedy and reveals the Lord in his pride
the wicked man does not seek Him in all
his thoughts there is no room for God
it's interesting how wicked folks are
characterized not just as people who do
other people harm you know hunting down
the weak but also they're characterized
as folks who don't spend any time
thinking about God and I think those two
things are related doesn't mean every
atheist person is bad not by a long shot
I think I know a lot of wonderful
atheist moral folks doesn't mean every
religious person is good a lot of
horrible horrible religious people but
it does mean that people who genuinely
are wicked including religious people
spend very little time thinking about
higher morality or what is demanded of
them by their God instead they're
spending a lot of time thinking about
what they want his ways are always
prosperous your laws are rejected by him
he sneers at all his enemies he says to
himself nothing will ever shake me he
swears no one will ever do me harm this
is the wicked man obviously you know
King David you know suffering from the
from a king David led a pretty rough
life right and there's a guy who was
being chased from place to place by King
Saul he was constantly in threat of
murder his kingdom broke down over
succession disputes between his own
children several of whom died in the
process of him maintaining his kingdom
when you when you talk to a religious
person if your second one
even if you're even if you're not
religious you should recognize that
religious people do think about the
serious problems of life on a daily
basis their answer may be different than
yours I think it's more inspiring answer
than the secular answer and I think it's
also a truer answer than the secular
answer the secular answer is basically
bleep happens the religious answer is
bleep happens but that's because God is
in charge and we don't understand God
and I think that's a fairer answer to
the question then simply random chance
okay we will be back here tomorrow with
all of the latest I'm Ben Shapiro this
is the Ben Shapiro show
the Ben Shapiro show is produced by
Sonia Villarreal executive producer
Jeremy boring senior producer Jonathan
hey our supervising producer is Mathis
Glover and our technical producer is
Austin Stevens edited by Alex and Garo
Audio is mixed by Mike Carmina hair and
makeup is by Jess wah of era the Ben
Shapiro show is a daily wire Ford
publishing production copyright Ford
publishing 2018
