how many now I am the god-king Jeremy
boring that's lowercase G lowercase K on
the off chance any actual gods or kings
are paying attention for the next hour
and a half you're going to witness what
is sure to be a train wreck here we are
as they a wire backstage you know the
drill we just sit around smoke cigars
drink whiskey try to look as pretentious
as possible and then fire Michael
Knowles right at the end roll graphic
you don't have to take I got real
friends all right we're gonna be taking
questions from our daily wire
subscribers if you are not a subscriber
what's the matter you go to daily wire
comm give us a measly $10 a month by
hitting the subscribe button and you can
ask us questions and we will make up she
answers I'm gonna introduce the
roundtable here we have of course daily
wire editor-in-chief Benjamin Shapiro
we have host at the Andrew Clavin show
Andrew Clavin host of the Michael Noel's
show Michael Knowles and a very special
guest who needs no introduction
we're very pleased to have our pal Glenn
Beck with this author of the brand new
book addicted to outrage which is gonna
be I think kind of central to what we're
talking about today mostly because he
paid through the nose for this marketing
I will tell you that stormy Daniels you
know has you know has described the
president's genitals in her book I do
have actual drawings of his supple
nipples it's an exclusive I'm in a while
to draw oh my god Jon wait wait wait
wait wait don't move don't move
maybe the et may be Mary
before we dive too deep I want to
introduce the lovely the talented the
lovely Alicia Krauss she's gonna be
taking your questions so be nice to her
Alicia are you with us
who killed Alicia great to have you
welcome to The Daily wire backstage
everyone and in case you are not a
subscriber like Jeremy mentioned I don't
know what's wrong with you and you're
like hey how do I do that
head over to daily wire comm and click
on the subscriber button because only
subscribers can ask questions it's a lot
like our monthly conversations so go
over to daily wear comm click subscribe
Cindy and I will be back here in the
bunker taking all those questions from
our subscribers and toss them to the
guys throughout the show tonight she
looks more like Lynne than usual that's
a crappy TV obviously the big story and
this is a Lucas Glenn you're new to the
to the conversation here with us it's
not really a new show it's a bunch of
guys really with the cigars and whiskey
but I do think that whereas we usually
sort of organize these around a specific
set of ideas or a specific cultural
event I think that the news of the day
actually is a pretty good place to tee
up for a good philosophical conversation
that of course is what's going on with
Brett Kavanaugh in the Senate
confirmation hearings and these
allegations coming up from 35 some years
ago and his password I mean maybe 35
maybe 36 maybe 37 years ago in his past
that depending on at what point we buy
into the story but let's sort of
overview the politics of it Michael if
you want to take us through that and
then we'll maybe dive deeper into the
things that are actually interesting
absolutely so I think everybody has
everyone who hasn't been watching the
Mario Kart story all day has heard all
of this which is that this woman
Blasi Ford who's a psychologist at a
university in California she is alleging
that 36 years ago she was at a party
with a bunch of drunk guys and Brett
Kavanaugh was there and he groped her II
tried to take her shirt off and Mark
judge who's another conservative was
also in the room the first time she'd
ever mentioned
was the first note you never mentioned
this was six years ago in a couples
therapy session so 30 years later so 30
years after the fact
in that version according to the
therapists notes there were four guys in
the room and she didn't mention Brett
Kavanaugh so now for the first time ever
at the eleventh hour after the hearings
after Kavanaugh could defend himself
this public accusation is made the
problem is it's not credible and I think
people are confusing these things
because I when I say it's not credible
I'm not saying that she's lying I don't
know if she's lying yeah maybe she said
it maybe it happened maybe it didn't
happen make it happen differently who
knows but at this hour to derail and a
good man's career a Supreme Court
nominee at the very second that they
would be voting would be ruinous to our
to our political system you're saying
it's not credible not that it isn't true
then yes I suppose it could be true
knows I mean it's worth it's
unverifiable there's no way in hell to
verify this you can't name the date you
can't name the time she can't name the
house you can America so you're kind of
stuck with some guys broke me and I say
it's this guy but there's no way to
corroborate any of this and the only
other witness to the event mark judge
says that it never happened Dianne
Feinstein came out today she says she
doesn't know if it's true the Democrats
refused to have any hearings on this
until they as they say the FBI needs to
investigate as though the FBI are like
the super secret police they do the real
Sherlock Holmes when you're really
serious to call the FBI the regular cops
you never call even though this is a
state crime presumably but the FBI will
use its magic DeLorean and go all the
way back in time and they'll sit outside
with pair of binoculars just like in
Back to the Future actually yeah and
then they will check to see what
happened and the thing that is the least
credible about this is not even the
story it's the way the Democrats treated
this Dianne Feinstein had this letter
July 30th she did nothing about it for
seven weeks and then she waited and then
she waited and then she wait shouldn't
tell Senate Democrats it shouldn't tell
anybody else in the Senate shouldn't
tell the FBI shouldn't tell the White
House she didn't ask any questions of
Cavanaugh in the hearings shouldn't ask
a written questions of Cavanaugh
shouldn't ask any questions of Cavanaugh
and any phone calls with Cavanaugh she
would until after all of this and then
she dumps a notice in public that
there's an allegation that's anonymous
and she won't say what it is and she
does all that so that way this lady's
forced into the public and then she can
say what wasn't me I didn't do it right
I just said there was an anonymous
allegation it was bad actors in the
media who forced her to come out
publicly
dianne feinstein is the
sort of cynic I mean it is it's as
disgusting ahead as when Harry Reid just
suggested that Mitt Romney didn't pay
his taxes no other sin he got a phone
call I got a phone call now it's out
there MIT's got an answer for it and it
worked they did but not only that he
said it worked he said that's why he did
it I don't care what he said after
afterwards after he said he didn't win
did he you know that's and that's the
solution if that's your answer
then anything goes and that's that to me
the worst thing about this is what it
says we are going to become as a society
and I hate to talk about that but that
really is where it is where we are going
to say that if a man lives his entire
adult life you're approachable so so I
want to have this conversation because
this gets down to the heart of what's
really interesting about all this not
the immediate politics but what does it
mean about us as a people but first to
quote a great man we have to make some
money honey that's right telling me I'm
just kidding it was Michael
yeah tell us about Robin Hood Robin Hood
is indeed the investing app that lets
you buy and sell stocks ETFs options and
kryptos all commission free they strive
to make Financial Services work for
everyone not just the wealthy so go
check them out over at Robin Hood coms
daily wired Robin Hood com what makes
them great is that the app works really
seamlessly it's really easy to use we
have one of the folks in our office
who's been trying it out and she says
that it really is quite user friendly
other brokerages charge up to ten bucks
per trade Robin Hood doesn't charge
commission fees they trade the stocks to
keep all of your profits it's a non
intimidating way for stock market
newcomers to invest for the first time
with true confidence easy to understand
charts market data that you can place a
trade in just for clack clicks on your
on your smartphone so it's really
fantastic learn how to invest as you
build your portfolio and they have all
these lists that they've curated for you
the top 100 stocks entertainment stocks
stocks by CEO it really is a user
friendly way to build your portfolio and
learn the trade so go check it out right
now if you go to daily wires out Robin
Hood comm Robin Hood is getting
listeners a free stock like Apple Ford
or Sprint's to help build your portfolio
again sign up a daily wire dot Robin
Hood calm that's daily wire dot Robin
Hood calm go check it out right now why
is it called Robin Hood I mean it sounds
like a lot of work I mean I just want
them to steal money from the rich and
give you know just that's what I do
you guys ever start paying me I would do
it myself I would use Rob would steal
from people yeah yeah it's true you're
not paying him are you no do you think
this bitterness comes from not paying
him no he's too stupid
so drew you bring up yes I think the
deeper point right which is what kind of
country do we want to live in you've got
an accusation that's 36 years old listen
as we've said not credible can't be
verified and we I happen to think that
it is gonna take Kavanaugh down I think
that though oh no I disagree with that
but no even even if it were true which
we are saying that a man can live his
entire adult life in an unimpeachable
way a way that everyone around him
respects and speaks highly of him but if
he got drunk once when he was a kid in
high school and maybe mauled a girl and
maybe did something he shouldn't have
done he's now disqualified from serving
the public I mean that means that
disqualifies almost every male this is
probably a lot of females as well this
is really abhorrent we're talking about
that we're talking about people
personalities and politics which one of
us want to live in a nation where you
can do something at sixteen seventeen
remember we have juvenile court and
sealed records because we believe in
forgiveness and moving forward in your
life what you did when you were a
teenager even murder
yeah isn't dragged up unless you start
murdering people again yeah okay those
records those records get sealed do you
want to live in a country left right
doesn't matter who you voted for that
says I'm one person I have no evidence
it's just my word
which one is either if you or me which
one has more political clout which ones
in the favorable the category of the
media backing right which one has the
media which one can tell a more
compelling story and your life will be
destroyed that's that's not that's
unamerican
that's that's inhuman it creates a
completely perverse incentive structure
let's say that your incentive is that
you actually want to punish people for
the bad things that they do well
normally what you would say is somebody
tries to rape you you go to the
police the police take care of it the
person goes to jail now the incentive
structure is such that you may be better
off not saying anything like I'm not
saying this is what happened here the
woman was like lying in wait or anything
but the incentive structure that's now
being created is if you really want to
destroy somebody's life the best way to
destroy somebody's life if they do
something bad to you when they're 17 is
to wait 30 years find out what they
become and then say this person did
something bad to me and you destroy
legitimately their entire life it's a
standards they're putting forward they
keep saying things well she's a credible
witness it's a credible strike an be
credible I've spent my life making up
fiction Tom Hanks is credible
exactly he's fought World War two you
know we should be careful about the idea
that were nobody on the set is saying
that she's lying it's quite possible
that she's misremembering it's quite
possible that memories get vague or over
time it's possible that she met this guy
once and she doesn't actually remember
who it is but somebody said hey isn't
that Brett Kavanaugh she looked up a
yearbook photo and shit oh that looks
like it's true right it's possible that
it's true all of these things are
possible the problem is it's our job as
a public to try and determine what we
know to be true and what we know to be
false or what we think is probably true
or probably files what you were saying
yesterday Glenn and there's no way to
determine probability based on this back
pattern there's just no way to do it so
the problems there's the foundational
and there's the urgent right we're
talking about this a little bit earlier
the problem is that politics has reached
a place in our country today where to
attain the urgent or to answer the
urgent we tear around we tear away at
the foundational and so an example of
this might be in the current instance we
have things like due process for a
reason because it protects justice for
all people over time but the Democrats
see an opportunity to seize on an
immediate political advantage for a
situation which they would rightly see
as urgent the next justice on the
Supreme Court is a major consideration
in urgent consideration but as far as
less important or foundational to the
country then do we have are we a nation
of law and they still an initiative
Laura nation of a new window this is why
you know when Dan and I were pretty much
alone for a while during the election
because we didn't think Donald Trump
would do the things many of the things
he has done right which are good we just
saw the downside when when you stand in
there is because look principles matter
in the long run
ends don't justify the means the I don't
want to live in Barack Obama or Donald
Trump or Ronald Reagan's America that
allows a person to be accused of
something and stoned in the middle of
the street right if we are so damn close
to an American version of Sharia law
where we're the woman or he's the woman
that has been raped yeah one woman will
condemn you even if you have two other
people testified doesn't matter her
testimony is worth more than the man
this is this is actually an interesting
point and that I was think about and I
heard some folks over a commentary
magazine talking about this too is this
run so counter to even basic notions of
any sort of action law include an
Islamic law like in in Judaism in Jewish
ancient law and Hammurabi's code you
need two witnesses to an event to
actually convict somebody right this is
true in the Bible it's from Hammurabi's
code I believe it's true in Islamic law
as well the idea that you actually have
to have witnesses to convict somebody or
at least how about some form of
corroborating evidence like anything
anything we don't even know where this
was shouldn't tell anybody at the time
like there are certain factors that we
can look at like in Roy Moore's case and
say okay there's a bevy of accusers
there's a bunch of corroborating
evidence as to where he was at a time so
we can at least say these other details
of these stories are true so it's more
likely this thing about the the urgent
versus the foundational though we can
get a little carried away with that
because there's almost the definition of
politics is balancing the urgent with
the foundational we're always doing that
the Civil War do they really have the
right to secede you know we always have
questions that are urgent I think are
all of our problems at some level is we
kind of have lost our faith that America
itself has faith in the foundations that
in other words we're dealing with
journalists who come out and say if it's
he says she says I believe the she you
think like well wait what about my
journalist you mean the you doubt howdy
dowdy and I mean I just I just think
that that's that is the thing we've got
generations coming up but don't know
what the Constitution is let alone what
it says we've got people on the air
every single day basically running down
the the foundations of the country and I
think and I think when you say the
urgent versus the foundational I can
deal with that as long as it's the
urgent versus the
right in the family you're concentrating
on the foundational I think the other
problem here is that we have completely
ratcheted up what exactly constitutes
the urgent we're living in the richest
yeah I mean we're the richest most
prosperous freest country in the history
of the world and I mean this is one's
book right I mean we're beating the
living crap out of each other on the
assumption that it's oh it's justified
to do that because this moment right now
is so deeply urgent and you can do this
from the Cavanaugh hearings before any
of this happened right you had Cory
Booker guy this is my Spartacus moment I
mean Kamala Harris trotting out lies
about Brett Kavanaugh and then having no
way to back it up as far as him talking
with members of trumps law firm this
idea that we are one moment away from
disaster one moment away from disaster
that perception actually brings about
disaster faster than just recognizing
where exactly we stands it turns
everything into an urgent moment where
all means are just finally we were
talking about this earlier I think it
was Jeremy you're actually is Drew
you're opposing me the hypothetical when
I was 15 years old they're a bunch of
guys in my high school who hit me with
belts like legitimately like tied me
down to a bed and hit me with bells and
and you said okay well now it's you know
19 years later and let's say one of
those guys was up for a federal court
hearing and even he was on the other
side he was a Democrat and he's spent
the rest of his life being a solid
citizen let's say he apologized to you
would you would you come forward with
that story and my only answer was was no
almost I thought the guy was
legitimately Hitler in which case I'd
also be justified in shooting it so so
the idea that you get to come forward
with any bad thing you know about a
person just because of politics and
that's the other part asking question
because I don't think I I think I agree
with you even if the guy is Hitler well
that's what they think Brett Kavanaugh
is no no if the guy is still the bully
that he was if the guy is in that
pattern not someone else I think because
that's right they think Kavanaugh is
Hitler the guy it's absolutely unjust to
go on their urgency of it aren't they
making two simultaneous or arguments on
the one hand the left is saying abolish
I sub reform criminal justice we need
there's a movement on the left to have
new separate post juvenile courts for 21
year olds because they are not mature
enough yet to be morally culpable so
they should have to vote at 16 that's
right but they should
at sixteen and if a guy you should go
into the army at eighteen right but not
come home and have the gun taken away
because there to our responses you can't
have the gun and then this guy at
seventeen is accused of trying to take a
girl's shirt off and it Mars the rest of
his life if that seems to me a real
bizarre counterproductive prioritization
of the urgent over the arguments they're
making I'm a little bit more torn on
this than you guys I'd like to get your
opinion on it
you know the Dennis Prager wrote a
column today a national review
specifically about this topic and he
basically says even if all of her
allegations are true I still don't want
to penalize him well let's say for a
second that all the allegations were
true that she and it happened
objectively exactly as she said the
relation is what yeah right so the
allegation in her letter is that that he
and Mark judge who was coming upstairs
and it was at a pool party they were all
drunk and that he and his friend pushed
her into a room shut the door turned the
music up really loud he jumped on top of
her tried to remove her clothes and then
when she tried to scream stifled her
screams with his hands before judge
jumped on his back or something and then
she escaped the room that's the actual
allegation stop now you're an attorney
so you would you would know in Maryland
there is no felony there's a felony
assault and then there is misdemeanor
sexual assault which one is that
I'm not Maryland attorney so I don't
know India that'd probably be a
misdemeanor sexual Asoka misdemeanor has
one year one year you have to report it
in statute of limitations yeah so you
have satchi limitation one year if it's
felony it keeps going if this if what if
you're describing that is the act it's
one year but but your question more
specifically is if we have video and we
knew it was trite should it just qualify
him from being incorrect on the bench
and I would say no yeah and this is a
fundamental question of the week can we
live in a graceless society can we live
in a society where men are responsible
for the misdemeanor crimes of boys if he
had raped her I agree that there those
would be sealed records I agree that
that would be that the statute of
limitations doesn't apply for an actual
rape I would still as a individual look
at someone and say man if 35 years ago
you did even the worst thing I have a
certain kind of grace for you but you
did disqualify yourself from ever
serving on the Supreme Court yes right
we would all
yep yes can't be on the Supreme Court if
what the guy did is as she describes it
the problem with what she describes is I
suspect she's drunk he's drunk and we
have to assume certain motives to him
it's very possible that what happened is
something along the lines of what she
what she suggests but they thought they
were roughhousing we don't know what
happened right before this or right
after we don't know what kind of
relationship they had leading up to this
moment from the charges at hand it's
very possible that they were doing
something for which if I were her older
brother I might have gotten in a
fistfight with one of these guys but it
can't be the case that you can you can't
build a society that says if a guy
fumbles around with a girl for a minute
does things that probably deserve him
getting punched in the mouth doesn't do
things that cross into being felonious
does it do things that cross into rape
which which is at best exception that
she has in her mind not something that
we can say is evidence just by their
actions in that world I think no one
currently serving in the United States
Congress worse in it would have their
job no man if this goes going back to
what Noah said about the contradictions
in their values we're not the ones who
for the last 20 years have been selling
women the idea that promiscuity is
empowering we're not the one who said
that sexuality is just that putting a
stick and putting a cartoon in a hole
but you know it is this thing that they
set up where women were supposed to be
the same as men sexually and how
suddenly you know even the other day
they put out that video of Harvey
Weinstein well I think we all would
agree is a true piece of garbage right
saying to this girl in a business
meeting you know do you mind if I flirt
with you he puts his hand no horrible on
her it's so horrible and yet at the same
time it's horrible because we're
gentlemen it's not if she's a feminist
she's responsible for herself if we
believe what ethics he and she says yeah
and she says that's a little high but
you bloody again in that particular case
watching that video I empathize with her
too
because it's Harvey Weinstein but you
walk out you're thinking to myself I've
got to do this deal my company wants me
to do this deal
let me just plow through this you know
until you put up with some stuff and I
feel bad for she shouldn't have to you
know I'm gonna back on you guys just a
little bit here because I think that you
know the original kind of way that I set
up the question is God's eye view what
she's saying is exactly true so her
description of motive is correct
everything is right if that's the case
then you're saying at a certain point
you what god only knows what God knows
that attempted to rape her but I think
that what that what the left wants to do
is basically say that even that the
right would would be okay what the left
wants from this conversation and this is
why they picked this case is they want
the right to say that no matter what she
claims the right would be okay with it
right and that and then of course it's
not true but I guess the the question
that I'm asking is let's say that
everything were just as she said that it
was we're not going to try and recast it
into the the fog of memory or the
perception of he-said she-said
it just happened exactly like she said
it did in description mode it was
correct I'm not sure I could let that
guy sit on the Supreme Court without an
active actual repentance really because
it's because it's rape or if it's murder
presumably if the person never made
restitution for it you would not be okay
what I admire about the Democrats they
are slimy but they have actually
maneuvered Kavanagh into a position
where there is something at stake he has
denied it he said I think he is didn't
go to the party in this case if he's
lying now he's done that's disqualifying
and and you know Susan Collins said that
she was absolutely right so good on the
Democrats they stink they have no morals
they're hypocrites they're slimy as can
possibly be but it worked it actually
put him in a position something that
would be just well liked it seems to me
that if these if he went to her and
apologized at any point or demonstrated
that he some sort of remorse like that
it's a real question about actually the
question about restitution and remorse
actually to get more general question
than just the nice thing about this
because of where you keep all right I'm
about to go atone
an hour-and-a-half here yeah I said I
think you're I think you're right
that he might want to atone for that he
might want to but also you know I'm an
alcoholic
one of the things you have to do is you
have to go to apologize to everybody
unless it brings up more pain and
destroys things right okay
so maybe he's toned for this etc etc but
by admitting this at the time going to
her might have caused more pain for his
wife might have brought up bad things
for her I don't know what the situation
but but you could say as long as he has
lived his life as a man who obviously
learned if he did this don't ever do
that again
are you living a good decent solid life
if the guy's kind of a scumbag the guy
kind of plays it loose and you know so
which crimes fall into the area of the I
mean I know we're getting sort of deep
philosophical water which crimes fall
into the category of the unforgiveable
even if there is remorse that's a I do
before we get to this I do want to point
out that we are now we are placing a
hypothetical on top of an unfalsifiable
yes that he denies yes so when we ask
what political agree on the situation I
just wanted to be clear that he didn't
apologize for a thing he says he didn't
do it I put it back to you because one
of the things that that youth is for is
learning to be an adult and you don't
learn to be an adult by reading a book
about it you've learned through failure
you learn through I mean I suspect that
if we're to look back at any of our
early lives with with much this issues
let's just use the because this is a
real thing and involves you the two guys
that beat him with belts tied you to a
bed and beat you with belts I don't know
what school you're going to but what you
know happens normally that's freaky
that's the weirdest
scariest story I've heard so so let's
just use that one because that's real
all right go ahead so it yeah if that's
it right so if that's me you just said I
wouldn't I wouldn't want to run their
their life over that correct would you
feel that they were qualified have any
of you have either of them come to
apologize
yes both or one one okay the other one
it do you know him yeah I've seen him
around yet okay
is he a decent man okay so that's the
deal if he was qualified to be on the
Supreme Court but you were like yeah no
I would say something because he hasn't
learned yeah but if he was a decent
honorable man and he was qualified I'll
be honest I treat my my own you know in
my own situation differently than I
would treat the mistreatment of a girl I
just don't I mean a common Texas but it
but the guys hitting me with belts I
don't think is the same thing as if
somebody tried to take my sister to a
bed shove her on a bed jump on top or
rip off her clothes and put her hand
over her mouth
well it's very chivalrous and sexist in
today's room I agree with you but nobody
five years later I'd hold one hell of a
grudge right I like I really I do think
that that's what there are gradations of
crimes and and I'm guessing and trying
to figure out kind of where you draw the
line cuz we we all agree that on rape
and murder obviously it doesn't matter
what the person did for the next 20
years that could be they could be mother
Teresa our legal system basically
reflects what heretofore has been our
values which is you say you say rape and
murder so that's obvious but it's
obvious because yes it's a society we
have said there aren't statutes of
limitations we have said we have said if
you're 17 or 16 and you murdered that's
sealed yeah that's sealed so our society
has said if you're 16 so if somebody
raped or murdered or raped and murdered
somebody paid their debt that record was
sealed should those records be unsealed
for a Supreme Court justice forty years
later well paid their debt is really the
question right and this is what I'm
getting back to in terms of repentance
and atonement and again I'm in that
mindset but it but you know it the the
the prison sentence is partially to
atone for the crime so let's it the
person wasn't caught lets his Teddy
Kennedy and he was 17 instead of being
35 senator and he was 17 he drove a
woman in off a bridge and then he spent
the next 30 years being a nice guy like
would I say that that guy should be able
to sit on the Supreme Court or sit in
the Senate I'd say no yeah I'd say no
but if but if the guy had done the time
learn from his mistake then that does
check its home it does change the
equation but I'm not sure I guess what
it comes down to is I'm not sure the
better behavior in the aftermath of a
sin is the complete scope of atonement
if there's actually a solution
you can't you can't you can yes
but not until we do we are ten minutes
late and minutes late talking about Stan
you have to wreck everything yes I just
asked for a little juice box fruit
apples is indeed our sponsor and stamps
calm you love all the services the post
office provides but you don't actually
want to get in the car and go down to
the post office and wait in line well
you can now get all the great services
of the post office from your desk
because you can print the postage
directly on your mail you have a scale
they'll weigh it exactly for you and
then you just print it directly onto the
envelope onto a sticker onto a piece of
paper you tape it to the actual mail and
you're good to go you put in the
outgoing mail you just saved yourself in
enormous amounts of time you click you
print you mail and you're done and it's
all available obviously it's online 24
hours a day seven days a week
stamps calm and we even send you that
digital scale so you can weigh those
letters and packages make sure that you
have exact postage we use stamps calm
here at the Daily wire offices it saves
us enormous amounts of time and it
doesn't save us money because it cost
money to spend time going to the post
office go check it out right now and use
promo code Shapiro for this special
offer stamps calm promo code Shapiro
four-week trial including postage and a
digital scale which pretty solid deal go
to stamps calm before you do anything
else there's a radio microphone at the
top of the page click click it type in
Shapiro stamps calm and you enter that
promo code Shapiro again you get a four
week trial which includes postage and
the digital scale pretty awesome deal
just for saving money anyway so go to
stamps calm and use that promo code
Shapiro save yourself some time and save
yourself some money get all the great
services of the post office from your
desk and also if you like our daily
wired podcast content
I mean stamps comm is one of our
absolute best other terrific sponsors so
if you if you enjoy that if you enjoy
the content that we bring you make sure
that you help out our sponsoring one I
just like watching the envelope going to
my printer and come out with a stamp Wow
and I got to tell you some one time I
tried to send a letter without putting a
stamp on doesn't do a damn thing
drew also likes color television
I cut you off I want to say what you
wanted to say then we got to check in
with you Lisa okay I you you bring up
Teddy Kennedy and Glen has written this
book addicted Toleration part of the our
addiction to outrages that were causing
this kind of Greek tragedy cycle of
revenge for years and years we have been
watching the left
you know the Lion of the Senate true
vote Rove a woman into the drink left
her there while he changed his clothes
and set up his alibi Bill Clinton we
heard told that what a puritans we were
ken starr he was he was the Witchfinder
general and now suddenly this this kind
of ephemeral charged about something
that happened 36 years ago it's supposed
to derail a man's entire career and it
does make you think I'm sorry but it
does somewhere inside me I just think
you know what
take your Bill Clinton and take your
Teddy Kennedy and take your John F
Kennedy and get stuff bouncing because
why should we how can we play by the
Marquis of Queensbury rules they are
coming at us with an axe right I agree
with the general sentiment but I think
that it's an argument that proves too
much as they would say in law school
right because that puts Roy Moore in the
Senate really I mean really has nothing
to do almost with Cavanaugh because as I
would like to reiterate when it comes to
Cavanaugh we all agree the evidence just
isn't there for any of this and this
looks like a scurrilous last-minute
attack on baseless grounds right at
least unverifiable grounds look so many
like this girl that's Alicia are you
with us or did you go home checking in
with our daily wire subscribers and
hearing from them I know and I mean guys
if you're wondering how do I get delecia
to read my question then you need to
become that subscriber so headed over to
Daly where calm the subscriber button
over there and if you are currently a
subscriber we do thank you and we thank
you for your great support and we hope
that you enjoy that leftist here's
tumblr because we all know it's much
better than a bug no no no to be fair to
be fair the louder with Crowder acrylic
bug which can be yours for $10 a month I
think is a superior repository or ash
there's no I like to find my ashtrays at
garage sales preferably from the mid
century but okay so we are
rolling through those subscriber
questions so thank you to all of our
subscribers that have submitted some
first we have a question for Glen
Anthony talks about how mr. Beck's new
book is about how division in our
country can lead to the downfall of
everything that we have accomplished as
a college student Anthony wants to know
what is something that he can do to
bridge the divide
hmm I think we need to separate
ourselves from the political world in
the first place
take off the team Jersey I am you know
everybody's sitting here on this
Kavanagh thing if the accusation was
rape and they had evidence yeah every
single one of us would be saying have it
I gotta go yep let's do it
we do not have a team jersey and have
your principles we have to start taking
the team jerseys off and then looking at
the bigger principles you know should
Alex Jones be taken off no he shouldn't
be we should be deployed forming people
because we believe in freedom of speech
should you be chased off of campuses no
we believe in freedom of speech and
what's more do you want to pay an
exorbitant amount of money to go and
have somebody feed you a bunch of
nonsense or would you rather have an at
university experience take you and throw
you up against the wall and offend you
in a hundred different ways to get you
to think yeah that's what we want so we
just have to start stop stop defending
and slinging mud and talking about the
little things start talking about the
bigger things because I really think the
flood gates are opening I don't know
what's gonna happen with this election
but I I have this feeling and I don't
know if you guys have it either but I've
talked to enough people around the
country and I've talked to I had dinner
last night with a guy who would blow
your freaking mind that we were even on
the same block he sat in my house last
night and said I can't even talk to my
own party anymore okay this
who's currently in the mix I can't even
talk to my own party I don't know how to
bridge this anymore and I want to talk
to you because maybe maybe you can help
me and I'm like are you kidding me I you
know gerak calm down but the point is he
went off for 10 minutes you know not on
a comedic diatribe but sincerely saying
the line is moving everyday and the line
is moving and it's moving in a scary
direction Michael wreckin weld who we
were talking about earlier today he's a
guy from NYU he was he described himself
I love this as a libertarian communist
okay I asked him he's a libertarian
communist he said kind of a theoretical
kind of thing you know if we ever get
power we would do it right he's he has
now he's he's out at NYU his story is
absolutely incredible
he is now saying look I took this as hey
we want to make a better world
he said I'm watching my friends and I'm
watching the universities he said they
will end up killing people and he said
we're on the road that communism goes
all the time there are people in the
country that have had enough of it
but if we somebody said to me last week
I I was on some show and I said
something positive about President Trump
and I said it was on the the guy who was
you know taking papers off the
president's desk and I said I said you
know we elected a president I got
hammered online because I said we
elected a president well Glenn who the
hell do you think you we elected him not
you
excuse me when the president is elected
we elected Barack Obama he's supposed to
be our president but the point on this
was here's a guy who was
against this president in the election
who now comes on honestly says look I
still don't like this this this but I
gotta hand it to him on this this and
this and I'll defend him on that and the
core comes back and says we don't want
you that's insane
we have to come at principles and
welcome people welcome we don't have to
agree on everything no but you know I
think I hate to say this because
everybody blames the media I blame the
media I think when you have a mainstream
media that is really a monopoly of the
left this is a wholly owned subsidiary
of the left and for 30-40 years it has
been basically telling the middle of
this country you stink your culture
stinks your religion stinks your
politics stink and then they suddenly
said why somebody so angry why you know
what do you mean we're enemies of the
people but they are they're they're not
they're not enemies of the people
they're enemies of the Republicans
enemies of truth and there are certainly
enemies of truth I mean they have bathed
themselves and disgraced for the last
year year at least and I think I think
when you have that situation how do we
reach out beyond them and talk to one
another so because the people the people
that were hearing from hears are all on
one side and all hysterical here's the
good news
please did anybody notice did anybody
notice that the shares of Tesla dropped
because the Chairman or the president
was on an Internet show mm-hm
okay Joe Rogan when he had Elon Musk on
you that was to me the official turn
because the media doesn't know the media
doesn't know about you guys the media
doesn't know or care about my audience
on theblaze they don't care about see
our TV they don't care about any of it
every so often they kind of pipe in to
say that they they're gonna look at the
curiosity at the zoo right forever like
one story and that's great keep looking
at us as zoo animals because we've
passed them yeah I mean I'm introducing
this book for the very first time I'm
doing no mainstream media right none
that is good news that actually it is
yes is because it really is it really
has been like the American Revolution
we've been
at them from behind the trees they've
been an empire and it's not it's all
young people who are watching the
internet right so it's a different
generation right Bob ar-15 up don't even
understand this concept they're not
watching this right now
I keep I keep saying to my audience stop
giving the media power then Simon &
Schuster says ok you want to go on the
view you want to go no I'm not going to
give them power can you book me out of
myself on the view and then I was when
I'm praying on Yom Kippur in this
upcoming year please God let me be on
the view yeah Alisha I'm still here
still got some great questions Spencer
wants to know if the apocalypse were to
happen today which book would each of
you try to preserve addicted to outrage
I'd bet money that we all come up with
the same book at least the first half of
the same book the apocalypse happens and
we're grabbing a book when I'm a Jew we
do this every couple of years is
literally the outline of my peoples
history that is the Krause house is the
place to go in the case of a zombie
apocalypse right I'm just saying I'm
gonna have my chicken coop and the only
reason I have a rooster is so I can keep
eating chickens and not just the eggs I
got I am out I am now gonna make my
second shameless plug of this question
that I mean one question - shameless
plugs it's a 90-minute show I listen to
the lady brains podcast recently over at
ricochet calm and I heard Alisha have a
very compelling argument about the
raising of chickens and quail and it was
fine it was edifying I was one of then
came the part where Alicia said my big
problem today as one who raises urban
chickens is the hipsters
who have ruined urban chicken coop and I
thought physician you see the article in
in Silicon Valley people are now paying
up to fifteen thousand dollars for a
chicken coop come on really and here's
the best and if anyone is looking for a
job just hear me now
they are paying three hundred and fifty
dollars an hour so yeah
for chicken counselors with some people
to come people to come and say you don't
understand your chicken you know your
chicken is feeling this way we got time
for one more question I think we do I
think we have a question now from Evan
if we get it up here on the teleprompter
real quick and then he wants to know oh
wants to know about some of the movies
because I think all of you guys really
like movies Michael of course is a big
fan of The Late movie past
r.i.p he says do you view Michael
Corleone as a villain and also wants to
say thank you for all that everyone does
there except Knowles so new favorite
super super fair first I would like to
say when we're talking about Michael
Corleone that was my father K that's it
is I have a movie story that's kind of
funny which is that when I was when I
was like 21 or 22 I stood in line for 12
hours to shake hands with Bill Clinton
the former president the United States
and he'd been my president you know and
I was coming of age and he had this book
out and I lived in LA and I was poor I
had nothing to do and one of my pal said
if we standing out in line for 12 hours
to meet Bill Clinton and he signs our
book that crap goes like $500 on eBay
and so we stood in the line to get our
book sign I still have mine by the way
I think very long ago if you were
talking about eBay
so it's me and my pal who will remain
nameless because he actually has a
career probably doesn't to be associated
with this we stand in line and we're
thinking what are we gonna say to the
president when we meet him and I wanted
to make a joke about how long his book
was and I wanted to compare it to that
book that we would all save in the
apocalypse and so I was going to say you
know the good book isn't much longer mr.
president you know but when I got up
there and I looked into this piercing
Bill Clinton eyes you know and I was
shaking hands with Bill Clinton I said
this goods good lord books not much
longer mr. president actually looked at
me like we were gonna have a fist fight
he was like I don't know what you just
said my pal comes up behind me and tries
to salvage the moment his question was
going to be I understand you are a movie
buff mr. president what is your favorite
movie and what comes out of his mouth
when he glances at the president is Bush
favorite movie movie buff which Secret
Service puts a hand on his shoulder
budget it was and Bill Clinton calls out
after us as we're being escorted from
the premises it says High Noon I'll tell
you why in the book approaching with a
cigar great film whether you're left or
right yes it is a great one I think
there is there's a right wing critique
of High Noon and the right wing critique
is it comes from the folks over at the
Claremont Institute who actually
contrast High Noon with the man who shot
Liberty valance and then the great the
the sort of critique goes that the
problem with High Noon is that it
basically suggests there is no such
thing as civic virtue then nobody in the
city is willing to help the sheriff that
the only person who's willing to do
anything is the one guy and the one guy
is what saves the civilization and they
object to that they basically say that
you actually need as in men shot Liberty
valance the entire town basically coming
together at a certain point in order to
save civilizations don't understand
culture it doesn't matter what the film
says it's a great story well I don't
know politics great but I don't know if
I agree with that I mean look at you
know Winston Churchill look at Churchill
to look at Bonhoeffer yeah you know
Bonhoeffer is there's such a remarkable
man
standing up all by himself you know
didn't win didn't win and most people
are afraid most people you know the
whole town it takes a special type look
at Poland lots of people stood up I
talked to the chief rabbi of Poland and
he said you know there are more
Righteous among the Nations in Poland
than any other country yeah you know I
don't remember the number was 7000
Christians or some like that stood up
and I said what was the population of
all you know 7,000 is pretty small he's
and he looked at me I was it was such a
bizarre experience because I'm thinking
that's little and here's the chief rabbi
and he says you've realized what it took
for those people Andy he's right yeah
it's not as much fun when it's not
happening in fantasy and you look it up
in real life people now how many people
are really willing to stand up to their
own tribe are willing to stand up in
their own office are willing to stand up
in Google and say excuse me but we're
not deplorable I am a conservative and
I'm not ashamed of it and stop treating
me this way my severance package willing
to do something that simple so when
things get hard it is true that we all
we all like to think of ourselves the
person who would stand up and do
something
but the truth is virtually no one would
stand up and do something that's I mean
we play this little game in the Jewish
community pretty often which is who's
the good Gentile right like make
announcements come whose house do you go
to basically and you know I tell you
this is because you don't you can't
predict how you're gonna act in those
situations right especially if you
haven't courage as a muscle and if you
haven't done all the work along the way
I mean I took my family to Auschwitz and
my kids are just so screwed up their
years of therapy for though I took him
to Auschwitz and I said this is 78 years
ago I said I want you to decide who you
are today I made each of them pick a
Righteous among the nation they had to
read a book about that person and
look into it and really think about it
and then make the decision because if
you're not living your life that way
when it's easy you'll never make it when
it comes time to actually hide some
interestingly when they study the people
who actually did save people they had
all had an experience before where they
had failed to do it they almost all had
an experience of one experience or
conversation yeah
Alicia thank you for the questions if
you'd like to get in another question
and you're watching this right now is a
daily wire subscriber send it in if
you're not a daily wire subscriber we
want your money
wire.com slash subscribe give us a
measly $10 a month you will get the
beautiful leftist tears hot or cold
daily wire tumblr you will get the Ben
Shapiro show the Andrew Clavin show the
Michael Nolt oh and you will get to ask
us a question before the end of today's
broadcast may be happy we're not doing
very well keeping a clock we're gonna do
our best in the meantime Benjamin well
let's talk about your second amendment
rights okay as somebody who we just went
through the great horrors of history
having a gun is one of the things that
prevents this sort of stuff from
happening an armed population prevents
this sort of stuff from happening you
know it's not just people like me who
believe this it's also the folks over at
Bravo company manufacturing it was
started in a garage by a Marine veteran
more than two decades ago to build a
professional-grade product that meets
combat standards because BCM believes
the same level of protection should be
provided to every American regardless
whether they're a private citizen or a
professional BCM is not a sporting arms
company the design engineer and
manufacture life-saving equipment which
is the stuff I care about I'm not a
hunter I'm not I'm not something to go
sport shooting I'm somebody who want I
want to protect my family that's what I
care about I want to protect my
civilization BCM makes those kinds of
weapons they assume that each rifle
leaving their shop will be used in a
life-or-death situation by a responsible
citizen or a law enforcement officer or
soldier overseas every component of a
bravo company manufacturing rifle is
hand assembled and tested by Americans
to a life-saving standard BCM feels a
moral responsibilities Americans Frye
tools that are not going to fail the
user when it's not just a paper target
god forbid you actually have to use a
gun against somebody else you don't want
it to fail to learn more about bravo
company manufacturing head on over to
bravo company MFG comm there you can
discover more about their products their
special offers their upcoming news i've
talked to the folks who run it they're
really spectacular people and their
product is just great it's bravo company
MFG comm find out even more about bravo
company man you
and the awesome people who make their
products at youtube.com slash of Bravo
Company USA that's youtube.com slash
Bravo Company USA Bravo Company MFG comm
to check out their products so we've
we've strayed into culture and I feel we
should stay here and typically when we
talk about culture we're always talking
about it through a negative light it'd
be it'd be pretty easy to go to the
Emmys last night we would probably camp
out there for the rest of the show
because I mean Hollywood is just
provides endless fodder for this sort of
thing I've heard that God is a heard
that's what yeah I actually want to talk
about things that we like in the culture
right now like you've got you've got
five guys here all who spend as much
time thinking about culture
entertainment as we do thinking about
politics we just talk about it a lot
less
what are you watching right now what are
you listening to right now what's got
your attention let's kind of let's kind
of go round-robin here in that well I
mean I've actually been watching some
some old series because I watched some
of the new series and and some were
decent I thought Ozark was okay on
Netflix but the the one that I've been
watching I went back and I was reaching
Rome which I know if you've seen it yeah
yeah HBO two seasons two seasons are
really good wittle' favorite television
yeah and except for the typical you know
it's HBO so we have to put boobies on
the screen you know and think you know
on Amazon you now have the ability to
skip forward 15 seconds in a row so you
just get flashes of pornography as
opposed to entire scenes of pornography
which for some people is the benefit for
some people is the drawback bye click
pause yeah but the the show is is really
good and it takes you from essentially
Caesar re-entering Rome and crossing the
Rubicon all the way up to the Battle of
Actium
and it's it's really quite good it's it
I've really been enjoying watching that
also my wife and I started watching the
the new Jack Ryan series on Amazon how
is it how many how many are you in I
only watched one and I was a little
sleepy three three it does get better
the first half the first episode is very
slow ever and then once they get him
actually in the act right right and it
does change the series radically they do
do the thing that Hollywood always does
well so first of all the good thing
about the series aside from the fact
that it's actually showing law
enforcement in a good light which is
nice is that the villains in the series
are actual Islamic terrorists mmm I
actually you will find by the
to the series that it's some oil guy
yeah I don't think so because they're
spending an awful lot of time with the
terrorists like you know if they
humanize the terrorists a little bit
they depended a lot of time with them so
they've the the one can see this series
engages in and this one really drives me
nuts and it's something that Hollywood
does for dramatic purposes is they
basically say well this terrorist became
a terrorist because of something bad
that happened to him when he was a child
right some some Western or did something
to his family and that's why he became a
terrorist it's like that's how this
started look at terrorists I'm sorry
that is not correct if you look at the
sociological data about terrorists a
huge number of them are middle class to
upper-middle class came from homes that
were middle class to upper-middle class
you know we're well-educated people join
terrorist groups because they agree with
the ideology not because something bad
happened to them in their youth most
people had something bad happened to
them in their youth and they didn't pick
up a gun and start shooting people for
no reason so it's that is annoying about
the series but it is well made and it
does and it does take the problem of
Islamic terror at least 75 percent
seriously I mean there's there's a
terrorist attack that's pretty egregious
they show in Episode three that is
heavily linked to radical Islam and they
don't shy away from it the truth is
after a quiet place I'll follow
Krasinski through the gates of Hell
fantastic Krasinski is a shockingly
talented individual you watched him in
the office you like oh okay so he does
like comedy and then you watch him
another stuff and every so often you you
still detect Jim Halpert yeah just
because I've seen it so much but he's
he's quite good in it I'll say the
casting decision for his paramour is not
quite as good but there's a lot of stuff
in the in the series too like I like it
I recommend it you know it's really
interesting that we you do immediately
when you ask the question you
immediately go to TV it's still a golden
age of television there's still a place
where I am now getting experiences from
television that used to only get from
novels I'm watching something that
nobody else is watching that I think
it's absolutely terrific it's not legal
yeah I know it's called the terror and
it's on AMC and it's based on a novel by
Dan Simmons and Simmons has kind of
lived in Stephen King's shadow he's a
not a novelist kind of a horror novelist
usually and he writes he's a better and
prose writer than Stephen King but he's
not as creative he doesn't have that
immediate like grab you by the lapels
and drag into the story this is a book
that he wrote
that's about a kind of endurance like
exploration trips in the 19th century
British guys go out and he gets stuck in
the ice like the endurance except it's
also kind of a monster movie there's
something out there and it's chasing
them and they don't know what it is but
what elevates it aside from the acting
which is spectacular
I mean the acting is unbelievably good
but what elevates it is the relationship
between the characters men in situations
of authority each one of them has a
something back in England that kind of
links them to one another it's simple
but it just brings you into this idea of
the incredible burden of authority the
incredible burden of authority in the
middle of nowhere where every decision
you make puts people off lives on the
line and you're dealing with the
supernatural element kind of just
elevates the presence of nature in it so
that you are just when you turn it on
for an hour you are in the ice you're in
this place where it's always dark dark
six months of the year something is out
there something and it's terrific I mean
it really is good and the other one just
on a fun level is this show the sinner
which just has a very basic premise was
just that they show you somebody commits
a murder in the first 10 minutes of the
show you watch the whole thing I've
watched the first season I'm in the
middle of the seconds now coming to the
end of the second season and the second
season worth it I mean I watch the first
season ya know I really like it Bill
Pullman is doing this really eating the
scenery a performance which you don't as
a neurotic cop we keep saying yeah I
know you did it but why did you do it
and it's not what we think and it's just
an entertaining corrupt crime show you
know I'm interested in this idea of
authority obviously none of none of the
five of us have ever been in situations
where the stakes are life and death and
none of us has ever worn any kind of
authority where are were the decisions
that we make could have that kind of but
one of the things that I've thought a
lot about over the last year as our
company has grown and past the 50
employee mark and you know this kind of
idea that that Ben and I had and this
this journey that started in a pool
house with your the three of us are some
of our pals and we were doing business
there and and I think now about the
responsibilities now that have come
along with the growth
of the company and what that means and
and one of the one of the sad things
that I've learned about being in charge
is that basically being in charge means
that you pay an enormous price for every
small mistake that you make yeah and
then other people pay a price for every
small mistake that you make so I
delegated all this stuff to you that's
why the price you end up paying is much
higher because it's compounded because
if you're good you actually care about
the people that are paying the price
because of your stupidity I'm watching
fortitude if you watch for the food no
you love fortitude the way you describe
this fort its fortitude it's who's the
star of it I'm not Costner the crazy the
the he's got a crazy brother the first
season I think is a little better than
the second but it is it's almost the
same thing it's in the middle of nowhere
it's filmed up by the North Pole I
talked to Dennis while he was shooting
it a few weeks ago and he cited it he
said he said hang on I got to go outside
and he put the phone down a bit and he
said where's my gun and I said you need
a gun and he said polar bears are
everywhere here he said we just don't
you don't go without a gun it was
amazing
so it really is this rough nasty
environment and it starts out with
there's a thaw in the ice and they find
all these mammoth woolly mammoths that
are down under the ice but there's
something that they don't know that's
growing inside of them that's cool and
it's it just goes you you don't know
what's happening for a lot you really
you can't figure that was great only
comes in like a ways into the series a
second season
yeah a second second season the other is
like I cannot wait for the premiere of
for the marvelous Miss Basel really yes
have you watched it no no I've been so
off but because whenever I see a
culturally I just can't stand the Jews
when I see a culturally huge show I'm
like I'm like I'm gonna watch a bunch of
people who completely screw up Judaism
this is this is brilliant it's brilliant
on pot horse is a huge fan of Asia oh my
gosh it is it is it's well-written well
produced just expertly expertly carried
in every step of the way it's got the
time period down I was afraid of like a
propaganda sucker punch when I watched
the the opening because it seemed like
it was moving from 1950s happy housewife
to empowered woman who decides to leave
family behind kind of thing is now oh no
it's it's she it starts out that she is
this uber housewife that it's just
hysterical to watch because it's 1950s
you know it's a bad band time and she
like will get up an hour before her
husband to put on all of her makeup and
then tuck her belle self back into sleep
so she always look great okay and she's
perfect on everything she's a over you
know overachiever on everything and
she's helping her husband who is a
horrible comedian he's an ADD guy and he
wants to be a comedian she just thinks
that it's something they're doing
together and she's helping him you know
write the jokes and everything else and
he's stealing jokes from Bob Newhart
okay so she hears Bob Newhart on TV
doing his routine and she's like honey
he stoled he's like no no I stole it
that's what we do he goes and bombs then
when she says you know you I thought
this was you're not serious about losing
your job because you suck she gets
hammered one night and she goes down to
the comedy club for some reason and she
just wants to tell everybody off she
grabs the mic she's hysterical
she's really really great so now she's
just found this but she's trying to
balance her home life the way it's
supposed to be it's I think it's great
really funny really foul of mine is the
love interest in season two so it'll be
fun to see really yeah I'll be fun to
see how he does yeah our buddy of it I
hate to talk about him because I don't
to pay a price for anything about the
universe anything have been a buddy of
mine as we've learned actors being
associated with any of us yes no just a
terrible thing can I ask you a question
would you get together if if I could
because I've become I don't wanna even
say I've become friends with people that
have had interactions with all of us
that have paid a heavy price and I've
talked to them would you do a show with
me if I could get a couple of people who
have paid a heavy price just to get just
to get together and and just tell the
story as it happened and just end this
just end this storyline I mean I would I
would love for that considering that
like legitimately we have major
celebrities who walk into this office we
are not political on a regular basis
like I mean once a week probably yeah
and I will actively tell them if you
take a picture you should not post it on
your social media they will come and
they will murder you guys don't know
just don't do it people who don't even
necessarily agree with the politics but
they have notably that show exactly
again I think we're at this place I have
one of them who and it's not the one you
would think I have one of them that is I
think willing to do this it would nudge
the other one into it may be great
because if there were if it broke the
dam a little bit what people felt like
they could say oh yeah I listen to Glenn
or oh yeah listen to Ben or Dru or I
want to be who I want to be and I want
to I want to live in an in a country
where I can think and I can say you know
I just had a guest on for one of my
podcasts last week she was you know
Cassie J yes red pill she's great she's
terrific
so she we were talking in and she said
three times okay I'm just I'm I'm
thinking out loud here so I don't even
know if this will work and I don't know
if I should say it I might say it that's
the world we want to live in right to
where you know you might say something
that is stupid you're like okay I forget
that that's good yeah we got to get back
there instead we live in a world where
Norm Macdonald someone that you
each of us the four of us Glenn if
you're not a fan you should five five I
love him the greatest the greatest book
of the decade norm basically had his
career threatened last week for saying I
like my friends I know I know I know
I'm like you know who I think is really
pathetic in that story Jimmy Fallon yeah
yes Jimmy Fallon - for Jimmy Fallon to
say there are producers at NBC who are
crying about this what is that when I
was on Jay Leno this is for three four
years ago the only reason why I was on
Leno is because one of the senior
producers was a conservative and
retiring hmm and he came out of the
closet he said I want one guest myself
and he picked me so we made this deal as
a Christmastime we made this deal no
policy might on my from no politics
we're gonna talk about Christmas that's
all we're gonna talk about let's just
have fun
they made the it went back and forth
through negotiations we made the
agreement he comes in we're in the green
room we had flown out to do this sitting
there in the green room and and he comes
in and he said they've changed the deal
and I said what do you mean and he said
you're gonna get out there I've seen all
the questions it's it's they're gonna
sandbag you and I said no they're not
because I'm not going on and Jay Leno
comes in and Jay is a nice guy you guys
know Jay a really nice guy and he says
Glen look they're killing me the you
know the producers are all killing me I
gotta ask a couple of questions I said
Jay that wasn't the deal
no he said Glen we have to do it and I
looked at my staff and I said guys call
the pilots fire up the Jets let's go and
we started to walk out they went they
panicked okay okay we go and do the show
what they had done is they had written I
was standing backstage Jays doing the
the
monologue and I can see the prompter
written in the prompter we got this we
got this I don't we got Glenn Beck I got
three standing ovations okay three on
The Tonight Show as as they say that the
first time ever is like yeah not a boo I
have three standing ovations in the
prompter it says whoo I hear some boos
out there yeah I know he's pretty
controversial it's crazy it's crazy what
they're doing they did when when I was
on our show like a few weeks ago yeah so
every pre-interview on my show was you
guys are going to talk about freedom of
speech and freedom of college campuses
and we're going to talk about and they
did at least for free interviews right
to make sure that I wasn't a kook
and so we finally get there and it's the
night of the interview and it's like a
50-minute of you and then I gotta leave
because right before Sabbath and the
producer comes in he says bill wants to
ask you about Russia and I said well why
I mean I do this for a living so buying
I mean if he wants to he can but I'm not
sure why that's interesting he said well
no you know we just decided that would
be more interesting if you guys talked
about Russia and I thought to myself
this is a perfect example of how the
left deliberately avoids any
informational exchange that doesn't
involve some sort of adversarial
response because Marv and I agree on the
free speech issues I've quoted him on my
show I've played his audio we agree on
the campus stuff we agree on the
censorship stuff but instead of
signifying any of that the producers
decided you know we have to show that
there's a contrast between bill and Ben
and so we're gonna talk about Russian
conspiracy theories for the for the
entire 10 to 15 minutes it's just
amazing I'm sitting I've said no to him
over and over we're supposed to do him
in a couple of weeks and I'm torn on it
because of that I've always said he's
the one guy who actually I have respect
for my dad he was doing that I only saw
him literally when we were on the set
but if you're willing to walk out then
it makes it very difficult for them to
ask the questions it's just there's no
place for me to go there's the point
that the reason why I've always said no
to that is bill you're you're doing you
know the Roman Coliseum no matter what
you say unless you come out against the
liberal side which he occasionally does
right
your crowd automatically cheers yeah you
know and so it's disdain for them though
when they do that he does he does my
respect for the part of his yeah I think
one of the reasons that Norm Macdonald
gets mixed producers at NBC cry it's
actually a trick on the right to with a
guy like norm is that it's very easy to
take someone whose talent you admire
very much and then superimpose your own
values on to them yeah it so Norm
Macdonald isn't a right winger but he
sort of beloved by right-wingers because
he isn't a left winger yeah yeah but I
in the same way that we we may be overly
anxious to grab him up just because he's
not a creature of the left I suspect
he's the favorite comedian among
comedians and so in this culture of this
comedy culture over at NBC with these
producers I'm sure they do the same
thing that your comedian doesn't kick
you in the teeth or at least every
comedian doesn't kick you so that does
make me I also think this is a bunch of
crap I think the idea that the producers
were in tears in the back room I think
there's a bunch of knots an excuse that
Fallon was using so that he didn't have
to have him on or here's the bottom line
you know they're at least three of us in
this room who run companies right and if
somebody who's a low-level staffer had a
problem with the guest that we were
bringing in we'd hear the concerns and
then we would make a call as the
executives of the company as to whether
that would actually impede the guests
it's not fat Fallon
yep swapping it off on his producers
like oh they were just so emotional I'm
sorry I can't have you on since when has
anyone in Hollywood given three craps
about a low-level producer what they
think they're raping these people and
they're shutting the doors that they can
sexually molest me that's whether
annoying in the hallway you know they
were probably about Norm Macdonald okay
so normally challenger crying about but
you were fine when NBC was stifling
stories about Harvey Weinstein then it
was then it was totally okay when
they're trying to shut down Ronan Farrow
then that wasn't a big deal but now the
prove clearly came across
I'm sure they were crying I'm sure that
in those rooms you know with some of
these people at any of the studios they
are lunatics I think people don't
appreciate how absolutely insane in a
different way than the rest of Corporate
America how out of there
mine's Hollywood producers own and
assistant producers and casting
directors and they are I mean this
coming around guy in a velvet jacket
through the way more pitch meetings than
I have but I've been it but I've been in
pitch meetings as well and if politics
come up it starts to get so fraud so
quickly in an insane way it is a kind of
form of bullying because they depend
they know you're there to sell and they
depend on you sitting there with a grin
on you I won't describe what kind of
alleviating or any way on the green grin
on your face and wins you don't do that
and I'm telling you read I know you all
have the audience needs to read the the
righteous mind yeah I have put that into
practice I was at Netflix and Amazon I
was in a meeting the last time I was
here two times ago I was here I'm in a
meeting and it honest-to-god starts like
this they come in and this woman walks
in and she she sees everybody and then
she sees me and she stops and she knows
she's going into a meeting with me but
she's so I hate that guy immediately she
just stops and just went and might one
of my agents happens to know her and as
she starting to sit down he immediately
reaches out and says I know I know I
know I know I know what you're thinking
right now give him 20 minutes just
listen for 20 minutes 20 minutes later
using it it's not being deceptive it's
not changing your opinions nothing it's
using Jonathan Heights tactics if you
will is language in 20 minutes honest to
god she was laughing with me she said
can we get a picture I want to send it
to my dad my dad and I haven't talked
since the election and I don't know how
to talk to him maybe this would break
the ice
do you have any tips on how to talk but
I mean if I can you you are Glenn Beck
you or represent you a representative of
a point of view if you're an actor
just represented the fact that I can
play that point or storytellers it just
says you know I can tell tales you know
when your politics come out there's no
time for that you're done I know it is I
mean I know that's different I've been
on stages I've been on sets with you
know pretty big actors certain clubs
certain clubs down by the you know and
when politics comes up I I've always
kept my mouth shut
back when I back when I worked as an
actor out keep my head up because the
minute when it came out I remember this
with the blank book yeah I did the blank
book and everyone know as a Republican
and my phone stopped ringing
it really did stop ringing and that not
that I was Brad Pitt you know but I was
working and it just stopped and it's
because there's no there's not even a
pick up the phone hey are you the same
person that I knew - yes oh no I was
good this is its area because I can't I
can't keep my mouth shut I'm just not
capable of doing it because I don't it's
an insult to me it's an insult to me for
them to assume that I agree with the
fact that they're insulting somebody
that I voted for that I met that I'm a
support I'm incredibly polite to
everyone but you I mean you know no of
course I know but but I am and I'm a
very polite person but I would always
say you know I'm on the other side of
that question and it's like don't let
the door hit you on the way out so I've
been wondering the whole conversation
and this is half serious is one of your
camera man wearing a mask to hide his
identity I was here laughs we don't know
because we haven't seen him so when I
was here last time or whatever we were
shooting some stuff we were shooting
stuff over here and remember we had
extra crew who came in okay and then I
was shooting stuff over at premiere for
mice my studios and we had two different
crews my last day over on radio it's
Friday one of the guys who was on the
crew started his laugh he's looking he's
funny starts to laugh and he says you're
not gonna believe this and I said what
he said look at this I just got a
picture from one of my best friends one
of my best friends and it says do not
forward this to anyone tell no one I
waited until the last day to show you
guess who I've
hanging out with and shows in picture
and it's me and one of the cameraman
okay from here from here really yes and
he said and I said does he know about
you and he's like oh dear God no I said
come on let's take a picture so he took
a picture and send it with the same
thing do not is this here's to friends
you're both kind of fans you're doing
something all week you're not willing to
share that he said Glenn we would never
work again and that's why I never bring
up my close friendship with Anne
Hathaway Meryl Streep or Kathy Griffin
we never used this to our advantage we
never torpedo other people's crap right
that's really what we've gotta start
doing so we're not gonna talk about what
shows we're liking because we've
exhausted that I don't really like any
shows we are gonna take some more
questions because people have paid their
$10 and they must have their do you li
share you with us yes and I would highly
encourage all of you to watch the
marvelous mrs. Basel I'm a fan and Tony
Shalhoub is like amazing
is it brought me back my mom and I used
to watch every single episode of month
together and I texted her when I went to
the show and I was like you have to
watch it just for his character cuz he's
so amazing on the shoutings family so i
as i will tell you his everything else
that he's ever done you know monk stuff
it's good not compared to this seriously
he's brilliant he's so good and i'm
excited for season 2 coming soon Matthew
wants to know how often do we get into
theological debates here at the Daily
wire office he thinks it's really cool
how there's so many religious
perspectives here at daily wire but he's
Catholic so for the first time ever he's
a subscriber that assumes that Michael
is always right no we got the one we
found I mean it is talked about logical
debate what do you think the Pope I know
the
you know it's funny people ask me this
all the time what do you think your
church is falling apart at all you know
these Cardinals and the Pope and I think
it's wonderful
I think it's Wonder I've been hoping for
this oh you agree yeah I think it's
wonderful because the post it has been
so corrupt in that hierarchy for so so
long I mean building for so long and
certainly throughout this pontificate
there has been so much corruption
there's been so much confusion doctrinal
confusion offending some millennia of
Catholic doctrine I want it to be all
aired out I want to kick out all the bad
Cardinals all the bad bishops get rid of
them no you know that he's a Catholic
because Catholics are like Yankees fans
say something bad well you know next
year even this year will probably come
in a little buy a couple of guys from
the Cubs this is that'll you and being a
Jew is like being a White Sox fan which
is why I'm both know what happens when
the World Series I don't worry will suck
next year there is a weird timeline
thing which is every 500 years the
Catholic Church falls apart fall of Rome
the Great Schism with the East the
Protestant revolution and this now and
this is even worse because it's really
doctrinal it's affecting well it's gone
all the way up to the Vatican but I'm
bringing the fresh air bringing the
light I was affected
I was there by invitation for the last
big Cardinal thing where they and it was
did you like this Pope before this coat
it was right before what was the last
Pope's named Benedict Benedict right
before he came in and so I was with a
lot of the Cardinals some of these
really weird like movie-esque
kind of meetings and thing and there is
a there there are two churches you know
and it is plain as day when you're
seeing those guys interact they run in
the same circles and you can see there
is one political group that it's it's
all about power in politics and then
there's the ones who have really have a
soft heart what I haven't understood was
I was told that this was Benedict's
attempt to make sure that it was set the
course was set for a long time and then
all of a sudden you know the media's
favorite Pope is elected and I've had
real
you know no Kath I have a former
Catholic but you know I've had real
problems with him he's a Jesuit first
place that's there was the first mistake
by the way teachers of the Jesuit school
which makes me question Georgetown Prep
Jesuit High School yes so I mean that's
weird cuz that's not a good not
necessarily good thing but what happened
what what how few want to figure out
where to fall on an issue if the media
supports something you should know that
what happened to Benedict was supposedly
setting it up and then all of a sudden
it's a strong u-turn Benedict is one of
the greatest men of this century and the
last century he gave he was certainly
one of the most brilliant brilliant
theologians at the Regensburg address
the Regensburg lecture is one of the
most important operations in modern
history
and then he left why did he leave we
don't know why he left it was the first
resignation in hundreds and hundreds of
years now we have what would be the
first really properly vatican ii pope
post vatican ii pope and we're seeing
some of the implications of that change
doctrinally temperamental ii Estoril ii
going on and on and on but it is funny
because the media say oh how lovely
dovey how wonderful we love this pope
approval ratings at 90% and yet
the archbishop vegan oh the one who
accused the pope of covering up for
certain coordinates that is that's a
serious man who had speak of credibility
that guy has a lot of credibility and
you're seeing a lot of rot in a lot of
these cardinals miss about this for the
last the last two posts were actually
two of my heroes as a non category john
paul ii obviously grateful great
Benedict I really think one of the
greatest minds of our of our time but
all of the stuff was going on under
their watch what were they doing
Benedict was defrauding a lot of popes
lay asylum in the seclusion punishing
mckarrick and yet under the pontificate
of Francis Cardinal McCarrick one of one
of the worst of these guys was all of a
sudden back in public living in
seminaries again you you have to speak
of the political side of it yeah you
know we want our Pope to be wise as
serpents and innocent as a dove we don't
want that to get inverted and if there
are political machinations going on
I'm not surprised I'm not surprised that
when certain Cardinals and bishops are
playing nice nice on TV of how
compassion and eyes those guys might
have a lot of skeletons in their closet
and it it really just opposes love true
love true faith true hope with
sentimentality and we haven't it we now
have a church largely of sentiment can I
ask you one more question I have a good
friend who's deep deep deep deep deep
deep Catholic in Silicon Valley
nobody knows he's like very religious
and conservative it's like it's like
right so he is he's very concerned about
this Pope has been for a while because
of what this Pope is doing in China
where he's giving the communist bishops
you know their due outing the
underground Church and he's playing
footsie with Russia and you know
allowing that Chinese to say what they
want to do to do with what they want
with the bishop so saying that these
churches don't have to have a cross a
crucifix I mean this is redemption the
the hope here also with this Pope is
he's made flippant comments you know
with respect to vegan owes testimony he
said oh I'm not gonna say a word about
it then he said some words about it but
he's been dismissive of a lot of
criticisms and questions in the
Cardinals serious quarters Cardinal
Burke have sent Dubya questions to the
Pope on doctrine he won't respond he'll
ignore them and he's been dismissive
especially of young Catholics who are
much more traditional much more
liturgical II serious who want an older
more sober church and he said they're
they're too rigid homily it shouldn't be
more than eight minutes the whole mass
should be 40 minutes depends on who's
giving the homily and it you know the
thing with the baby boomers is they're
all wait they've always got to be the
cool guys in the room they've always got
to be the young hip cool guys and there
is a generation now that generation
that's coming up which is returning well
this is and this is where you need to
get back to the base question which is
how much do we scuzzy ology the truth is
on most of the key questions you'll put
inside the doctrinal matters and most of
the key questions of values we're all on
the same page so we have a lot of
discussions about that but usually it's
in contrast with kind of the the
secularizing society and influences from
the outside because all of us I think
can say that we are duly frustrated with
the elements
of our own religious sectors that are
attempting to liberalize and destroy the
the eternal doctrines of our faith and I
know that in in the Jewish community
this is always a challenge and it's a
it's a great annoyance the the the
number one question I get asked actually
is you know you're so conservative why
are there so many liberal Jews my answer
is because the vast majority of liberal
Jews don't actually abide by any actual
dictates of Judaism and you're seeing
the same thing in the Catholic Church
the future of the Catholic Church is in
going back to principles that actually
matter the future of Protestantism
mainline Protestantism is declining
evangelical Protestantism has been
picking up where all of that slack is
and the reason for that is because there
if you're going to get me to go sit in a
boring room for two hours there better
be something I'm hearing that's worth it
because either you're going out doing
something fun right so they better it
better be something worthwhile that
actually has some sort of transcendental
value not oh you're gonna bring in pizza
and a guitar and now this is this place
this place is pretty amazing for its
actually first religious conversations
and Jeremy Jeremy is a pastor and kind
of a radical pastor I call you an
antinomianism a genuinely informed
Catholic and Jay a is a very the Jay a
and Knowles have been fighting the
Reformation I mean really I feel like
I'm a lair Belloc's
is my ring bell arc and now you know I'm
like no I sometimes feel like I'm gonna
negotiate the Treaty of Westphalia but
when tommy'll aaron was working at the
blaze it was just like next question
comes from matthew that wants to know
has politics hoisin like this well it's
been a lot worse I mean there was there
was a civil war 100 years the election
between Jefferson and Adams was - is the
worst it is the words we've called
Jefferson called Adams 'him Aphrodite
and
and Adams said that if you elect
Thomas Jefferson there will be blood in
the streets and your girl your daughters
will be raped and your children's heads
will be on pike but it was at the end
you got either Jefferson or Adams when
we had Hillary Clinton running against
Donald Trump it felt like one of those
Japanese horror movies were like Gorgo
is fighting Godzilla you know even on
that point of the founding era because I
do that are we too obsessed with sex
we're always just talk about sex sex sex
there was that great quote from John
Adams our second president about
Alexander Hamilton that there weren't
enough whores in Philadelphia in
Rochester where they were where he had
fathered an illegitimate child from
Cleveland Cleveland wasn't able to
participate in such Cleveland's whole
second run at the presidency was built
on this question right he had you know
who did a great piece on that was Glenn
Beck in all sincerity you did a video a
few years ago about Cleveland and a sex
scandal which I I stumbled upon and
really uh yeah quite enjoyed yeah we
have time for one last question and then
we will end today's discussion by asking
Ben Shapiro to tell us what the heck is
yom kippur William wants to know dear
legends this is a question that has been
on his mind quite a lot recently
he wants to know what all y'all's
positions are on freewill versus
determinism and I have to say that
William I love you as a subscriber
because he actually said all y'alls I'm
gonna speak to this for a brief moment
because the question of freewill versus
determinism is one of obviously the most
important philosophical questions one of
the most important theological questions
we argue about it continually
in this office mr. musk mr. mas I'm
gonna get this back on the plane
Wilbur's is determining that this week
and it's related to how we approach
politics so for that reason I want to
share it I think that we've turned
politics into something of a religion at
the moment it's not not for the first
time and I think that the problem with
the religion we've created is it goes to
this free will versus determinism
question that we basically have decided
that we manifest reality instead of God
manifesting reality it doesn't matter
you might believe in God and you might
pay lip service to saying he manifest
reality but when you engage politically
you act as though you do and for that
reason we wind up being these very
tribal very outraged moments because we
we can't fully understand the life of
even one person like it takes it takes
you know 800 you however old Clavin is
many many years and no and the full
power of your mind to even try to unlock
your perspective on the world and it
would take equal amount for you then to
try to understand Glen's and so we look
at history which is the movement of
thousands of people across thousands of
years and we sort of reduce it all down
to something that we can understand and
we put a we put a line around it and
sometimes that line is a great man like
if we look at the Revolution George
Washington might be the line that we
draw around it because a reduction of
his experience kind of forms the contour
but obviously if you died at Yorktown
you didn't experience America you never
once lived in America as a as a nation
completely free of British rule if you
died it in wajima you didn't experience
VJ day right you didn't have that
experience so the truth is for the
person who dies at Yorktown that's it
mm-hmm that's all they got and and their
so whatever value they got out of life
whatever meaning they got of lot out of
life can't be based on
these on these questions of what are we
what are we collectively creating it has
to be the individual experience going
through the individual life and when we
get so riled up about politics when we
get so riled up about these divisions
and we begin to hate other individuals
on the basis of of these sort of forces
that we dream that we're swept up in but
that actually have almost no you know I
voted for whoever in California what's
it matter I'm a Republican I voted in
California I voted for Trump who cares
but but we we place all that value in
ourselves as though we're God there's no
we're creating the world and I think the
result is that we're missing out on the
actual value of the human experience
we're missing out on the actual and
doing less good because to whatever
extent we are being used by God to
affect the world around us it's not on
the basis of our delusions of grandeur
it's on the basis of how we interact
with self how we interact with each
other and how we interact with God you
know what when I said to comment on the
difference between freewill and feminism
and I was going to say we have to choose
one of our subscribers please give us
more money we promise to provide you
with some value beyond what you've told
tumblr Ben I wasn't kidding I really
feel like tomorrow's a big day
tonight tonight about an hour and a half
in synagogue exact that's why we're
cutting off early guys yeah so thank me
for that one right so the Yom Kippur is
the is the holiest day on the Jewish
calendar it's the day that basically the
last 40 days have been leading up to so
about a month before Rosh Hashanah you
start it's known as kind of the the days
of penitence and you start saying extra
prayers in the morning for repentance
and then between Rosh Hashanah the idea
and Rosh Hashanah beginning of the year
is that God basically opens the book
when he's going to decide how your next
year is gonna go whether you live or
whether you die how you're gonna die if
you do
and then on Yom Kippur the book is
sealed and that's when God has made his
final decision so this is basically us
getting in our last minute prayers is
saying saying what were
intending on doing it's not just New
Year's resolutions you have to
specifically atone for the things that
you've done wrong in the last year you
are not allowed to atone before God
unless you've actually said sorry to
other human beings for the things that
you've done to them since I had a
perfect year I don't have but the rule
is that you actually are not allowed to
but for sins that you committed against
another human being you can't ask God
for forgiveness for those sins until
you've actually atoned with that other
human being and and so we fast and we
and we pray and we wear white we're not
allowed to wear whether for example
because that that kind of is is
indicative of the human body gauges
you're supposed to imitate the Angels as
much as you possibly can and it's it can
be a really uplifting day because it's
basically you pouring out your heart to
God and then at the end if you've ever
been to an ela service which is the very
end of the Yom Kippur holiday everybody
stands for essentially about an hour and
a half and that you don't blow the the
shofar which is the you know you see in
all the ancient movies that the Jews
blowing the shofar the horn we've been
doing that for four days dead on Rosh
Hashanah as well and you don't blow it
except at the very end it's really
dramatic and that's the the idea of
Neela's the gates to heaven are closing
and so getting in while it's still good
so it's very pressure packed day I mean
people take it extremely seriously you
basically spend all day in synagogue
atoning and also the nice thing is that
you're recognizing that God is not just
a God of justice he's a God of mercy
because God knows better than you that
you are going to make a bunch of
resolutions about how you're gonna act
next year and then you're totally gonna
blow it but the question that God is
asking is are you sincere in the moment
is this something that you in the moment
it's credible to believe that you're
going to try and carry that forward
through the rest of the year so it's
it's really it's an amazing day like my
it's actually my dad's favorite day of
the year even though we're fasting he
says specifically because we're fasting
he's like he the way he sees it is this
optimistic moment I actually as a human
being get to stand before the creator of
all things and say and he cares enough
about me that he wants my atonement it's
like you know it's an amazing concept
well what better note to end on than
that God is a God of mercy I think that
sort of wraps up the full discussion of
the night and it's certainly something
that whatever hope we have we better
hang it on that thanks to everybody for
tuning in this is the daily wire
backstage we promise to do it again
Glenn thanks for sitting in with us you
hope you'll join us to enjoy too I mean
they didn't enjoy Michaels
nah
