I do enjoy PETA the People for the
Ethical Treatment of Animals because
they're totally crazy so I I do enjoy
them here is what they tweeted out
yesterday cow's milk has long been a
symbol used by white supremacists one
more reason to hashtag ditch dairy
really didn't know that was a thing so
apparently I knew is the thing only
because the New York Times we talked
about a piece earlier this week in which
white supremacists were guzzling cow's
milk to demonstrate their genetic
superiority because they could tolerate
lactose which again seems like not the
world's most important skill set like
you can't really put on your resume
tolerates lactose well that's not
something that like if somebody put that
on their resume for the daily wear be
like this person is not getting hired
but but Peter's response is just as
stupid which is not why should cow's
milk be used by white supremacists it's
cow's milk itself is indeed white
supremacist so you should not use cow's
milk anymore goat's milk apparently not
white supremacist so that's good to know
so I guess forcible milking of the goats
is on its way and also what do you do if
you like chocolate milk maybe like
chocolate milk are you also white
supremacists further questions my
children big fans of milk really enjoy
it did ever since they were babies it
turns out were they white supremacist
when they were small babies because
babies like cow's milk
true true story so PETA doing yeoman's
work in demonstrating just how insane
they are each and every day of the week
well done well done
PETA
