alex says that he was recently in a
poli-sci class and the teacher pulled up
a graph that said conservatives have
gone more extreme than democrats in
recent years do you think that this is
true and if so why no this is blatantly
false own Republican z-- have not gone
more extreme than Democrats in recent
years the reason I can tell you this is
that if you look at the Republican
platform in 2000 versus the Republican
platform now the only area in which the
Republican Party has moved right at all
isn't some of its talk about fiscal
responsibility
that's legitimately the only area where
they've moved right if you look at the
Democratic platform since 2000 in 2000
the Democratic the Democrats opposed
same-sex marriage the Democrats wanted
abortion to be safe legal and rare right
and Democrats were in favor of fiscal
responsibility I believe in their 2000
message they were in favor of a larger
military they like the Democrats have
been wildly wildly to let their not in
favor of nationalized health care they
were still in favor of capitalism I mean
that are still okay with Jerusalem is
right that's right Jerusalem is the
capital of Israel they weren't booing
God at their convention like they did in
2012 the Democratic Party I mean they're
they're actual charts that show this I
think is from Real Clear Politics
showing that the last time the
Republican Party moved with basically
2010 since 2010 the Democratic Party has
shifted significantly the left
