in Brooklyn in New York a nine-year-old
black boy was accused by a white woman
of grabbing her derriere in a in a
supermarket the woman's clearly unhinged
she ended up calling the police and
saying he assaulted me he grabbed me he
grabbed my derriere and a nine-year-old
boy and then they looked at security
camera footage never happened they can
they can prove that it didn't happen
she's a nut and she called the cops on
the kid it's not like she just said oh
you don't do that or say said to his
mother don't do that
she called the police on him and then it
turns out it was fake it didn't happen
it was a hoax so one I just want to
point out for the believe all women
thing there are hoaxes
Jackie Coakley Tawana Brawley countless
sexual assault hoaxes in recent years
the reason that you can't believe all
women just because they're women is that
it is unfair to actual victims of sexual
assault it actually doesn't take sexual
assault seriously when you believe crazy
people and we should take sexual assault
seriously because it is a heinous crime
so I love this kid he the woman the
crazy woman who accused him of this is
named Teresa Klein the nine-year-old kid
is Jeremiah Harvey and you know she's
trying to ruin his life at this Brooklyn
deli the ABC News interviewed the the
nine-year-old kid and said do you
believe this woman I love his answer
I'll forgive this woman at all I think
she was crazy I think she had something
going on with her I think she had a
special ill well and she needs help and
she really needs help for life you you
tell him you tell him Jeremiah now you
know I think he should forgive in time
but this is a perfectly appropriate
answer in the moment yeah she has a
special kind of ill she's crazy she
needs help she needs to get help ABB's
play it again
tell him again Jeremiah because all the
Democrats need to hear this you're
talking to all of them
I don't forget this woman at all I think
she was crazy I think she had something
going on with her I think she had a
special ill well and she needs help and
she really needs help for life she
doesn't need help and thank goodness
that there was security camera footage
because look it's funny the kid is
stating this perfectly he's really
spelling out what the left needs to hear
but thank goodness there was security
camera footage because if not who knows
what would have happened
