you
well as it stands right now next Monday
this coming Monday Brett Kavanaugh and
his accuser Christine Ford will both
appear before a Senate committee to talk
about the allegations that Ford has has
leveled against Cavanaugh I was reading
manin the the CNN article I don't know
why I was doing that but I was reading
to CNN article if you're wondering if
you're wondering whether or not
CNN might be biased if you're if you're
wondering about that here's the here's
the article on cnn.com about the hearing
that's scheduled for Monday this is what
it says it will be a public reckoning of
a woman's courage a man's character and
the capacity of Washington's leaders to
show that some things matter more than
politics
that's the lead paragraph on this news
on this alleged news website yeah I mean
the news media that gets so offended
they they get so personally offended
when Trump constantly calls them fake
news but this is why they're not even
trying to disguise it making no attempt
whatsoever to disguise that they are all
in on Christine Ford's side and that's
they're making no attempt to disguise it
the article goes on an extraordinary
American moment is scheduled to unfold
next Monday when the accused when the
accused Supreme Court nominee Brett
Kavanaugh and his accuser California
professor Christine Blasi Ford are due
to appear before a Senate committee if
it goes ahead as planned the hearing
will become a human drama that will be
agonizing for Ford as she reveals the
most intimate painful details of an
alleged assault it will be grueling for
Cavanaugh as he defends his reputation
over an incident he is adamant never
took place so um yeah if you're worried
about them if you're if you were curious
but maybe you know if there's maybe a
little bit of a bias problem in the
media then there you go
so what make a few more points about all
the
first of all you know one of the most
fallacious arguments that I've heard in
regards to to the to the Brett Kavanaugh
sex abuse allegation it's good even call
it an argument but I've heard this
online and people have said this to me
over and over again they've said you
know what if it was your daughter who
said that a boy attempted to rape her
what if it was you what if it was your
daughter how would you how would you
respond and I guess people are saying
this to me because my position has been
that I find these allegations to be
extremely suspicious and dubious and and
unsubstantiated and uncorroborated and
so I think Brett Kavanaugh should still
be confirmed and he should be confirmed
it should be confirmed quickly so people
have said to me in response well what if
it was your if it was your daughter you
you wouldn't feel that way would you and
you hear this stuff all the time people
try to frame conversations like this all
the time right they ask you to imagine
how you'd respond if your children were
somehow personally impacted by the issue
in question but but first of all that's
actually exactly the wrong way to think
about situations like this that that is
the wrong mindset to have our our
objective should be to figure out the
truth that's what we should be trying to
figure out what actually happened what
is true and that requires cool heads and
objectivity
it doesn't require strong blinding
emotion which is the which is the
mindset that they well imagine if it was
your child people want us to adopt but
that's wrong because yeah if it was my
day if my daughter told me this story
and she told me right away not thirty
five years later then yeah I would go to
the boy's house and I would beat the
crap out of them that's what I would do
but that's because as a father my anger
and my emotions and my protective
instinct would take over and they would
completely override any rash
part of my brain so I would not I mean I
would that's how I would respond I would
respond in an emotional angry vengeful
violent way I would respond probably in
an irrational way but irrationality is
not the answer here
so every time every time we do this
where we say well Matt imagine if you
were affected by this I'm imagine if you
were personally involved no that's
that's the opposite of what you should
do the fact that were removed from the
situation
that's that allows us to to to to be
objective
theoretically but here's something else
to consider you know this is what I've
been thinking about if we're going to
play the hole well what if it was your
child game
why don't we ever consider it from the
other angle
like
okay yo what if it was your daughter
alright but what if it was your son what
if your son was on the cusp of some huge
achievement and a woman came forward
with no evidence and no witnesses and
and and nothing else and accused him of
attempting to assault her years ago but
she doesn't know exactly when or where
what if I had what happened to your son
would you assume that he's a rapist and
throw him to the wolves or would you
demand that he be treated as as innocent
until proven guilty I mean how would you
approach it then why are we only
supposed to imagine ourselves in the
position of the woman or you know
related to the woman somehow what about
the man who is who is supposed to be
innocent until proven guilty and also in
fact let let me say this that um
because this comparison doesn't really
work because the willya what if it was
your daughter that whole thing obviously
in that situation were meant to imagine
ourselves being told this by our
daughter right after it happened
but
if I was if I were Christine Ford's dad
you know right now who must be in his
70s or 80s or whatever and if my
daughter told me that she planned to
publicly accuse a prominent figure of a
sexual assault that supposedly happened
35 years ago and that she never before
mentioned to me or anyone else and that
she has no evidence to prove and no
witnesses to corroborate and she doesn't
even remember all the details like when
it when and where it happened in that
case you know what I think I'd probably
advise her against it I think in that
case uh well it's hard for me to know
exactly what I would say to my daughter
like because I can't even imagine having
a daughter who's who's in her 50s but I
think there's a very good chance that I
would advise her no I would not I would
not go forward with it with allegations
like this in this situation now there
are no you know there's no statute of
limitations for accusations of course so
you can accuse anyone of anything
anytime but there's a reason why they
have a statute of limitations in a court
of law because if you wait too long and
then you make your app's accusation
there's absolutely no way to prove or
disprove anything you're saying
so the accusation can damage the person
that you've accused but he's not gonna
have the opportunity to vindicate
himself so I think I think it's
reasonable to expect someone if they're
gonna come forward with an accusation to
do it
I don't know within what like a decade
two decades I mean some time before the
middle of the third decade I think
that's reasonable
I think if 35 years have passed and you
haven't said anything by now then I
think it's reasonable to say well you
know it's it's it's kind of too late
it's too late to come forward with this
you had you at 35 years to do it and you
didn't so to do it now you can't
accomplish anything except accept cause
a bunch of chaos hurt this guy's
reputation but that's all it can do you
you can't prove anything to come out
publicly against somebody 35 years later
with a vague memory I mean I think it in
most cases it's not right to do that and
notice how she remembers all these
details except the two that would allow
him to vindicate himself and prove his
innocence okay so she remembers all this
stuff she doesn't remember exactly where
or win though that seems kind of
convenient to me because those are the
two details that could potentially allow
him to prove it that he was innocent
because he could say oh well I was that
you know I was I was I was overseas in
France I mean I was on vacation with my
parents and in Canada on that day or you
know he could I mean potentially he
could maybe prove it
or you could or or on the other hand if
you had an exact day and and location
then that would allow you to find some
evidence to prove his guilt
but when somebody said when it's when
it's even if it's not threatening think
even even if it's like 10 years like 5
years later a year later and somebody
says well sometime within a span of like
you know sometime within this large span
of time in some location in the general
vicinity of this county you know this
person did this thing well there's just
no way there's no way for some if
someone said about you
that
between ten and fifteen years ago in
this general vicinity of this of this
particular County you did a horrible
thing there will be absolutely no way
for you to prove your innocence you
could not do it
because it's just it's it's it's it's
too broad of a timeframe
so it just it's not it's just not right
I don't think it's right
you
I mean at the very least if you're gonna
come out 35 years later you should have
every last detail down starting with
when and where if you don't even have
that
if you don't even have that that I don't
I don't know how you come forward now I
think
you know I liberals are saying that and
if you go you know if you if you go
online or go on Twitter this the phrase
that you're gonna see repeated over and
over again is credibly accused right
there saying that Cavanaugh has been
credibly accused which is just the real
which is just a which is just another
way of them saying that he's guilty you
know when you say incredibly accused
it's it's just another way of accused of
straight up saying the guys killed
credibly accused so it's a euphemism for
guilty but we're told that this is a
credible act this is a credible
accusation accusation that's thirty five
years old don't know exactly when don't
know exactly where both the other
witnesses have denied it that's a
credible accusation supposedly I don't
know if I would call that a credible
accusation but then you could say well
if that's not a credible accusation what
is I'm I'm glad that you asked just that
just by way this is not a what about
thing is not what about ISM but just
because we're thrown around terms like
credible accusation I think it could be
helpful to to look at what an actual
credible accusation looks like so for
that I go to Juanita Broderick
who accused Bill Clinton as I think well
everyone knows now accused Bill Clinton
of violently raping her
this was not an attempted rape this was
violent actual rape that Bill Clinton is
alleged to have alleged to have done to
- Juanita Broderick now let me this is
actually um funny enough this is from
BuzzFeed ok BuzzFeed it or not did a
actually did a very thorough article a
couple years ago about this accusation
so let me read just their description of
of what happened of the accusation
itself from Juanita Broderick okay
Broderick this is the accusation
Broderick then 35 first melp met Bill
Clinton when he was 31 and the Attorney
General of Arkansas during a campaign
stop he made at her nursing home where
she worked
um they discussed her business and his
campaign Broderick wasn't much into
politics but she had recently started
volunteering for him with a friend and
Clinton told Broderick to call his
office if she was ever ever in nearby
Little Rock a few week a few weeks later
she did just that while attending a
nursing seminar there they arranged to
meet one morning in the coffee shop in
the hotel where the seminar was held at
the last second Clinton called up to
Broderick's room and asked if they could
meet there instead since there were
reporters in the lobby below she said
yes minutes after entering her room he
tried to kiss her she says biting her
upper lip hard shock Broderick says she
resisted Clinton even telling her she
was not only married but having an
affair with another man who would later
become her second husband he ignored her
she says and pushed around the bed and
raped her afterwards she says he put his
sunglasses on and told her to get some
ice for her swollen lip before leaving
the room there was no remorse Broderick
told me he acted like it was an everyday
occurrence he was not the least bit
apologetic it was just unreal
she rushed to the door and lock that she
says afraid afraid that someone would
come back to kill her
two of Broderick's friends who had also
attended the nursing conference found
Broderick in tears her lips swollen and
blue she told them what had happened but
made them swear not to tell anyone else
she was
out of retaliation didn't think anyone
would believe her and blamed herself for
allowing Quentin to come up into her
room
I never told I had never known anyone
that had been raped she told me I could
not imagine anybody that could get in
that situation and not get out of it
soon after Broderick says she ran into
Hillary Clinton at a political rally and
Hillary shook her hand and thanked her
for everything she had done for Bill to
Broderick the gesture felt like a threat
to stay silent as Attorney General later
Governor Bill Clinton was quote the main
person that regulated my business and my
income Broderick said after she said
after she said what she did to me I just
thought I will keep quiet okay so what
makes that credible while the accusation
against Cavanaugh is not as credible
well that quite a few things number one
she remembers exactly where and when it
happened she remembers all the details
she remembers how she ended up there she
remembers everything number two
she told two people about it moments
after it happened and not only that
those people found her bruised and
bloodied
so those are two really important
aspects of this whole thing number three
she has a reason she has a she has a
rational reason now she didn't she
didn't come foot public with these
accusations I don't think for another
until like 98 99 so for her it was about
20 years before she came before she came
out publicly with these accusations but
it she didn't wait 20 years to tell
anybody she didn't even want me she went
she waited hardly even 20 minutes to
tell anybody she did tell her friends um
but it makes sense why she would have
waited 20 years she and she said it
right there first of all she thought
that she felt like Bill Clinton's wife
was threatening her second Bill Clinton
exercised a lot of control over her
personally given what she did for living
in his position third he was a very
powerful man as Attorney General he
became even more powerful as governor
and they became even more powerful as
president so she was she was worried
about about the power that he had and
about his his uh be what she felt was a
was an underhanded threat from his wife
so we have that so we have exact day and
time and location we have she she
reported it to to two other people at
right after it happened she has a reach
his actual reason she'd get for why she
didn't tell anybody and and then the
fourth thing was his alt which is also
really important that this fits a
pattern of behavior there are several
other women who have who came out and
accused Bill Clinton as well and so we
have an established pattern of behavior
where it's pretty much an accepted fact
that Bill Clinton is a is a is a sexual
deviants come back so with all of those
things taken into consideration the the
evidence is overwhelming that there's
really there's there's actually no
reason to disbelieve Juanita Broderick
there's no rational reasonable
justification for disbelieving her it is
over what evidence is overwhelmingly in
her favor
so that unless you are a total partisan
hack you would you would believe Juanita
Broderick
because in one EDA Broderick's case it's
it's her word along with all the other
women that accused Bill Clinton against
Bill Clinton who he knows a pathol
pathological liar and sexual deviance so
it's just I mean there's no again
there's no reason not to believe
it's entirely a different case with
Christine Ford and judge Cavanaugh
doesn't remember remember doesn't
remember exactly when doesn't remember
exactly where there was alcohol you know
she admits herself that I believe that
she was drinking as well there was
alcohol involved
they were both kids it was 35 years ago
she didn't tell anyone for at least 30
years no other women have come forward
they're theirs as far as we know there
is no established pattern of behavior
here no other women have come forward to
accuse him so it is entirely her word
against his
and he's also got plenty of other women
who knew him at the time and have
vouched for his character so it's just
in his case I think the the evidence is
much more in his favor
and so that's the difference that's a
credible accusation verse a not so
credible accusation so if you are among
the many liberals who have found
Christine Ford's accusations very
credible
yet somehow Juanita Broderick's
accusations not credible then you really
need to look in your heart and in your
mind
to figure out what's going on with you
because there's something going
seriously wrong with you in that case
you have been totally blinded by your
partisan affiliations
which is which is shameful all right
I'll leave it there thanks for watching
everybody thanks listening Godspeed
you
