Brett Kavanagh has been I'm sure you've
heard by now Brett Kavanagh has been
accused of sexual assault or attempted
sexual assault when he was 17 over three
decades ago and the Democrats became
aware of this accusation months ago but
have only coincidentally decided to come
forward with it now while well right
before the confirmation is supposed to
be go through so they they you know just
coincidentally they decided at the very
last minute to say oh hey by the way
here's this thing nope
we'll get to the Democrats role in all
this in a second but let's first take a
look at the allegation itself I'll read
this is the allegation as reported by
Fox News it says the woman Christine
Ford is a professor at Palo Alto
University according to the Washington
Post which published her account on
Sunday looking for the actual accusation
afford a 51 year old registered Democrat
who was published in academic journals
and trained students in clinical
psychology described the alleged
incident on Sunday saying it occurred at
a Maryland teenage house gathering Ford
claimed she headed upstairs to a
bathroom when she was suddenly pushed to
onto a bed as rock and roll music
blaring
she did not recall exactly who owned the
house how she came to be at the house or
how the gathering was arranged she
remembered only that the house was in
Montgomery County near near a country
club and that the parents and their
parents were not present Ford said she
remembered that during one summer in the
early 1980s Cavanaugh and a friend Mark
judge were stumbling drunk and laughing
maniacally those are both quotes when
Cavanaugh pinned her to a bed and tried
to forcibly remove her one-piece bathing
suit as well as the clothes she was
wearing
according to Ford Cavanaugh put his hand
over her mouth when she attempted to
scream I thought he might inadvertently
kill me said Ford who works as a
research psychologist in California he
was trying to attack me and remove my
clothing for claims she was able to
escape to a bathroom and then outside of
the house when Judge mark judge the
other guy allegedly involved jumped
jumped into the fray and sent everyone
in the room quote tumbling
okay now we are we're told that Ford the
accuser she told this story to a
therapist in 2012 and the notes of that
therapy session have been given to the
Washington Post and she also passed an
FBI lie-detector test and a lot of
people are making a big deal out of that
that she passed a lie-detector test now
I don't you know the fact that she told
this to a therapist is potentially
significant we'll get that get to that
in a second the fact that she passed a
lie-detector test doesn't tell you
anything because number one lie-detector
tests are junk science you know the way
people talk about lie-detector tests
polygraph test it's as if people really
think that it's literally a lie-detector
test like it can read your mind and if
you tell a lie it says well that was a
lie but that's of course not how it goes
it reads certain body signals certain
things that are going on with you
physically and then the person
administering the test interprets that
as being you know a sign of anxiety or
nervousness which is then interpreted as
being a sign that you told a lie so
there it's just there's a lot of
interpreting going on and as I said it's
junk science because here's the thing
about a lie detector test ironically if
you're really good at lying and you lie
all the time if you're a pathological
liar
if you tell a lot of lies all the time
then you'll probably pass a lie-detector
test but if you're very honest and
scrupulous there's a very good chance
that you'll fail the test
so that's why you can't you can't take
the stuff seriously
