well what do you make of the of the
merger of sort of comedy and politics so
you're a comedian you label yourself a
comedian everybody knows you as a
comedian but you do see political actors
president forms basically a stand-up
comic most of what he does is political
comedy disguised as politics and what
this means is that he crosses lines that
you will cross but people are not sure
what to make of it are we supposed to
take it like comedy or are we supposed
to take it like politics is he just
being political Italy and correct as a
comedian or she's just being a jackass I
think he's thoughtless I think there's a
big difference I mean there's there's no
question that I know where the line is
and I know how to walk up to it and
dance on the line and pull it back you
know if I cross the line it's very
deliberate I don't think that's the case
with President Donald Trump I genuinely
don't think he knows but one thing that
I do think is interesting about Donald
Trump because obviously you weren't a
big fan of his and in a lot of ways
still aren't and I was not at all during
the primaries in a lot of ways I'm still
not I think we're seeing a transition
with President Trump that you've seen
with a lot of young conservatives who we
reach I think he was a guy who gave to
Democrats for most of his life who
really just he was doing business in New
York I don't really think he was a
dyed-in-the-wool Democrat either no I
think he was whatever he needed to get
his latest structure with his name
emblazoned across it erected um and I
think what you're seeing now though is
he's come in he thought the left would
play ball a little bit and they've been
so vicious which we've known them to be
they've attacked his family personally
we're not just ok screw you and he's
becoming more conservative I think we're
seeing a genuine transition of him
becoming more right-wing kind of like I
hate to say but Evan easer Scrooge later
in life everyone can kind of be redeemed
I think we're seeing with President
Trump I do think there's some of that
but how do we deal with the fact that
he's my you're not toxic in the same way
to young people so young people watch
your show because they know you're a
comedy guy right they're willing to give
you the benefit of the doubt when you
say something that's offensive because
as you say you know what's offensive you
know it's not and if you're being
offensive it's generally being
deliberately offensive right for comedic
purposes President Trump just sort of
says things yeah and he's sort of in and
he's very toxic for young people I mean
there's no question you look at the
polls and among young people he's wildly
unpopular how do you how do we continue
to maintain lines or draw lines what do
you think we are doing here's one thing
else that he's unpopular in the sense
that a lot of your fans and my fans
probably aren't huge Trump supporters
that being said they do like that
someone has sort of thrown the gloves
off a little bit so I
it's important to look at how the
question is being framed you know kind
of looking to say oh and 90% of
Americans are pro-abortion but then when
you give him a cutoff for you show him a
fetal chart they got a fetal development
chart that changes right so I think with
Donald Trump if you were to ask me are
you a Donald Trump fan I'd probably
answer no but if you were to ask me do
you think that Donald Trump has done a
relatively good job as president I'd
probably say yes if you would ask me
your prop I think we would both agree on
this
culturally definitely he's opened the
door for conservatives to not be so
ashamed of what they are even though
he's not one of them
but I don't think Marco Rubio would have
done this I don't think even senator Ted
Cruz I don't think chris Christie
obviously would have gone after the
media in the same way that Donald Trump
has so I think even though this thing is
squeaking is this being caught up on
here is it okay totally fine all right
all right fine I'm just making sure this
I'm it's the replication it's not me I
just wanna make sure you're okay - its
no no no I'm making sure that people
know it's not me it's my point then this
is important for me it's not everything
is about you there you go you can hear
the squeak it's the check so I think
that's what's important about president
Donald Trump even I think even though
people may not like him I think a lot of
young people are happy to see the
burdens the shackles of political
correctness kind of be thrown off and he
has helped pave the way for
