Google Breitbart got ahold of and I'm
not sure how they did they got ahold of
tape from Google right after the
election and the tape from Google right
after the election is pretty telling
because remember all of these major
media companies have essentially
suggested there is no bias at these
companies now just because people at a
particular company are politically
biased does not mean that necessarily
their product is biased but when you are
talking about the art of coming up with
a search engine that benefit certain
results at the expense of other results
you do have to ask questions as to how
exactly those algorithms are created now
I have friends who work for Google and
these are folks who work hard every day
try and create algorithms that are more
responsive to market conditions but
there's no question that Google
manipulates its data on a pretty regular
basis they've done this for example with
regard to China where they've cut off
certain search results at the behest of
the government why couldn't Google do
that on behalf of various other
political causes the answer is they
certainly could and they have in the
past we reported here on this program I
think is based on a Washington Examiner
report if I'm not mistaken or a Daily
Caller report I can't remember I don't
want to miss attribute it there's
there's a report that Google had been
attaching fact checks from left-wing
sources to sources like Daily wire Daily
Caller Washington Examiner but it done
no such thing for sources on the Left
Google had to correct it so in other
words when you're creating an algorithm
it's garbage in garbage out if you start
with a particular premise and the
premise is politically biased you're
gonna end up with a result that is also
politically biased it's hard to think
that that's not what's been happening at
these major tech companies like Google
particularly in the aftermath of some of
the ridiculous things that are being
said at this particular meeting right
after the election so they held a
company-wide meeting of kind of top
executives and team leaders where
everybody vented about President Trump
and this tape finally broke over at
Breitbart the vice president for global
affairs Kent Walker went off on on
president Trump suggesting that Google
which their their their their slogan was
something like don't be evil but by be
evil they basically mean be conservative
here is them ripping into everyone who
voted for president Trump is the VP of
global affairs we do think that history
is on our side in a profound and an
important way I would say that the moral
arc of history is long but it bends
toward progress and out of progress
comes rising living standards and better
healthcare and ultimately the ability to
transcend those forces of tribalism yes
leads toward justice well it may be that
the internet and globalization were part
of the cause of this problem we were
also fundamentally an essential part of
the solution to this problem so you can
see the lamentation you'd see the
wailing and the gnashing of teeth people
rending their garments and putting sack
cloth and ashes on and it wasn't just
Kent Walker was also Sergey Brin who's
the co-founder of Google who said he was
deeply offended by president Trump's
election and all these people can have
their political point of view but if you
think this doesn't bleed into the
product it's very difficult to imagine
that and it's going to again underscore
the level of distrust conservatives have
for a lot of these major tech companies
as an immigrant and a refugee I
certainly find the selection deeply
offensive and I know many of you do too
and and I think it's a very stressful
time and it conflicts with many of our
values okay so yeah there he is Sergey
Brin basically saying that Google's
values have been overridden by President
Trump why would anybody on the right be
suspicious of how these tech companies
run their business and then this is the
best part this this nerd in the audience
gets up and starts talking about white
privilege while learning a backpack
which is always good.look and a bunch of
Google executives start applauding him
for talking about white privilege at a
company that is I believe universally
won by white people so here is here is
the the Google execs applauding Rando
for shouting about white privilege
speaking to white men there is an
opportunity for you right now to
understand your privilege in the society
take the opportunity to go through the
bias busting training read about
privilege read about the real history of
oppression in our country and tomorrow
night watch 13th the movie that is here
if you can't watch it here watch it on
Netflix discuss the issues you are
passionate about during Thanksgiving
dinner and don't back down and laugh it
off when you hear the voice of
oppression speak through metaphors and I
promise to do this
Wow so much caring so much harrowing I
mean just look at the heroism on that
stage these are the same people who
caved under knuckled under to the
Chinese government when the Chinese
government was trying to foster turn in
own country by preventing certain search
results look at that I mean we have to
fight white privilege in the United
States say a bunch of white guys on the
stage just really really amazing stuff
from Google
