as you could see I am broadcasting live
from the surface of the Sun because of
the brightness I don't know why it's so
bright actually it's raining outside so
I'm not sure why it looks like this
actually this is a it's a big moment
though this is my I believe this is my
100th episode so it's a huge milestone
not just in my own life but also I think
in the history of the world it's a it's
a it's a huge moment and in celebration
I will in celebration I will now issue
forth one celebratory honk of my horn
this is very exciting ok are you ready
for this
it's a bits this is huge I can't well I
got ya because my car is off so I can't
the horn doesn't work because my my cars
this is very sad isn't it this is
pitiful my my one pathetic celebration I
can't even do because the car is off
it's it's it's a very set michael knoll
celebrated his 200th episode recently
and i think that you know they they
threw like a parade for him and he rode
on a golden chariot attached to it to an
elephant
down the street I believe and Here I am
in my car in the rain with a broken horn
shouting into my webcam that's my
celebration it's let's just move past it
now I'd like to turn your attention to a
to a story and I would read a little bit
others to you it's um this is in the
hill the headline is planned parenthood
launches largest ground game in its
history it says Planned Parenthood's
political arm is launching a massive
effort to reach millions of voters in
order to unseat Republicans at the state
and federal levels Kelly Robinson
national organizing director for Planned
Parenthood Federation of America says
Planned Parenthood votes is launching
its largest ground game ever to turnout
voters and educate them about what's at
stake we'll knock on more doors and
reach more voters than ever before in a
midterm cycle Planned Parenthood and
Anna's partners say that it plans to
reach 4.5 million voters before Election
Day through advertising door-knocking
and other means this is this ground
campaign is in addition to the twenty
million dollar ad campaign that the
organization announced in March
the fact that Planned Parenthood is
spending tens of millions of dollars to
help Democrats get elected is that's
that's nothing new they've been doing
that for a very long time but there is
something different this time around
something is a little bit different
because actually the Republican Party is
funding the effort the Republican Party
is funding the effort to unseat
themselves okay just if you're wondering
about how smart the Republican Party is
there you go the Republican Party which
I should remind you has been in control
of the government for two years that
Republican Party is funding Planned
Parenthood and thus funding this effort
to destroy them
but I you know more importantly they are
funding also an effort to destroy babies
the the government is continuing to hand
hundreds of millions of dollars a year
to a company that executes over 300
thousand babies a year I feel like I
should I should repeat that figure just
so just just for emphasis the Republican
part of the Planned Parenthood sorry I
get them confused now because they seem
very similar Planned Parenthood aborts
over three hundred thousand babies every
year and this is from they claim oh well
abortion is only three percent of what
we do which is a total lie by the tits a
completely made-up statistic it's an
absolute total complete lie but it also
doesn't even matter because whatever
percentage of the overall thing it is
makes no difference the fact remains we
can look at the raw numbers and see they
kill 300,000 human beings a year
you
so the idea that I mean does anyone
would anyone look at Jeffrey Dahmer and
say and say well yeah I mean but serial
killing that was only like 5% of what he
did I mean on a daily basis it was only
part about 1% no we don't we don't look
at that we don't we don't we don't look
at the Nazi Party and say well the
Holocaust was only like 30 percent of
what they did overall let me think about
everything else they did I mean it was
really only because all that really
matters is is is the fact that they are
murdering people right but the
Republican Party and as they are in
charge of the government and have not
only not only have they have they
refrained from cutting off this taxpayer
pipeline to this murderous organization
they've actually taken active measures
to prevent the severing of that pipeline
and for that reason it must be said that
the Republican Party is funding Planned
Parenthood the Republican Party is
taking money out of your pocket and
putting it into the blood-soaked hands
of baby killers this is not just a
Democrat initiative anymore this is a
Republican initiative and this is you
know
this is more than just cowardice
because they're the cowardice of the
Republican Party gets a lot of attention
we all know that the Republicans are a
bunch of cowards and so you know that
that's true but they're also idiots and
I think that the idiocy of the GOP
should get its due as well here that the
Republicans are funding the Democrat
Party while they fund abortions
because Planned Parenthood despite being
a tax a publicly subsidized organization
is somehow allowed to funnel millions of
dollars back into the coffers of
Democrat campaigns so for in the past
when it wouldn't had been the Democrats
in charge of this what the Democrats
which is a great deal for the Democrats
because what they could do is they could
take money from you give it to Planned
Parenthood and then Planned Parenthood
would wash it and give it back to them a
big great deal right
I mean it's I don't see how it could
possibly be legal but it is a is a great
deal the Republicans had a chance to
have had many chances to put an end to
this money laundering operation but they
chose not to it's it's incredible well
it's not incredible that's what makes it
incredible what's incredible is that
it's not incredible it's incredible that
Republicans could be so inept so stupid
so spineless so gutless
so oblivious so clueless and yet they
could be all of those things to such a
degree unsurprisingly now it is true
that some Trump did partially defund
Planned Parenthood a few months ago the
by by changing a few of the Health and
Human Services rules Planned Parenthood
will now be deprived of like 50 million
dollars a year in tax funding and that's
fine that's good nice but that's not
even a drop in the bucket because it
still leaves half a billion dollars a
year that Planned Parenthood will
receive before it was 550 million now
it's just five hundred million dollars
five hundred million dollars of tax
money a year goes to Planned Parenthood
we gave Republicans total control of the
government and they have not even
managed to put a stop to this
they haven't even managed to put a stop
to the insanely unethical practice of
funding abortion conglomerates which
which should have been square one they
should have got that done in the first
week on the first day
you know if they really are a pro-life
organization think about it the
Republicans they claim to be pro-life
Pro small government and pro financial
responsibility well they would only need
to be one of those things to defund
Planned Parenthood if they were just one
of them they would have gotten it done
in the first week yet they claim to be
all three of those things they claim
that those three things are their
guiding principles and yet they have
provided us no evidence whatsoever to to
prove that by the way let me just
address one thing briefly here because
this is what's always said any time we
talked about Planned Parenthood funding
you know or funding Planned Parenthood
the defenders of the of the baby killers
will argue that well you know taxpayers
aren't actually funding abortions and
they're not really funding the political
campaigns because the tax money doesn't
go towards those things you see that's
the arc and that argument is about as
credible as the well it's only three
percent of what they do
I guess but both of those arguments are
not only false but irrelevant that even
if they were true we wouldn't make a
difference but they're not true and the
thing is to even to even begin to accept
that argument
we'd have to trust Planned Parenthood
okay because Planned Parenthood they're
the ones telling us that they're not
using any of this money for these other
things can we trust them no because
Planned Parenthood is run by filthy
disgusting hideous liars and we can't
trust anything they say and certainly
any attempts to regulate them or
investigate them or check up on them
those are always rebuffed abortion is
the least regulated industry since
slavery so it's hard to know if anything
they say is true but in any case it
doesn't matter it doesn't matter because
money is fungible
so if I'm doing two things a and B and
you give me money for a but not for B
you've obviously financed both
okay because the original money that I
had before you help me out that would
have been split between the two but now
that can all that money can go entirely
to be because you've taken care of a
that's that's what it means for money to
be fungible I'll show you what I mean
okay let's say that some just by way by
way of example let's say that that that
I want to go on an expedition to
Antarctica to Club baby seals to death
let's say that's and that's the main
thing I want to do down there is I just
want to go to an article Antarctica find
a bunch of baby seals and beat them to
death that's what I want to do okay but
let's also say that while I'm there I'm
gonna feed penguins as well you know
I'll do that also you know now let's say
that I only have a certain amount of
money to spend on this humanitarian
mission I don't have enough money to do
both things
right now I can't I can't find the
answer as it stands I cannot finance
both the seal clubbing and the penguin
feeding then let's say that you come by
and you announce plans to give me a
large sum of cash but only for the
penguin feeding because you very much
disapprove of the seal clubbing
now thanks to you all of my own supply
of money can go towards beating baby
seals to death since you're taking care
of the other half so so even though you
made this even though you gave me all
this money and you said now that I don't
want to I don't want one penny of that
to go towards beating seals now I know
I'm giving money to someone who's gonna
go who I'm giving money to a person
who's gonna go beat baby's heels but you
better not may use any of that of that
money for effort for that do it for you
use this money for the other thing even
though I said that or even though you
said that you still have funded both
things now of course that's ridiculous
though because you would never give me
money for a trip to Antarctica if you
knew that I'd be spending a large
portion a large portion of my trip
murdering baby seals
and if you refused to give me any money
and and then I said well you must hate
penguins then the Penguins are gonna
starve you're telling me you don't want
to fund the feeding of penguins what's
wrong with you well then you would
simply point out that there are many
other ways to support the penguin
population without funding an expedition
whose primary purpose is to murder baby
seals that's what you would say
you
but the economics here are still the
same if you give me money for one you
give me money for both
so just like if you if you you know it's
if you pee in one side of the pool you
have peed in both sides of the pool
because that's how it that's how water
works and that's how money works so we
are financing abortions we're financing
a lot of them that's the reality your
tax money goes towards killing children
it's that simple
there's no way around
so anyone who defends the subsidizing of
Planned Parenthood they should at least
defend it honestly
and so our money not only goes towards
killing children but it also goes
towards funding the Democrat Party which
means that the Republican Party is is is
not only subsidizing the killing of
children but they are subsidizing the
political campaigns of their opponents
which means that the Republican Party's
continued funding of the abortion
industry is the greatest act of not only
political cowardice and betrayal but the
greatest act of political stupidity that
I think we've ever seen in our lifetimes
but what else can you really expect from
such a collection of empty suits liars
and pushovers which is what the
Republican Party is and I'll leave it
there thanks everybody for watching
thanks for listening Godspeed
you
