all right so let's want to say a few
things about this Colin Kapernick
situation as as you as you know I'm sure
Colin Kaepernick is the new face of Nike
and they're believed in something even
if it means sacrificing everything
campaigned very inspiring very inspiring
stuff way that is the tagline right yeah
believe in something yeah that's the
tagline the the new commercial wasn't
bailed
I believe it officially debuts today as
a matter of fact but there was a sneak
peek a sneak peek of the commercial came
out yesterday and it's so the commercial
is is Kaepernick narrating over images
of various athletes doing doing
legitimately courageous things like
there's one there's an athlete who's
overcame a brain tumor another who
became a wrestler even though he doesn't
have legs and then the camera cuts back
to Colin Kaepernick and Kaepernick is
actually smothering a bald eagle with a
burning American flag and so I was that
was a little bit provocative
but not surprised no actually Kaepernick
he just says a bunch of generically
inspiring cliches about following your
dreams and so forth and then the lat the
last line of the commercial it was the
last line of the commercial is so don't
ask if your dreams are crazy ask if
they're crazy enough which is one of
those lines that I mean I guess it
sounds inspiring it doesn't mean
anything ask if your dreams are crazy
enough like that's that's supposed to be
your driving the the philosophy that
drives your life so I know that dreams
not crazy enough no I need crazier
dreams yeah is that what you would tell
your kids yeah your kid says to you you
know I want to be a doctor no it's not
crazy enough you need to come back here
with crazier dreams okay I want really
crazy dude okay I want to fly to Mars
there you go that should be your goal
flying tomorrow now that's a crazy dream
go chase it um anyway it's all pretty
pretty innocuous the commercial is
innocuous and in fact I find Kaepernick
himself to be in general a pretty
innocuous character I'm just not I am
not naturally filled with the kind of
blind rage about Colin Kaepernick that a
lot of other conservatives seem to be
filled I never have been I I haven't
been able to generate the anger
especially the sustained anger that so
many conservatives have about Colin
Kaepernick three years later there so
still so angry at this guy i I couldn't
I I mean listen and that tells you
something because if I'm not able to
stay angry at about Colin Kaepernick I
don't know how anyone else can
because usually staying angry it's one
of the skills that I have I do think
it's it's kind of amazing that we're
still talking about this three years
later and it seems to be it's part of
this trend that I pointed out before
where both sides of the political divide
they seem to kind of pick out stars the
Stars and the spokesman for the other
side so the right made stars out of
David hog Alexandria Kaiser Cortez Colin
Kaepernick and then the left made a
president out of Donald Trump and they
both accomplished that for the other
side by being utterly complete
obsessed with these people like
conservatives are obsessed with
Alexandria okay Joker says I mean easily
90% of the coverage that I see and read
about this woman comes from
conservatives the same thing with David
hog and it's definitely the same thing
with Colin Kaepernick um the
conservatives are obsessed with these
people to kid they just can't give him
that get him out of their head and the
same thing on the other end happen and
it's happened with other things with
leftist but obviously the biggest
example is Donald Trump Donald Trump
came on the scene and liberals just
obsessed with the guy liberal media
obsessed with him and he became
president um which I think it's an
interesting phenomenon and maybe not a
good strategy maybe a better strategy
like if you're on the right and there's
somebody on the left that you think is
really stupid ridiculous shallow
inconsequential irrelevant all of these
things maybe the best thing is to treat
them that way and to ignore them
and then you'll root you'll stop hearing
about them
maybe that but maybe that would be the
best strategy
it certainly with colin kaepernick if
conservatives had just ignored for the
most part this you know his uh his
protest of the national anthem if they
had just I mean yeah maybe not
completely ignore it but when it first
had happened when it first happened if
they had said well that I disagree with
that it's silly it's stupid it's
disrespectful make your point and then
move on and if the guy decides he wants
to sit for the rest of season whatever
its if he wants to do that but it's it's
just one guy right and for so long with
with the national anthem protest it was
only at it was Colin Kaepernick it was a
few other guys it was just a few guys
doing it it only became this huge
enormous thing and even then it was only
that for a few weeks where you had a lot
of players doing it but that only
happened after Donald Trump decided to
purposely resurrect the issue which had
basically died and then heading into the
2017 season he decided to bring it back
up again
and that's when it turned into this big
thing and even then it only lasted it
only like it only it only was like that
for a couple of weeks
if we had not done that
and we had just treated the protest as
the silly childish thing that it was
then it would it would have died away in
a few weeks and here would be three
years later
nobody would be talking about Colin
Kaepernick no one would even remember
him and and everyone will be better off
I think as for the boycott of of Nike
which is going on right now yeah to me
the the I'm not a big fan of our boycott
culture and this Nike boycott seems to
kind of perfectly encapsulate the
shallow virtue signaling character of
our boycott culture and that isn't now
don't get me wrong there are plenty of
really legitimate good reasons to
boycott Nike let's start with the fact
let's summer that well some earthy with
the here's the reason why I have always
boycotted them or have mostly boycotted
them I don't have like if I wanted to
burn my my Nike merchandise which I
wouldn't do anyway because that's
completely stupid and wasteful and if
you don't want to have your Nike
merchandise any more than what you could
do is give it to a person who's poor and
needs some clothing rather than burning
your $100 shoes maybe give them to
someone I mean you could go to pretty
much any City and find the homeless
person on the street who doesn't have
shoes maybe give him the shoes just a
thought
anyway I don't really have any Nike
merchandise to burnt and the reason for
that I'll made it's it's because that
stuff it's ridiculously expensive like
I'm not gonna pay a premium to have a
little check mark on my shoes I'm just
not gonna pay that right I could go I
mean there's really unless you're an
athlete there's no reason to spend more
than 30 or 40 bucks on a pair of
sneakers if you're going and spend 120
dollars on sneakers because they have a
check mark on them I think that's pretty
ridiculous so I was boycotting them for
that reason it's more of a kind of
practical utilitarian reason another
good reason to boycott them is that
they've used sweatshops they have
manufactured this ridiculously
overpriced merchandise on the backs of
child slaves it's a pretty good reason
not to purchase from them and that
problem has not completely gone away
there be there's a report recently last
year that the company's workers in some
countries still are dealing with the
denial of wages sweltering heat well
over 90 degrees in the factories unsafe
conditions physical abuse and other
problems as well so that that's a very
sound basis for a boycott any time a
company is doing something that actually
hurts people they deserve to be
boycotted right yet
knowing about Nikes history with
sweatshops and I look I'm sorry I don't
buy I know they're I made this point a
few days ago and some people said well I
didn't know that Nike had a history of
sweatshops come on so cause been common
knowledge for decades you really didn't
know that I find that hard to believe I
think most of us understood that it had
that history we also understand that
Nike sells its merchandise you know has
an unjustifiably high price for us
merchandise yet knowing all that the
current boycotters
if they really are boycotters that is
people who have been consistent
customers of Nike and now no longer will
be that's what a boycott is if you're
boycotting Nike but you're like me and
you never really bought Nike anyway well
that's not a boycott you're just
continuing along what you were already
doing right but if they really are
boycotters and that means that the
boycotters gave their support to Nike in
spite of the sweatshop problem in spite
of the of the fact that the stuff is
ridiculously high-priced still gave
their support to Nike and now have only
exploded in fury and sworn off the
company because they saw a marketing
poster they didn't like I you know that
would seem to raise a question about
whether the boycott is really a campaign
for seeking justice or if it's just
another you know virtue signaling kind
of mob to join just another thing to do
another outrage to be a part of which
which I think well with so many boycotts
that's really what it's all about
I don't think it's necessary or wise to
boycott every company that fails to
perfectly represent our political and
ideological views I don't think we need
to do that I think we should boycott
companies who do harmful things and evil
things companies like that should be
boycotted you could make a solid
argument that Nike falls into that
category but you could have made that
argument for the last like 30 years and
if you never made that argument before
and now you're suddenly making it I
think it's a fair question to ask why
what changed
all that said I'll tell you what doesn't
me about the Nike campaign and in
general the reception that Kaepernick
has gotten on the left all right so I've
already told you what annoys me about
how the right has approached Kaepernick
so let me let go over to the left now
what annoys me the most is
cheapening of heroism this attempt to
make Kaepernick into some kind of heroic
figure some kind of martyr yeah I mean
it's it's ridiculous because he isn't
that we're told down Nikes telling us he
sacrificed everything right sacrificed
everything which is quite a statement
and if you're telling me he sacrificed
everything then I we know he didn't
sacrifice everything so it's at least
hyperbole but if you're telling me that
that I should be able to look at least
one thing that he did sacrifice he
didn't sacrifice everything did he at
least sacrifice something I don't think
he did I mean let's let's look at this
for a moment he was a quarterback who
was you know had been on the on the
decline in his career although it was
mostly you know the last season he
played in the league there was a little
but there's a little bit of an uptick in
his production but generally speaking
you know Kaepernick there was about half
of one season where Kaepernick was
getting all this hype as he was the Nick
who's the next big thing in the NFL this
this transformational quarterback and
all of that to died off very quickly and
he hit his peak and plummeted but that
was his trajectory and kind of is at his
peak went to the Super Bowl he lost and
he plummeted from there now he was at
best a second string quarterback Talent
once he left San Francisco after
choosing to opt out of his contract by
the way so he chose to opt out of his
contract after the whole protest thing
then I chopped it out of his contract he
decided to be a free agent and then he
didn't end up on any other teams now if
this protest had not happened he
probably would have ended up on some
team probably on the bench somewhere or
potentially vying for a starting job in
like Buffalo or Cleveland or something
like that and he would have made it
would have maybe gotten three or four
years out of his career that way in
mediocrity
you know either maybe three four or five
years of riding the bench or of kind of
being on the quarterback carousel and
one of these markets like Buffalo or
Cleveland and then he would have retired
and he would have been basically
basically forgotten instead so that that
that was the trajectory that he
sacrificed instead though he does this
protest
and now it's true that almost certainly
part of the reason why he couldn't find
another job in the NFL was because of
the protests he's not he was not a top
ten quarterback Talent but he was at
least a top 30 or 35 Talent which means
that all things being equal he would
have found a job somewhere on a roster
somewhere but all things were not equal
because teams are just not willing to
take on the distraction the attention
the hysteria for the sake of a second
string quarterback I mean if you're
going to as an athlete if you're gonna
bring all of that hysteria to a team
you better have enough talent to
compensate Alan Europe you have to be an
absolute star to compensate for that and
he's just not that he doesn't have an he
didn't have enough talent to compensate
for the distraction that he would bring
so um teams passed on him logically
which is it's not the first example of
that happening the same thing happened
to Tim Tebow Tim Tebow who never I mean
although there were people who were
offended by Tim Tebow for some
ridiculous reason there there was never
any reason to be offended by the guy
yeah Tim Tebow like to Neil also but he
didn't Neil during the anthem you know
Neil on the sidelines or at celebrating
a touchdown or something like that Tim
Tebow's big big sin was that he was a
devout Christian and he was known for
his Christian faith but the bigger
problem for teams with Tim Tebow is just
that he you know he became this this
star who kind of transcended the sport
itself and people loved him for reasons
that it very little to do with with
football so he just had a ton of
attention on him yet he didn't have the
talent to necessarily be a starting
quarterback in the NFL consistently so
team said to themselves well we're not
you know we're gonna bring this guy in
put him on the bench and then we're
gonna all this attention on this one guy
who's sitting on the bench and it's just
a distraction so team said you know we
don't we don't want that and so that's
why Tebow had trouble finding other jobs
in the NFL there are plenty of examples
that Dez Bryant is a you know was one of
the one of the best wide receivers in
the
Ami's on the decline right now front you
know after after leaving the Cowboys he
still hasn't found a job on another on
another team because of all the
attackers now he's very different from
team Tim Tebow but he's a divisive kind
of diva like character and and there's a
lot of just distraction and it's just a
distraction and teams are not willing
they don't want to have that distraction
on their roster especially for a guy who
can't compensate for the distraction by
being an all-star talent so that's um
that's what happened to Kaepernick and
in fact there were reports that there
were a couple of there at least one team
that was looking at Kaepernick as being
possibly a second string quarterback he
turned down that offer he also turned
down offers to play for the the CFL the
Canadian Football League so this is not
someone who's desperate to go and play
football somewhere
comparing again to Tim Tebow so he tried
desperately to get on FL NFL roster and
stay on one he couldn't and so then he
goes he plays baseball I mean this is a
guy who just wants to play a sport you
supposed to play ball this is really
what he wants to do and so he'll take
any opportunity you can get Kaepernick
has not done that it seems like
Kaepernick is not it's just not a
ballplayer he's not interested in
playing ball he's more interested in in
being a kind of you know being this
Savior figure that he has turned himself
into so he chose to sacrifice three or
four years of bench-warming or possibly
starting for some mid-market team and in
exchange he has international fame
accolades from the media a lucrative
sponsorship deal and other things and
that's a heck of a nice trade I would
say I mean I would take that trade
wouldn't you and that's why this isn't
martyrdom okay this isn't heroism
Kaepernick is neither a hero nor some
sort of great historic villain he's just
a guy who expressed his opinion and he
was punished for it but he was also
massively rewarded for it and the reward
I think way outweighs the punishment and
so that's all but that's not that's not
sacrifice and that's not heroism that's
a lot of different things that's it I
think among other things it's also a
calculation on his part where he had to
choose do I really want to try to stay
in a league and and play football or do
I want to go in and you know make it and
do this and have this be my brand and
build on that brand as the socially
conscious you know warrior for racial
equality kind of thing and he chose that
that path and it's paid off for pretty
well it seems like our culture you know
in our culture we are just desperate for
Heroes we're desperate for people to
look up to and so we select guys like
Colin Kaepernick and on the other end as
part of this overall seeking of identity
we're also desperate for easy villains
that we can hate and so we also select
guys like Colin Kaepernick so I think
that's where this comes from that that's
why even though Colin Kaepernick is just
some quarterback who was on his way into
relative NFL obscurity yet he kneels for
the anthem a couple times and he becomes
this massive figure that we're talking
about for three years and why is that
it's just because it became this really
he became this really easy unchallenging
kind of mascot for both sides so on one
side they were able to take him and turn
him into some kind of hero on the other
side they could turn him into a villain
and it's easy it's unchallenging and on
both ends it's just ridiculous because
he's neither of those things he's a guy
with an opinion who made a decision and
a calculation paid off well for him
that's all alright
and yet here I am talking about him as
well so I'm part of the problem never
claimed not to be so thanks for watching
everybody thanks for listening Godspeed
