the first day of judge Brett Kavanaugh
Supreme Court confirmation hearing
provided Americans a chance to hear
arguments from Republicans and Democrats
alike on the Republican side senator
Orrin Hatch but for the view that
Kavanagh is a constitutional originalist
who would judge each case according to
its legal merits on the Democrat side
Senator Dianne Feinstein's said her hair
on fire and ran around in circles making
a squawking noise like a scalded chicken
before she threw her skirt over her face
and sobbed violently until she exploded
hurling gory fragments of herself in all
directions on the Republican side
Senator Chuck Grassley said Kavanagh
would help leave the judiciary away from
a legislative role and thus return the
country to the rule of law on the
Democrat side a mob of villagers wearing
Tyrolean hats and carrying torches
stormed the Capitol screaming give us
the monster while senator Kamala Harris
stood above them on a rock shouting fly
fly my evil ones and unleash your
hellish rage against those who would
destroy your satanic right to tear their
children from your wombs
and sell their body parts for cash after
which senator Harris transformed herself
into an enormous lizard-like creature
with leathery wings and flew up into the
air clutching the souls of the
unbaptized in her dripping fangs which
insiders say may provide an early clue
to the 2020 Democratic presidential
platform on the Republican side Senator
John Cornyn began to remark that court
appointments should not be subject to
mob rule but never finish the sentence
because Democrat Senator Cory Booker
clutched him by the throat
screaming everyone who does not agree
with me must die before he was finally
brought down by Capitol Police firing
silver bullets from a pistol blessed by
a gypsy woman
the hearings continue today with
Republicans filing a written statement
declaring Kavanagh to be qualified and
Democrats filing a wordless shriek of
anguish that echoed up from beneath the
Senate floor and died away to
nothingness in the shocked silence that
followed your government at work trigger
warning this is the Andrew Clavin show
all right it's mailbag day and you know
what that means you are just mere
minutes oh my god and people are
screaming and dying in this oh no sighs
just Lyndsey welcome email back day and
yes you know that it means you are only
about 20-25 minutes away from having all
your problems solved all your questions
answered by if you want to watch it you
got to be here at the daily wired.com
and subscribing for a lousy 10 bucks a
month or for a hundred bucks a year you
get the leftist tears tumblr plus you
get to be in the mail bag yourself where
you can leave questions before they come
and fetch you out of the mail bag and
send you home and you know if you don't
do that you're gonna just have to hope
that somebody else asks the question
that you wanted to ask which is unlikely
unless he happens to be dating your
girlfriend which he may be in which case
you want to write me about that so
anyway that's all kinds of reasons to
subscribe to the daily wire that is only
one of them but I know what you're
thinking you're thinking where did you
get that tremendous head of hair and the
answer is Hair Club all right I'm
kidding I don't have any hair do you
want to look like this of course you
don't of course not you want to hold on
to your hair or fix the baldness you've
got and Hair Club understands what
you're going through they understand
what you're feeling you know the
questions you have there's a leader in
total hair solutions with a legacy of
success for over 40 years and whether
you're looking to revitalize the growth
of your own hair or to learn more about
the latest proven methods for hair
replacement or restoration hair clubs
professionally trained stylist hair
health experts and consultants will
craft a personalized solution to ensure
you feel your best and get the most out
of your hair go to hair club comm slash
clayvin today for a free hair analysis
and a free take-home air kit all valued
over three hundred dollars that's hair
club comm slash clayvin for a free hair
analysis and free hair care kit
experience your hair and your life at
its best only with air club I am certain
you'll love the club don't let this
happen to you but you do want to know
how to spell Clavin so you can get the
deal is que la vie a not all of us not
all of us can carry this with the
panache that I carry yeah around here at
the Daily wire where we love our ben
shapiro we like to say that facts don't
care about your feelings but one of the
things i always add because i'm coming
at this from a different point of view
than ben is that feelings are also a
fact especially in a democracy but
really in your own life in any kind of
government the way people are feeling
their mood counts for everything just
check this with your own life and yeah
you know I remember mice myself Oh got
back in the 90s I wrote a book a novel
that was very important to me and it was
very different from the usual stuff I do
which is crime stories and kind of genre
stories this was not a genre book it was
a very personal book and I wrote it and
I couldn't sell it in America I sold it
in Britain but I couldn't sell it in
America and it broke my heart it was
just a genuinely heartbreaking
experience while that happened when my
heart was broken the world seemed to me
a very dark place now because I'm an
artist I understood because this is what
novelists know what novelists know is
your life is never quite rational they
you think you're being rational but your
feelings and your experience and your
upbringing they all play into the your
mood and to into your philosophy while I
was in this dark place the world seemed
to me like a dark place and I remember
saying to my wife you know I know this
is just me I know everything is fine
you know they've know the world is
ticking along as it usually is but
everything just looks terrible it looks
like the culture is collapsing it looks
like politics are going bad and it's all
because I couldn't sell this book and I
feel bad and anyone who's ever
experienced as most of us have some kind
of setback ill health or the ill health
of someone you love or one of your
children having problems or losing a job
or missing a promotion anything like
that that just puts you in a lousy mood
you suddenly feel - you don't think to
yourself oh I am in a lousy mood but you
think is everything is bad everything is
bad and this is one of the reasons I
hammer so much at the culture because I
know what the new
the dishonest news people at NBC like
guys like Chuck Todd the Dennis
dishonours news people at CNN guys like
Don Lemon and Cuomo you know all these
people who are selling you crisis
they're selling you panic they're
selling you the fact that I did oh
everything is terrible they're they're
not they don't have to win each time
they don't have to sell you each story
their stories can be debunked like the
recent lanny davis story the CNN doesn't
even have to retract it they just go on
to the next slide the next panicky story
because they're trying to affect a
general mood they're trying to give you
the feeling that something is terribly
wrong and when you think about it
nothing's terribly wrong things are the
only things are really are tickety-boo
things are going pretty well you know
economy's ticking away
Isis has gone judges of better
regulations better the business world is
feeling pretty good about Donald Trump
everything is fine except except the
news everything is fine except the news
so the other day there was a pre-release
of Bob Woodward's new book about Donald
Trump with the subtle you know graceful
title fear that's a you have to read it
isn't it's not just the word is that you
have to read in that too it's fair by
Bob Woodward oh stop that's going on
behind the scenes says Woodward and
we'll talk about that in a minute
says weird in the Trump administration
so I'll read you just a couple of them I
think this is from the Boston Globe it's
their list but the state list is the
same everywhere
after a January National Security
Council meeting in which North Korea was
discussed defense secretary Jim mattis
told close associates the president
acted like and had the understanding of
a fifth or sixth grader now mattis I'm
not sure he disavowed that particular
quote but he is called the whole thing
fiction he says the book is fiction so
he denies White House chief of staff
John F Kennedy
that he thought the president was
unhinged in one meeting Kelley said to
Trump said of Trump he's an idiot it's
pointless to try to convince him of
anything he's gone off the rails
we're in crazy town I don't even know
why any of us are here this is the worst
job I've ever had
Kelley also he issued a statement saying
the idea I ever called the president an
idiot is not true as I stated back in
May and still firmly stand behind I
spell
more time with the president than anyone
else and we have an incredibly candid
and strong relationship he always knows
where I stand and he and I both know
this story is total BS and by the way
even Ann Coulter got into a 4-letter you
know shouting match with the president
he's an abstruse guy he surrounded
himself with macho men I'm sure they
have lots of screaming arguments but
anyway this is the story I'm just giving
you what what Woodward is writing Trump
was vicious in his remarks about
Attorney General Jeff Sessions saying
he's at what at one point to an aide
this guy's mentally retarded retarded
he's this dumb southerner he couldn't
even be a 1 / Sikh person the country
lawyer down in Alabama Trump says he
never said it he loves southerners never
said those words Trump called maddis
saying he wanted to assassinate the
Syrian leader Bashar al-assad I'm not
sure why that's bad but apparently he
said after Assad launched a chemical
attack on civilians in April 2017 Trump
said let's kill the bloody lot of them
and mattis hung up and told the senior
aide we're not going to do any of that
we're going to be much more measured
that that makes perfect sense to me I
mean there's a chemical attack Trump
blows up and mattis's he'll calm down
and we're not gonna do anything
senior aides conspired to remove
official papers from Trump's desk so he
couldn't see or sign them in one case an
aide prepared a letter withdrawing the
United States from NAFTA Cohn told the
aide I can stop this I'll just take the
paper off his desk the United States
remains in NAFTA though it's
renegotiating new terms with Canada in
Mexico I don't believe that story that
story's not true I do not believe
somebody took a page off the president's
desk to keep him from signing if that is
a garbage story that's the kind of story
you might say to a reporter you might
brag about but it didn't happen I would
bet money that that didn't happen people
you know one of the things about these
things I'll talk more about Woodward and
his sources in a minute but one of the
things about this is like there's always
an underling who says the boss is an
idiot all underlings think the boss is
an idiot there's always an underling
he's gonna blow things up there's gonna
be people who were dissatisfied it's
always somebody who just wants to be
quoted in a Bob Woodward book and all
this stuff so a story like that I don't
know I just that just really smells to
me that's I've I've heard all kinds of
people brag all kinds of things and
especially in the movie business you
hear people I told him and I told him
this I backed him into a corner baloney
John Dowd then Trump's personal attorney
staged a practice session to see if
Trump would commit perjury if you were
questioned by Special Counsel Robert
Muller doubt Peppard Trump with
questions and elicited stumbles
contradictions and lies in a meeting
with Muller Dowd talked about the
session and explained to Muller why he
was trying to keep the president from
testifying I'm not going to sit there
and let him look like an idiot Matt and
that's probably true let's get let's
just play Sarah Sanders reaction to this
obviously Trump is disavowed the entire
thing look he may have hundreds of hours
of tapes but I think most of those
probably come from some disgruntled
former employees it's a lot of anonymous
sources what I can tell you is I've
worked alongside the president under the
president for the last three years I was
part of his campaign I've been part of
the administration since day one and I
can tell you that the president
everything so far that I've seen out of
this book doesn't depict what's going on
in the building behind me the president
laid out an agenda a clearly during the
campaign and since day one of taking
office he's delivering on that agenda
every single day you can't have the type
of success that this president has had
if what that book says is true you have
people like general mattis general Kelly
two American heroes come out and call
the book pure fiction
I would certainly rather take the word
of those two individuals than a couple
of disgruntled former employees that are
anonymously attacking this president
trying to make him look bad for no other
reason I guess then to build themselves
up now you know Stephanopoulos was about
to say it breaks into her and says you
know oh this is only one of many books
but the other books have been completely
discredited Michael Wolf's book and
amaurosis book I mean who believes this
stuff but but Woodward is a different
guy now what would the briefed on
Woodward is always this that whoever he
talks to him gets to tell the story so
in other words if you're his source you
get to tell the story he does not go to
five other people and and then report
all the different things that they say
if he gets contact with you if he has
access to you you are going to get to
effect the book and Woodward says he
tried to contact Trump Trump says he
never heard about it here's a
conversation they had on the phone which
Woodward recorded with Trump's from her
permission
no it's a tough look at the world and
your administration and you right well I
assume that means it's going to be a
negative book but you know I'm some
episode of 50 percent used to that
that's all right some are good and some
of that sounds like it's gonna be a bad
one it's a chance missed and I don't
know how things work over there and turn
very well well if you would call
Madeleine in my office did you speak to
Madeline no I didn't but Madeline is the
key she is the secret because she's
arrived she's the person to kill yeah a
lot of them afraid to come and talk or
you know they are busy I'm busy but I
don't mind talking to you I would have
spoken just booked you 20 years ago I
spoke to you a year and a half or two
years ago and I certainly don't mind
talking to you and I wish I could have
spoken to you well but you know you but
nobody called my office you need to know
I made maximum effort alright it's too
bad I'm just hearing about it and I
heard I did hear from Lindsay but I'm
just hearing about it so we're gonna
have a very inaccurate book and that's
too bad but I don't blame you entirely
okay well accurate is that nobody has
ever done a better job than I'm doing as
president there's Trump standing up for
himself and at least the two at least
they're talking you know to each other
so that's a good thing but but here's
the thing you know I what word is a I
don't think he makes stuff up I don't
think you know he's been accused of all
kinds of things but nobody likes it when
you report stuff like this and but this
does not mean it's accurate all I'm
saying is the person who talks the word
word gets to tell his story that is the
briefing on him and always has been do
not listen do not listen to this garbage
from the left which you will now hear
about he's a legend he's a legend
Watergate he's a legend because he
brought out books about Obama too and
when he did that the left went nuts
remember he said what did he say he said
Obama has no plan to deal with the war
on terror
he said Obama has said said things like
oh we can sustain a terrorist attack if
we have to he said an Obama aid he never
used the word word word never used the
word that he threatened him but he said
you will regret going up against us I
think
and the left went nuts David Plouffe
former Obama campaign manager claimed
that watching Woodward was like
imagining my idol Mike Schmidt facing
live pitching again in other words he'd
lost his stuff former LA Times reporter
Steve Weinstein said Woodward is senile
Politico White House reporter Glen
thrush wondered if Woodward was humped
up his book sales he was trying to hump
up his book sales from geo peers a
Woodward does duty with the phony
outrage machine was a Huffington Post
headline they went after him they said
he had disgraced himself
I remember this vividly that suddenly
the fact that Woodward was reporting
harshly on Obama and he really did
report harshly he said the guy really
didn't know what he was doing
suddenly Woodward was trashed now he's a
hero again because he's after Trump you
know all of this speaks well of Woodward
except that I really do feel that you
know here's the thing let's see let's
say it's all true let's say they're
people back there in a call and Trump an
idiot and they're throwing things
they're stealing papers off his desk
it's working great the country is in
great shape the economy is great you
know we're peace it's like the judges
point a point so great the regulations
are good even some of these trade deals
are beginning I still have my doubts I'm
still keeping an eye open but at least
he's pushing forward the trade deal he's
made some agreements with Mexico he
looks like there looks like Canada is
gonna come through the table you know so
if this is the way he runs things that's
too bad for the people who work there
but what do we care right I can't work
there the question I have is there's
this Woodward have any sources watching
TV and seeing what is happening if the
Cavanaugh hearings because if you want
to talk about dysfunctional you want to
talk about dysfunctional take a look at
what the Democrats paid people to do it
now seems it now seems they paid people
to protest they brought in mostly women
screaming and yelling about roe v-- wade
and other things
Linda's saucer anti-semitic fan of
Sharia law was carried out in the first
day let's take a quick look at what's
happening I mean just talking about
dysfunctional you know would were the
same
I've got sources that say there's a
dysfunctional White House want to talk
about crazy town it's on TV take a look
at this
so even that's that su-wei Democrats do
democracy right that's the way Democrats
think democracy should work we're a
woman who supports Sharia law is being
carried out of our legislature a woman
who supports the atrocity of Sharia law
is being carried out of our legislature
the pinnacle the our ideas that
constitutional ideas are the pinnacle of
human legal thinking and a woman who's
of what Sharia is being carried out of
there in protest really really I mean
that's what Democrats think is going to
make us think like a high yes Democrats
that's what we need for the midterms but
the even worse than the chaos that they
were paying to have and the staging and
the kabuki show is the actual arguments
they're making Ben Sasse yesterday and I
know a lot of people have paid attention
to this but it's worth going over
because Ben Sasse in two minutes said
more wisdom than I've heard from the
mainstream media certainly insight
certainly a lot of our politicians
because we need to go back to basics
I keep saying this again and again we
need to go back to basics and Ben Sasse
in about two minutes delivered in his
opening statement a statement about why
things are like this that was just so
important and we got to play at least a
little bit of it let's start with what
he taught how he talks about this the
system for those of you who don't
remember Schoolhouse Rock do you
remember that it was an animated
television show where they would sing
little songs about how a bill works how
Congress works little civic lessons here
is Ben Sasse as cut number four on how
the system is supposed to work the
solution is to restore a proper
constitutional order with a balance of
powers we need schoolhouse rock back
we need a congress that rights laws and
then stands before the people and
suffers the consequences and gets to go
back to our own Mount Vernon if that's
what the electors decide we need an
executive branch that has a humble view
of its job as enforcing the law not
trying to write laws in the Congress's
absence and we needed a judiciary that
tries to apply written laws to facts and
cases that are actually before it this
is the elegant and the fair process that
the founders created it
the process where the people who are
elected to and six years in this
institution four years in the executive
branch can be fired because the justices
and the judges the men and women who
serve America's people by wearing black
robes they're insulated from politics
his point here is so important because
really it centers on the legislature I
really feel this way that the Supreme
Court has been hijacked by leftist to
feel that you can appoint people like
Ruth Bader Ginsburg and and Breyer guys
who will not think about the
Constitution who talk about the living
Constitution which is a constitution as
Antonin Scalia would say that it's a new
day every day just says different things
on the Constitution every single day and
those on the conservative side who want
to uphold the law who are not there to
make law but are there to referee
whether the law fits into the content
context and the construction provided by
the Constitution then the failure in the
legislature the the frozen nature of the
legislature the deadlock that's the word
I'm looking for the deadlock in the
legislature is what is seriously wrong
with the country I mean when you have
two sides that can't sit down and make
immigration law when you have you know
Chuck gosh who's the head of the Senate
the Democrats Chuck Schumer thank you I
just blocked that name as this mitt like
out other unpleasant things I just
blocked Chuck sure knew his name when
you have Chuck Schumer waving a pin at
the press saying the president the
president should be making the law the
president should be making laws about
immigration and nobody in the press
thinks to say excuse me
you're the legislature the legislature
means you're supposed to be making along
that's a problem and with sacis saying
there is when you make laws when you
make legislative laws this goes on the
right and the left this is not just on
Schumer this is on both the left and the
right when you make laws about
immigration you are going to displease
somebody you were going to displease the
people who want to throw out all the
evil Mexicans and you're gonna throw out
all the people who want to let in all
the wonderful Mexicans whatever they're
thinking you know you're going to
displease people on both sides and you
may
get unelected you may get thrown out of
office that's your job and the
legislature is frozen there play each
side is playing to its base they can
only make the absolute law that is going
to satisfy the base on the right and the
base on the left and so they can't make
any law they can't compromise they can't
talk to one another they can't be seen
to be weak because if they're weak
they're going to have the right or the
left mobilize against them and throw
them out that is not the way the
legislature supposed to work we're a
divided country right now that means our
legislature has to compromise because we
have to compromise and that's the way
the world works if that doesn't happen
if that doesn't happen you have a
Supreme Court making law five people
passing laws over you an executive
making law with his pen and his phone
like a king and then it becomes
necessary to slander people to Bork them
as the Democrats method the Democrats
invented as Cavanaugh is being borked
right now and SAS talks about that this
is cut number a six and how bad that is
and why that that shouldn't happen so
the question before us today is not what
is Brett Kavanaugh think 11 years ago on
some policy matter the question before
us is whether or not he has the
temperament and the character to take
his policy views in his political
preferences and put him in a box marked
irrelevant and set it aside every
morning when he puts on the black robe
the question is does he have the
character and temperament to do that if
you don't think he does vote no but if
you think he does stop the charades
because at the end of the day I think
all of us know that Brett Kavanaugh
understands his job isn't to rewrite
laws as he wishes they were he
understands that he's not being
interviewed to be a super legislator he
understands that his job isn't to seek
popularity his job is to be fair and
dispassionate it is not to exercise
empathy it is to follow written laws
contrary to the onion like smears that
we hear outside judge Cavanaugh doesn't
hate women and children Dutch Kavanagh
doesn't lust after dirty water and
stinky air no looking at his record it
seems to me that what he actually
dislikes
are legislators that are too lazy and
too risk averse to
do our actual jobs that bingo I mean
bingo and so instead of this I mean look
Bob Woodward may be right in every
single particular maybe every day in the
White House somebody's calling somebody
else an idiot and maybe Donald Trump is
going off half-cocked and people are
stealing papers off his desk I don't buy
it but maybe you know some of it's true
maybe all of its true whatever but that
seems to be working really well okay
that seems to be working really well
what's not working is the legislature
what is not working is a group of people
who cannot get together and agree that
this is a completely qualified
individual to serve on the Supreme Court
he should not be slandered some of the
things that happen yesterday we're
disgusting the young lady if you can see
her sitting back a pretty brunette
sitting in back of him is a lady named
zina Bosch one of his former law clerks
she had at one point her hand resting on
the crook of her arm and it made a sort
of circle of thumb and forefinger which
has become this kind of internet meme
that that is somehow that's the a okay
sign right that's the okay sign is
somehow this is now a white supremacy
sign that went around the world you know
like a lie before the truth could put
its pants on that was it's a disgusting
thing to do to her she's first of all
this shouldn't it be important but she's
half Jewish and half Mexican unlikely
she's a white supremacist just saying
but still that should not you know that
you can get busted for giving the okay
sign I know what sign I give to that
it's not the okay sign that's ridiculous
you know that the fact that the
Cavanaugh's parents were in tears
watching them hammer him the fact that
his children had to be removed under
security and also this guy who lost his
daughter god bless and is a terrible
thing is Fred Guttenberg who lost his
daughter in the Parkland shootings it's
a terrible terrible thing but he went up
to shake Cavanaugh's hand it was pretty
obvious that security surrounded
Kavanagh and shoved him out and then he
said oh he refused to shake my hand he
refused to shake my hand this is
disgusting you know I mean this is a
setup
he was invited there for political
purposes another man Andrew Pollack who
also lost his daughter in the shooting
said judge Kavanagh is not responsible
for the parkland cool school shooting he
said I too will never see my daughter
again and blaming President Trump and
Cavanaugh of all people for parkland
is completely illogical he blames the
school board the police in the FBI who
actually all failed to do their jobs in
this case so I mean this is the kind of
thing the reason this is happening the
reason this is happening is all goes
back to the legislature it all goes back
to a legislature that will not take the
risk of being voted out of office that
will not pass a law that will not
compromise this is to answerable to its
donors and to its base and his frozen
solid it is frozen solid and it you know
there's not a crisis in this country
this country is not in crisis Donald
Trump is not a crisis he's an
obstreperous businessman an outsider
doing what he said he was gonna do
he's got traits I don't like he does
things I don't like he does things I
think are great he has traits that I
think are hilarious and fun all those
things are true that's not a crisis
that's not a crisis that's just news
that's the news that's not a crisis
believe me when you see a crisis you
will know it it's a crisis when you
don't have a job it's a crisis when you
can't you know raise your you say what
you want to say without getting banned
and shadow band and mob and losing your
job it's a crisis when you can't speak
the truth those are crises this is not a
crisis this judge is not a crisis and
they're just trying to set that up
because they know if they can affect
your mood it will affect the politics of
the country and especially it will
affect the midterms all right we got the
mailbag coming up all your questions
answered all the answers true one out
come on what else can you ask for come
on over to the Daily wire calm and
listen to the rest of the show
and if you are listening to the rest of
the show subscribe so you can just watch
the show right here I mean come on
alright mailbag just trying to give me a
heart attack I think he just doesn't
wants me to not know when it's gonna go
we may just do this for 20 minutes
forget the mailbag does have a screaming
alright from Spencer OSHA bureau in 30
years Clavin in back in bends of been
can only hope he can only open it you'll
be like in Ben's recent Sunday special
interview with Mike Rowe both Ben and
roasting to express considerable
skepticism about the idea of finding a
romantic soulmate I was hoping that you
could elaborate on your own views
regarding soulmates surely you would
consider your own unusually blessed
marriage to be an instance of two
soulmates finding and completing each
other but do you think God actually does
create every single man and woman to be
perfectly compatible with a single
corresponding member of the opposite sex
and if this is so how should we go about
trying to find our soulmate without
driving ourselves insane and traveling
all over the world in search of it first
of all
III do believe there is something
supernatural about my marriage I did
when I look back the fact that I picked
up a hitchhiker the fact that I
recognized her on site as the partner of
my life the fact that we have been
together in such insane harmony when I
am such a difficult person I mean she's
a dream but I'm a total nutcase the fact
that we have been together so there's
there is something about it that does
seem touched by an angel but first of
all that doesn't guarantee anything for
anybody the fact that when you look
around life is unfair the fact is it may
be that I have a soulmate and you don't
that's entirely possible we do not know
but the other thing we don't know is we
don't know the future right I didn't
know when I married my wife that I would
be sitting here 30 plus years later and
saying that I didn't know right so you
you know what Kierkegaard said life must
be lived forward but it can only be
understood backwards so looking backward
I say yes there's something incredibly
Supernatural about this play didn't know
at the time so you would indeed be
driving yourself crazy if you were
looking
perfection I didn't think my you know it
accepted me in the glow of love I didn't
think my wife was perfect I never
thought anything was I've never thought
anything was perfect in this world
because nothing is perfect in this world
I simply knew that I loved her and I
thought we could have a build a life
together and I wanted her to be the
mother of my children that's all you can
ever know that's all you can ever know
so don't drive yourself crazy about it
if 40 years down the line if you treat
each other well and you're good to one
another and you take care of the little
things in your life together and you
understand that you are of different
sexes and that is going to give you a
different perspective you're like two
lenses on a stereo optic on you know
that give the world three dimension if
you understand those things you may find
that 35 40 years down the line oh yeah
this was my soulmate this is my soulmate
but you can't know in advance so I mean
the thing is you want to make your
choices wisely you don't want to make
your choices in the grip of infatuation
but you don't either want to be so
logical that you count somebody out for
ridiculous reasons you go forward you
know like make make your heart clean and
then trust your heart first first make
your heart sane and then trust your
heart and you'll find your way you know
and if you have a soulmate believe me
you're not going to miss her because God
won't let you that's that's what he
meant means if that's the person he
means for you to have you will have him
or her all right
from Michael dear Eilis clay I come from
a very Catholic heritage but grew up
very much media influence and secular so
I'm now only now late in middle age
coming into a closer relationship with
God besides offering daily thanks in
prayer listen to Bible reading Psalms
every day with all the talk about with
all the talk about camels and needles
okay this is a comment Jesus made where
he said it is harder for a rich man to
enter the kingdom of heaven and for a
camel to pass through the eye of a
needle with all the talk about that
selling everything and giving it all to
the poor and other references to poor
being good and wealth being damned there
seems to be a constant insistence on
poverty I just don't believe in poverty
not for me not for you enough for the
humanity I get the charity is good and
that the love of money for its own sake
is bad but I believe that it is basic
and righteous for a man to perform good
honest work to be responsible for
himself his wife and his children and so
on he says does God really command
poverty for his people am i a sinner for
trying to make good absolutely not you
are absolutely not a sinner for trying
to make good
this is a beef that I have with
religious or organized religion even
though I believe in organized religion I
also believe that you have to follow
your conscience and read the gospel
yourself and understand what's being
said to many religious people read the
Gospels as if they are religious texts
okay their reports about a religious
event there are reports of a
cosmological anomaly right something
that happened that is special in the
life of this planet the earth and the
life of this species humankind and we
get four reports of it because that
gives us a full idea of it from four
different people because different
witnesses see different things what's
the difference okay
Jesus meets a rich man and the rich man
says how do I get in the kingdom of
heaven and Jesus says well follow these
Commandments and he says I've done that
and Jesus then said okay well give up
give your money to the poor and a guy
gets into a pulpit and he says Jesus
wants you to give all your money away to
the poor Jesus didn't say that he didn't
see you should he was talking to that
guy it's an event that actually happened
it's a recording of a conversation what
my beef with religious people is so
often they read the Gospels as if they
were true as if they didn't really
happen is if you weren't reading about a
real man in a real conversation at a
real moment in time but you are that is
what you're reading so when he said that
to that man when you read the
conversations that Jesus has with
ordinary people he always finds the
thing that they need they find somehow
the core of what is keeping them from
letting go of themselves and entering
into God and in this case it's obviously
with this guy it's his money and why
does Jesus say the obvious truth that it
is harder for a rich man to enter into
the kingdom of God than a camel through
the eye of the needle because when
things are going well even for a moment
we talked about before when things are
going bad in the world seems dark when
things are going well the world seems
absolutely fine I mean never mind wealth
if you're just having good sex you think
you're at the pinnacle of bliss and the
idea that maybe you know on occasion you
should think about you know other kinds
of bliss a deeper kind of bliss or
richer kind of life in which your life
does not depend on the approval of
others in which your life does not
depend on your having physical pleasure
in that moment in which your life does
not depend on
being wealthy that's a hard place to get
to it is a hard place to remember when
you have a lot of money and things are
fine and everything's going well and
you're healthy it's a hard place to
remember that this is only momentary
that everything will end and you need it
in attitude that is going to be with you
when you face death when you face
hardship when you face poverty you're
not supposed to be poor just for fun the
point is that did all the good things in
life are wonderful all the good things
in life are wonderful but they keep you
from seeing the deeper truth they
sometimes keep you from as everybody
knows when you do something that you
fail at you have a project and it fails
you'll learn a lot when you have a
project you succeed you don't really
learn anything you know because because
you think it's you did it but it's
really so much luck involved in all
these things so so what Jesus is telling
you is that you have to look to the
higher meaning of your life at all times
even when things are going well of
course you should try and do well in
your life you should try and succeed you
should be generous with your money you
shouldn't fall in love with your money
but of course you should try and do well
for your family and yourself it has
nothing to do with that it has to do
with seeing the greater truth at all
times from Joey hey drew I was curious
what your opinion was a my situation I
was seeing a girl last year she ended up
flunking out of our University and moved
a hundred miles away back at her mom's
house we tried to make it work but she
got really depressed eventually started
cheating on me after a certain point she
just ghosted me I have never loved
anyone as much as I had loved this girl
I would have died for her and my own
father committing suicide was easier to
get over than her I feel like I never
got closure and for the most part I'm
normal again but it's been about eight
months and I still think about her all
the time and because of that I don't
feel like I'm over her if she called me
today I don't know if I would be able to
tell her no any advice on how to help me
not to think about her anymore yeah I do
have a good advice about this obviously
this is not a good relationship this is
not a healthy relationship this is not
something you want to recover it's not
somebody you want back in your life at
all
at all this is over you can have to man
up and get past it so how do you do that
well there's a couple of things first of
all you're gonna think about her she got
under your skin you know she's gonna
come into your mind you have to practice
a little bit of a little bit
Zen here in when you're doing Zen you're
trying to clear your mind and thoughts
come into your mind you don't stop them
you don't suppress them you acknowledge
them and you let them go
they're like balloons you just let it go
let him go and let them float away when
this girl comes into your mind as she's
going to don't don't obsess about it
don't continue to think about it let it
go do not have conversations with her
about whether you're gonna get back
together with her it's over it should be
over she's not good for you let it go
the other thing about this and and move
on I mean just move on with your life as
you seem to be doing and just you're
just having a hard time letting go of
the pain of her rejection the other
thing is there's a very strong chance
you mentioned the suicide of your father
in here there's a very strong chance I
know that the reason it is harder for
you to deal with this girl leaving than
with the suicide of your father is that
you're channeling some of the emotion
about your father's death into this girl
leaving you got to separate those two
things and maybe go back and deal with
your feelings about your father's death
even if you didn't get along with them
even if you didn't live with them even
if you didn't know him the suicide of a
father is a painful large thing much
bigger than this girl than not working
out with this girl deal with that and
see if that helps you really even if you
need to get some help deal with it and
see if that helps you with the other
problem from Abby hi King Clavin my
husband and I moved to the west coast a
little over a year ago from the East
Coast for his job he has recently gotten
an excellent opportunity with his new
company but it requires a six year
commitment and I was hoping that after
two to three years we would be able to
find another opportunity closer to home
it's hard on me to be away and I know
it's difficult to our extended families
as well who we can only afford to visit
twice a year or so what do you think
should we tough it out for the sake of
his career or put family first and
consider finding a job on the East Coast
how would you approach this problem
alright since you asked me how I would
approach this problem I will tell you
how I would approach this problem my
career is because I'm a writer my career
and me are like United they are
basically one thing I would do anything
to continue to do the work that I love
to do and my wife knew that when she
married me and we she understood that
they were going to be sacrifices that we
made from my work because my work
without my work I offer
I suffer a great deal and my life loses
its meaning I feel that God put me here
to do this thing this is why I'm here he
put me here to put words together to
express certain things that's my my role
so I would not go back I would do what
your husband wants to do for his career
I would just you know use use your skype
use your face whatever it's called
FaceTime talk to your family from afar
visit your family when you can as his
career gets better you'll be able to
travel more you'll be able to afford
more but pay attention to his career
because if you go back and if he if he
feels the way I feel and if you make him
go back or nag him about going back or
make him feel bad about staying and
doing what he has to do he'll resent it
and that resentment will build up over
time and he'll feel like he didn't get
to be who he was supposed to be because
of you and you do not want that
situation in your marriage work means a
lot to men it means more to men than it
means to women okay obviously there are
exceptions most men work means more to
them than almost anything it is their
part of their identity it's not it's not
that his work means more to him than you
it is that he is his work and so in
loving you it is him and his work loving
you and so to make him sacrifice that
because you're a little lonely because
you're having a hard time settling in is
not a good idea it's not a good idea for
you it's not a good idea for him the
other thing is if you do make that
commitment and if he does feel the way
about work that I do and which I suspect
he does if he does make that commitment
you've got to make the commitment to
you've got to settle in you've got to
make friends you've got to find a church
or whatever you however you worship you
got to find places to go people to talk
to a fad a new family that you can
surround yourself with while continuing
to keep contact with your family the
only exception I would say to this is if
he doesn't feel that way if he too feels
like yeah you know what my work doesn't
mean that much to me I might rather be
around your extended family but if you
just it's just saying that don't listen
to him because we want to give him what
he needs you do not want to go down the
line with him blaming you
one more hi Andrew a few years ago my
mom did a course on ancient mythology
she went into it a nominal Catholic who
sometimes went to Mass with me and
definitely believed in God she came out
of it an atheist one of the reasons is
that the similarities and ancient
mythologies convinced her that
Christianity was in many ways just
another iteration of those myth
I don't see how this argument against
Christianity also works against theism
but alas it has in her case given how
widely read you are and having read
about your faith journey and the great
good thing I was hoping you might have
an insight into why the similarities in
ancient mythologies aren't a good reason
to discount Christianity thanks for all
your wisdom yeah I mean this is listen I
started I came from the other direction
I started studying mythology I was a big
study study of mythology I read the
Golden Bough which is a very famous work
by Fraser Sir James Frazer I believe his
name is where he did this essentially
this it's almost an encyclopedic work I
read the you know bridged edition but it
just tells all the different mythologies
around the world that kind of remind you
of Christianity and Frazer didn't want
to step over the line so he never says
oh look they're just like Christianity
but that's essentially what he's saying
Joseph Campbell who was kind of Jordan
Peterson before there was Jordan
Peterson Joseph Campbell talks about the
hero with a thousand faces how all the
myths re-echo the same themes again and
again here's the thing about this I mean
CS Lewis said this best and I'm not
gonna quote him I don't remember the
exact words but basically he said these
are the good dreams of humanity if it
was built into humanity that we were
going to fall if it was built into
humanity that our Savior was going to
come it makes perfect sense that the
order that the central the central
vehicle of our salvation would be
written into our souls and written into
our minds I think that is true in the
same way I think our deaths are written
into our minds I think we're aware that
we're going to die we live with that
knowledge underneath the surface all the
time in the same way I think our
salvation is written into our souls and
these myths these other myths are kind
of forerunners of this and there are the
idea that this is what is going to
happen this is what salvation looks like
when Jesus comes as CS Lewis said it's
one of the great lines it is the myth
that really happened it is the myth that
is true
Jesus's life is a myth it does follow a
mythic journey but if you look at your
own life when you get to be older you
will see that your own life has followed
a mythic journey as well why because
those things are written into in a kind
of Jungian way those things are written
into the unconscious the collective
unconscious of humankind
so they don't disprove Christianity and
they certainly don't disprove theism in
any way shape or form so I can
understand why the shock of seeing those
things it's funny a lot of things depend
in life which direction you're coming
from I came from the direction of
knowing all the myths and then being
convinced that yes Christianity was the
myth acted out in human history so but
if you come from the other direction
kind of kind of half believing as you
said your mother was a nominal Catholic
and then come and find those myths that
can be a shock and it can seem to debunk
the thing you believe in so it really
depends which direction now your journey
takes you all right
tickety-boo news I have to conclude with
this story from the Washington Examiner
by Paul Bedard Trump breaks 20-year
fouled-up budget gridlock scores big
wins president Trump's Senate Majority
Leader Mitch McConnell and House Speaker
Paul Ryan have teamed up this summer to
do something that hasn't happened in two
decades right and past departments
spending bills instead of lumping
everything together into a massive
omnibus package the House and Senate are
moving at a brisk pace to pass the
appropriations bills with the Senate
leading approving nine of 12
what's more the Trump administration has
pushed through key priorities on wall
and Pentagon spending as well as curbing
wasteful programs now the bad news here
is the the budget has gone up the budget
is going up I'd like to see it go down
that won't happen until they start to
tackle entitlements which I hope they
will but but this is important these
omnibus bills are a legislative atrocity
I mean they're just our a terrible thing
because nobody can negotiate over what
you want here and where things go and
nobody takes responsibility for anything
we're talking about the legislature take
legislature taking responsibility Trump
is doing this and Mitch McConnell and
other leaders in the Senate and Congress
are saying the Trump is the reason this
is happening because he said I will not
sign another omnibus bill okay so I just
put that forward to you as they're
selling you the chaos as they're selling
you the evil as they're selling you this
absolute garbage of this Russian
collusion story the Trump is doing a
good job Trump isn't obstreperous person
he is not the
president we didn't try to elect the
typical president he can he can do
things when I when he does things that I
think are wrong or stupid and he says
things that are stupid I say so you know
people yell at me for that all the time
I get flak from that from you guys all
the time about that but I always say so
but he's doing a good job and we hired
him to do a good job he's not your daddy
he's not your lover he's not your soul
mate and he's not your role model he's
the President of the United States and
he's doing a good job America is in the
grip of an on crisis okay it isn't a
grip of the non-crisis don't let them
affect the way you look at the world
I'm Andrew Clavin this is the Andrew
Clavin show I will see you again
tomorrow the Andrew Clavin show is
produced by Robert Sterling executive
producer Jeremy boring senior producer
Jonathan hey our supervising producer is
Mathis Glover technical producer austin
stevens edited by alex zingaro audio is
mixed by Mike Carmina hair and makeup is
by Jesuit vera and our animations are by
Cynthia Angulo and Jacob Jackson the
Andrew Clavin show is a daily wire for
word publishing production copyright for
word publishing 2018
