is this Colin humper dunk bad from Nike
right they put out an ad do we have it
yep here's Colin limpert Inc believe in
something even if it means sacrificing
and everything just do it so first of
all believing in something is not a good
in and of itself Colin Kaepernick
sacrificed nothing he was cut because he
wasn't a very good quarterback and just
do it just do what just do what so don't
take your moral hints from your sneakers
and that's the first thing but now we
know now we know this is how they feel
about America okay we get this then and
these are corporate interests of course
it's always the corporations were the
most left-wing people in the country but
this is how they feel so we're not even
talking about the same attitude toward
America however I will say that
Kaepernick did get some support on
Twitter from Mahmoud Ahmadinejad the
Iranian tyrant who who tweeted the NFL
season will start this week
unfortunately once again Kapur
Kaepernick is not on the NFL roster even
though he is one of the best
quarterbacks in the league Spoke Mahmoud
Ahmed Dena job is there
