to begin today with a scandal that's not
really a scandal but is at least worth
talking about because it does say
something about the left's perspective
and Hollywood's perspective on America
it is as they say one of the reasons
President Trump is president this
particular scandal comes courtesy of
Damien Chazelle now this makes me sad
because Damien Chazelle is one of the
best directors working today he did
whiplash and then he did lala land and
his new movie looks great
it's a biopic titled first man about
Neil Armstrong who's the first man to
walk on moon and the stars Ryan Gosling
as Neil Armstrong but there's one
problem the movie apparently omits the
American flag why is that big deal you
say because at the most crucial moment
the picture that everyone cares about
from the actual moon landing is Neil
Armstrong racing the American flag on
the moon this is sort of like doing a
movie about the Battle of Iwo Jima and
not having the guys raise an American
flag instead they just decided to raise
an empty flagpole with like an emoji
sticker on it or something
right it makes no sense at all it's an
iconic moment in American history but
Ryan Gosling who is Canadian says that
he thinks that Neil Armstrong saw
himself more as a world citizen than as
an American hero which makes no sense at
all he says I think this was widely
regarded in the end as a human
achievement and that's how we chose to
view it well not by Americans it wasn't
not by Americans it turns out that when
America was putting a man on the moon in
China which is the real reason why
they're not putting the American flag in
this film is because they're afraid that
it'll piss off the Chinese censors and
they want to make sure that the Chinese
market goes to see the film so they've
removed the American flag it's the same
reason that long ago when they made
Superman Returns they omitted truth
justice in the American Way they turn it
into truth justice and all that other
stuff the Hollywood is really really
afraid of taking off foreign audiences
with all of the America there's only one
problem with that logic which is that
nobody in foreign countries actually
cares whether American films promote
America because it turns out America's a
pretty frickin amazing place like we put
a man on the moon that's one of the
pieces of proof actually so Ryan Gosling
Canadian says I also think Neil was
extremely humble as were many of these
astronauts and time and time again he
deferred the focus from himself to the
400,000 people who made the mission
possible those 400,000 people would have
been Americans by the way who worked for
the American government he was running
everyone that he was just the tip of the
iceberg and that's not just to be humble
that's also true
don't think neal viewed himself as an
american hero for my interviews with his
family and people that knew him it was
quite the opposite and we wanted the
film to reflect neal alternatively
Hollywood is just catering to foreign
audiences and so they're going to omit
the American flag in a blatant attempt
to grab Chinese money but let's be clear
putting a man on the moon was an
American mission it was not a world
mission it was an American mission JFK
who announced the original mission to
put a man on the moon when he did this
when he talked about why we would put a
man on the moon he explicitly linked it
to America's special rule in the world
as a provider of freedom remember this
is the middle of the Cold War and there
was a lot of talk in those days like
right about this time about the Russians
putting a man into space on the Sputnik
satellite and JFK decided okay we're
gonna fight back against that by
actually going far beyond that we'll put
a man on the moon putting an American
flag on the moon was the point of the
endeavor
