I think the whole body positivity thing
is wrong and I have two reasons for that
number one
not everything about your body is
necessarily positive not all of it
should be accepted or loved or embraced
okay morbid obesity for instance is an
objectively negative thing because it's
unhealthy it will kill you
and it will cause all kinds of other
health problems as well your your body
is not meant to carry around hundreds of
pounds of extra fat that's not we
weren't meant for that it's it's it's
just not good for your body it has it
has you know it has a terrible effect on
pretty much every aspect of your body
because none of it was made to support
that right from your internal organs to
your bones just everything so there's no
that's not something we should embrace
because it's unhealthy and it's also
something that very often develops
through an unhealthy and inactive
lifestyle so when you're embracing the
morbid obesity you're also embracing the
lifestyle which caused it and I get it
okay I taught every any time we talk
about this issue of obesity being
overweight so on you're always gonna
have the people who say well yeah but
what about you know it's possible for
someone to become morbidly obese you
know even if they're trying to eat
healthy I mean somewhat someone wrote to
me yesterday I mentioned this issue
briefly yesterday on Facebook someone
wrote to me they're very angry and they
said they said well you know there are
people who are obese now because they're
going through cancer treatments obesity
is one of the symptoms of brain tumors
which I don't know if that's true or not
I'll assume it's true I didn't look it
up you know okay and that's obviously an
exception but we have to ask ourselves
when we look at the overall problem of
obesity in America do we imagine that
most of that is because of brain tumors
that most of it is because of disease
really and if so why is there so much
more morbid obesity in America than
there is in Ethiopia
obviously it's clearly it has it's
primarily not solely but primarily
driven by lifestyle and by diet
