consider but I'm definitely bringing the
whole family I think we're gonna do the
sound of music sing-along oh that's
pretty good
I saw later we're talking once again
about the sound of music cuz there's a
sing-along that hashtag goals I need to
go to hashtag bucket list will be
talking hashtag other things on this
edition of Friday live but first I'm
Alicia Krause I'm Michael Knowles
it's Friday live hashtag you're so basic
white girl but we'll talk about that in
a moment first we have to recap stuff
from last week we talked about this job
up in San Francisco and we have some
daily where peeps that are going up San
Francisco this weekend they're not going
to be leaving the office and applying
for the job as the poop picker-upper
because they wouldn't take me how much
was that again one hundred eighty-five
thousand dollars a year to pick up the
ever-increasing excrement on the streets
of San Francisco and not not after dogs
know like not diapers that have been
left behind after much more disgusting
than dogs mister grown human but they're
still handing out the heroin needles up
there too that's true
go handle your tax dollars if you're
watching in San Francisco you should let
us know so let's recap some of the
answers from last week about whether or
not people would take this job someone
said if that's what it took to work for
ben shapiro than yak that's the feeling
of working for Ben you know this time
yeah yeah that's true it's different for
everybody
someone says four five times that they
might consider it no face required on
YouTube says shoveling poop is literally
a bleep job but for six figures heck I'd
do it of course this guy wants a guy
before wants a million dollars to do
this generation is so spoiled they don't
know the value of $185,000 grain in San
Francisco is not as that's true doesn't
go as far as a hundred eighty-five grand
Dallas Texas that's a great that's a
good point right you you can you live in
a hovel or something in Dallas Texas you
can pick up cow manure and make better
money and then you don't have to deal
with like the grossest of human feces
but cannot believe this is a topic but
let us continue James Bernard says on
Facebook I would for an excellent health
benefits package which I bet because
it's a government job in the city of San
Francisco they have to have good
benefits that's true although you're
really a very good health benefit
package when you're doing that contract
hepatitis on like day one
says on Facebook that he doesn't think
185 is even middle-class in San
Francisco you probably need at least 250
true we are the 99%
Jupiter 5 told us on Twitter no I
wouldn't pick up anything in California
and Kurt Dowlen says where's the link to
apply yep oh wow
James J James you need a new job he's an
engineer who makes less than half of
that yeah I mean hat make a 100 or 90
grand that's that's pretty good money
you know and although he doesn't have to
walk the streets of San Francisco that's
a real benefit they're hilly and there's
lots of crap yep quite literally San
Francisco's such a great city in other
ways like I love the waterways I love
the buildings I love the scenery yeah it
was definitely a great city 50 years ago
yeah it definitely is the ruins of a
great city like Rome I really like Rome
you get to walk around the Groot ruins
of a once great civilization yeah I
guarantee you some of the stuff that's
going out in San Francisco is similar to
some of the stuff that would down Rome
it is it's actually San Francisco is a
lot like Athens I went to Athens about
10 years ago there was tear gas in the
streets because of a communist riot
there were stray dogs walking around and
I thought like oh yes this is where
civilization used to be that's San
Francisco so sad yeah well you're very
excited you're not sad because even
though it's like 80 degrees outside here
in Los Angeles oh yeah it is pumpkin
spice lattes I make no apologies for
that at all it so it's very difficult
now because the trouble is the old story
that used to sell pumpkin spice lattes
very famously has now become a straw
less homeless shelter so I can't go in
there to get it fortunately though
pumpkins are in everything now every
single thing is flavored with pumpkins
or unfortunately and uh well it's
dangerous for our society this is so
wrong and awful and I am I I'm not even
a fan of the real pumpkin but I mean if
I'm gonna eat something pumpkin it needs
to be a legit pumpkin the pumpkin flavor
to me is one of the most grotesque
things on the way do you like I mean do
you not like what official mint flavor
do you not like artificial coffee flavor
I don't like artificial coffee flavor
maybe artificial mint if that's what's
in you know there anyone flavors mint
chocolate yeah of course the real issue
with this pumpkin spice I know is that
it is that it's August
sorry if this thing comes out August
25th or something and we do this in our
society like even you know now people
say that Christmas comes so early but
let's not forget like there used to be a
whole other season before Christmas
called Advent and that actually we move
Christmas back so much that now Advent
just doesn't exist I'm a person that is
deeply appreciative of Halloween I do
full family costumes in the Kraus house
adorable pictures you know always you've
actually taken that again I've taken
those pictures here that we were I was
little grandma my daughter at the time
was Little Red Riding Hood my husband
was a scary wolf Michael took a very
appropriate boomerang of us that's true
and last year we were Goldilocks and the
three bears and the baby was the baby
bear yeah like I'm very into Halloween
and I freaking love Thanksgiving because
it's patriotic and it's like the entry
into Christmas but please dear God
please just let me enjoy Thanksgiving
don't put out the Christmas Christmas
before well it's just a look it's
because our culture demands instant
gratification so we have we cannot
tolerate anxiety or anticipation tastes
are not gratifying oh that's a terrific
basic and often it's very basic
I'm very extra iron I've always
identified as a white girl I know I look
like a swarthy man but I've always
identified as a either a swarthy man or
an MSNBC television host
swarthy were you art yes no moving along
speaking of another trending franchise
so we asked people last week what they
would take to pick up poop but this is a
little less daunting I suppose how would
you feel about naming your kid Harland
for $11,000 would you do it yeah I might
get anything for $11,000 no kidding
please boy slaughter KFC is doing this I
didn't ever knew that Colonel Sanders
first name was Harland yeah but on
September 9th which is the his birthday
where he alive r.i.p Colonel Harland
Sanders his birthday
to mark the 11 years that they've I
think it's the 11 no the 11 herbs and
spices herbs and spice
is that our in the secret you know sauce
or whatever they have over there you are
clearly not an aficionado this wonderful
American step obviously a fan of
chick-fil-a lets me on this and there
wasn't enough chick-fil-a sauce attend
daily wire or monthly meeting yesterday
I'm still bitter about its truth because
someone got the last container and
wasn't very gentlemanly about it no not
when it comes to Fried Chicken so anyway
anything I turned my child into a fried
chicken for $11,000 we have a lovely
pregnant lady here it's her last day at
work we'll miss you when she goes I'm
gonna turn Neil Eve she's having a baby
girl we all know the name of the baby
yes I said listen you could name the kid
Harland Quinn and have the baby on
September 9th and get the eleven
thousand dollars
yeah i'm celina because the thing is
we're now in a society where nothing
remains so for more than five minutes so
name the kid Harland cash in on the 11
GS you can change the name or the gender
or whatever you want to change on the
kid within like five minutes change the
hair color change the name go for it why
not it's free money
so would you guys the question on the
Instagram and Facebook right now would
you name your kid like what would you
name your kid Heartland yes specifically
Rowand I'll be shocked if this is less
than a hundred percent on this place
it's not like Gatorade right yeah you
know by the way and hot by Hollywood
standards Harlan is the most normal name
imaginable because on the one hand you
have people naming their kids like
applesauce or something yes but then on
the other look at our around our society
yeah but you also have these names like
Keith's like Harlan is way better than
Keith's I like weird sounding man names
yeah one in two syllables wrong sounds
good I might wait my gramps is a Ralph
that's a strong Ezequiel that's more
that's too many syllables but you know
you see what I'm like old names yeah
like Harland yeah let's do it
so you would sweet little listen yeah
yeah Harland Chester Arthur Knoll so
it's gonna be a grants my Chester will
get into this later he's one of the
greatest American presidents Chester
Arthur okay he's very underappreciated
okay
this is not so sure about this some
other version of Friday life yes all
right
so this we do have breaking news folks
today is the great original queen of
music's funeral it was live streaming of
course on lots of the network Ella
Fitzgerald done oh my gosh it's terrible
I read the Franklin oh okay I thought
the original Queen yeah yeah the
original Queen
you there were of course lots of notable
American figures there some politicians
that we both disdain including a Jesse
Jackson and Bill Clinton yes and Ariana
Grande was asked to perform what many
other celebrities were as we go here
comes Pete Davidson needs to watch out
we have this clip we don't have the clip
they all act it out for you so imagine
that yeah so there's Arianna right there
and this would be I wish I were a
cartoon so that my jaw could hit the
floor in the tongue kind of president as
good as mine so much more appropriate
because he was like doing the full
elevator that's amazing because everyone
else looks bored around him and then you
can see Bill all the videos are like oh
like a crazy almost skeletal like yes
why die big grin it's really creepy
people just become their sins you know
so have you and for him he is just like
the archetype old lecher now you know
but is just all desiccated sex that's
all Bill Clinton is become it's
hilarious it's really good so we have
some great daily wired memes on it you
guys should check out our Twitter page
over there I think we also have someone
Instagram as well oh it's I mean when
Hillary around that's true when Hillary
is around at that inauguration ceremony
is up Bill Clinton watching Kelly
Clarkson sing and he's there just like
uh-huh and then and then Hillary just
looks at him and just looks disgustedly
away you know that's it ah so here's the
thing guys don't be creeps and don't
boycott my in amount we've done this
story of the week and and I say my
piñon is that the left is going to
utterly fail just like they did with
chick-fil-a why because both chick-fil-a
and in and out one have not hid their
beliefs for a really long time I mean
you have the dynasty the chick-fil-a are
the in and out granddaughter of the
original founder she didn't freaking I
am the second video she's very open
about her evangelical faith and I think
her pro-life conservatism people are all
pissy cuz in and out donating $25,000
the California GOP which is nothing
that's no money that won't go far it
could've been 185 grand and it wouldn't
have been enough to help the California
GOP and now people are saying much like
they did with chick-fil-a it's hateful
they're bigoted homophobic it's awful
blog actually so in and out is lovely I
mean I know the food is like good it's
fine I don't think it's like the insane
but the the thing that's great about it
is it's clean when you go in its
reasonably priced that people are nice
and smile at you and they have Bible
verses a different Bible verse printed
on every piece of package my husband I
were literally talking about this like
hour left it's idiots that never realize
their morals and values beforehand and I
really don't think that the boycott will
work because nationwide even though
chick-fil-a is obviously a bigger
corporation than in and out is in and
out is it expanding nationwide they're
in the heartland of Texas y'all yeah
Texas Texans ain't gonna boycott in and
out no qualit like you said it's clean
friendly the quality of the food is good
and they take care of their customers
and their employees why would you want a
boycott a business like yeah well the
thing is go won't go broke like it's not
gonna work anyway
yeah but also I never understand cuz
everyone in California they freaked out
about in and out as though it's like I
mean it's like it's a fine half-assed
Carlton all the kardashian-jenner
celebrities are seen there all the time
by the TMZ camera do they not have they
never looked at their bag is what this
is really about as the Bible verses this
is what it's always about this was what
is about with chick-fil-a same thing
with Hobby Lobby they're always just
going after Christianity of it all yeah
and so did they never notice that on
every single of course they didn't
because they're not like the most
literate people in the world so they
must not have seen it and now they're
using this measly twenty five thousand
dollar donation as an excuse
obviously all the tweens and teens and
Millennials that have ever shopped at
forever 21 also don't notice that but a
heck
I don't want them to boycott forever 21
is forever 21 Christian yeah really yeah
I gotta start shopping there yeah there
you guys been a while again I was up
what line yeah so lots of people are
road tripping this weekend when you
roadtrip I mean it's inevitable that you
eat delicious fast food what's your
favorite fast food
Arby's I mean there's no question being
double beef and cheddar there's no
there's nothing more satisfying in this
country yeah that's right
I so yeah I actually don't like french
fries except for Arby's curly fries oh
yeah I take the batter you take a little
little touch of that horsey sauce and
then you just like go you ride that
dragon for about 20 minutes
oh man that's heavy how about you I
gotta say chick-fil-a is great
chick-fil-a in now but for all of my
people watching kind of in the styles
like Oklahoma Louisiana the Texas will
know I heart my Brahms
we don't have Brahms out here but it is
a drive-thru burger place that has the
best chocolate malts and rocky road on
the face of them talk about high culture
- you got Brahms I mean you've got they
named their fast food after one of the
great composers of all time I think they
were dairy farmers and that's why the
ice cream is so amazing and it tops
Bluebell so take that Texas Jacob's
disagreeing with me so now it's a good
time to end Friday live don't even know
what blue backs all right you don't know
they they went corporate they filled out
it totally so I liked it back when they
were in mainstream yeah I liked their
second album was good but after that it
was totally sold out really exciting
weekend we're totally straight from our
topics so let us know we like to hear
from you guys all of these questions are
super fun to recap and we do love to
read all the comments on YouTube Twitter
Facebook I space Instagram xanga oh our
EP xanga anywho let us know your
favorite fast-food joint and maybe let
us know you know any secret menu things
that Knowles and I should check out yeah
like a triple beef and cheddar yeah
people don't know about that this is
your learned about the chopped chilies
and my life has changed forever I've
heard about this - there's a lot there's
a lot to digest
alright guys have a wonderful Labor Day
weekend and we'll see you next week
you
