people are extremely concerned these
days with the issue of bullying so let's
let's talk about that let's talk about
bullying and and and the problems
associated with it I think if we're
serious about ridding the world of
bullying then we need to finally look at
the biggest bullies in America and those
would be LGBT activists they are the
biggest bullies in America in in the
latest act of viciousness and
vengefulness LGBT activists shut down an
adoption agency and this isn't even the
first adoption agency they've gone after
and shut down this is just the latest in
a series because you really know that
your cause is right and just and true if
you're going after adoption agencies
right that's a that's a it's a great
indication that you're on the right side
of things when that's what you're doing
adoption agencies bakeries yes these are
the great villains that that the LGBT
folks are taking down so we should
really should applaud themselves that
Pat yourselves on the back
you're real heroes anyway Catholic
Charities of Buffalo is just another
adoption agency which was made to
discontinue its adoption services
because if you can believe it
Catholic Charities of Buffalo is
Catholic
they're also in Buffalo so I don't know
if but it's the Catholic part of that
that was very upsetting to the LGBT mob
because the organization would not send
children into households with same-sex
parents because Catholic Charities abide
by Catholic teaching Catholic teaching
is that homosexual relationships are
disordered and further children should
have a mother and a father that's not
just Catholic teaching that is the
belief of anyone who any Christian who
takes the Bible seriously
