American journalists and other
duplicitous leftists are very very upset
at president Trump's treatment of the
late Senator John McCain after this past
weekend when Senator McCain became the
sort of Republican leftist like most the
New York Times a former newspaper
published a scathing editorial paint
pinned by Times editor-in-chief blew the
reen prevarication the third saying
quote John McCain's patriotic commitment
to not breathing stands as a stern
rebuke to the foul miss of FAL Donald
Trump and other foul Republicans who
insist on remaining alive if only they
could learn from McCain's example we
would say nice things about them too and
then bury them unquote at CNN America's
most trusted source for hysterical
mendacity Don Lemon stared sincerely
into the camera and then realized it
wasn't the camera but a child's
kaleidoscope then became so fascinated
with the shifting colors
he forgot whom he was about to call
racist then he remembered it was Donald
Trump and stared sincerely into the
Kaleidoscope and said quote although I
called John McCain a racist when he was
alive now he's dead so he's a great man
whose legacy proves the Trump is a
racist because he's still alive which is
racist unquote when lemon was told the
camera was actually behind him he spun
around 360 degrees and continued talking
into the Kaleidoscope because he never
quite figured out the whole degrees
thing which he says his racist Trump
offended the mainstream media by
refusing to lower the flag to half-mast
after McCain's death then lowering the
flag but giggling behind his hand then
quickly raising the flag again then
lowering it when no one was looking and
finally issuing a statement saying quote
if John McCain was so great how come
he's dead unquote as NBC's Chuck Todd
put it quote Trump's treatment of McCain
is childish and only proves that he has
cooties and is a doodoo head unquote so
the behavior in our nation's capital
continues at its usual level trigger
warning I'm Andrew Clavin and this is
the Andrew Clavin show
tickety-boo
so we need also sing see Topsy no ever
disappear easing its
all right the last mailbag day of the
summer so now is your chance ow my
buckets though remember that guy who
wrote in were you here with Meg I wrote
in and said every time he hears this
he's driving his truck listening the
podcast and he veers off the road you
know just playing it for that reason
he'll bag day of the summer we will
solve all your problems the answers are
guaranteed 100% correct
the rest of the summer will be great and
even into the fall you know over the
weekend I think I mentioned this already
I saw the meg and I hate to say this
because I'm a big Jason Statham fan I
think he's really terrific action star
but this picture it's so bad and it's
good funded by the Chinese so everything
in it is like they're talking to it's
like they're talking English like it's
your second language even the people who
are English it likes talking very slowly
and delivering the joke and every scene
it's about a gigantic shark right and
every scene is right out of Jaws and it
mate all I could think was what a great
movie Jaws was and if you want to learn
the story behind Jaws you can get
listened to inside jaws from wonder II
podcasting there's a new pot wondering
podcast this is a new podcast that's got
an incredible story to tell you're gonna
love it it's called inside jaws and it's
written and hosted by Mark Ramsey the
man behind inside psycho and inside the
Exorcist inside jaws takes you on an
immersive journey through the making of
1975's pulse-pounding hit film the first
ever summer blockbuster you'll follow
one of the most prolific filmmakers in
history Steven Spielberg for the making
of his first 8-millimeter Western as a
young boy scout to the rocky production
and groundbreaking release of a movie
that changed the film industry forever
this is a tale of guts and glory you
don't want to miss it
listen today by subscribing to inside
jaws on Apple podcast or heading to
wonder eat dot F M slash inside jaws or
you can listen to the first four
episodes ad-free by signing up for one
three plus at wonder e-comm slash plus
that's wo ND ery dot-com slash PL you
subscribe to inside jaws today it's a
great story by the way the way jaws was
made it really was they really made it
you know on the fly and of course it
worked out it was one of the great shows
not not quite as awful as the meg but
really it was terrific
yeah all right you know Monday we
started out this week we were talking
about kind of being in social media hell
because Senator McCain died and there
was a shooting in Florida and just I
couldn't help but notice how the social
media just goes through the same thing
again and again and I said the reason I
think that we keep getting in the same
arguments without ever moving off the
dime is cuz we're not really arguing
about what we're actually arguing about
which is freedom which is about Liberty
one side of us believes in the founders
vision of Liberty we believe the country
was built for the express purpose of
protecting our Liberty that the
Constitution is there for that reason
that the whole machinery this whole I
call it a Rube Goldberg machine of all
these different parts kind of in battle
with each other the states against the
feds the Congress against the executive
the judiciary against the Congress all
these things these balances of power in
this machine were built to preserve your
Liberty to keep the government so busy
fighting each other that they're not
coming after us and and hampering our
rights and taking our rights away as I'm
watching the news now I'm just thinking
like not only are we not arguing about
what we're arguing about but there's no
such thing as a new story anymore the
story is not the story the story is
always the agenda you know if you go
back if you go back into the 40s and 50s
you listen to liberals and they've been
talking about this now for you know 50
years 60 years talk about the Red Scare
go on go on google and google movies
about the Red Scare or movies about the
blacklist okay and you'll get movie
after movie the front you'll get a good
night and good luck guilty by suspicion
chaplet all these pictures all these
films are about the following thing
there were spies Soviet spies American
Soviet spies in the State Department at
a very high level and Truman Harry
Truman got a lot of them out but still
that when they were exposed it was
exactly the same as today when Alger
Hiss was
the press was like oh why would this is
a wonderful liberal upper-class person
why would that you ever want to read a
great life-changing book about this read
witnessed by Whittaker Chambers
Whittaker Chambers was the kind of
overweight sloppy former Russian spy I
think it was was he gay I don't know I
think he was married I can't remember
but he was a sloppy kind of not very
classy former Russian spy who exposed
Alger Hiss in the State Department and
the press jumped on Whittaker Chambers
at his was eventually convicted of
perjury it was a big deal so they were
actually were Russian spies at the very
top levels of American government but
then Joseph McCarthy took the fact that
there was this threat of Soviet spies
these were people who believed that the
Soviet Union was the future that
communism was the future that this was
going to solve all the problems that
they had had during the 30s with the
depression and all that it's all gonna
change once the wonderful communist
system came in and helped us all out so
they became spies thinking that they
were doing the right thing Joseph
McCarthy came along and he turned this
into as they always call it a witch hunt
that doesn't mean there were no such
thing as witches there were communists
at very high levels but that doesn't
mean McCarthy was a good guy McCarthy
was a demagogue he played off this he
played off people people's fears he
played off the fact that everybody was
afraid that the Russians were coming the
Russians were coming and you know what
he would do is he would say he had
evidence of he wouldn't had names he
would wave a you know a not a closed
envelope and he was have evidence that
there are these spies in the Army and
the State Department here and there but
he never produced the evidence in fact
we have a video of him this is cut
number seven play cut number seven a
video of Joseph McCarthy saying there's
evidence and then coming up with nothing
the Russians offered help the campaign
accepted help the Russians gave help and
the president made full use of that help
and that is pretty damning whether it is
proof beyond a reasonable doubt of
conspiracy or not do you know of any
instance where the Russian said we're
gonna do it this way we're gonna do it
for WikiLeaks we're gonna do it through
DC leaks this is how we're gonna get
this information out there I can't
comment that is an issue that we have
been investigating and I don't want to
comment at this point or not what this
that evidences sorry that wasn't Joseph
McCarthy as Adam Schiff the same
difference they say the same thing right
there's just using the Russians scare to
get people afraid and work their
political will and the story is not the
story the story is the agenda that's
what you're seeing when you see the
Russian collusion story you're seeing an
agenda you're not seeing the real
investigation into you know Russian
meddling which I'm sure is going on so
one of the things that happened and this
was not Joseph McCarthy because McCarthy
was a senator but over in the house they
had what was called hue Act the house on
American Activities Committee and they
began calling up anybody who had ever
had any kind of communist leaning and
was kind of it was unfair because people
intellectuals and even working-class
people thought oh this wonderful
communism has come somebody once said I
saw I've seen the future in the Soviet
Union and it works and so people join
these communist clubs but as the the the
stories of Stalin's atrocities came
forward people got wise and they saw
what it was and they saw what the left
always is which is this controlling
overbearing tyrannical philosophy that
wants to force everybody into a vision
of goodness even if it means killing
tens of millions of people a lot of
people left and so it was kind of unfair
when the house on American Activities
Committee would call them up and they
would say you know they would call them
before Congress and say you were a
communist now name your friends who are
also their name people so it forced him
the position of being a rat it was
overdone it was oh you know too much it
was too much an overreaction to what was
actually happening the fact that there
were actually spot and it happened in
Hollywood so it happened in Hollywood
and they went after some guys who had
writers and actors and producers and
directors who had been a Hollywood who
had been communists and people started
getting blacklisted right so there was
this blacklist you couldn't work because
you're a communist and talented people
Dalton Trumbo a terrible human being
and an absolute communist but he was a
terrific writer he wrote Spartacus under
a pseudonym great film but there were
guys who said you know what these
communists are bad guys and I'm gonna
testify I'm not gonna go to jail I'm not
gonna you know ruin my career and and
guys like Elia Kazan who was one of the
great directors of the 50s Budd
Schulberg a really good writer they
testified and people started to
ostracize them once the you know black
sort of went away and they were they
made a movie is one of the classic films
of all time called on the waterfront
with with Marlon Brando in which Marlon
Brando plays a dock worker the docks are
owned by the mob and it's about will
Marlon Brando testify against the mob
and what Kazan is Schulberg were saying
is they sometimes ratting people out as
the right thing to do when they're
really rats and so all this stuff has
gone on and on forever the horror the
horror that people in Hollywood worse I
mean god forbid they had been Nazis then
nobody would worry about it they were
communists which resulted in far more
deaths than the Nazi regime the
communist regime murdered farm farm many
people but you know that they were that
Hollywood of silence they were furious
about it but the story was never the
story it was never about the fact that
people were silenced it was about the
fact that they were silenced it was
never about the fact that hue AK
overstepped his bounds or Joseph
McCarthy overstepped its bounds it was
always about the fact that they wanted
to sell leftism
and they got caught hooking their wagon
to the star of the Soviet Union which
was an oppressive murderous slave nation
slave Empire and they got caught but
they still want to push that agenda now
they're doing the exact same thing and
they're simply reporting it from the
other side they're using they're trying
to gin up fear against the Russians just
like the right did just like Joseph
McCarthy did in his day they're trying
to gin up fear against the Russians to
silence conservative voices and overturn
the voice of the people who elected
Donald Trump and Trump is talking about
it and he is ticked off that Google and
Facebook and Twitter are silencing
conservative voices and he said so you
know Google the head of Google has
refused to testify but the other face
but the other social media guys are
going to come to the Capitol Hill and
testify and Trump said this is a problem
yesterday here he is talking to the
press yeah I think Google is really
taking advantage of a lot of people and
I think that's a very serious thing and
it's a very serious charge I think what
Google and what others are doing if you
look at what's going on at Twitter if
you look at what's going
on Facebook they better be careful
because you're you can't do that to
people
you can't do it we have tremendous we
have literally thousands and thousands
of complaints coming in and you just
can't do that so I think that Google and
Twitter and Facebook they're really
treading on very very troubled territory
and they have to be careful it's not
fair to large portions of the population
okay so the the point the point is here
right that they are doing they're doing
exactly the same thing that q AK and
McCarthy and all of the Red Scare people
did in the 50s and that they've been
complaining about for all this time
but all those complaints all of history
as told by the left is not history
history is not history it's the agenda
so the guy from Google comes out this is
his name is Nick sock
sacré sec and he's like Google's product
manager and just gives this pro-face
denial that there's any chance that
Google is slanting their searches in
favor of the left which they are
certainly doing but he just looks right
in the camera and says nope not
happening search is not used to set a
political agenda and we don't bias our
results towards any political ideology
we continually work to improve Google
search and we never rank results to
manipulate political sentiment I mean
I've made the comparison before but it
is like the Martians in Mars Attacks who
say we come in peace as they blow you
away of course they are now look part of
this part of this is left-wing prejudice
so baked into our communication society
that they don't even see it so for
instance they're going to privilege
mainstream outlets they're going to
privilege the New York Times they're
going to privilege the networks they're
going to privilege CNN which they
consider mainstream those are all far
left I mean the New York Times when I
call it a former newspaper I'm not
kidding it is a far left vehicle it is a
vehicle that promotes socialism it's a
vehicle that rewrites the Communist
atrocity the atrocity of the Soviet
Union almost daily they try and sell you
the idea that there was nowhere near as
bad as you thought it was and by the way
if you were reading the New York Times
where they buried the story of the
starvation
famines that Stalin purposely caused
that killed 10 some something like 10
million Russian the Ukrainians where
they buried it in the New York Times you
know you maybe you wouldn't have known
it was as bad as it was but these were
people who signed on to communism who
never quite bought they told you there
wasn't a communist who killed John F
Kennedy they've been lying about it
forever and now they continue to live
out there a left-wing newspaper they
used to be a newspaper that slanted left
now they are a left-wing rag and so when
you privilege those things you are in
automatically privileges wing
information but that's not the half of
it
you know eric weinstein easily got from
field capital very break isis the denial
from google is ominous google regularly
biases searches and countless political
ways anti-gun and pro multiculturalism
etc anti-extremist according to many
experiments i've run it does so in a
fashion that is so transparently obvious
has to be comical i have found this too
I mean James Dan lor the guy they fired
for saying men and women are different I
mean that's that's a published
punishable offense at Google they fired
them for saying that the big study comes
from the media Research Center which you
can get you go on meteor MRC and you can
download their entire study some like 40
pages talks about the fact that Twitter
we know is shadow banning project
Veritas caught them shadow banning
conservatives Facebook's trending feed
has been hiding conservative topics and
we saw that egregious attack on our
friend Dennis Prager and that whole
absolute I mean they're so dishonest
Wyatt just come out and say you know
what we got a straightness out why not
straighten it out and said they say oh
no it's just a mistake we just happened
we just happened to you know ban all of
Dennis's videos Google search especially
as you come into and Alexei this is the
thing they don't care after the election
after November they'll be happy to kind
of fit make it fairer a little bit
fairer YouTube of course we have
problems with YouTube every day they D
monetize our videos and they say how
controversial they are but they don't do
it did they do it to the Young Turks
they don't do they no yeah and they
don't take them down if I use material
from an entertainment source they will
cut us down they'll say oh you violated
copyright they never do it to the left
and and they rely on these groups that
hate conservatives to do their
fact-checking for
the Southern Poverty Law Center and the
anti-defamation league there all these
are all guys who thinks that we are
hateful because we believe in the
Constitution and because we believe in
Liberty there's even at Facebook
measures even now a movement James
Barrett was writing about this on our
own daily wire there's a movement
against their culture here's his story
says on the same day that President
Trump unloaded on the political bias
problem among major tech communities
including Google the New York Times
published a memo penned by Facebook
senior engineer Brian Emery gay laying
out the company's problem with political
diversity and calling for a movement
within the company to promote more
tolerance of people with political views
other than just the leftist views he
says are currently enforced by employees
since he posted his memo last week
dozens of fellow employees have joined
this movement the memo is titled we have
a problem with political diversity he
says we are a political monoculture
that's intolerant of different views we
claim to welcome all perspectives but
are quick to attack often in mobs anyone
who presents a view that appears to be
an opposition to left-leaning ideology
we throw labels that end in obe and ist
at each other
attacked like you're in Islam ofoh bore
your racist sexist attacking each
other's character rather than their idea
so that if they're having a movement
within Facebook to stop it you know it's
happening I mean that's that's a big
clue that it's happening so just going
back we know now we know now to look at
all of the history the way the left has
told it and say wait a minute wait a
minute you know what was the real story
doesn't mean the story's the opposite
doesn't suddenly mean Joe McCarthy who
was a drunk and a demagogue doesn't mean
he was suddenly a good guy it simply
means that the Red Scare there there
wasn't a phobia it wasn't a phobia there
were Reds in the State Department and
the left tried to cover it up and some
of the people who got caught up by Hugh
ACK and by McCarthy deserved it some of
the more actual communists working in
the government and in touch with Moscow
and in touch with people who wanted to
turn this into a communist government
some of those people still you know
their descendants their intellectual
descendants still working in both in the
government and in the news departments
and in the Academy and you know every
story is like this I mean that you know
it's all about that what I was talking
Monday is all about whether you believe
in liberty or not whether you're trying
to get people so upset about some other
story whether you're trying to use the
story so upset that they would give up
their guns give up their constitutional
rights allow the supreme court to write
law instead of the legislature allow the
President to use his pen and his phone
as Obama was fond of saying to make law
instead of the legislature it's all
about breaking that Rube Goldberg
machine that Rube Goldberg machine that
protects your freedom and you know
everything they do is like like Trump
the other day he's talking to Christian
leaders and there was a tape that was
put out and CNN and NBC both say they
have heard this tape and Trump is taught
is trying to get the Christian
evangelicals behind him for these
midterms that are coming up because he's
afraid that people will support him but
they won't leave get off their Duff's
and go to the election booth to vote for
other Republicans and he's saying if you
don't vote for Republicans if I lose the
Congress if I lose the house if I lose
the Senate we're gonna lose my agenda as
well so he's trying to pump people up
and he says he says to them this this
this election is very much a referendum
on not only me it's a referendum on your
religion
it's a referendum on free speech and the
First Amendment it's a referendum on so
much and he said it's not a question of
like or dislike whether you like or
dislike the candidate it's a question
that they will that they the Democrats
will overturn everything that they've
done that we've done and they will do it
quickly and violently and violently
there is violence when you look at
entebbe these are violent people okay so
the left goes nuts right that and when I
say the left what I mean is the media
and Chuck Todd mythic Todd remember
remember Chuck Todd brought on a and
Tifa supporter a guy who had written a
book the antifa handbook I think was
called the anti-fascist handbook brought
him on twice to promote his book to
promote his point of view and now he's
shocked I tell you shocked that there is
violence going on in this casino that
there's that Donald Trump is making
reference to violence Chuck Todd is
shocked
he's trafficking in this part of the
Republican base it's not fair to call it
the Republican base although that's what
it is now but a I think in fairness to
you from vote the Trump voters he's
trafficking
in their conspiracies yeah he any
t-touch the antifa an issue in Portland
Oregon okay I will grant you that and in
some places but this is not a giant
issue this reminds me a lot of his
reaction initial reaction to Charlotte's
fault this is this desire to talk about
violence on the left as somehow equal to
or perhaps greater than violence on the
right when there's radicalized violence
right I think you just wants to
rationalize violence yeah that's it
that's a Donald Trump is just
rationalizing violence but all violence
when it's not a big problem it's not a
big problem on the left I mean have you
seen what happens on campuses when
conservatives try to talk have you seen
what happens where you know all all of
these riots even the riot in
Charlottesville would not have happened
would not have happened if the left had
just left the what you know like the
five right-wingers who show up for this
stuff
and I call them right-wingers but
they're not they're the white
supremacists let's call them the five or
ten or twenty white supremacist call if
they just let him go and laughed at them
none of this would happen and Tifa is
the source of a lot of this violence and
a lot of this street violence is from
the left
although Seattle riots that take place
all those Anika's those are left is
creating that violence when you saw the
way the Tea Party showed up and they had
their meetings and they cleaned up after
themselves and then you shot so the way
Occupy showed up and they had rapes and
they left filth all over the place and
and yet the press said this is wonderful
and the pro the problem what Chuck
doesn't realize is the problem is not
ante for the problems him
the problem is him the problem is
mainstream guys in ties and jackets
sitting on TV with the power of that
camera in front of them saying it's fine
it's fine it's not the same here here's
Don Lemon I gotta say I think as a brick
there's Don Lemon a living brick telling
us that there's a big difference this is
cut number two big difference between an
tyfa violence and other violence says it
right in the name antifa anti-fascism
which is what they were there fighting
listen there's you know no organization
is perfect there are some violence no
one condones of violence but there were
different reasons for antifa
and for these neo-nazis to be there one
racist
fascists the other group fighting race
fashions there is a fascist there's a
distinction there it really is as if a
guy in a white sheet showed up and
burned a cross on a black man's lawn and
said I'm here because I'm anti Klan you
know what do you what difference does it
make what you call it but there you know
people name things that you know the
wrong things all the time but but for
Don Lemon boy if you say you're
anti-fascist it you know and uhit's put
on a mask and hit somebody over the head
that's different violence that's the
problem the problem is the condoning of
violence from these guys because the
story is not the story the story of
Donald Trump saying you know there's a
problem with violence on the Left that's
not the story the story is hiding the
fact or rationalizing away the violence
on the left because you are for the left
they're doing this on just about
everything but I have to just make one
point I got to stop because I want to
get to the mailbag and I want there to
be time but I have to make one point
that when you do this when you don't
ground yourself in the facts and this
goes for us too I mean this goes for the
right - if you don't ground yourself in
the facts if you don't ground yourself
in values I mean I am gonna go off on a
little tangent here this whole thing
where everybody hates Jeff Sessions ello
what a terrible thing Jeff Sessions
recused himself Jeff Sessions may have
done the wrong thing he may have
mistaken the the world as it now stands
I'll grant that I don't know if that's
true or not but Jeff Sessions is an
honorable guy who is trying to act
according to his sense of Honor if we
don't have room for that if we're
willing to distort our values to support
Donald Trump down we go we just become
the left and if you want to see
distorted values remember I think it was
this week resident at the New York Times
wrote that thing about stormy Daniels is
a feminist hero now vogue has chimed in
and this designer who refused to design
a dress for Melania Trump has designed a
dress for her and they put her forward
as some kind of fashion symbol and bow
which is the fashion Bible right that's
the fashion the fashion world's Bible
and they put this porn star and what
what can you call her a loose woman you
know I don't know what to call her but
she's obviously it's a woman who
extorted her rich lover had had sex with
a married man extorted her rich lover
not excusing Trump by pointing out what
stormy Daniels is okay and now they're
they're so desperate there
Genda is so this is so important so much
more important than their facts so much
more important than their values that
they descend into self-parody
here is a Brooke Baldwin on CNN
interviewing the writer of this vogue
story Amy chose ik on stormy Daniels and
who she really is
I really wanted to get it kind of a
psychological and personal toll that it
has taken on her being one of the
presidents you know chief adversaries
what is that like and so we really kind
of dove into that over a couple
conversation she's very dry she has this
sardonic wit and it was something that
she kept kind kind of relying on every
time the conversation got too heavy
about this weight that really millions
of Americans have placed on her
shoulders seeing her as this kind of
beacon of the resistance she's sort of
this perfect adversary
she really is I mean I tried to dig into
that a little bit what makes her such a
perfect adversary and it's partly that
she cannot be humiliated I mean she told
me that working in the adult business
there's been harassment her whole life
she said I did not turn on Twitter and
get called a whore for the first time
your biggest takeaway after sitting down
with her I think just how you know fun
she is I think I think people have a
perception about porn stars and what
their kind of sex field lives are like I
mean she's a working mom I mean talking
about her 15 minutes some of her friends
I talked to were like yeah she's got a
family to support is she cashing in when
she can sure and so just kind of how
different it was from our perception of
this you know glamorous or whatever you
think about porn stars she's a working
mom she's got her horses in Texas a gun
she's got a gun she's a Republican she's
following she's fun she's a fun working
mom she's a fun working mom I mean
listen this is what you turn yourself
into this is what you turn yourself into
when you put your agenda above your
values this is what's happening in the
news this is why the news business is in
disrepute with everybody they have put
this left-wing agenda above their values
which should be telling the story should
be bringing the news to people you know
Fox News is slogan we report you decide
that should actually be the slogan of
every journalist they are reporting the
agenda not the story and I just play
this it's like a warning it's like a
warning don't let this happen to you
don't become this woman spouting this
nonsense about this woman who has had
look you know it's not a moral ayat
I have my moral judgments about stormy
Daniel but it's not a moral judgment to
say being a point star is a degraded
life it's a degraded life that is a life
where your body is being used for the
degraded entertainment of men the men
who are watching it are degrading
themselves and I would not I'm not
exempting myself I know what I'm you
know I know what we're talking about but
still still to elevate this stuff
because you're so desperate to get your
hands on the throat of the president is
just embarrassing you've just turned
yourself into an embarrassment and
that's why you know down deep down deep
when the story is not the story you
become you become this vehicle of
absolute nonsense of it you become a
vehicle of absolute stupidity and
twisted values just tell the truth it
will set you free
all right we got the mailbag coming up
it got to say goodbye to Facebook and
YouTube but if only if only you would
come to the Daily wire calm and
subscribe for a lousy 10 bucks a month
or a lousy 100 bucks for the entire year
you could be in the mailbag now saying
froze running out of a mile Barbara
first and then you could ask questions
and I would answer them all come on over
for the mailbag the mailbag I just
always like to picture that truck going
off the road killing killing dozens
all right from Eric oh great and wise
Clavin noir of all the best words whose
cranium reflects God's light and
banishes the darkness true and whose
name is not spelled with these four
years ago my younger sister came out to
my family as a transgender male having
been raised in a conservative Christian
family this has caused some drama to say
the least she insisted that we call her
by a new name and use male pronouns I
think you can tell by the pronouns I'm
using a bit of how I feel about it
however out of respect for her wishes
and a desire not to create a divide
between us that would prevent me from
further speaking into her life I
acquiesced and do as does the rest of my
family at least while in her company and
when referring to her the majority of
the time thankfully our family has not
split over this and still regularly
spends time together eating laughing and
enjoying one another she eventually
married her girlfriend of several years
and again while none of us really
supported the marriage I and all but one
other family member attended the wedding
because she deeply desired for us to be
there she knows generally how I feel
about everything and I assume thinks I'm
a bit blinded by my conservative
Christian views she also knows I love
her immensely which has enabled us to
have dialogue about the whole issue on
occasion I wonder though if I am
approaching this in the right way am i
being hypocritical if I am just enabling
and encouraging a lifestyle I do not
agree with think may ultimately be
unhealthy or if I should continue to
stay the course I'm on I would love to
hear your thoughts on this love the show
and thank you for helping to keep me
sane god bless Eric Eric I think you're
doing exactly the right thing you are
not in charge of her life you are not in
charge of her life she knows how you
feel you're not being a hypocrite
she obviously understands the you know
your feelings about this but you are
giving her God's love that is what God
would do God sits down to dine with
sinners and gives them love may save
them and it may not because they have
their own freewill
your your sister has her own free will
she's living you know a life that you
disapprove of it may be it may be she's
in so much pain with who she is that
it's the only life that will give her
relief I don't know I'm not speaking for
her or against her I'm just saying that
you're doing the right thing give her
the love let her know how you feel if
there's ever a chance that she wants to
come to you and talk about it you know
she can do it otherwise I think you that
you and your family are acting admirably
I think you're acting admirably what
would you gain what would she gain what
would God gain by you you know
constantly hammering her about something
that she already knows you feel I mean
what would she gain but she might gain
she might gain a path to God through
your love and that is it's the only path
as far as I'm concerned and so I think
you're doing the right thing from
Anthony mr. Clavin how do you explain
the chunk the Christian message to
people who were emotionally troubled I
was speaking with a friend the other day
and she said she can't believe in a God
that does so many bad things to people
how would you provide a Christian like
comfort to those who are resistant to
God because of an emotional issue there
are actually two questions in this
letter or two issues in this letter one
is really the same as the letter before
that you you know you show the face of
Christ by by representing the face of
Christ the love the values the the joy
and and the respect you know that people
that God shows to people even in their
sin even in their trouble even in their
mistakes and that I think represe
you know it does so much more than
preaching you know obviously you want
people to know where your joy comes from
you want people to know what your values
are rooted in but preaching it is
different you know that's saying it
occasionally or at least letting people
know what it is is different than
hammering people with it you know I
always think a lot of times when I hear
people preaching I think they're
preaching for them not for the person
they're talking to when you preach for
the person you're talking to a lot of
times you don't need the words you just
need the love the other thing though I
just want to bring up that there's also
this other issue in here where somebody
says to you she can't believe in a God
that does so many bad things to people
that's an argument it's an intellectual
argument and you you don't want it when
people are emotionally troubled getting
into intellectual arguments with them is
really not going to help you know that
you're not going to convince anybody by
logic to come to God you convince them
by showing them what God is for your
love but I do think just so you know the
answer to that argument is that how do
you even know it's unjust that things
that bad things happen to people how do
you know it's unjust how do you know
where does that
value come from what is that your
knowledge that some things are bad and
some things are unjust and some things
are right and some things are wrong
where does that come from if you know it
beyond you know just your relative
values just the fact that you were
taught it just the fact that America is
a kind of a good country where you learn
those values if you know it beyond those
things it's because that those values
come from a consciousness greater than
your own and the very fact that you know
that the world is broken that the world
is not the way it's supposed to be is
proof that there is a greater
consciousness that has instilled those
values in you and upholds those values
from Jonathan Lord clayvin enforcer of
order and sustainer of universes I have
been on my shoulders I have been
interested in writing for a long time
and while I am really good at creating
in-depth universes I have problems
building plot depth and creating
interesting characters what are the
steps that you take in writing a
fictional story and how do you develop
characters any advice would be
appreciated Thanks you know by the way
I'm not a big science-fiction fan
although recently I wanted to educate
myself in science fiction and so I
looked up what are the big classics in
science fiction and found to my surprise
that I'd read almost all of them so I
guess I know more about it than I
thought I did but but science fiction
frequently is based on big ideas and
doesn't really have very good characters
doesn't really have you know characters
that matter and that to me is a shame
because I think it's characters
characters are mainly what I come to
stories for to get an in-depth
representation of the human race and so
I love it when a science fiction story
also has great characters but they're
very famous stories I was thinking of of
childhoods end which is a really
fascinating piece of science fiction but
the characters are all kind of cutouts
and they're not very good so I'm just
saying that science fiction is a realm
where that often happens however to
answer your question in terms of out of
plotting I'm a big outliner and one of
the good things about outline is you can
see that your story is too simple you
can see that it needs more depth you can
see that it needs more twists and turns
you can see it on the page before you're
deep into it and putting those things in
would mean rewriting a hundred pages
when you only you know an outline maybe
say it's ten to 20 pages a really good
long scene-by-scene outline you can see
when something's wrong and just shifted
more like writing a screenplay and that
really works as for character dude it's
about observation it's about looking at
people learning people seeing what
people are you don't create characters
when you sit down to write you create
can you store characters by observing
the world and keeping your eyes open and
trying to understand people and it's one
of the reasons that I'm a kind of person
who would rather listen to you talk to
me than me explain you to yourself that
is one of the reasons as a writer one of
the things about being a novelist and
not a journalist primarily is I just
want to get things right I just want to
describe things journalists are
basically telling a like I said they
have an agenda but a novelist a good
novelist is just trying to describe the
world as it really is so look at people
without judgment I don't pass judgment
oh I'm just look at who they are just
look at how they act look at how they
behave and see if you can translate that
into on to the page I mean that's kind
of the right that's kind of where you
start that's the writers art from
Zachary mr. Clavin I was ecstatic when
Trump got rid of ten expenditures which
essentially ended the climbing national
debt later he gave in to a demand for a
spending bill that has not only granted
more spending but a spending that is
greater than the horrific Obama
administration will the debt ever be
addressed and that is a really good
question I think it is a crisis question
it's the unspoken crisis it's the thing
that Paul Ryan is retiring without
having address the thing he wanted to
address the thing he tried to get people
into involved in into so they would
start to dial back entitlements and
advance social security so you collected
it a little later and that would help
the debt the problem is the problem is
is the structure of electoral politics
favors stupid spending so for instance
one of our big problems in California is
unpaid pensions right we haven't got
unfunded pensions why does that happen
well the guy the police or the firemen
come to the mayor and they say we want
to raise and the mayor says look at my
budget I don't have any money in the
budget I can't give you a raise they
said well give me give us higher
pensions and the mayor thinks to himself
huh the pensions don't kick in for ten
years I'll be out of office what's the
diff right so he does it he's not
responsible for it the bill when the
bill comes
he'll be in Florida on the beach you
know and when California collapses and
when some governor some governor has to
go to the police and the fire department
in the and the municipal workers and say
hey guess what
we can't pay your pensions we don't have
the money we would have to tax everybody
to death to pay off your pensions that
guy is not the guy who made the
concession in the negotiations same
thing is true in the federal level so
easy so easy for these people on the
left to say oh free this and free that
and I always say you know the word free
has no meaning there's no me I mean
maybe the stars and the moon belong to
everyone the best things in life are
free but when you're talking about the
labor of others it all cost money and
they say free healthcare that word means
nothing when they say free education
nothing when you hear somebody say free
what you should translate that into is I
am standing before you talking nonsense
so you will vote for me but the thing is
when you vote for that guy and the the
bill finally comes due he's not gonna be
there anymore you know it's then he can
say then they say to you oh we just have
to raise taxes on the rich we just raise
taxes on the rich and then when all the
jobs leave and the economy collapses and
and the spirit goes out of the country
they're gone it's the you know that's
already over so the the structure is
built to encourage stupid spending it
takes somebody with moral courage like
Paul Ryan to come out and say we got to
address this and he failed because it
was easier and and Donald Trump is
partly to blame for this not only he's
not only to blame for it but he's partly
to blame for it for saying I will not
touch your Social Security
touch it you've got oh it's the bait
it's the ballast of the debt is that
where most of the debt is coming from it
can be reformed and preserved without
destroying the country and without
destroying a generation so I'm not I
won't say I'm optimistic but I haven't
lost all hope that's the way it comes
because people with courage do come
along I will give you one more here
Laura is interesting from Cody Lord
cleverness firstly thank you so much for
your show and Dauntless pursuit of
truth-telling the daily wire podcasts
and articles yours especially or a
bright spot in my day and in this dark
world my question how do you feel about
the modern day application of the third
commandment do not take the name of the
Lord your God in vain when I was young
my grandparents would not even allow me
to say gosh our golly for fear of being
too close to taking God
name in vain today standards even for
Christians seem to be relaxed but it's
still grates on me to hear it I would
love your thoughts on this and other
things in a similar vein Thank You Cody
from Mt what is that Montana is really
is such an I could go on forever on this
and I won't but you know our language we
have allowed our language to get
degraded you know we have allowed our
we've allowed our self to be convinced
that four-letter words don't have any
meaning it's just being a prig to say
that you shouldn't use them we use them
in conversation I am as guilty of this
as anyone I'm not saying I'm not but we
use them too as you know as adjectives
and commas and whatever you want women
use them which is always a bad thing
because women set the tone of
conversation and men will clean up their
act
if if women clean up theirs first that
will happen as they just took down a
sign in a school it said if you act like
a lady men will act like a gentleman
that is true that is simply that's why
they took it down because it's true we
can't have any truth running around in
our schools but I and I think this is
also true that like to not to you to use
the word with God you the name of God
circumspectly is to teach yourself to
train yourself to respect your Creator
it is to teach yourself that it is not a
question of who you did a bad thing of
oh you're naughty oh you know you're
sinner it is simply to train your own
heart and mind in respect for God which
will make you happier smarter and wiser
that is why you do it
and it is interesting to me that the
only word the only word that still seems
to have meaning is the n-word such that
if you use the N word in the sentence oh
what an awful thing it is to use the
n-word you get fired I mean it's insane
it is insane and that's the kind of
thing we were talking about earlier when
I showed the stormy Daniels thing when
you have a stupid set of values like yes
use the Lord's name in vain yes use
four-letter words when you have a stupid
set of values you end up in a in a
stupid place you end up living a stupid
life and a life in which a person can
say oh you know the n-word that's awful
and get fired is insane and a life where
people don't think about God and don't
pay him the due respect not again
not
because it's evil not because it's
wicked just to train their own minds and
what's important is a degraded life and
I am miss guilty of it as anybody else
and I'm not looking down on anybody I'm
simply saying that you're right it is
it's it's too bad all right I got to
stop I'm really went long but let's
let's go on to tickety-boo news I will
make this quick uh you know when I we
talked about the media and when we
talked about censorship and when we talk
about the censorious left cutting down
conversations on campus and and in HR HR
in corporations and shutting everybody
up and everybody's called a racist and
everybody's a sexist we should also
remember we should also remember that
that is a reaction to the extraordinary
leap in free speech that we have taken
over the last 50 years even the cursing
I was just talking about is part of a
leap in free speech we I would like to
see responsibility come along with that
speech not such that you yell at me
whenever I say something you dislike but
such that I say to myself when I wake up
in the morning hey you know what watch
the way you talk I mean I still I still
try very hard to watch the way I talk
around ladies I have to say the ladies
don't like it because they they go out
of their way to Carson from put out but
I try I try because I believe in it I I
try because I believe in I do try not to
use the name of God in vain you know I
try and do it but the thing the point I
want to make that our free speech right
now is that a peak what we're fighting
for something we didn't have fifty years
ago and that's a wonderful thing we
shouldn't forget that it is a good thing
that an artist can say whatever he wants
to say it is a good thing that we have
all this media where we the the right
can fight back against the
claustrophobic smothering influence of
the left we have got voices that we
didn't have fifty years ago remember it
used to just be CBS ABC and NBC with the
kind of mild left-wing slant and now
those those have become far-left venues
but there's the Daily wire there's pj
media there's all these other voices out
there it has become more various it has
become more free what we're fighting for
is something new and great and we should
appreciate the greatness of it as we
battle the
like Google and Twitter and Facebook who
for their own reasons and for their own
political agenda are trying to take it
away the reason they're trying to take
it away is because we have it that's why
and we should appreciate the fact that
we have it every day and it is a
beautiful thing and even listening to
people curse when they shouldn't is part
of that I would rather have to listen to
people use foul language then listen to
people who were not allowed to speak
their minds okay so I think we should
just stop every now and again and
appreciate that we've had a great
Supreme Court on this for decades
defending free speech and I think and I
think we should just cherish it and
fight all the harder to keep it all
right we'll be back tomorrow the last
day before the long Clavin this weekend
is coming so you do not want to miss it
you're going to need all that Clavin e
goodness to get you through the three
day four day good golly of four day
Clavin this weekend so be here tomorrow
I'm Andrew Clavin this is the Andrew
Klavan show
the Andrew Klavan show is produced by
Robert Sterling executive producer
Jeremy boring senior producer Jonathan
hey our supervising producer is Mathis
Glover technical producer Austin Stevens
edited by Alex zingaro audio is mixed by
Mike Carmina hair and makeup is by
Jesuit Vera and our animations are by
Cynthia Angulo and Jacob Jackson the
Andrew Clavin show is a daily wire for
word publishing production copyright for
word publishing 2018
