speaking of toxic masculinity talking of
toxic masculinity louis c.k you remember
this we remember when louis c.k exposed
himself to a bunch of women and
co-workers and people now he showed up
recently in a comedy club and he started
performing people were surprised you
know someone complained and said I
didn't know he was going to be here this
is nine months after five women
co-workers you know accused him of
assaulting them so Michael in black
Lefty par excellance
he comes out and he tweets this quote
will take heat for this but people have
to be allowed to serve their time and
move on with their lives I don't know if
it's been long enough or his career will
recover or if people will have him back
but I'm happy to see him try okay so
Michael Ian Black is the guy who
previously tweeted quote this is right
after Trump was elected tonight I
explained sexual assault to my 13 year
old daughter hashtag Magga okay he also
tweeted at Ted Cruz he said hi Ted Cruz
this was when the race was going on in
Alabama for the Senate hi Ted Cruz just
wondering if you've seen the latest
allegation of sexual assault of a 16
year old by Roy Moore and if you still
endorse his candidacy
so that's Michael Ian Black and now he's
coming around when it's one of his when
it was a Republican who's been accused
of sexual crimes then he's on his high
horse he's sanctimonious when it's a
friend of his all of a sudden we need a
little grace we need a little mercy we
need to let people have you know come on
man let them recover this is total
hackery and it brings up this point that
we've talked about a little earlier with
the dupes I think sometimes people think
that I'm advocating too much for Donald
Trump right play favorites or something
like that and that isn't the case I'm
not being partisan here I'm just being
honest and these people are not being
honest people like Michael Ian Black
self-serious on his high horse
sanctimonious until it's his friend and
then all of a sudden it's completely
different because Michael Ian Black
obviously does not care about sexual
assault he doesn't seem to care about it
one little bit he's just scoring
political points
had he not said that about louis c.k
then perhaps we could take him seriously
but he's trying to score political
points and there are a lot of people
this happens in politics too when people
try to tell you oh I don't have a
preference here oh no I
no no I'm just I'm floating above it all
I'm above it all I'm just you know I'm
I'm self-righteous in this or whatever
you can tell that those guys have a
partisan agenda and they're just not
being honest
Ben has said this very well about the
daily wire and CNN people say the daily
wire is right-wing he said yes we have a
point of view but we're open about our
point of view CNN is not open about its
point of view that's why they're fake
news and we're not fake news this is
very important because demagogues always
do this they always try to say oh I'm
floating above all this how dare you how
dare you get on your high horse but
honest people are gonna deal honestly
with you and president Trump does this
very very much in in his daily politics
which is he doesn't pretend to be
something other than he is he doesn't
pretend to have different goals than he
has he doesn't pretend that his politics
are in his politics he's openly
political he is guilelessly political
this is horrifying to some who have been
soaked in this incompetent mucky culture
of Lies and oiliness and it's refreshing
to others who say oh at least I know
where I stand
oh he said he was gonna rip up NAFTA and
then he did oh he said he was gonna
lower taxes and then he did oh he said
he was gonna good I know where I stand
this is a very good thing
