so here's a story lacy bras for men are
now a thing
you can also buy matching knickers do we
have a picture of this oh my god now I'm
Mike I just went blind I can't see
anything well at lingerie brand on the
steer is making that's my bad French
accent Oh miss Tara is making lacy
underwear and sleepwear especially for
men ladies if you've ever looked at your
man's underwear and thought it was a bit
dull then you're not alone there's so
much choice when it comes to women's
underwear but mostly men have boxers or
briefs however that's all about to
change as one lingerie company has
created a unique line of bras and
knickers
especially for men knickers panties all
must have this you know there's an old
expression that news is what happens to
your editors friends you know like every
new every reporter knows this like if
and this this kind of story is what
happens to your editors gay friends I
mean this is really this is what they
you know I I the editor has a couple of
gay friends and they say oh yes now
we're getting manicures with our nails
pink or whatever they're doing this week
and it's like that means a story comes
out men or having manicures with their
nails pink here's the thing whenever I
see these stories I think I think about
one thing when you know how they have
these things Ben calls them Roach Motels
on the side of every website there are
these little little things that you're
supposed to click on clickbait stuff
that you go and look at pictures of
World War 2 or pictures of disasters or
the last picture somebody took before
you was eaten by a snake or something
like this right have you ever noticed
that each and every single one of them
has a woman with large breasts on it
have you ever noticed this it's like
same incredible pictures of World War 2
and it's just like a girl in a Nazi
uniform with big breasts you know the
reason I bring this up is that nature
never changes future doesn't care what
you think
it doesn't care if you think there are
47 genders it doesn't care if you think
that men are gonna suddenly change stop
being men it doesn't care if you think
that women are now you're just Wonder
Woman it doesn't care all it wants to do
is look at breasts major wants it wants
men to look at breasts and sleep with
women so there are more people that is
wholly sure wants and it
doesn't go away it never goes away
that's why I like there was another
story Amanda presto wrote that they were
having a liberal cities were flooded
with feminists over the weekend seeking
nipple equality for the annual go
topless day for feminism they're going
topless you know now I'm a feminist so
now it's like what I love about these
people is they just they there's a war
on reality they just don't look if they
just would look at these little pictures
on the side doesn't matter what it is
the last picture she took before she was
eaten by a boa constrictor and look at
those breasts that's all they sure wants
it wants men to look at breasts and
sleep with women so there are more
people never changes don't listen if a
headlines suggest anything else it just
ain't so
