I do have to talk about the stupidest
tweet on the Internet today just went
just very quickly before we go the CNN
contributor Symone Sanders it's big
lefty she tweets quote Molly Tibbets was
murdered because she told a man to leave
her alone while she was jogging her
murderer happens to be undocumented that
that's lefty talk for illegal alien
because he I was I was undocumented when
I worked as a fourteen-year-old at
Subway that was that was an undocumented
person this guy's an illegal alien who
broke our laws and was here illegally
she goes on her murder happens to be
undocumented
this isn't about border security this is
about toxic masculinity Molly Tibbets
lost her life because a man couldn't
take her saying no full stop I I hate if
you're watching Simone I hate to be the
bearer of bad news it's a bad border
security
it's about illegal aliens that's what
it's about toxic masculinity what what
on earth I think the issue here is that
lefties must feel immense guilt because
they're reckless lawless amoral advocacy
of open borders and not supporting
border laws is leading to Americans
being murdered time and time again
there's a there's a name for the the
mother's angel mothers of mothers whose
kids have been killed by illegal aliens
this is not the same by the way as
people people they try to flip it
they'll say well you must feel guilty if
you're a pro second amendment at all the
people who get shot know there's no gun
control law that's been proposed in
recent times that would have stopped any
of these big shootings there's none
however immigration enforcement would
have stopped all of these murders if we
actually enforce the law detained and
deported illegal aliens in this country
none of the people killed by illegal
aliens would have been killed by
definition because they wouldn't be here
it's really bad I understand why why
they feel guilt about this but it's
really horrific I mean she's getting
some blowback about this all over the
internet and she really should that's a
really vicious way to politicize a death
and to try to wipe the blood off her
hands but she probably won't be able to
