so Rachel wants to know how you
pronounce this word oh here we go
I don't want to here we go I want to run
right so the question is how do you
pronounce graphic I think what Rachel is
alluding to is the word jiff graphics
interchange format jiff now so there's a
big debate is a gif or is it jiff there
was a debate not often thank you because
the creator said it do you want to
change the name of Sunday Rachel that
yeah do you want it that's exactly
that's exactly right that's our Bible in
our seminary I want to change names what
did the creator call it that's right
let's go it and it you know by the way I
get it there are some worst of all this
whole thing how do you pronounce graphic
you don't pronounce it giraffe ik that's
ridiculous when you you know when you
use acronyms as a word and pronounce the
letters as they fit in that word as they
fit in the original words but sure
there's a girl gift-giving okay those
are hard jeez
there is gibberish gypsy you know plain
words have a soft G so when the guy says
it's pronounced jiff we have to create
it we have to go that this is a debate
essentially over prescriptivism and
descriptivism in language some people
say there are rules to language you can
speak properly or improperly some people
say nah man
hey it's just whatever you know it's
just words man and like so okay
obviously language evolves over time but
the descriptivists types these
hippie-dippie lefties they want to
accelerate that because they use
language to pervert the culture so it is
incumbent I know this seems like a minor
point it is incumbent on all freedom
god-fearing America loving conservatives
to pronounce it jiff what do you do at
her please do that was much more
eloquent argument than mine I'm just
like the dude that made it that made the
best thing on the internet my humble
opinion yeah you want to change the name
assign the ability to make amazing Jess
right like just do what he says do what
he says you know it's the table has
accepted it Rob used to be in the gift
camp
oh yeah no you've got to come over I
mean I get it some people they like
really hate their dads or something
they're like yeah dad I'll show you I'm
gonna bring yeah okay it's all right I
know you might have a problem with
authority you might not like rules and
discipline decadent cultures demand
little bit of discipline
