tell me if you had the power
how would you personally change the
media
well well starting with the news media
I wrote this about 15 years ago in the
LA Times because the news media was
having economic problems I said try
hiring some conservatives you know not a
few conservatives but half the people in
your place should be conservatives there
should be people on the editorial desk
who have the power over what stories go
on the air what stories make it a fun
page who voted for Donald Trump not who
voted Republican ones but who voted for
Don they should be that that should be
like 50% of your staff the other 50%
should be crazy people I said so that
that's the first thing I would do about
the news media the other thing I would
do is start to build venues in an
infrastructure that celebrated our
values almost more important almost more
important than building movie studios
and things like that are building
sophisticated magazines sophisticated
podcasts that discuss the arts and the
culture from a conservative point of
view you know if my wife wants to hear
about the culture she listens to NPR so
she's getting a great big dose of
socialism with her you know jazz
discussion we don't do that we met we
always go for the lowest common
denominator which is fine but we never
go for the elites and ideas do trickle
down just like money you know so what I
would do is I would just build an
infrastructure I'd give awards to
artists who put forward conservative
ideas I would give you know review
venues for them and then I would build a
place where concert where conservative
artists would be welcomed and celebrated
and could work together and talk
together I think you got to do it from
the ground up it's like you can't build
a baseball team by just the way George
Steinbrenner used to just by all the
stars you got to get those that farm
team going and bring them up through the
ranks and I think we've got to start at
the beginning
