I must admit that there is a tendency
among some Catholics to shy away from
discussing the abuse scandals and I I
think this reluctance well it could have
two causes number one it's it's a
horrible and painful thing so it's
easier not to talk about it and that
feeling doesn't justify ignoring the
situation but of course it is an
understandable feeling but number two I
think many Catholics know that the
outrage against the church though
deserved objectively speaking is in many
cases disingenuous you know they know
that a lot of people simply hate the
Catholic Church and they hate Catholics
and they're eager to jump on any
opportunity to criticize it and and and
that they also know that that if they
themselves as Catholics publicly
criticized the church for the sex
scandal lot of other people will join
them in the criticism but the criticism
will quickly morph into an assault on
the church in general and on Catholics
in general I've experienced that myself
this week I can't tell you how many
times as I've been talking about the
scandals I've had people say I agree
Catholics are Satanists and I'm like no
that's not what I'm saying that's not
what I said at all I know you don't
agree I and so there's a lot of that I
think a lot of Catholics are like I
don't want it I don't to be a part I
don't want to I don't want to end up in
part it as part of that conversation and
there's also a double standard that many
of the people who are so worried about
sex abuse in the Catholic Church are not
worried about it anywhere else even in
their own institutions so it seems like
there are people who are super focused
like they're so concerned about sex
abuse of Catholic Church even though
they're not Catholic themselves they
don't send their kids the Catholic
Church they're so worried about that but
the in the institutions where they like
they send their kids to public school or
they go to a different church they're
not focused on it they're they don't
care about that it's only in the
Catholic Church um and so I think a lot
of Catholics they see that and then they
say you know I I just even though the
abuse is horrible I don't know I don't
want to talk about it publicly for that
reason
now I very much sympathize with that
inclination but I also feel that it's
it's it's our obligation all the same to
discuss the scandals and to publicly
voice our outrage and disgust and so
that's what I've tried to do this week
no matter the double standards no matter
the hypocrisy is no matter the
anti-catholic bigotry is all that exists
but still the fact remains that these
terrible things have happened are still
happening most likely and and so they
must be exposed and condemned from by
not just people from without but by
people from within when you get to the
point where it's only people from
without criticizing then you've got a
big problem
I think in life you just need to do the
right thing personally and say the right
things and not worry about how other
people are going to react to it or how
they might use it and twist it to their
own benefit you just do the right thing
and let the chips fall where they may I
think that's the only way to approach
life still I do feel the need to after I
you know I've been focused on this issue
a lot this week been talking about it
I've obviously made my feelings
perfectly clear but I do feel the need
to expand this conversation beyond the
Catholic Church for a moment because
although I expected this reaction I've
still been very disturbed by much of
what I'm hearing and reading from non
Catholics much of the email I received
I've received from non Catholics
especially non-catholic Christians I
would say that easily the majority of
the emails and messages from that latter
group have been extraordinarily prideful
and almost gloating in tone
I cannot tell you how many times I've
I've read this week words to the effect
of I'm so happy that doesn't happen in
my church
now most people aren't saying it exactly
like that although a few people have
told me exactly that verbatim but most
people don't say it like that
exactly but that's the general message
of oh that's a Catholic problem I'm so
glad that's why I'm not Catholic so I
don't have that Catholic problem I've
been informed by many people that the
Catholic Church is abuse problem is
unique and other churches better
churches don't have these issues I've
been told that if somebody wants to
escape the religious sex abuse problem
all they need to do is escape the
Catholic Church that's what I've been
told oh you don't say just leave the
Catholic Church and that's the problem
solved because that doesn't happen
anywhere else flee into the arms of
other churches where these same things
simply don't occur because we've got it
figured out it doesn't happen here for
with us it only happens over there with
those guys secular people have displayed
a similar attitude of course the media
and Hollywood is always eager to spike
the football anytime the Catholic Church
is lands in hot water they're they're
always eager to jump on that they're
very excited about it and they will
usually do so as insulting ly in
degrading ly as possible Trevor Noah
Trevor Noah for instance said yesterday
on The Daily Show that the Catholic
Church is now nothing but a quote
molesting club with opening prayer which
is obviously a slam not just on the
bishops and priests responsible it's a
slam on all Catholics it's a saying that
that all Catholics are part of a
molesting Club now I find this
especially ironic coming from someone in
the Hollywood media world where child
rape and sex abuse are extremely and now
infamously common I might even call
Noah's industry a molesting club with
green screens can I say that it's
interesting to me that Trevor Trevor
Noah has never described Hollywood in
the media in those terms
has he no he saves that level of disgust
for the institutions
that he is not himself a part of as for
the other Christians who have been doing
the Pharisee routine of thank you Lord
that I am NOT like them I should tell
you that your churches are not immune to
this far from it sex abuse is a very
serious problem in the evangelical world
and across all protestant churches a
report that was published a few years
ago from three of the companies that
ensure most of the protestant churches
in the country revealed that they handle
around 260 abuse claims every year in
protestant churches now if that average
holds year-to-year
that means the abuse problems in terms
of sheer numbers is actually worse in
protestant churches than it is in the
catholic church that was actually the
opinion of a Liberty University law
professor and I think is the grandson of
Billy Graham who said recently that he
thinks Protestant churches are worse
than Catholics at least when it comes to
responding to abuse claims so at the
very least what I'll say is and the last
thing I want to do is get into a
competition of your worse no you're
worse at sex abuse there simply is what
I'll say is the point I'm trying to make
there simply is no evidence and no
reason to think that the abuse situation
is better in Protestant churches then in
that in Catholic there's no reason to
think that no no no no evidence none I
have heard from some people that this is
less of a problem Protestant churches
because those churches are don't have a
global mechanism by which to cover up
these crimes and that's true but that
doesn't mean they don't have a mechanism
even if the mechanism just is consist of
just one pastor who rules over the
church by himself and is accountable to
no one and so is in effect a sort of
little pope unto himself in his church
well that's a mechanism there are many
cases of that a pastor he's accountable
no one in this church he abuses someone
well okay then the mechanism to cover it
up is pretty simple
because he's the only guy in charge
or maybe the mechanism is a is a church
board or or whatever the point is
abusers will find a way to exploit the
circumstances no matter the
circumstances as an abuser there are
certain advantages that you can exploit
in the Catholic Church environment there
are certain advantages that you can
exploit in the Protestant church
environment okay it's it's it's some
changes either way so we know it's a big
problem in media and Hollywood it's a
big problem in the churches catholic and
protestant it's a big problem in the
sports world we think of Penn State
think of women's gymnastics it's a
problem in the medical profession there
was a recent report that was published
that found thousands of case cases of
physician sex abuse across America the
worst child molester in history was a
pediatrician in Delaware he molested
hundreds of children's for years before
he was caught and then what about public
schools our school systems are crawling
with sex predators there was a study
commissioned by the Department of
Education which found that one in ten
public school students are target's of
sexual misconduct by teachers that works
out to over four million victims and out
of that number three million have
experienced actual sexual assault so
that's another million they've got four
million a million of that is you know
could be sexual harassment or some other
form and then three million according to
this report is is actual sexual assault
by teachers against students the
epidemic in our schools statistically is
100 times worse than it is in the
Catholic Church though it's probably
gotten about a hundred times less media
attention
and that's just abuse by teachers
against students and then you have abuse
by students against other students which
is a problem unto itself
recently the AAP found 17 thousand cases
of student on student abuse in a four
year period so you've got you've got one
in ten students who are victims of
sexual misconduct by teachers seventeen
thousand cases of student on student
abuse just just to put this in
perspective the the situation in
Pennsylvania which is a horrible
situation and I've been railing against
it all week but in that case you have I
believe it's a thousand victims
something like three hundred priests
accused over five or six decades which
is still terrible and awful and in
demonic and every word and you run out
of adjectives to describe it because
it's so terrible but um even that does
not represent the kind of volume it
doesn't come anywhere near the kind of
volume that you have in the public
schools so why aren't we having a
national conversation about that why are
we having a national conversation about
the crisis in our schools why isn't
anyone talking about it I mean I I've
talked about it many times nobody cares
is that that's the incredible thing to
me about this issue know people care so
much about more about the Catholic
Church situation meanwhile most people
care about it they don't even go to
Catholic their kids are not you know
their kids are not threatened by priests
your if you send your kid to public
school you should care about this it is
extremely common one in ten students I
think that qualifies as extremely common
I think it does seventeen thousand cases
I think that qualifies as a huge problem
if you send your kids to public school
how could you not be focused on this how
could you be more focused on the
Catholic Church when you're setting your
kid into this environment for six hours
a day five days a week nine months a
year for thirteen years do you
understand the statistical probability
that he that he that he will be at the
very minimum sexually harassed by a
teacher
it is a the problem the probability is
substantial let's put it that way so why
aren't we talking about and why is it
Trevor Noah describing the public school
system as a quote molesting club with
textbooks so media Hollywood Catholic
Church Protestant Church sports medicine
public schools I bring all this up not
to minimize the problem in the Catholic
Church but to do the opposite the point
I'm trying to establish is that the
problem is much bigger than the church I
wish it was just confined to the
Catholic Church or to some other
institution I wish most of all I could
look at Hollywood and say oh yes it just
happens in Hollywood you know cuz my
kids are never gonna be in Hollywood I'm
never gonna go to Hollywood and it's
easy for me to say oh yeah those de
botched perverts in Hollywood and there
are a lot of debauch perverts in
Hollywood but I wish I could say oh yeah
it's all happening there but I can't the
problem is much bigger than that
and if you're sitting off and thinking
whoa I'm a true I'm so glad I don't have
to worry about it because I'm not
Catholic well if you're thinking that
you're a fool if you send your kid to
public school if you play sports and he
goes to the doctor if he's if he's in a
youth group at church you know how often
you hear about youth pastors molesting
their 14 and 15 year old kids that are
in their charge you know officer you
know you know how common that is so if
you send your kid into any of those
environments there is a real possibility
of abuse this is a disease that infects
the culture and every institution is
vulnerable to it every institution
nobody is exempt the problem not only
exists everywhere it is really bad
everywhere these other institutions that
I've mentioned it's not like there have
been a few cases there it's there have
been a ton of cases in all of those
institutions
until we start to see the problem in
these terms and still we until we stop
acting like this is a danger confined to
places where we don't go and we don't
send our children until we face the full
reality nothing will get better that's
the point I'm trying to make that is it
doesn't that that provides no excuses
whatsoever for any of these particular
institutions or anyone in those
institutions not at all and the people
who are it you know if you're in a
Protestant Church you need to be focused
especially on what's going on pressing
charges you're in the Catholic Church
you'll be focused especially on that if
you if you are in Hollywood then you got
to be focused especially on that people
in these institution have to be looking
within themselves in their own ranks
first and then look without because it's
so easy to it's so easy I could sit here
all day railing against Hollywood and
and they deserve to be railed against
and it doesn't and of course we should
talk about it I'm not saying we should
never discuss it you know I'm not saying
if you're if you're not in Hollywood it
means you should never talk about it but
it's it's easy to do it's so easy you
know you risk nothing
it doesn't make you at all uncomfortable
because it's all about them it's the
other it's over there it's not me
and so yeah we got to do some of that
because we all have to be holding each
other accountable but if we're only
doing that if we're only looking without
and we're never looking within then we
are only contributing to the overall
cultural problem because that's a big
part of the reason why these these
situations get so bad within these
institutions because the people in the
institutions do not want to look within
themselves and they're always looking
out there
now you may ask why is this problem so
prevalent now that we've established it
that it's not so easy as saying oh yeah
it's a Catholic problem or oh it's a
Protestant problem or oh it's a
Hollywood problem now we've established
that and we see how prevalent it is it
creates a whole new you know it creates
a whole new mystery of a very disturbing
one where we say how is this so common
in our culture how how is this going on
everywhere well we know that at root as
Christians we know that this goes back
to the fall of man we are a fallen
species and so these sins have always
existed ever since the fall of man and
they always will but we can ask
ourselves have they always been this
common has it always been the case
that every institution in American
culture is riddled with abuse
molestation rape etc has that always
been the case I guess there's no way to
know for sure we can't it's hard you
can't really look back into into the
past and quantify these sorts of
problems especially by the nature of the
problem means people doing it or not
going to exactly be keeping records of
what they did so it's hard to know
exactly but it certainly seems like it's
worse now
I would like to think that anyway I'd
hate to think that it's just always been
this way forever that it's always been
this bad forever because if that's the
case then you really think well it's an
it'll never get better
there's it's like you there's no prompt
there's no point in even and even trying
to make it better because apparently it
can never be better but I don't think
that's the case I do think it appears to
be worse now than in the past and I
think that it is and I think that goes
back to a general moral breakdown in our
culture and a kind of moral indifference
a breakdown of empathy which has led to
this moral indifference and when you
have when you've got a breakdown in the
kind of moral code and then you have
perversion and debauchery hedonism that
becomes more prevalent and at the same
time people are becoming desensitized
and indifferent
unless able to see and recognize the
dignity in their fellow man and often
these things happen at the same time but
as they happen and as they get worse I
think of course you're gonna see more of
this and when you read about these
horrible cases in any of these
institutions we're talking specifically
about the Catholic Church you read about
some of this these things these priests
were doing you see not only that are
these depraved perverts but also they
just have no they just simply do not
recognize the humanity of anyone other
than themselves
and so they can look at children and see
nothing but objects to be used for their
pleasure and I think we see that more
and more in our culture where we we look
at each other even even people who
aren't child molesters I still think
there is this tendency among a lot of
people to see other people as just
objects as not as human beings but as
objects to be used to be exploited to be
tossed to the side whatever and all of
that I think leads us here and if there
is going to be any improvement we all
have to look immediately around
ourselves within our own ranks and start
there and then work out from there
thanks for watching everybody thanks for
listening Godspeed
you
