the American Association of journalistic
mendacity has issued new guidelines for
the coverage of demonstrations the
guidelines came in the wake of last
weekend's marches in which thousands of
left-wing activists assaulted or
insulted or threatened to kill police
officers journalists passers-by puppy
dogs innocent children President Trump
and the entire United States of America
whereas evil fascist white supremacists
pleaded with their 20 followers to cease
their hateful ways and live in peace and
harmony with all mankind the aaj M said
the news coverage tended to slightly
favor the peaceful and virtually
non-existent white supremacist by
showing them to be peaceful and
virtually non-existent
while the violent leftist multitudes was
shown unfairly as being violent and
multitudes this is in violation of the
organization's credo first spread no
information that makes leftist look bad
second lie like a house afire according
to the new guidelines journalists should
refer to non violent fascists as violent
fascists whereas violent leftists shall
be referred to as anti hate groups
journalists who get knocked to the
ground and kicked by peaceful anti hate
groups shall report the journalists were
caught up in clashes where's journalists
who are asked directions by white
supremacists shall report they were
accosted by violent fascists
demonstrations in which left has caused
violence and no right wingers appear
whatsoever shall be taken as evidence
that we live in a divided country as
opposed to an indication that we live in
a great country under attack by violent
leftists and the fact that no one can
find in a fascist to play around a
fascist bridge she'll be taken to
indicate that those who are festering
with anti black hatred are simply too
cowardly to actually exist using these
simple guidelines the American
Association of journalistic mendacity
says even amateur journalists should be
able to become lying dirtbags like the
professionals trigger warning I'm Andrew
Clavin this is the Andrew Clavin show
all right my friends it is mailbag day
it has come that's that's right and the
reason she's cheering like that is
because she knows your problems are
minutes away from being solved
you can ask I got questions today are
hard they are hard hard questions you
start to send me you know some of the
easy ones like you know what day is it
that would be I would love something
like it's a little break
also expressvpn this is such a cool
thing it is a virtual privacy network
you're online you're looking at stuff
maybe you're watching the Michael Nowell
show and you feel a little bit ashamed I
don't blame you but you don't have to
have people watching what you do every
time you make an online purchase or
simply access your email you could be
putting your private information at risk
with express VPN it's an easy-to-use app
that runs seamlessly in the background
of your computer phone or tablet and
turning on expressvpn protection only
takes one click I put it on I use it
every single day it just gives me a
sense of security it lets me know that
if I should you know lapse and listen to
Knowles no one will know expressvpn
secures and anonymizes your internet
browsing by encrypting your data and
hiding your public IP address protecting
yourself with expressvpn cost less than
seven bucks a month usually should do
protect your online activity today and
find out how you can get three months
free @ Express VPN comm slash clayvin
that's e ex
PR e SS VPN dot-com slash clayvin for
three months free with a one-year
package visit expressvpn dot-com slash
clayvin to learn more and I know what
you're thinking you've spelled
expressvpn how do you spell Clavin it's
que la vie a and really there's no there
is no ease in being Clavin my friend
it's
a constant slog alright you know my
first reaction to this scandal this
Catholic abuse scandal latest Catholic
abuse scandal in Pennsylvania was now I
know why Pope Francis is against the
death penalty he can't afford to lose
that many priests this is a just just if
to read the details and I'm not gonna go
into the horrific details although I am
gonna talk about what those details mean
a little bit this is just an absolutely
blistering report by a grand jury good
job - Joshua Shapiro a Liberal Democrat
I hate - you know I hate to say it but
he did a great job and the grand jury
you could just tell their hearts were
bleeding as they talked about this this
is over 300 priests they found with over
a thousand victims and those are just
the ones that they really felt they had
the goods on they said they're probably
thousands of victims all throughout
Pennsylvania six counties I think it was
all throughout Pennsylvania it's just
stories that this story is basically
this that that priests were grooming
raping these children mostly boys but
some girls as well and the diocese and
the bishops bishops were doing
everything had developed an actual
system for how to cover this up
70 years a lifetime this went on this
went on for a lifetime I'll letcha Piro
just described some of the the things
that they found the cover-up was
sophisticated and all the while church
leadership kept records of the abuse and
the cover-up these documents from the
diocese own secret archives formed the
backbone of this investigation
corroborating accounts of victims and
illustrating the organized cover-up by
senior church officials that stretched
in some cases all the way to the Vatican
the term secret archives is not my term
it is how the church officials
themselves referred to the TRO
of documents sitting in filing cabinets
just feet from the bishops desks so
whenever these horrific stories come out
it the problem is how the question that
I asked myself is how do we speak about
this usefully without devolving into
virtual virtue signaling outrage because
people spend time trying to find words
to express the evil of it trying it how
horrible it is and really underlying
that is just our desperate desire to
communicate to one another that we are
not these people that we are the
righteous and and that's why we you know
we just I want to express the outrage
and they and the and describe this in
the worst terms we can possibly come up
with of course there are no terms there
are no words for something like this and
and I'm not righteous that's the other
thing that no one is righteous no not
one
and I'm not righteous and I'm not trying
to signal to you that I am a righteous
person i but I think we all know what
this is we all know this is satanic evil
we all know that this is the depths of
people so I want to just I was thinking
like how do you talk about this in a
useful way and I'm not a Catholic though
I am very friendly with Catholic
theology but let me just talk about some
of this this stuff I mean every mailbag
day I make the same joke I say that
these this mailbag will these answers
will change your life possibly for the
better and the basis of that joke as
I've explained before is that when you
say to somebody this will change your
life it is immediately taken as a
positive thing even if you're talking to
Tom Cruise right who's the richest
biggest superstar on earth can have
anything he wants and people treat it
you know if you say donate Tom read this
book it'll change your life he'll read
the book he will read the book why
because all of us know that we are not
who we're supposed to be this raises
profound questions that means who is it
that you're supposed to be what is the
perfect Andrew or John or Mary who you
are not and how do you know that person
and how do you know that person is there
and that you're supposed to be that how
all those things are very profound
questions once you start thinking about
him and I believe that you know this is
why Jesus said suffer the little
children to come unto me for such the
key
heaven made not because children are so
innocent you know we know all we all
know children are not innocent what they
are is they are closer to that original
person before history destroys them
before abuse or just the vagaries of
human life turn them into something else
right we when we look back we think oh
I'm doing this I have this bad habit
because of things that happen to me but
this good habit I have my ability to
sing well that I was born with we all
know this we all know that there was
something we were made in the fashion to
be in the womb that is better than what
we are and every day I will tell you I
don't like to get too personal about
this stuff but every day I pray that God
will bring me closer to that person he
made me to be because that original me
that he made and will get me passes so
this Sunday I experienced a small
miracle I believe that miracle is the
absolute right word for it but it is a
small miracle right I was in church I
haven't been to church in a long time
I've talked about the fact that I'm at
odds with the Episcopal Church because I
believe that their leadership has become
a bunch of social justice warrior
goombazz who are basically have replaced
their personal morality they've replaced
the gospel with their personal take on
morality and I don't care what they
think I really don't what what their
personal opinions are but I think the
gospel should rule if you're working in
a church I think you should be paying
attention to the gospel but I believe in
the liturgy which is the kind of the way
the prayer the the the pattern of the
prayer and that's very much in the
Episcopal Church especially the one I go
to it was a very Catholic liturgy and
that liturgy carries you through to the
mass and I believe in taking the mass so
I went to church and while I was there I
was actually singing to him which I do
incredibly badly and I was while I was
singing to him I felt an old cold from
the beginning of my life an old error of
perception of myself literally it lifted
off me and taken taken away and a sudden
sudden unity of personhood came to me
that I and I understood it wasn't just
an experience I understood
intellectually what was happening and I
realized that this was Christ answering
my prayer as I did I pray every day he
answers it in many many different ways
all
the time but but listen I've I've done a
lot of different things to try and get
get put myself together over time and I
have talked to you about the fact that
the first part of my life was really
unhappy and really twisted and since
then it has been increasing joy
increasing wholeness and and you know in
that along that journey
I tried psychotherapy which changed my
life that's great
I tried zin meditation absolutely great
i recommend meditation and therapy to
anybody who does it well but nothing has
been like the experience of christ
because it's not healing me
psychologically I no longer need that
thank God it's not healing my ability to
pay attention which meditation does it
is actually a spiritual healing that
seems to like almost eradicate not
entirely but eradicate many of the
effects of the past and I know you all
understand what I'm saying because I
know each and every one of you has
problems that come from your past each
and every one of you has demons and and
things that adhere to you from history
that you don't want so I thought this
thing lifted off and I realized that
this is the presence and the work of
Christ in my life he is Jesus is the
center of my religion in my relationship
with Jesus is the center of my religion
now I believe I say this is the Nicene
Creed I believe in one Holy Catholic and
Apostolic Church and in the Nicene Creed
that word Catholic means universal it
means that's the there's one church
covering us all but I don't believe that
the Roman Catholic Church necessarily is
that Church there was a time in the West
especially of course there was a time
when the Roman Catholic Church was that
Church if you were part of Christendom
you were part of the Roman Catholic
Church with the Protestant Reformation
that changed there was a splintering of
churches and this hostility still goes
on we still have conversations here
where the Catholics and the Protestants
are fighting with each other I never
care about those conversations why
because I just want to get to Jesus if
you get to Jesus through the Catholic
Church if another person gets to Jesus
through the Lutheran Church great and I
will but I will tell you this Catholics
are always telling me jokingly but still
still kind of annoyingly are always only
they are the one true church I don't
believe that but I do believe when they
call it the Mother Church that it is the
Mother Church all the other churches
come from the Catholic Church and even
the most anti Catholic theologian I know
who is probably our guy
King Jeremy who you know he is a
Catholic he doesn't know it but he's a
Catholic he's really arguing at the
fringes of Catholicism it is really
Catholicism that explained and created
the structure of Christianity Western
Christianity as we know it and all the
other churches came out of rebelling
against that so instead so in the same
way you can rebel against your mom you
still come out of your mom and the
Catholic Church remains the Catholic
Church and that makes it the mother of
Churches and that makes it all of our
business that is why we all pay
attention to the Pope that is why we all
have a stake in what happens there and
when you look at what happened in these
Pennsylvania things and again I'm not
gonna get into all the incredible detail
but it had the stamp of true satanic
evil and now I studied the Holocaust a
long time just trying to understand it
as a Jew just trying to know what that
was about and there is there are certain
things certain touch that the devil has
that just marks these things it has to
do it has to do with wit in a way it has
to do with a kind of evil wit I always
say you know I'm somebody who doesn't
take a lot of things seriously I make a
lot of jokes about a lot of things and I
always say everything in life is funny
except other people's suffering and the
reason I say that is because we're all
joking at our own at the world's
corruption we're all joking at the
terrible things that people do and why
is that funny it's funny for the same
reason it's funny to see a guy in a
tuxedo slip on a banana peel
same thing I started out by saying we
all know we're supposed to be something
better than we are and when we see a
politician taking money and selling
selling services when we see people
abusing each other there's something
like funny about watching somebody who
should be an angel descending into
corruption but when you're laughing at
that you're laughing along with God
because God is looking at this thing and
saying oh man it's right here for you
all the good stuff is right here for you
and you're going that way and there's
something comical about that but when
you look at it from the other side and
you look at the people who are being
hurt by that corruption you look at the
people who are being hurt by that
cruelty you're looking the people at the
people who get hurt it stops being funny
right that's when you're not laughing
with God that's another kind of laughter
and there's something about the way
these priests abused these children that
had a kind of weight to it a kind of
invention to it that is always too
me the this the mark of evil the mark of
true genuine evil you know they used to
yell at me here at the deli getting
these arguments backstage now they yell
at me because they they think I'm a
little too easy on Trump sometimes but
then they would yell at me because they
thought I was too easy on Obama because
I would never say Obama was evil I used
to say look I've seen evil I really have
I've sat across the table from people
who would put a bullet in your kneecap I
know what evil looks like if Obama was a
goon he was a corrupt guy in a lot of
ways and he was ignorant of what makes
the country work but he was not an evil
person this this stuff is is the real
deal this is the real deal and what does
it do you know what does it do it puts
up a barrier I was talking about the
work of Christ in my life I start that's
what I started out taking and talking
about that's what Christ does that's
what Christ does he does that work in
your life he does not work in your life
he brings you closer to that person you
were meant to be that you know you're
not every word that you say is meant to
disguise the fact that you know you're
not you think you're hiding from your
brother your sister that you're ashamed
you think you're hiding that stuff from
everybody that you don't feel quite
right that you wake up in the middle of
the night and think you know I'm not who
I supposed to be you're not hiding it
because we all feel the same thing we're
all spending a lot of our energy hiding
that from one another but you can't hide
it from Christ he will help you we will
bring you closer but when you can look
at the Catholic Church and say that that
the this is what it is that the mother
of Churches is this that gets in the way
that what's the word disgraces disgrace
is the word of God let me let me I won't
say it I won't say let Jesus say it this
is what he said he said what sorrow
awaits you you teachers of religious law
and you Pharisees hypocrites for you
shut the door of the kingdom of heaven
in people's faces you won't go in
yourselves and you won't let others
enter either what sorrow awaits you
teachers of religious law and you
Pharisees hypocrites for you cross land
and sea to make one convert and then you
turn that person into twice the child of
L you are yourselves so listen I listen
to Catholics you know what let's pause
here for just a minute and just CBS had
an entry
with the the victims just pause here
just a minute and let them talk about
what happened to them when they were
children and you'll see they're grownups
and one of them is the mother of a boy
who died and it starts with her my son
was 15 when it started his hell was
right here on earth
Judy Devin says the death of her son
Joey three years ago can be traced to
what happened to him as a teenager
because of the way he was and I'm not
gonna say abuse I'm gonna say the way he
was raped at age 17 his back was injured
there was nothing they could do
surgically and because of the pain
medication his death was caused by an
accidental overdose the word abuse gets
thrown around we're talking rapes
Julianne Burton Mary McHale both say
they were molested by priests at their
Catholic high schools my abuser when he
took his collar off he told me that he
could do whatever he wanted to do and
you believed I'm your attorney I leaved
him yeah the collar is still the trigger
for me they murdered something in me
something died everything I believed
died right he took away her faith they
took away they closed did what Jesus
said they closed the door of heaven and
by the way all these innocent priests
rod Reyes a good Catholic writer has
been on the show he put up a list of
tweets from a father Phillip de Vos I
guess it's pronounced de vo us he says
I've given my whole life to serving
Christ in his church since beginning the
seminary in 1994 every year has brought
fresh revelations of the darkest
corruption along with criminal moral
perversion couple to unbelievable levels
of incompetence then I read the papers
to catch the evening evening news and I
see Cardinals and bishops that I know
for a fact are lying with impunity
deploying weasel words and fake emotions
I mean that that's what I see too when I
see them coming out and saying this
stuff you know I hear oh you know the
Pope said the latest silly thing that he
said that has nothing to do with
Catholic law and I think why aren't you
cleaning this up so here's the thing you
know I get into debates with Catholics
sometimes and they're very good at
arguing and they've got 2000 years of
doing it and I hear them say things like
well there are more
child abusers in the teaching profession
or just as many in the teaching
profession as in the Catholic Church or
whatever they say that's not gonna that
doesn't wash that doesn't wash if you
are stopping people if you are closing
the door to the kingdom of heaven you
are committing the sin against the
Spirit that is is immense and if you're
the mother of Churches it affects us all
it bleeds down unto us all so the enemy
is not like the editorialist who goes
off and you know out in outrage against
the Catholic Church the enemy is not me
when I say these things the enemy is the
devil who is in your church he is in
your church this has got to be pulled up
root and branch I mean it shouldn't be
you know God bless Joshua Shapiro the AG
in in Philadelphia for the work he's
doing shouldn't be a guy named Shapiro
who's doing this work it should be a guy
in the church your Pope should be doing
this every day this is the work he has
been given to do this is 70 years of
cover-up 70 years of rape 70 years of
taking away from people they're got
their path into the kingdom of God that
little miracle that happened to me on
Sunday and has been happening to me ever
since I accepted Christ in my life
you were depriving people of that by
allow everyday this is allowed to go on
this evil is evil in a million ways but
mostly not just for the people that
destroys of course but also for the fact
that it keeps others it destroys the the
pathway of faith to God and it's just it
is on the Catholic Church now to go
after this root and branch this can't be
about a bunch of as this priest said
weasel words it can't be a bunch about a
bunch of posing I mean it's the Boston
Globe is exposing this and that was like
10 15 years ago and now the Philadelphia
AG is this is exposing this this is the
work of the Pope this is the were that
work of the church and they should be
doing it and they should be doing it for
us all we are all depending on you
because you were the mother of all
churches I also just want to talk for a
minute about Trump's this this thing
that amarosa
you know I saw it's all ridiculous but I
don't want to get into this place where
I'm also saying there's a tape of Trump
saying the n-word
I don't know you know Sepp corker was on
yesterday saying that there was such a
tape it would be out by now and I don't
even want to debate I'm sure that Donald
Trump has said some terrible terrible
things he says terrible things all the
time hey you know I hear him say it
terrible things I see him tweet terrible
things I will say if he's a racist I
mean a true racist a guy who's out to do
harm to black people he is the worst
racist in history because he's black
people are doing great and the Trump
administration he is elevating them I
truly don't that as I said before I
think if you're for him he's for you if
you're against him he's against you
that's the way Trump works but I do want
to say this about the n-word okay
George Carlin I think back in the 60s
Amos countercultural comedian he kind of
got swept up in the sixties
counterculture and he became this famous
countercultural comedian used to do this
routine called the seven words you can't
say on television and he strung together
every dirty word and just repeated them
over and over again and the idea was
they had no meaning it was just us
saying you know that this these were
dirty words they weren't really dirty
words that that was a real it was a
really funny and creative routine it
wasn't true it's not true if I can say
the word oaktree and you can think of an
oak tree I can say the f-word and make
you think that sex is a degraded violent
ugly thing that can be used as a way of
cursing other people out I mean in words
have meanings and words communicate
thoughts and feelings that to say a word
is ugly just because we say it's ugly is
ridiculous it's ugly because that is its
meaning in the world the left has
managed to declare that these words that
degrade sex that the grave bodily
functions these words that degrade you
know human beings are fine now fine you
can say him on TV you know I mean I
every time every time I doze off in
front of the TV and wake up at 1 o'clock
anoint there's porn on my television set
I'm like I went to I went to sleep I was
watching a Fred Astaire movie and I wake
up on I'm watching porn the left did
this the left did this but now they want
to tell us oh but there's one or there
is one word that is dispositive proof
that this word has meaning suddenly this
word has meaning and and all I want to
say about this is that when you have you
know let's play this you have dumb and
dumber Christian dawn from CNN I mean
two guys seriously I think they're made
of cement from the neck up they're
telling us that the violence that left
this commit is is fine I played a little
of this yesterday but here's the two of
them doing it together the law will take
care of what you do to me and what I do
to you but to make it moral equivalence
when you're coming at me because I'm
saying that you don't matter in this
world as much as I do those are not
equivalent motivations that lead us into
the confrontation well sometimes you
can't fight people by you know praising
them or being nice to them you have to
fight fire with fire sometimes listen
I'm not avocation should be your best
she's going cops going after the media
it's wrong they did nothing productive
they did nothing to make anything better
yeah let me just say this so you asked
why he doesn't call out because the
white nationalists are winning right now
yeah in his imagination they got up 20
they got the unite the right was 20
people so there that's winning to him
now let's listen to Chris Cuomo talk
about the fact that Trump responded to
Omarosa in typical fashion by calling
her a dog in one of his tweets and this
is something by the way they're making
it about race but there's something he
said about a lot of people there's a
word he uses which means I think it
means a failure you know it's the old
phrase that that dog won't hunt it's
kind of like that thing but it's ugly
it's an ugly thing to call somebody and
especially a woman so here's Chris Cuomo
reacting to that hi welcome back to
primetime so if my 12 year old Mario
called someone a dog he would not say it
again in my presence I guarantee you he
would apologize in fact if he said most
of the things that the president says
about people he's threatened by or
doesn't like his cheeks would be glowing
and that's because we teach our kids we
make our kids do right because it shows
respect for people and respect matters
so don't defend President Trump calling
Omarosa a dog don't defend him calling
anyone a dog period stop making it all
okay whatever Trump says fighting back
is not automatically a virtue mama says
if you have nothing nice to say say
nothing for a reason same in your house
right discretion can be the better part
of valor same in your house right why
because this kind of ugly talk is can't
it creates a coarseness that leads to
unintelligent confrontation so let's
let's get this straight okay
if a leftist punches you in the face
because he doesn't like your politics
that's not so bad that's not so bad
but if Donald Trump uses language that
Chris Cuomo doesn't like that that is
awful because from Donald Trump's point
of view he's he's doing exactly what Don
Lemon is talking about exactly what
Chris Cuomo was talking about he is
fighting fire with fire he's from his
point of view he's doing the exact same
thing when you tell us that you're your
anti-white racism is not as bad as anti
black racism when you tell us your
violence is not as bad as other people's
violence when you tell us you can call
us racist call us male chauvinist pigs
call us all these names but when Donald
Trump starts calling you names back we
have a problem with civility you have
got a problem with a double standard I
have never said I have never said that
Donald Trump is my dream president at
all at all but you have made it so that
we either have to accept your double
standard and a surrender I mean there
was a poll the other day that showed
more Democrats more Democrats supports
socialism and capitalism I mean that's
an ignorance and stupidity beyond
imagining so if you ask me to choose
between Donald Trump who says dreadful
things says things that I like Chris
Cuomo would not accept in my house if
you're asking me to choose between that
and slavery the slavery of socialism I'm
gonna choose that that's the choice
you've given me that is the choice
you've given me remember Trump didn't
run against Abraham Lincoln he didn't
run against George Washington and ran
against Hillary Clinton one of the most
dishonest creepy President presidential
candidates that has ever been okay so it
didn't remember we're still we're still
living in a binary world I will not
countenance Trump's use of any kind of
language like this I will have talked
about his rudeness I've talked about the
fact that it it repels me but but the
choice still remains the choice still
remains between this guy and a bunch of
people who are racist
they say it's anti-white racism that
doesn't make it racism those words can
come out of your mouth doesn't make them
true they're not true if you make me
choose between socialism and Trump I'm
gonna pick Trump so that's that that is
the real thing we're dealing with and
that's why I don't care about Omarosa
as far as I'm concerned I want one of
those Mission Impossible scenes where
our morosa pulls off her mask and she
turns out to be Michael Wolfe and then
Michael Wolfe pulls off his mask and it
turns out to be dan Rather because you
guys have been doing this character
assassination routine for a long long
time hey speaking of Michael moles oh we
weren't speaking of Michael nose but
let's speak about Michael nose because
he is doing his conversation on Tuesday
August 21st at 5:30 p.m. Eastern 2:30
p.m. Pacific Knowles will answer your
questions as well as he's capable but
don't don't hate on him all right
you be moderated by our lovely host
Alicia Krause who has the absolute
courage to sit next to this man she she
makes it look effortless the QA will
stream live on YouTube and Facebook for
everyone to watch but only subscribers
can ask Noel's questions over a daily
wire.com I guess you're gonna hammer him
with the Catholic stuff that's what yeah
it's gonna be tough but it's gonna be
worth it because Knowles is good at
making his case all right we got the
mailbag coming up come on over to the
Daily wire.com all right the mailbag
guffy all right from AJ dear Andrew no
ease and Clavin my boyfriend and I have
our third year anniversary in December
and we want to get married
we both have talked about it extensively
and even picked out an engagement ring
talked about our future finances made
money plans for a better financial
future and what we both want out of life
I know he plans to propose and then my
father has given his blessing however
there's a catch I'm 22 and he's 23
my father has expressed that I am too
young and my mother a divorce attorney
who divorced my father years ago has
told my family behind my back of our
soon-to-be engagement my family members
have already started to ridicule us they
say jokes about how I'll be pregnant
quickly despite the fact we don't want
that right away and now I should get
married 125 I have dealt with the
differences between my family for some
time as I'm a Christian and my family
consists of non-believers and pagans I
feel hurt but not surprised my family
doesn't support our decision and I
disagree with them about marrying young
my friends and his family support us and
I'm grateful for that we are willing to
get married without my family support
however I've always wanted to be close
to my family how can I tell my family
that their lack of support hurts me and
that marrying young isn't a bad thing
also do
any marriage advice love listening to
your show and thank you so much AJ AJ
you don't have a problem marry your
boyfriend that is that is what is in
front of you you have a sorrow in your
life the sorrow is that your family is
antithetical to you and to what you
believe your your family your true
family lies ahead of you not behind you
the family that you make with your
husband is going to be the family for
your rest of the rest of your life and
you're gonna have a sadness in your life
that you cannot be as close to your
family as you wish you could be that is
just something you're not gonna fix that
that's not gonna fix your family is on a
little train track they're gonna go
around the circle's they're not going to
change nothing you say is gonna change
them nothing is gonna transform them
into the people you want them to be
doesn't mean you have to reject them
that it doesn't just you can tell them
that they're being hurtful when they say
hurtful things but you cannot spend your
life trying to fix them because that's
not what's gonna happen that's just not
gonna happen it ain't gonna work go
forward that's why it says in the Bible
you leave your mother and father and
become one flesh with your husband this
is your new family go forward and do it
I mean sound he sounds like good guy it
sounds like you've worked things out
really well it sounds like you've
thought it through and and that's great
so god bless your marriage and just
understand this is a sad but you know we
all have sadness in our lives this is
going to be one for you you know try I
would say try not to make it a hostile
relationship try to be polite when you
can if you have to say something say it
politely but cacao focused put your
concentration on the future on your
husband on the children you guys are
gonna have and you're you're not too
young that's you know that's that's a
very individual thing whether people are
too young or not has nothing to it my
marriage advice is always the same and
that is be nice be excellent to one
another's like it was at Bill & Ted's
Excellent Adventure be excellent to one
another remember that the the little
politeness is that we show to people in
stores to waiters and waitresses that
you know the shop clerks or the person
you buy a movie ticket from those
shouldn't stop when you come home those
would be things that you should remember
to do remember to thank the people your
husband and your wife for the things
that they do for you just just those
words alone remember to tell each other
that this is a good thing and remember
when you disagree to stick to those in
here you know if if somebody brought you
in a restaurant if somebody
brought you a cold hamburger you
wouldn't start shaking your fist and I
hope you wouldn't start shaking your
fist and the waitresses face you would
say this is too cold please take it back
when you disagree disagree politely it
won't kill you it will not kill you you
that the advice that you need to fight
that couples need to fight is bad advice
you don't need to fight you can discuss
things and speak politely and think
about the feelings of the other person
that's my advice those little things if
you do those every day you'll be in
great shape from been my parents
baptized me in the Catholic Church will
not his baby but from that point on I
never had any sort of formal religious
upbringing my parents are nominal
Christians at best they baptized me up
more out of tradition along the way he
says I was a devout atheist as early as
I can remember especially in my teenage
years along the way that worldview
eventually started to break down I
ultimately came to believe in God and
gave my life to Christ when I was 19
although I don't consider myself to be a
Catholic my question to you is is there
a justification to pursue baptism again
now at 27 given that I made a conscious
decision to become a Christian as an
adult and given that I've already been
baptized into the faith long ago uh you
know you should certainly ask your
pastor about this my answer would be no
you weren't baptized by your parents who
were baptized by God you were baptized
by Christ that is that is your baptism
it stays good the fact that you grew
into it is his work as well and that's
something that he did in your life as
well but he doesn't need you to do that
again he did it for you once already it
doesn't matter whether you're a baby
doesn't matter whether I know their
Anabaptists who want to do it again I'm
just giving you ask me so I'm giving you
my point of view it does not matter what
you thought about it at the time it it
was valid in Christ sighs so you don't
have to do it again you know but there
are ceremonies like a confirmation that
people went in this situation use you
can get confirmed and that is something
that kind of stands in for what does
satisfies the need that you're feeling
from Audrey I Andrew I love listening to
your show and I'd love some of your
life-changing advice I recently got
married and my husband and I have
decided to wait a few years before we
have children my in-laws are very kind
people but they're both dependent
alcoholics my husband is sadly used to
it and has given up on encouraging them
to seek help
we plan to raise our children based on
Christian values but I struggle to
reconcile the idea of letting my in-laws
be a part of their lives of course I
want my children to have the joy of
being with Graham
but I don't want those habits to be seen
as normal is there a compromise here as
they are my in-laws the situation feels
awkward how should I approach this
problem well first of all you know
obviously never leave them alone with
your small children if they are helpless
drunks better to see them in the morning
than in the afternoons that usually is
the way it progresses you can't save
them your husband is probably right
they're probably beyond your help and
certainly not them just don't worry
about this don't worry that your
children are going to be somehow
infected with alcoholism your children
are gonna get their values from you okay
don't worry that this is like a it like
it's a bad influence their the influence
that's gonna matter is you and so that
you shouldn't think of them as some kind
of disease I'm you know they have an
addiction you shouldn't think of that
something that's catching but I wouldn't
let drunks take care of my children you
know alone I would be there on hand but
no you shouldn't deprive your kids of
their grandchildren shouldn't deprive
them of the grandparents of the children
like I said take precautions if he can
to see them early in the day and don't
leave your kids alone with them but
don't worry that they're gonna infect
your kids with alcoholism or something
like this from
jerilyn who I think has written before
several times
dear wise one what do you think is your
biggest blind spot something you may be
wrong about or an issue you feel most on
the fence about I you know probably has
to do with with sex I grew up in it's a
good question as you know I think there
I got a million blind spots so I'm just
picking one but like but I think I think
you know I grew up in the 60s so sex
became sort of free and easy that worked
out well for me as a as a elite as
somebody who was educated as somebody
used birth control didn't get luckily
didn't get anybody pregnant luckily
didn't get any diseases you know was was
cautious and all that stuff so it worked
out well for me but I'm not sure it was
good for me I don't think it was good
for me and I don't know I think
everybody's so different you know I
wouldn't change my life I wouldn't even
change the mistakes a lot of the
mistakes in my life that if they didn't
hurt other people but but I think
everybody's so different that it's hard
for me to talk about one-size-fits-all
sexuality and yet I see
sometimes because I wasn't elite because
I was protected from the ravages that a
simple act like sex can create in
people's lives I think I sometimes have
de-emphasized it in living a good life
and how you do it I mean obviously I
want people to treat each other well I
don't particularly think it's a great
idea to be sleeping with people you
don't know I think that is degrading but
I also know that life is filled with
errors and mistakes that make you who
you are and so I just sometimes wonder
if there's some I don't want to become a
one-size-fit-all person I certainly
don't want to become a condemned natori
person but I sometimes wonder if I don't
speak enough about the fact that your
body is you you your experience of you
in the world that is the your body is
your experience of your spirit in the
world and it is worth taking care of and
it matters what you do with it and so
sometimes I think like I haven't quite
developed a theology of the body I've
developed a theology of my body that's
important I live as I live a
conservative life I live a life with my
wife that is my that is my life as I
always say my sex life is just my wife
and Game of Thrones that that's it but
in in terms of how to communicate that
to other people I'm not only sure I do
the as good a job as I want to all right
let's say time from Jamie great wise
when Clavin I am in need of your
assistance I am 20 and currently add a
two-year girl 18 who's extremely sweet
and kind however she doesn't have much
drive towards her future in terms of
education and is not someone I can
discuss concepts like philosophy
politics and such without feeling like I
have to educate her on the subject
before we can even begin to discuss
anyway I'm at a bit of a crossroads of
either waiting and seeing if she matures
intellectually or breaking off the
relationship as painlessly as possible
and searching for a better match she's
an amazing person I don't want to hurt
her if I can avoid it but I also need to
factor in my own happiness thank you
well I think that the giveaway here for
me is factored in my own happiness it
doesn't sound like you're happy it
doesn't sound like this is a satisfying
relationship to you I have seen happy
relationships and one which one person
was intellectual and the other person
wasn't and they provided other things
but that doesn't sound like it doesn't
sound like you're satisfied from what
I'm reading here if you're factoring in
your own happiness
you want this this woman deserves a
husband if you if she's as great as you
say and I have no doubt she is she
deserves a husband who is who is as made
as happy by her as she is by him and you
don't sound like that guy so you say
hurting her it will hurt her if you
leave but it'll hurt her a whole lot
worse if she marries somebody who's
unhappy with her and who looks down on
her and doesn't think she can measure up
intellectually so it that's what sounds
to me like is going on in your head and
if that's true it is always best to get
out of these things faster women are
working on that I'm on a schedule not
like men they they have you know their
bodies are on a schedule and so you
really should not be stringing her along
and that's what it sounds like to me
just reading it from that letter if I'm
wrong I'm wrong but that's what I hear
from Parker atheists always say that if
the Jews are the chosen people of God
why don't they accept Jesus Christ as a
savior I think that's a moderately okay
point how would you Rebecca I have a
theory about this that not only does
nobody else agree with but everybody
hates and as it finds offensive so I'm
absolutely certain I must be right when
you have offended everybody you know
that you're probably either utterly
wrong or in the right you know in the in
the letters of Paul I believe it says
that the the body of Christ has many
members right and each person does
something different in the body of
Christ and we all belong to the body of
Christ but that doesn't mean we all have
all the gifts that Christ gives and I
think that that is obviously the case
and that it is obviously a way of
looking at the world that's very
important that when we see people we
disagree with instead of thinking this
person is just out there does not belong
to the body of Christ maybe what we
should be thinking is oh maybe this is a
different part of that body then I'm not
seeing I have a theory and again I know
I'm gonna get hammered for this but it
is my theory I have a theory that the
Jews are the without knowing it or the
part of the body of Christ that doubts
doubt is one of the most underrated
emotions in the life of faith doubt is
what moves you forward without doubt you
become a self-referential
blowhard who just knows what he knows
and doesn't want to listen to anybody
else with doubt you're constantly
questioning why your faith hasn't taken
you to the next level why there's evil
in
with doubt you start to ask these
questions that deepen your faith and
make it richer and richer and we can see
by the way the Jews have been treated by
christened 'm that the jews have stood
as a rebuke to Christendom and that
they've mistreated their father religion
and so that I think especially after the
Holocaust that has caused the church to
reflect and it has caused the church to
know itself in ways that may be kind of
uncomfortable and not on the Jews side
that you said we're not part of the body
of Christ at all well I believe that the
Jews have been deeply changed but
Judaism has been deeply changed by
Christianity they don't like to admit it
they like to think the Christianity is
just Judaism by other means but I
believe that Judaism has been deeply
changed by Christianity as well and so
this seems to me possible that the Jews
are a part of the body that of Christ
even in their non-belief and that is
something that just drives buddy crazy
when I say it but it's my theory I do
also believe that the Jews have a
relationship with God that is special
and that it doesn't change god doesn't
break his promises he doesn't say you're
my chosen people ups too bad you know
I'm pulling the trapdoor on you that's
not the way it works so I believe that
it's gonna work out for the Jews I don't
know how I don't pretend to know how but
I believe it's okay and and as I always
tell Shapiro if we have to we're gonna
smuggle them in that's it's gonna be
alright I've got to stop there we'll go
to tickety-boo News
so this is one of my favorite things
about the Trump administration and I
know it's boring but I just have to
bring it up really quickly the federal
agencies I'm reading from the examiner I
think federal agencies led by labor and
Health and Human Services are cutting
Obama era regulations and saving money
faster than demanded by President Trump
according to a new report as a result
the administration is expected to easily
meet the president's order to cut at
least two old regulations for every new
one issued and cut the costs of
regulations with less than two months
remaining in fiscal year 2018 the Trump
administration is well on its way to
surpassing its regulatory budget goals
collectively executive agencies subject
to a regulatory budget remain on pace to
double the administration's overall
savings goal you have to understand
every these guys these bureaucrats go to
work every day and without Trump's rule
and they just make regulations and every
regulation cost money every single one
cost money I what I would love to see if
Trump gets reelected and he has the
Congress with him I would love to see
him start to dismantle some of these
regulatory agencies bring them down I
mean as far as I'm concerned the EPA
should be one guy with like a little
test-tube who goes around from state to
state making sure the air and the water
is is good and then if it's not saying
fix this or they'll be held to pay
that's that's all we need we do not need
them telling us how many miles our cars
should get we don't need them virtual
signaling in ways like the Obama
administration rules were just there to
help the people in the unions who voted
for him they didn't do anything to
improve our air and water and and I
think that they can all be dialed back
this new guy who is in the
administration Brian Zink is he's now
the interior secretary Ryan Zink they're
the green industrial complex as is
called is now it is now the
environmental movement is now this
gigantic machine for destroying anybody
who gets in its way right they got rid
of Scott Pruett and you know and he made
mistakes but this guy it's interior
secretary Ryan's Inc they're coming
after him now but he is one of these
guys who just toes the line and I don't
think they're going to get him and I
think that's really really important
this is incredibly good news cutting
back these regulations there should be
regulations but our lives should not be
run by bureaucrats they should
be run they should be run by the people
that we elect to run them they said the
country should be run by the people we
elect to run them not by these unelected
bureaucrats one of the things I'm really
hoping if Cavanaugh gets confirmed for
the Supreme Court is he knows this that
they will start to dial back the respect
that is paid to these bureaucracies they
should not be the people running the
country Trump has been great in dialing
them back but he's got to start to get
rid of the agencies themselves and and
start to pass laws that bring the
responsibility directly to Congress we
don't time to talk about this today but
Congress is letting this country down
it's letting this country down by not
compromising by not making law by not
doing his job as legislators they should
be doing that in order to do that we
need to disempower the regulatory
agencies Trump is taking great strides
doing that good on Trump good for him
that's it tomorrow last day of the week
for the Clavin week and then into the
Cleveland this weekend so you want to
suck all the clay Vinnie goodness you
can out of tomorrow show I'm Andrew
Clavin this is the Andrew Clavin show be
there the Andrew Clavin show is produced
by Robert Sterling executive producer
Jeremy boring senior producer Jonathan
hey our supervising producer is Mathis
Glover and our technical producer is
Austin Stevens edited by Emily J audio
is mixed by Mike Corr Mina hair and
makeup is by Joshua alvera the Andrew
Clavin show is a daily wire for word
publishing production copyright for word
publishing 2018
