you have had your run-ins with feminism
I mean you haven't always been the best
friend feminism has isn't that fair to
say
well I went to an all women's college so
I had the run-in with all the feminist
different sides intersectional lists the
people who are just second wavers who's
probably just me and then certainly some
people who wanted to push that and two
other people people who just hated men
so I've run into it all I had it on my
very first day in college I went to our
orientation which is where they
indoctrinate you first in college and
they put a girl on stage and she had her
hair in a ponytail and they cut off her
ponytail in front of everyone and people
were applauding and shouting and
screaming down at the patriarchy it was
very disturbing I was like where am I
going to college what am I getting
myself into why what would we have -
what a patreon have to do with her
ponytail well we actually have this
thing called the Moho chop so I went to
Mount Holyoke's and Moho short for that
and they call it the Moho chop which is
when you cut off all your hair and look
like a boy all right it kept my long
hair I think I might have the longest
hair in that college or I did but yeah
it's kind of like a rite of passage to
cut your hair off of that school Wow
okay so now explain to me the difference
between first second how many waves of
feminism are there now I think we might
be going into our fourth wave okay I'm
gonna say there's three for simplicity
but I think there's a fourth one
developing okay so explain the
differences to me sure so first wave is
right to vote second wave is to go into
the workforce and as your video says to
not stay home with your children
necessarily okay and then third wave is
kind of intersectionality and also the
hatred of men so there's two different
aspects to it which is fourth wave is
kind of more intersectionality but I'm
gonna lump fourth and third together
because they're very similar and they
kind of are overlapping so so okay no
what we just I'll get back to get back
to my video in a minute but but you go
to an all-men's college you see this
happening what what effect does it have
on the actual women who were doing this
well they're very unhappy they don't
really know what they're doing there so
I'm not hope you have a lot of women who
actually go there and then explore their
sexuality
you know meet other women and then leave
and then marry men so it's kind of like
they're having fun in college and doing
this rebellious nature for instance one
of my guy friends went to one of the
parties and it was all women he was one
of the only guys and he took a video
right after the election where he just
screamed I hate men and followed after
this video everyone starts cheering it's
kind of freaking me out when you see
these things because they honestly do
hate men it's it's really scary
