so I asked you about you mentioned these
four ends the motivating factors so I'm
gonna kind of softly positive v M which
I think will go under and I want to ask
you about this which is meaning so you
talked about you know the idea of
mastery and you talked about money and
you talked about mating and you talked
about the end you had about freedom
essentially but where do you get your
meaning
what what what gets you up every day
like what we can have all these things
and we do we live in the virtuous
society in the history of the world the
free society in the history of the world
and yet rates of depression are rising
rates of suicide are rising where are
people missing the meaning in life
because the you know as somebody who's
also very libertarian minded I'm very
much in favor of free markets and I'm
very much in favor of earning an
entrepreneurship we'll get back to all
that in a second but what gets you up in
the morning what what and it can't just
be money because you've got a lot of it
otherwise you would just retire right
right and it can't just be freedom
because the truth is that you've got
enough money to provide for you that
freedom what makes you think ok I'm
gonna get up today and I'm gonna go do
some more well what gives you that sense
of meaning so now we're going to the
deepest question of you know I'll give
you a I do a lot of book stuff I'll give
you what I think is the greatest answer
to this question and maybe the greatest
book that nobody reads there's a book
called civilization as discontents by
Sigmund Freud and Sigmund Freud's been
discredited in some ways but the man may
be the smartest person you will ever
read if you read civilization just
condensed and he says this question of
what the meaning of life is has been
asked time without end and nobody can
give us a satisfactory answer and he
says maybe because there is no answer
but he says I can tell you by the
actions of we humans what our meaning is
and that is to be happy and to avoid
pain so it depends how deep you want to
go I'm probably searching for happiness
and at the core of every human action of
those four hemes people perceive if I
get money I'll be happier if I get
freedom I'll be happier so I used to
have a more complex answer but now I
give a cliche answer I'm probably
searching for happiness and avoidance of
unhappiness I don't know it's a good
question are we humans so differentiated
that meaning is different for every
buddy I don't know I think Sigmund Freud
might be right
