one of the things a mentor taught me is
this thing that I call the four M's a
lot of people procrastinate if you bump
into most people I meet I've got about
13 million social media followers now so
I get thousands of people asking me
questions every day and the most common
theme one of the most common is how do I
overcome procrastination fear and
anxiety my answer is like well you got
to know what motivates you and different
people are motivated in different ways
so the four M's and I've run this by a
lot of scientists most of them think I'm
on the right track one of them just he
thinks I'm missing an M but the first M
is material things might slash money the
second one is mating slash romance the
third one is momentum slash freedom and
and the fourth one is mastery slash
status if you look at any person that
you know and you break down why do they
do what they do it's one of those four
