as you know over the last couple of days
I've been offering Alexandra Ocasio
Cortez the Democratic darling the future
of the Democratic Party according to Tom
Perez the media hits media sensation
I've offered her to come on the Sunday
special and have a one-hour discussion I
offered to have a debate with her I
offered to give $10,000 to her campaign
obviously that was somewhat facetious
considering they think what's what's the
election limit like 7,500 bucks
something like that in any case I'm not
looking to violate the law I also
offered to give that money to charity or
to raise money to charity and she didn't
respond which is her prerogative she
doesn't have to respond I mean that's
that's her thing fine yeah and she had
essentially called
Allie Stuckey and a bunch of
conservatives cowards for not wanting to
have discussions with her and instead
creating satire of her so I figured okay
we'll open her an open forum for her to
come on the Sunday special and I'll
legitimately have anyone from the left
on the Sunday special one of the
funniest things about this is that
effort after I offered Ocasio Cortes to
come on the show a bunch of leftists who
are pretty prominent start emailing me
saying well why don't you invite me and
I was like okay fine
that's great like I'd prefer to have
more people on the Sunday special with
whom I can have intelligent
conversations from the left like let's
talk about Norway let's talk about
Denmark let's talk about socialism let's
talk about what socialist and what isn't
let's do all those things I don't care
like that's that's what I thought this
whole debate this whole area of American
life was supposed to be about I enjoy
those conversations well Alexandre
Ocasio Cortez took this the wrong way
she took this the wrong way and instead
here is what she tweeted out in response
to my invitation quote just like cat
calling I don't owe her response to
unsolicited requests from men with bad
intentions and also like cat calling for
some reason they feel entitled to one
well and feel entitled to response you
don't have to respond we can write about
it if you don't respond considering that
you've called bunch of people on the
right cowards for not supposedly taking
on your ideas but I'm very confused as
to what cat calling is like in Queens I
just want to like hone in on this for
just a second how does this go in Queens
is this really like construction worker
in Queens like hey girl let's have a
one-hour conversation on trade policy
deficits and fiscal responsibility
in Nordic nations baby come on come on
downtown public conversation and I'll
give you $10,000 to your favorite
charity if we can have a pub
debate on why neo-marxist thought lakhs
as compared to the Vienna School of
Economics hmm that's how it goes in
Queens
Kent callings real weird in Queens got
to tell you but I do love the fact that
her in like there's so many responses
she could have given that are better
than this I mean not to advise her
political team but there are a lot of
things you could have done here you
could have just said nah not interested
or you know what you're not running for
office I'm not gonna debate with
somebody who's not running for office or
you know there are better interviews
that I can do that reach out to my core
constituency there like a thousand
better responses then this is just like
catcalling also have you met me have you
seen me do I seem like the kind of guy
who catcalls ladies I'm in Orthodox Jew
who was a virgin until I was married
I've never catcalled anyone in any
context ever legitimately my cat calls
to my wife involved me like yesterday I
can't called my wife I will admit I
can't call my wife yesterday we were
driving and we happened to be next to
each other in our cars and she rolled
down her window and I whistled at her
she took it she took deep offense at
this we are now getting divorced because
of cat calling
