well I'm sure you've heard quite a bit
about Alexandria okay zo Cortez recently
probably more than probably more than
you should probably way too much you've
heard way too much about her and she's
right now riding a wave of while she's
riding two waves the first wave is a
wave of attention from conservatives
like myself like the attention that I'm
giving her right now as we speak and
that's the way you'll notice that it
goes like this a lot like that the two
sides conservatives liberals they kind
of pick out stars for each other because
the star on one side is going to be the
person that the other side has decided
to pay a lot of attention to so
conservative to do that with David hog
now they're doing that with Alexandra
okayso core test it's it's you know I'd
say 95 percent easily of the coverage
that I've heard about this woman has
come from conservatives the same thing
with David hog and you know and you
could make the argument that Donald
Trump is it is a probably the prime
example of that on on the right side of
spectrum but anyway so she's got that
wave and then she's also got the wave of
socialist enthusiasm among the younger
generations and that's why she's caught
on because she's a Democratic Socialist
the fact that young people are so
attracted to socialism is I think a
topic worth inspecting especially
because many people have inspected it
and talked about and analyzed it and I
just I think that the analysis and the
conclusions that are drawn are often
very very wrong now different surveys
give you different figures but they all
seem to agree that around half of all
Millennials at this point find socialism
appealing on some level which is which
is really concerned that's I mean that's
a lot a half is a lot okay and according
to a recent survey that I read one in 10
Millennials believe that Joseph Stalin
who killed 20 million people
as a conservative estimate was a hero
one in ten again that is that that's
that's an enormous figure for people to
admire Joseph Stalin and then much
higher numbers admire other characters
like the killer and terrorist Che
Guevara and others so how do we explain
this affinity for socialism among and
communism among America's youth well I
don't think it's that hard to understand
really I think the explanation is is is
really pretty simple it's kind of a
matter of arithmetic it's it's sort of a
a mathematical equation and the equation
goes like this okay it's failed
parenting plus fail plus failed
education system equals socialist that's
how you make socialist and so let's talk
about parents first of all it's the it's
the job of a parent to raise their
children in two independent and
self-sufficient adults and so someone a
newly minted adult someone who's just
become an adult should they should want
nothing more than to break out of the
protective cocoon of childhood and and
go out into the world untethered free
able to do whatever they want energy
ambition boldness vision these are the
things the these are the marks of youth
or at least that used to be it used to
be the primary characteristics of youth
but what we find today is that many
young people are they have no desire to
leave the cocoon at all they they or
else they they desire to leave one
cocoon and then promptly enter into
another one so they want to leave the
cocoon of the home and their parents and
then they want to go into the cocoon of
the welfare state the nanny state they
want daddy in Washington to supplant
daddy at home that's what they're
looking for and it cannot be overstated
just how unnatural this is and you see
it reflected a lot of in a lot of ways I
think one symptom of this is you you
read these reports now about how young
people teenagers
are getting their drivers licenses at
later and later ages they're waiting I
think on average now what I read is that
what I don't know if it's on average but
there's a great many of teenagers who
now they don't get there they don't get
their driver's license until after they
turn 18 until after they graduate high
school and there are several reasons for
that one one is just the kids are at
home on on the internet all the time or
playing video games so they feel like
there's no need to drive but that's
related to this lack of this lack of
energy and and boldness and one I
remember when I was a kid I wanted
nothing more than to get my driver's
license just so I could leave and go I
didn't even care where I went to I
remember the firt when I'm got my
driver's license the first place I went
I went to go into a Rite Aid pharmacy
and I got like a pack of gum or
something but it didn't matter I because
I I was able to go myself it's one of
the great moments of my life is that I
was able to go myself to a store and get
something and that was amazing and that
again used to be a common thing among
young people that you you wanted the
license you could get out on the highway
be on your own have freedom and it seems
like kids increasingly don't really
desire that they're fine being at home
with their parents and having no freedom
and depending on I guess they have
developed this they've gotten used to
dependence and they have no desire to
break free from it and that is a very
concerning
sign I think and this is what lies at
the at the root of the socialist
inclination in the younger generations
it's it's more than anything it's a
failure of it's a it's a it is a failure
of personal formation of moral formation
and I don't think it's fair to blame
this entirely on parents I mean it is
theoretically possible that you could
have a kid who turns into a socialist
even though he had great parents seems
unlikely it could happen but there is a
link that's obviously hard to ignore
that's parent then you have the
education system and the education
system has contributed enormous lis to
this problem because you only need to
have a really basic knowledge of of
recent world history we're not even
going back we're not talking about
ancient Rome okay we're not going back
hundreds of years not going back
centuries you simply need to have an
understanding of what has happened in
the world over the last century if you
have that understanding then there is no
way that socialism and communism would
seem appealing to you these these
regimes murdered 100 million people if
not more over the course of a century
leaving many millions more starving
destitute the 20th century was the
deadliest and most miserable ten decades
in human history by far without any
competition for the title by the way and
this is not exclusively but largely
thanks to the systems of government that
now half of my generation want to
establish here
and so that is an incredible amount of
ignorance that that you you must place
at the feet of the school system do you
think the average socialist millennial
even realizes that when he says Nazi
he's referring to the National Socialist
German Workers Party but do you think he
understands said that Nazis are National
Socialists I assume he doesn't know but
how could that be pie how could you make
it through 13 years of formal schooling
or 17 years including college or even
more than that and then come away still
ignorant of the fundamental facts of
recent history how is that possible it's
almost impressive you almost have to be
impressed with how ineffective our
school system is because you would think
that all you have to do is just throw
kids into an environment and have a few
books around and if they're in that
environment for thirteen to seventeen
years they're they're inevitably going
to absorb some information you think you
wouldn't be able to stop them but our
school system has somehow managed to
prevent kids from developing even the
basic fundamental understandings of
history it is an incredible thing and
again we're not talking about events
from ancient times we're talking about
events that many people walking the
earth now today actually lived through
and are still living through in places
like Venezuela yet the Democrat Party
has managed to tap into this very large
supply of supposedly educated people who
possess almost no functional knowledge
whatsoever at least they possess no
functional knowledge when it comes to
history and I would submit when it comes
to many other subjects as well so with
that in mind how can we call our
education system anything other than a
cataclysmic disaster
that it has produced ignorance and
intellectual laziness and idiocy on a on
a on an unprecedented scale and it has
somehow managed this feat at precisely
the moment when knowledge and
information have never been more readily
available this is this is what's
happened I know people don't like it
when I what I blame the education system
and I always hear from teachers and who
say I I'm yeah I'm I care about my kids
I'm educating my kids I'm not I know
that there are good teachers out there I
don't deny that but but and if you're a
good teacher then good for you because
you are working against the tide you've
got everything stacked against you and
at the end of the day even if you're the
best teacher in the world in most high
school environments you're only gonna
have your kid for the kids any any
particular kid you're only gonna have
for 45 minutes a day if not like 45
minutes a week or every couple or ever
you know a couple of times every week
and there's it's there's only so much
you can do in that time but I think even
if you're in the system and you work for
the system you can't deny I mean look
look around you at the incredible
ignorant that people are displaying and
remember we are this is ignorance in a
time when there is no excuse for it at
all because as I've pointed out many
times before we all carry around in our
pockets all of the knowledge that you
could possibly need it's all here and
then in school it's supposed to be
presented to you in a in a in a in a
kind of systematic way that you can
absorb and understand
so the the rise of socialism is an
enormous failure on the part of schools
and the part of parents the crop of the
young crop has been I guess you could
say fertilized by bad education bad
parenting and now it's really no trouble
for socialists to just kind of come
along and pick the fruits and there's no
real way to stop them either unless we
make drastic changes to our homes and
and to our schools so if you're
wondering why people are socialist
that's why it's not because the
socialist program is really that
appealing it's only a pink well I should
say it is appealing to ignorant people
who have not been properly formed
personally and morally that's who it's
appealing to but to rational intelligent
people who have been educated and who
have been properly formed as human
beings it isn't it is the most
unappealing thing in the world
especially at this point now that we
have a hundred years of history we can
look back and see all the bloodshed
misery and death and say wow yeah no
thanks
Alexandria is is having a wonderful time
tapping into that alright we're gonna
cut it off there but thanks for watching
thanks listen everybody have a great
weekend and I'll talk to you next week
