the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and
Sciences has invented a new category of
Oscar this year at the award ceremony
they'll give a statuette to best popular
movie that's right
fearing that the award show is sinking
into stultifying irrelevance and
alienating political diatribes the
Academy will try to entice viewers back
to the show by honoring movies that
people have actually seen instead of the
unwatchable trash they usually celebrate
in light of the new award for popular
films it seems the Academy might want to
add a couple of other categories as well
for instance they might give an award to
best
intersectional crapfest that no one saw
but that proves our virtue so they can
deliver a statuette to the sequel to
moonlight moonlight to this time the gay
black man is crippled they might also
have an award for best attempt to
normalize sexual deviancy the first
statuette would go to the musical biopic
never say never land in which convicted
pedophile victor salva directs Kevin
Spacey playing Michael Jackson plain
Roman Polanski directing Charlie Sheen
playing Harvey Weinstein hiring victor
salva to direct Kevin Spacey as Michael
Jackson another irrelevant Oscar
category might be best performance by a
white man that was overlooked in order
to give an award to a black man who
didn't actually deserve it this award
could be given in honor of Will Smith to
celebrate his performance in concussion
after someone season
finds out whether his performance was
any good or not and then celebrates it
anyway just to stop his wife's
complaining about make-believe racism
the Academy might also give an award for
Best Actress in a performance as a woman
who had no moral agency when she decided
to sleep with a sleazy producer to get
the part that made her career all in all
I think we can look forward to the next
Oscar ceremony as a moving tribute to an
art form people used to give a damn
about trigger warning I'm Andrew Clavin
and this is the Andrew Clavin show
all right will you come here today at
the brink the very brink of the Clavin
this weekend so like I said yesterday
suck all the Clavin II goodness you can
get out of this show because it's gonna
have to last you like a camel it's a
camel crossing the desert it's gonna
have to last you through the days
there's hard days to come hey if you
missed yesterday's show and my interview
with the god king of The Daily wire
Jeremy boring about the internet really
go back and watch it I thought that was
just great you know one of the things I
generally such if you think I give
Noel's a hard time I give it Jeremy such
a hard time did I have to pause
sometimes and remember you know a lot of
a lot a lot of conservative content on
the Internet
Jeremy's behind it Prager you some of
Bill Whittle stuff's on the my spot you
know just so much stuff that he just
thought you know he never says it said
anything but always do is pound on him
and he's actually been really one of the
hidden hidden hands behind the
conservative movement especially online
Esler Ezra Levant has been in England
visiting Tommy Robinson the activist the
anti Muslim activists have just got out
of prison he will be on the show later
on and will stay on and let you watch
that but you should subscribe but just
out of guilt at this point you know the
only cost a hundred bucks for the whole
year and you can be in the mail bag you
get the leftist tears tumblr what's not
to like
you know I am old enough to remember
seeing jaws in the theater when jaws
opened I went and saw it in the theater
and the experience of seeing jaws was
such that when you walked out I was
absolutely true you were shocked that
you weren't on the water when you walked
outside and you Ivor's I think I was in
San Francisco I walked outside and I
thought oh yeah I'm not I'm in on land
of course I am there was such an
immersive film and now if you want to
find out the incredible story and it
really is an incredible story the behind
the making of Jaws wonder II the podcast
people have a new podcast called inside
jaws it
takes you on an immersive journey
through the making of 1975's
pulse-pounding hitfilm and first ever
summer blockbuster I did not know that
that was the first-ever you'll follow
one of the most prolific film makers in
history Steven Spielberg from the making
of this first eight millimeter Western
as a young boy scout to the Iraqi
production and groundbreaking release of
a movie that changed the film industry
forever this is a tale of guts and glory
you don't want to miss it you can hear
the first two episodes right now by
subscribing to inside jaws on Apple
podcast or heading to wonder e dot F M
slash inside jaws or you can listen to
the first four episodes ad free by
signing up for one during plus at wonder
EECOM slash plus that's wo ND ery
dot-com slash PL us go subscribe to
inside jaws today it's a great story it
really is okay so a lot of times when
they give speeches I talked about the
fact that the Conservatives don't
understand the arts and I talked about
the fact that we believe in facts and
that makes us very suspicious of the
imagination and because of that we don't
participate in the arts we get stuck
with you know pointing at charts and
showing the numbers and all that stuff
while the left makes these brilliant
propaganda films you know that we pay
and we pay them to be propagandized we
pay them to turn James Bond into a
pro-social as James Bond spent his whole
life fighting the Communists and now
suddenly in in the later movies he
becomes pro-social socialists because
they're selling this propaganda avatar
one of the most popular successful films
of all time
pure left-wing propaganda they make us
pay to see their point of view they're
really good at it but their problem
their problem is they don't we don't
understand we don't understand that
conservative culture doesn't look like
conservative life I always talk about
The Sopranos what a conservative show it
is but it doesn't look like in serving
of life it's about crime it's got nudity
it's got cursing but it's a conservative
show so we don't understand that
conservative culture doesn't look like
conservative life the left has the
opposite problem they don't understand
that life doesn't look like left-wing
culture they think the world is taking
place in their imagination and they have
actually have a theory that fictions or
what govern the world and if you can
just get control of the narrative you
will change
reality they really do have this theory
and they write about it all the time
they don't understand that reality
remains exactly the same no matter what
you say about it and you can control
people's minds with a narrative but
ultimately reality comes and bites you
back on the backside and you know the
funny thing about this is I think a lot
of us on the right don't understand how
traumatized the left is and they're not
just traumatized by the defeat of
Hillary Clinton though they are
traumatized by that because in their
imagination she was already queen she
was already the queen of the country and
they didn't they don't even know that we
don't have a queen I mean they thought
you know she was just gonna fill that
role but they are traumatized by the
fact that they created Barack Obama in
their imagination as a savior they sold
her they sold him to us as a savior they
told us that this is it if you don't
like this man the only possible reason
could be must be because you're racist
that's the only possible reason and he
failed he failed he did a bad job with
the economy he did a bad job with the
Middle East he did a bad job around the
world the only thing he did was save us
from global warming with a treaty that
means absolutely nothing I mean that
that was that was Obama he did things in
his imagination like oh yes now we're
saved from global warming the oceans
will not will recede and won't take over
you know Palm Springs you know it was
all imagination and they are being
traumatized by the fact that reality
hasn't changed reality stick stuck to
the gods of the copybook heading it's
stuck to the old rules no matter what
Obama did and Obama failed he was a
failed president it was a failed
presidency the only thing that saved him
from absolute failure was the economic
crash which should have been a had a
great big recovery and have a little
recovery because of Obama but at least
it was a recovery so that saved him from
being an utter failure but he was hit
all his policies failed and now they're
all gone they're all this would be I
remember I remember a dinner I don't
think I've ever told the story yeah I
remember dinner with Andrew Breitbart he
invited some of his good friends
together and we're all laughing because
we're all middle-aged white men or
they're all sitting around one who says
conservatives were all middle-aged white
men oh it's awesome it was there John
Nolte who's now at Breitbart and it's
and I think Obama had just been elected
and we're all sort of discussing what to
do next and a lot of big
big names were at the table and I think
I was serving drinks I was by I think I
was the waiter but but Bill Whittle who
is an incredibly eloquent guy who can go
off for 20 minutes without ever saying
ah you know and just he's full complete
perfectly phrased sentences he went off
on a rant that must have gone on
seriously 20 minutes where he just said
this is the end of the left Obama's
election as the end of the left because
they've made him a savior and he's going
to fail and when he fails they're gonna
have to admit that all their programs
failed and all their saviors were bad
and all their that he went on and on and
it's just gonna goes on and on and then
at what he finished there was a long
silence and John Nolte who is just an
honest straightforward kind of
working-class guy I don't think goes I
don't know hey I think they'll just
blame us that's what's happened you know
but bill was right their savior failed
but they're just blaming us they're
blaming reality for being reality and
they're blaming Donald Trump for
representing that reality he's kind of
the big monster reality that has come
and so everything he says everything he
says they say the opposite and and they
just and they're creating this world of
the imagination the the the elections
yesterday the primaries and all this
they had a close run they almost got
this seat in Ohio that they wanted
desperately they lost it and they've
been just touting this thing that it was
a moral victory so so this is this is
how much in their imaginations the the
GOP strikes back with an ad it's a great
ad just showing but but listen it's not
just the ad but listen to the news
people trying to sell this to us as a
victory and then finally deflating and
realizing that close you know hiyo 12
but no cigar at least not yet this is a
moral victory for the Democrats the fact
that to this close is a moral victory
for the Democrats you want a real
victory we got some mojo all right so I
or whatever aural victory moral
victories moral victory moral victory
does not get you an office in Washington
victory isn't gonna cast a vote it here
in Washington come November you need
more than moral victories you're going
to need to get better than close
in some of these races club correct you
see there are no silver medals in
ecology that's its second place gets you
oblivion not a simple medicine the
silver medal moral victories do not a
house majority make they've got to get
across the finish line in these
districts in November either winning
seats but you're not a win is a win a
wins a win
it don't matter if you win by an inch or
a mile winnings winning Vin Diesel the
man great at but they're living in their
imagination and their fury is a reality
for not coming into line with their
imagination and they're furious at Trump
for representing that reality so
whatever he says they say the opposite
he had a hilarious line the other day
Trump at one of his rallies when he
talked about how he's gonna get the wall
built this cup 12 you know I just
figured out how to do the wall I'll say
I don't want to build the wall and
they'll insist on building it I just
figured that out right now
all he has to do is say I hate the wall
the Democrats will go in and build the
wall they would go
each Democrat in America will take a
brick and carry it down to the border
and hand build a wall and everything he
does and it's what makes them so absurd
it's what makes them so ridiculous
he just they just reinstated the
sanctions on Iran that Obama stupidly
removed for his stupid deal that was not
going to do anything to stop them from
building nuclear weapons but did prop up
a hellacious regime so Trump imposes the
sanctions the New York Times a former
newspaper runs a story that is just
hilarious about how poor Muhammad is
going to suffer he's gonna suffer from
these sanctions you know that that are
coming down on him just whatever Trump
does so now today yesterday I guess he
put new sanctions the administration put
new sanctions on the Russians because
remember they poisoned that former spy
in Britain and in support of them they
put new sanctions on the Russians but of
course we can't admit that that because
that shows that Trump has actually been
much harder on the Russians than the
last two administration's and that's
that isn't doesn't jibe with the
narrative that's in their imagination
and their imagination Trump's a Russian
spy in their imagination Trump and Putin
are you know sitting behind they're like
they're like Clinton and Monica Lewinsky
they're in the Oval Office doing it and
they're just so
the country to the Russians but in fact
he's been very tough so the New York
Times a former newspaper reports it this
way an administration official described
the list of affected items that would be
sanctioned as enormous ly elaborate but
outside experts said the actual amount
of exports involved is fairly small
because the Obama administration already
banned exports on to Russia that could
have military purposes
he hasn't even announced what exports
are being banned yet they haven't even
announced but it's not going to be as
good as Obama's it is not going to
because in their imagination Obama was
tough on Russia and their imagination
Obama was the savior if you think I'm
kidding I got to show you this you know
Vox Vox is this very very left-wing
website and Pro Publica which won the
Pulitzer Prize touts itself as an
investigative website but it was formed
by Democrats it's Pro democratise Birla
so Trump is always hitting against ms-13
right the gangs that have come up
the gangs were formed there was a
revolution in the 70s I guess it was in
Central America and all these guys from
Central America from El Salvador the
Honduras endorse other Central American
countries came up to America as illegal
immigrants and when they were here they
started to form this vicious gang ms-13
so Vox and Pro Publica makes a video
saying well it's our fault it's a reform
it's not a Central American thing they
were formed here which is true the gang
was formed here but it's but Central
American gangs and they're all illegal
immigrants start telling us Leeza this
is truly the FBI says this is the most
brutal gang in America these are guys
they love their machetes they want to
cut children to pieces they do all this
horrible horrible stuff I think here so
help me I am NOT making this up wait
this looks like something that Jay hey
did in the back room you know but is it
this is this is ProPublica and Vox
telling us you know Trump is demonizing
these guys but they're not that bad I've
been reporting on Long Island for a year
and the ms-13 that I'm seeing on the
ground there has almost nothing in
common with the ms-13 as portrayed by
the government for one the Trump
administration presents ms-13 as a drug
cartel criminal cartels like ms-13 but
that's not really the case ms-13 is not
really involved in the international
drug trade the ms-13 members that I've
been following are working after-school
jobs they're living with their parents
they get around Long Island on bicycles
because they can't afford cars it's not
the kind of gang that you really get any
money from ms-13 isn't a highly
organized criminal group it doesn't have
a central leader or global ambitions but
it's been classified as a transnational
criminal organization the Obama era
Treasury Department put the group on a
list of sanctioned organizations with
groups like the Mexican Zetas and the
Japanese Yakuza but the organization
doesn't have that kind of sophistication
to do to really play with the major
player these poor kids these poor kids
have to work two jobs to buy a machete
you know you can't afford do jobs and
and when did they find time to go cut
children to pieces you know when you
have two jobs it's tough you gotta wait
till Saturday to cut you know the
opposing gang member to pieces is sad
it's a sad I mean anything Trump says
trump is reality and they are living in
their imagination and they are so angry
at reality and so angry at Trump that
anything he said you know and this is
you wonder why showbusiness hates Donald
Trump because they're in the business of
the imagination they're in the business
of the imagination where you know
Alexandria Google eyes Cortez has
policies that work we can afford her
policies because they all make sense in
the world of the imagination
so there's thrilled Rosie O'Donnell
unbelievable I remember when I was when
they first started having rock videos on
TV there was a station called vh1 I
think it was called this may still be on
and one of the VJs was Rosie O'Donnell
and I used to watch her while I was on
the elliptical machine I would watch the
rock
videos as I was exercising and there
would be there was this kind of black
guy with there was a black guy with
glasses and I thought he was really
charming and really had a lot of talent
and I thought boy this Rosie O'Donnell
has no talent that I she is going
nowhere
we'll never and of course that the guy
the black I ended up doing like frozen
food commercials and Rosie O'Donnell
became a fairly major player she is
still a no talent but she's outside
she's gathered the Broadway together
because they know they know right winger
wants to go see a Broadway play anymore
so they know they're not gonna alienate
anybody and they're singing songs
outside the White House to protest
Donald Trump they're gonna do it until
they leave so here's her protest we are
so thrilled to finally be here at the
Kremlin annex on night 22 how many have
been here every night let's hear it
and we're gonna keep coming back until
he's out
so so first of all Trump wasn't even
there when they were doing this but I
think it's kind of like Joshua if they
sing you know climb every mountain loud
enough the White House will just crumble
you know it's a but it's all it's all
imaginary and Rosie O'Donnell is the
perfect perfect spokeswoman they're
giving they're having her on shows
they're having her on television shows
and they forget that she's a truth or
she's nuts the woman is out of her mind
she's she's the one who said well play
it play it that we have that thing from
the view yeah this is cut number eight I
do believe that it is the first time in
history that fire has ever melted steel
I do believe that it defies physics for
the World Trade Center tower seven
building seven which collapsed in on
itself it is impossible for a building
to fall the way it fell without
explosives being involved World Trade
Center seven World Trade of one and two
got hit by planes seven miraculously the
first time in history steel was melted
by fire
it is a physically impossible and who do
you think is responsible for that I have
no idea but to say that we don't know
that it imploded it it was an implosion
in a demolition is beyond ignorant look
at the films get a physics expert here
from Yale from Harvard pick the school
it defies reason you know Popular
Mechanics did a whole article explaining
why they the World Trade Center
collapsed exactly what it didn't it
didn't melt the steel although fires
made to use - used to make steel but it
didn't melt it just weakened it so that
they the supports collapsed anyway it
all made perfect sense of course of
course there was not what I always loved
the 9/11 conspiracy because I have no
idea what the point of it is but this is
who she is
this is who she is just pure ignorance
and pure paranoia she goes on Chris
Cuomo show on CNN and even Chris Cuomo
gives her a reality check when you're
getting a reality check from Chris Cuomo
you are no longer anywhere near reality
I mean listen to this he's not only bad
because he's a liar he's bad because he
doesn't know how to inspire people or
evoke that emotion in them of about his
rally going and there first of all
people are paid Chris you know that
people
paid since he went down on the escalator
he pays people to show up that but I
don't know that that's but I don't know
that that's why he gets tens of
thousands at the rallies I think he
captures a lot of emotion tens of
thousands when did he get tens of
thousands of a lot of these well me well
no not at the tamp I think they only had
nine thousand seats and there were
people outside but Rosie I've seen them
he gets big groups of people who come
out he he gives themes that resonate
whether they're positive or not that's
up to other people to decide maybe
somewhere I don't know I can't paid I
don't have the facts that his crowds are
boy you can look at well you can look at
all the requests for extras to come and
cheer and with signs for him you can
find those tangible pieces of evidence
not only not only are the Trump
supporters paid but they are actually
modeled out of the steel that was melted
at the World Trade Center they're
completely phony you know because
because they live in their imaginations
because they they think that if they
don't tell us stuff if they lie we
reality itself will change I want to end
this this with just talking about what I
think is the biggest news story or
should be the biggest news story of the
day just for his pure sensationalism the
police on Friday raided a compound in
New Mexico because they were looking for
a missing kid and they had gotten notes
that this kid was in this compound they
raided this compound in New Mexico found
starving children who were being trained
these starving children were being
trained to commit school shootings it
was training I mean it's that not a big
story is that not a big story here is
CBS's report when they filed the court
documents on this ok just give me the
first minute but trust me it continues
this way for two and a half minutes see
if you can find the missing word in this
story and the missing word when you
found the missing word you will know why
the story is not being reported in a big
way we're gonna begin tonight with new
revelations about a mysterious compound
in northern New Mexico nearly a dozen
hungry children are found living in
filthy conditions five adults face child
abuse charges and court documents today
now show one of them is under
investigation for training children to
med school shootings more on this now
from Omar Villafranca handcuffed and in
a jumpsuit Suraj WA Hodges first court
appearance this afternoon in New Mexico
waha judged with 11 counts of child
abuse a court documents show he may have
been planning something more sinister a
foster parent of one of the children
alerted investigators that will Hodge
had trained the child in the use of an
assault rifle in preparation for future
school shootings prosecutors reveal the
information to make the case he should
not be given bail will Hodge another man
and three women were arrested when
deputies raided the complex last week
find the missing word yeah Islam Islam
that's the way it was an Islamist
compound and they that's why they're
burying it it took them days to mention
it I mean the even when they do mention
that they mentioned it deep in the story
by the end of the story you can deduce
that it was an Islamist compound but
they just leave it out because if they
don't tell the story
the reality won't exist and that is the
major flaw on the left that is their
problem on the left their problem is
reality all right we're gonna talk more
about this because when you want to see
the wages of living in your imagination
you can look at Rotherham and England
where all those girls were raped while
nobody wanted to admit that it was going
on because they were afraid of being
called racist we're going to talk to
Ezra Levant about what's happening with
Tommy Robinson who was trying to report
on that story and was put in prison for
it but first it is time for the
left-wing dictionary you know we missed
our Tuesday release of the left-wing
dictionary we had a little bit of
technical difficulties we had to fix but
here is f is for feminism F F is for
feminism feminism is a movement to end
the unfair treatment of women by having
women complain about every little thing
until you just can't stand them before
feminism women was forced to stay at
home shaping the souls of a new
generation until their children rose up
and call from blessings they weren't
allowed to do important stuff like
running the Amalgamated widget company
while underpaying poor minority women to
stay at home and shape the souls of a
new generation after the poor minority
women had dropped their own children off
at unclean overcrowded daycare centers
conversely before feminism men got all
the breaks and we're allowed to do cool
stuff like work for a living and try not
to sleep around even though they really
wanted to today though because of
feminism women have many rights they
never had before they have the right to
miss the experience of raising their
children by working eight hours a day
for a man who doesn't care about them
before going home to ruin their
children's lives by spoiling them
because they feel so guilty about not
having been there all day they have the
right to enjoy meaningless sex just like
men do and then get incredibly depressed
and feel as if they'd been used and
treated like a piece of meat because
they were used and treated like a piece
of meat by men who enjoy meaningless sex
much more than women do they have the
right to daydream that a man will come
and rescue them and take care of them
and then feel guilty about it
because feminism told them they're not
supposed to daydream that but they do
anyway and they have the right to blame
their problems on men until no man on
earth would want to talk to them and
they're forced to spend the best years
alone pretending that's okay when it's
really not but they're not allowed to
say so before feminism arose in the
1970s according to a recent not made up
study women judged themselves to be
happier than men since the advent of
feminism women's happiness and
satisfaction have declined until now men
report themselves to be happier when
asked why they were less happy after
feminism than before women said shut up
I don't want to talk about it just leave
me alone then they ran away sobbing
uncontrollably f is for feminism
I'm Andrew Clavin with the Lefty's
dictionary that is brutal that guy
should be that guy should be banned like
Alex Jones oh wait it's me feminism you
can see it online pass it around
Ezra Levant as a human rights activist
author and TV oh she's the founder of
the rebel media a Canadian right-wing
news outlet and is also the author of
two best-selling books ethical oil and
and oil oil oil sands and shakedown in
2014 Ezra was voted as the biggest name
in canadian broadcasting he was also
voted the talking head you'd most like
to silence in a survey of Canada's
Parliament Hill staff so he must be
doing something right I'm on his show
all the time this time I thought I'd
have him on and talk about Tommy
Robinson here is s Lloyd Ezra Levent
Ezra Levant thanks very much for coming
on I appreciate it
my pleasure so you've just gotten back
from England on this Tommy Robinson case
before we get start talking about it
explain exactly what this case is about
sure Tommy Robinson is a colorful
character he is a citizen journalist who
came up from the sort of football soccer
hooligan world so he's he's you know the
fancy classes in the UK would look down
on him as some ruffian but he's actually
the only journalist and the entire UK
with the courage to talk about the tough
issues and in that country open borders
mass Muslim migration and a particular
phenomenon called Muslim rape gangs
exists and everyone's afraid to talk
about it because it's so politically
correct but just here's a quick anecdote
there's a city of 250,000 people called
rather 'm so it's not a big city but
over the course of a few years 1,400
white indigenous British girls were
systematically extorted and raped by a
Pakistani Muslim rape gang 1,400 girls
in the city of 250,000 people this was
known very soon doctors social workers
police detected this quickly but there
was a conspiracy of silence by what
Daniel Pipes calls the five P
professionals the police the prosecutors
the politicians the press the professors
because everyone was so afraid of being
called racist so here's an example one
mum dragged her underage daughter out of
one of these rape rooms to the police
and said help my daughter and a
policeman said you be quiet now or we
will charge you with parental neglect
and and this was covered up for years it
was finally a formal inquiry and the
number one excuse given was afraid of
being called racist Tommy Robinson
reports on this unreported subject and
on May 25th he was
outside a courthouse in Leeds where a 29
person rape gang was on in on trial for
raping girls as young as 11 years old
and he was out there live-streaming on
Facebook and then seven police swooped
down on him bundled him in the back of a
police truck he was hauled before the
judge who had a summary trial and it
would and sentenced him and can to 13
months in prison for live streaming so
it we went from arrest to prison in five
hours
didn't-didn't they have some kind of
that he was out on on bail had me
violated some parole thing where's that
long he he had done a similar thing in
Canterbury where there was a rape gang
on trial there and he filmed himself on
the court precincts a little selfie
video for 45 seconds I should tell you
Tommy Robinson used to work with us at
the rebel a year ago so I know this
because I was involved in the Canterbury
cases he pointed his cellphone at his
face like this and he talked into it for
forty-five seconds but because he was
standing on the court precincts that's
illegal
so he just did a little video commentary
45 seconds he was given a 3-month
suspended sentence okay so that sentence
kicked into effect and they added
another 10 months to him got it because
he was standing outside the Leeds Court
and and he didn't say anything about the
trial inside other than the names of the
accused so now he he went to prison for
13 months he's out though am i right
yeah now he we mustered a crowd fund
campaign to hire some excellent lawyers
to appeal his conviction and his
sentence and the Lord Chief Justice of
the entire England and Wales presided
over the case with the Court of Appeal
and he won so after two months and he
served it in solitary confinement can
you believe that because as you can
imagine Muslim prison gangs I mean in
the United States you have different
ethnic gangs in prison you have Hispanic
gangs black gangs white gangs I guess in
the UK the DOM
prison gangs are Muslim and in fact when
you're in prison you often convert to
Islam to be protected by the Muslim gang
so Tommy Robinson had a fatwa on his
head any Muslim prisoner who would
murder him would become a hero so he had
to be put in solitary or they he'd be
killed immediately Wow well you can't
live for 13 months in solitary they had
him in prison for two and a two months
and the the Muslim prison gangs worked
the kitchen so he couldn't eat anything
that wasn't sealed or wrapped because
they would say oi Tommy how's your food
eh because they were trying to poison
him so he lost 40 pounds in prison he
asked for permission to get more food
the the prison warden said no he lost 40
pounds we finally sprung them out of
prison last week he said he looks like a
concentration camp survivor he's he was
not fat to begin with he was like 170
pounds he's a grown man he's 135 pounds
now and here's the crazy thing they're
sending him back to court next month to
have a rehearing they want to throw him
back in prison again for the same thing
for the same thing because the Court of
Appeal threw out the conviction and the
sentence saying it was procedurally
flawed in about six different ways but
instead of throwing it out they said so
have a retrial of the same offense and
do it right and put him away right the
Court of Appeal was an incredible
vindication that his first conviction
was flawed onerous he was sentenced to
under the wrong provisions he was not
given a right to a fair hearing he
didn't have proper counsel there were so
many things flawed with it he was
obviously treated improperly in prison
but instead of letting the man go after
a two-month prison term the court of
appeals said I'll just do it over again
and just get it right this time
so he's in jeopardy of more prison I
should tell you that he is the first
journalist in the UK to be imprisoned
for contempt of court since 1949 so it's
just not done in the UK so now why are
you you're Canadian why are you going
over there well as I mentioned Tommy
used to work for us here at the rebel he
was our you cage
journalist and i meanwhy became friends
with him and we fought on his side to
get him out of trouble in the canterbury
rape gang trial so he's independent now
but when I saw him get locked up in the
back of that police truck his last words
were getting me a lawyer right and I
thought well I can do that cuz I know
all these lawyers and they you came from
when Tommy worked with us so I mean I
met his wife and his kids and the idea
of Tommy Robinson going to prison for
thirteen months because he was reporting
out and all he did was say the names of
the accused and he read them off the
government broadcaster website the BBC
at this moment Andrew you'll write on
the BBC website and google the
Huddersfield rape gang they call it a
grooming gang the Huddersfield grooming
gang you could read the twenty nine
names off the BBC website right now all
Tommy Robinson did was read the
government website into Facebook and he
was arrested for contempt of court
because they said that was disrupting
and endangering the integrity of the
trial simply to read those names on on
the live stream now let me ask you this
I mean I'll I'll have if you were if you
can give me a hand with this I'll have
Tommy on the show and I will let him
make his case and interview him directly
if he wants to come on but but meanwhile
meanwhile I have heard all kinds of
things about about Tommy Robinson
personally that he has been arrested for
violence for you know domestic abuse a I
know he was part of the British National
Party which is an actual fascist party
I'm not sure how long he was with them
or are we even though he's right about
the rape gangs is it possible that he is
on the wrong side and a lot of other
ways you know I heard so many bad things
about Tommy Robinson because I relied on
the internet the mainstream media so
when I first I remember my first
interview with him by a Skype I was sort
of nervous I said Tommy they say all
these things about you how do you feel
about the Jews how do you feel about
this and that and I realized that a lot
of it was misinformation when I first
met him in in the UK I met him with his
best friend since childhood who happens
to be black his key allies are Sikh
because Muslim rape gangs they they
attack British girls and Sikh girls
oddly enough
um it's true that he was the founder of
something called the English Defence
League but when it became in to
intolerant and racist he abandoned it he
he actually shut down the organisation
that he created it's not true that he
was arrested for domestic violence that
that's simply not true I mean he he got
into a shouting match and then he got
into a scuffle with a police on an
off-duty police officer like I said when
we in my first mention of him he comes
from that football hooligan world tommy
is no saint but although he has his
vices he has one enormous virtue he's
willing to speak truth it where the rest
of the media and the 5p professionals in
the UK are silent Tommy Robinson is is
not the gentlest of souls but he has one
characteristic of stubbornness that is
so necessary to smash the information
cartel there let me give you a little
anecdote you know Piers Morgan you know
who I'm talking about he hosts a show
called good morning Britain just like
Good Morning America when Tommy Ronnie
he he invited Tommy Robinson on to
debate Islamic rape gangs and and and
the Quran that was the highest rated
show in goodmorning Britain's history
now why is that because Tommy was very
articulate and he talked about he's he's
published an annotated Quran it went to
number one on the British bestseller
list and so he's not just a job he's
very articulate he has another
best-selling book called enemy of the
state that talks about how the police
decided that Tommy Robinson was an
easier problem to solve
then the islamification of the UK oh
don't get me wrong I'm not saying he's
the gentlest man you'll ever meet but
sometimes our free speech champions we
have to take them as we find them he's
not perfect but they're going just like
they're going after Alex Jones in the
United States and he's difficult
sometimes for people to abide well
that's the point they go after the
low-hanging fruit
and then it's Alex Jones today it's
Breitbart tomorrow it's Ben Shapiro the
day after that sure it's Tommy Robinson
today and then maybe it's you know you
know a more mainstream newspaper the day
after that I don't feel comfortable with
the United Kingdom the mother of so much
liberty putting a journalist in prison
because he was saying the names of 29
accused rapists well so let's talk about
but let's talk about the bigger issue
for a minute here obviously this wave of
immigrants that has come on as has
created a tremendous problem obviously
to there is something truly truly wrong
with a society that lets its children be
raped because they don't want to be
accused of racism something has gone
desperately wrong with that kind of
society no question about it and I know
that Canada has problems with free
speech too now where they don't want
people they actually have committees
that can stop you and and penalize you
for saying things that are outside of
the leftist realm of approval let me ask
you this is there is there a way forward
with this incredible Muslim influx is
there a way that these people can be
taken in and assimilated and adapted or
do you feel that it is just impossible
do you feel that Islam in the West can
live together well the problem is most
politicians when you ask them in that
question will focus on the easy answer
which is security they'll say oh we do a
background check we we check for
terrorism and things like that that's
not a sufficient answer because I think
that while when when there is Muslim
mass Muslim immigration terrorism does
follow that's not the real threat to our
society the odds of being the victim of
an actual terrorist attack are extremely
low but the odds of a cultural move
towards Sharia law the ending the
separation of mosque and state bringing
in gender apartheid in Canada it's
ubiquitous public swimming pools that
have gender separation now so Muslim
women can swim without those haram white
men there so it's that the threat of
that cannot be detected with some
background check you can't type
someone's name into a computer and then
say oh this person will undermine the
separation of mosque and state the
Equality of men and women this person
doesn't like Jews or Hindus or
Christians for that matter those things
you have to test with the values test
and that's when you get into that queasy
oh I don't want to be racist moment that
we saw in rather them here's the thing
about Islam there are wonderful people
from that world who love our Western
values Salman Rushdie is the most
obvious example but what we are not
doing is we're not separating the Wolves
from the Lambs when we when Europe takes
two million Muslim migrants and does not
sort them in facts let them lets them
sort themselves basically the strongest
and the fastest young man who can get
over to to Germany and France
we're not sorting the wolves from the
Lambs in fact we're taking a
disproportionate number of wolves I
believe in taking people from Muslim
countries who are enlightened and
liberal and progressive in their Islam
and there are wonderful examples of that
ayaan Hirsi Ali being a famous example
but we are not even vetting people
whether or not they're a cultural fit
and the thing is if you have a small
small Muslim migrant population that's
not a big issue but in many towns in the
UK like Luton where Tommy Robinson was
from Malmo in Sweden Rotterdam in
Holland where you have 30 40 50 % of the
people being Muslim it no longer has the
characteristics of Holland or UK or
Sweden it becomes a ghetto where niqabs
and hijabs are the norm where Sharia
Courts de-facto
mete out the law where alcohol and is
banned gays are beat up and terrorism
Fester's like molenbeek Belgium so it
it's actually about numbers and we're
not vetting we're not sorting it would
be as if in 1940 the West were taking
Germans okay I like Germans too but
let's sort the
the true refugees from the perpetrators
there let me let me ask you the last
question because I'm at a time but the
people you mentioned as as people who
are enlightened in Western Salman
Rushdie and Hirsi Ali they're not
Muslims they've abandoned the faith
essentially what do you propose that
Europe and I assume Canada what do you
propose they do about the Muslim
population that's already there well I
think the first rule of holes is when
you're in one stop digging I think you
just can't have mass on I think we have
to vet for cultural fit it's not just
language many don't you need some job
skills many don't but you need cultural
skills how do you feel about women being
uncovered how do you feel about women
too we have mass Syrian migrants that
Justin Trudeau our Prime Minister
brought over they don't do well when a
female teacher in high school says sit
down they they slap back physically that
is a cultural fit question and and we
just don't have an obligation to bring
over people who will change our core
cultural values I think it's so tough in
rather 'm this was such a tricky
question they literally allowed an
entire generation of girls to be raped
and not just once but repeatedly and
endlessly for years rather than being
called racist and prepare rapists to
racist that will kill us all that that
is that is an atrocity
Ezra Levant rebel media thank you so
much for coming on I will talk again and
if Tommy wants to come on I will I would
love to talk them directly I'll let him
know thank you Andrew thanks a lot is it
alright let's leap right into stuff I
like
Oh
that's a little barbershop quartet there
Jason
Kaspar sent that one in we're still it
was still vetting him so keep saying
well play him all right now you know on
stuff I like I have been very very
careful not to allow any con for mob
nepotism or friendship to affect my
choices of the things I recommend
because I don't want this to become a
forum where I'm constantly being called
up and people are saying oh can you put
my stuff on stuff I like so I haven't
done that I'm making an exception in
this case because of my own feelings
about this and I want to talk about the
Book of Isaiah or as the British say
Isaiah because the British are just so
annoying you know the Book of Isaiah the
prophet Isaiah is the book that Jesus
quoted more than any other and the
reason when you read it seems obvious
it's because Isaiah's
theme is that you you should not depend
on the physical world you should depend
on God so that if you are in a political
Jam and you go to the wrong and a lie to
make you stronger but you're not
depending on God that a lie will not
help you in the end if you are doing
sacrifices bringing sacrifices to God he
doesn't care if you're not just if
you're not righteous he wants you to
depend on him and follow the meaning of
things not just the physical world and
obviously that was very much Jesus's
theme you know one of the reasons Isaiah
can be very difficult to understand is
because he uses he's talking about
political situations that obviously
don't exist anymore it's thousands of
years ago and sometimes it's hard to
understand why he's referring to say it
say Egypt or you know Assyria or
whatever country he's referring to it's
as if I said you know Russia is meddling
with our elections and they found that
four thousand years from now and Russia
had no meaning anymore as they didn't
know what Russia was or what it meant to
me so it can be very difficult and so it
needs to be a very clear translation let
me just read a little bit of a new
translation of the first book of Isaiah
I'm editing a little bit for spit for
space but it is God telling people
through Isaiah that he doesn't care if
you celebrate him he doesn't care if you
bring him sacrifice
he wants you to be what he you are
supposed to be and he says here Isaiah
says hear God's Proclamation you elites
of Sodom so he is calling the people in
Israel the elites of Sodom lend your
ears to our God's teaching people of
Gomorrah what good are all your
sacrifices to me says God I'm stuffed
full offerings of goat's milk from fat
cows Bulls blood sheep and Rams I take
no pleasure in them when you come to
show yourselves before me who asked for
that from you to trample my courtyards
no more stop bringing worthless gifts
sweet-smelling incense it's vile to me
when you stretch out your palms I'll
hide my eyes from you even when you
multiply your prayers you'll get no
audience from me your hands are full of
blood wash get pure get the evil of the
things you do out of my sight let go of
evil learn how to make good hunt after
justice give relief to victims and
justice to orphans plead the widow's
case come here says God let's talk this
out together if your sins are like
scarlet they'll turn white like snow
this is a brand new translation by my
son Spencer who is a brilliant scholar
in at Oxford and he is crowd editing
this he is putting it up chapter by
chapter on his website and wants you to
read it and send him your opinions of
how the translation reads how it feels
to you and I think it is a really
worthwhile project because we need calls
it the Isaiah project and we need a new
translation of this book because it can
become very obscure over time even
though they're obviously the King James
is a beautiful translation it's hard to
read over time so he's going to publish
this one chapter at a time and he would
love to have you come and read it and
comment on it that you to find it go to
his website is called rejoice - evermore
dot-com or Joyce - evermore dot-com and
you can find the Isaiah project read his
new translation chapter by chapter as it
comes out I think one chapter a week and
comment on it it would be a big help to
him and I think it's really I think the
translation is absolutely beautiful and
I think you know you're calm
well obviously improve it I'm sorry
that's all I can do the Clavin this
weekend is here I've saved it off as
long as I possibly could you're stuck
you're screwed
I'm Andrew Cleveland this is the Andrew
Clavin show survivors gathered here on
Monday the Andrew Clavin show is
produced by Robert Sterling executive
producer Jeremy boring senior producer
Jonathan hey our supervising producer is
Mathis Glover and our technical producer
is Austin Stevens edited by Emily J
audio is mixed by Mike kameena hair and
makeup is by Joshua alvera the Andrew
Klavan show is a daily wire for word
publishing production copyright for word
publishing 2018
