the West Hollywood City Council has just
voted to remove President Donald Trump's
star from the Hollywood Walk of Fame
I'm Michael Knowles I'm here to get
people's reactions on the removal of
Donald Trump star
should Trump get to keep his store or
should they rip it up they see rip it up
I'm always I mean if AB sets people just
remove it I guess
well he's a big TV story had that show
The Apprentice what about the other
stores that upset people like the Bill
Cosby star well then they weren't racist
against people I guess are they didn't
bill cosby's are rapists against people
that's true you know right next to
Donald Trump's star is Kevin Spacey star
what do you think we should do about say
Bill Cosby star what do you think should
the store be removed oh it's that kind a
hot if a sure but I think it's good so
you think the store should stay yes
the store doesn't bother you would you
say that you support Donald Trump or you
don't support it they just voted in the
West Hollywood City Council to get rid
of Donald Trump's star what do you think
about that Wow leave it there or would
you call yourself a Trump supporter
that should trump get to keep his store
it doesn't feel like it's right just
remove it just get someone vandalized
would you guys call yourselves Trump
supporters I think they said they
shouldn't have to you know remove it or
nothing like that you know I think
that's just more any more hey you know
it's just turning a turn people against
each other and they actually have no
power to get rid of that star it's all
up to the Hollywood here Chamber of
Commerce would you call yourself a trump
supporter yes there aren't that many of
us out here no there is it's just me and
you so it's really just a symbolic thing
that they've decided because they don't
like the president is it you think it's
virtue signaling absolutely I think it's
purchasing believe me it's good for
business whether you like him or not
people want to picture either thumbs
down and a thumbs up so that's that's a
first-rate
Donald Trump is good for business mail
the news star and put a wall around it
that's I think in a bigger star food on
like four four blocks that's a great
idea I'm in thank you thank you all
right so that's what you have heard the
local lefty politicians here are so
disconnected from the people who
actually walk around a Leawood that they
all say one thing about the star and the
people on the street say exactly the
opposite an important lesson not to
believe the mainstream media and lefty
politicians a lesson that will always
serve you well
I'm Michael Knowles from Hollywood
Boulevard
