so have you heard about the hottest new
mental disorder it's it's the it's the
newest one on the market you can go and
pick it up at Target or Walmart if you
want
it's called snapchat dysmorphia that's
the newest one we read a little bit from
the the story about it on The Daily wire
it says plastic surgeons say more people
are coming into their offices and asking
if the doctors can make them look like
they do in snapchat researchers from
Boston University School of Medicine's
Department of Dermatology
wrote previously patients would bring
images of celebrities to their
consultations to emulate their
attractive features a new phenomenon
dubbed snapchat dysmorphia has patients
seeking out cosmetic surgery to look
like filtered versions of themselves
instead with fuller lips bigger eyes or
a thinner nose this is an alarming trend
because those filtered selfies often
present an unattainable look and are
blurring the lines of reality and
fantasy for these patients okay so
people are going in and they're asking
for a plastic surgery so there were some
statistics about plastic surgery in this
article and trying to find them that
were pretty disturbing the Washington
reports that in Washington Post reports
that in a 20-17 survey the American
Academy of facial plastic and
reconstructive surgery found that 55% of
plastic surgeons said patients had
requested surgery to look better on
social media apps up 13% from the
previous year 55% over half of the
patients are going in and trying to
permanently alter their bodies
surgically just for the sake of social
media
now this really isn't that complicated
and it isn't this is not a mental
disorder eat either you see how easily
we come up with new mental disorders
just like that they just call it that
and it's snapchat dysmorphia and there
we go and now we've got a new mental
disorder on the books your if you're
wondering how we end up with 300 some
mental disorders in the diagnostic
Statistical Manual des Mental Disorders
this is how we end up with it because
it's just you can just make them up it's
just it's as easy as that if you if
you're a researcher writing a paper or
you're a doctor you just make up a new
one it's it's I mean it's kind of fun
actually you can just make up mental
sorters whenever you want but this is
not a mental disorder it's really if you
have any if we have any understanding of
the human condition it shouldn't be that
difficult to spot narcissism when we see
it this is just narcissism
these are narcissists who are who are
going to get plastic surgery mostly its
narcissists we get plastic surgery in
the first place
but especially when they're getting it
for the sake of social media they're
narcissist narcissism is when you take
an excessive interest in yourself
especially your appearance but not only
that
