with the midterm elections approaching
it's time to take a look at the battles
that would be going on for the hearts
and souls of the two major parties if
they had hearts or souls for the
Democrats on one side their
establishment candidates who want to
stick to the tried and true utter
failure of the Obama years they're
running on a platform of economic
stagnation disguised by the sort of
virulent race-baiting
that offers minorities the opportunity
to chant angry slogans while wallowing
in poverty violence and dysfunction as
establishment Democrat Nancy Pelosi put
it quote it's time to go forward into
the past so that Americans can answer
the important questions like where am I
and why is there lipstick on my forehead
unquote
mrs. Pelosi then proceeded to walk into
a broom closet where she remained for
the next 17 days on the radical side of
the party there are candidates like
Alexandria Google eyes Cortes these
socialists are no longer satisfied with
the Democrats record of slow decay and
failure and want to ratchet that up into
a program of rapid decay and complete
disaster Cortes recently outlined her
platform telling reporters quote if we
can just take all the money away from
billionaire businessmen and give it to
the poor then the poor will be able to
get an education so they'll be prepared
to get jobs at the businesses that will
no longer be there because we took all
their money away then we'll distract the
poor from their unemployment and misery
by race-baiting that will offer
minorities the opportunity to chant
angry slogans while wallowing in poverty
violence and dysfunction it's a totally
new idea unquote now for the Republicans
the battle is between those candidates
who support Donald Trump and those
candidates who will be spending next
year selling real estate or singing
musical comedy in summer stock morning
I'm Andrew Clavin and this is the Andrew
Clavin show
life is tickety-boo so we need also
singing it's
all right hooray rots mailbag day you
are your minutes mere minutes away from
having all your problems solved you know
that mean this is yeah there it is
where's the real Lindsay she was
wandering around the halls a couple of
days ago but she's gone but you know we
will solve all your pod of romantic
questions in the a lot of romance
questions in the mailbag today and
coming up we are going to have a serious
interview with the god-king of The Daily
wire jeremy boring and i'll explain why
in just a minute but first let us talk
about blue apron because it's summer
it's time to eat and that means it's
time to eat well and with blue apron you
will indeed be eating well because blue
apron delivers farm-fresh ingredients
and step-by-step recipes to your door
but this basically is is home cooking
that tastes like restaurant cooking
because you're you'll be cooking in your
kitchen but you will be making the kind
of meals that you really only get in
restaurants it's quick and easy recipe
options perfectly portioned ingredients
delivered right to your door blue apron
makes dinner quick easy and insanely
tasty skip meal planning and get
straight to cooking with blue apron
they chef designed recipes and exciting
partnerships like Bob's Burgers and
master chefs Bob's Burgers okay check
out this week's menu and get your first
three meals free you know we giving food
away for free like how easy is this for
you guys at blue apron dot-com slash
Andrew that's blue apron calm slash
Andrew to get your first three meals
free blue apron it is a better way to
cook I mean that you know the left is
always saying we'll give you free this
will give you free that we're actually
giving you free food we could be
Alexandra Google eyes Cortes so you know
Mark Twain said that talking war talk
with a soldier who's been to war is
always interesting moon talk with a poet
who's never been to the moon is always
dull and I was thinking yesterday we're
talking about Alex Jones being banned
off all the social media sites and I'm
listening to everybody talk about it I
realize most of these people have no
idea how the internet works most of us
have no idea how the internet works but
here at the Daily wire we have very few
human beings actually walk I call him a
human being you know what I mean though
walking around who actually understands
how the internet works and you know we
don't have the god-king on too often
because the human sacrifice is messy and
expensive to get him that to get them to
actually descend but the other thing is
every time
Jeremie boring is on we're kidding
around with them and that's because he
exists and I think it's the rule at the
Daily wire that if you exist we have to
kidder I make jokes about it
Jeremie boy built this place and the
thing is you know been has been such a
wonderful success in such a big star and
you always a take the guy who's the
front of the operation and attribute the
success to him but this place sprang out
of Jeremy's head and when you listen to
Jeremy talk about the internet you
suddenly think like oh there's somebody
who actually knows what's going on on
the internet so I thought I would bring
him on and let him share a little bit of
his knowledge with you and not talk
about soccer for 10 minutes so Jeremy
Daley what not that now that you're
absolutely right about soccer but you
know so it happened as I got a text
message this morning from my assistant
saying drew wants to have you on the
show
absolutely no details that's what we
might be discussing so I did a lot of
reading about soccer this well I know
you love it so much and you're such a
fan it's for love of the game you know
you look that's so much here's the thing
you know we're watching this we're
watching Alex Jones and I know you feel
virtually the same way about Alex Jones
I do the guy is vile we're not defending
Alex Jones has nothing to do with with
him I like that when when Lou Ferrigno
played Alex Jones Marc what is it
whatever Ruffalo Marc not as good but
you know they banned him and everybody's
talking about the First Amendment it's
not about the first man it's about free
speech free speech is an American
tradition and American way of living it
has nothing to do with the First
Amendment it protects it from the
government but free speech is something
we should all be in favor of and this
seems to me like the beginning of a way
of deep platforming all right wing
conversation by declaring it to be
hateful yeah I feel like when people say
things you know if you if you've been
tracking this conversation on social
media over the last handful of days it
seems like there's a divide especially
on the right but
Queen those who say it's a first
amendment issue and those who say that
it's the right of private companies to
determine what goes on their platforms
but actually neither one of those is
wholly accurate and that's because there
are regulations about what kinds of
things can and cannot be published not
what can and can't be published as a
strictly speech issue but what can and
cannot be published by these internet
platforms within a very narrow carve out
they received from the government to
avoid libel law and that's the that's
the actual part of the conversation that
matters in the part that no one's having
was the thing called the Communications
Decency Act and the way it works
basically and we think about it this way
if you write something one of your books
that's wholly inaccurate and let's say
it defamed someone you're your publisher
has an obligation to catch that before
they publish the book that's why in
traditional newsrooms you have
fact-checkers who work diligently and
traditionally I don't know what they do
for a living now
but fact-checkers who makes sure that
the things that are in articles are true
it's because once you publish that as a
publishing organization you bear
liability for whatever libel takes place
well obviously that's very difficult in
the age of social media because in
theory social media is a platform
wherein we publish what we want to say
and it doesn't go through any sort of
editorial vetting by the platform itself
first so for that reason it was very
important to Google in the early days
even Facebook in the early days even
some organizations that aren't with us
anymore
this goes back to the pretty early days
of the internet to make sure that they
weren't considered publishers who had
editorial responsibility and therefore
liability for libel and slander and
defamation and harassment and instead be
viewed only as communication platforms
so for example you write something bad
in a book it's untrue your publisher
publishes it they get sued rightly for
slander or libel you say something
libelous or slanderous to me over the
telephone well no one can sue 80 80 has
absolutely no obligation to vet for
those sorts of things because they're
not publishing they're not making
editorial decisions they're only a
communication platform so basically what
section 230 of the Communications
Decency Act says is that Google and
Facebook and Twitter and all these
social platform
are considered communication platforms
like 80 knot publishers with an
editorial voice like the New York Times
or for whoever publishes your schlock I
mean that because that is the important
thing we're using them to communicate
with each other they are not telling us
with it so have they got any right to
regulate us at all I mean have they got
any half that there's in fact that very
same section 230 of the Communications
Decency Act gives them a lot of latitude
to make sure that there's not obscene or
harassing or violent kinds of
communications that happen on their
platforms for obvious reasons we all
want them to be able to filter out you
know direct threats against other people
right the problem is the reason that
they were given this latitude in the
first place was on the premise that they
were going to be open forums for open
political discourse so we gave them the
right to avoid libel lawsuits because
they're not editorial except to the
extent that they're making sure that
we're not threatening each other or you
know we can say bad things about each
other we can even say untrue things
about each other we can't say like I'm
gonna crack your skull or they can take
that down what what these platforms are
basically saying now is no no no the
same the same authority that we have to
make sure there's no violence on our
platform should also give us the right
to make sure there's nothing that we
don't like at all on our platforms and
what people like senator Ted Cruz and
others are saying is well no we we only
gave you the protection in the first
place because the idea is that this is
an open area where people can freely
discuss their views and not be subject
to your editorial if you're going to
have editorial oversight if you're gonna
decide what kind of opinions are okay
and not okay we should be able to sue
you for libel you're making editorial
decisions now think about what that
means for these platforms would with
billion plus users all saying all manner
of untrue things about specific
individuals all the time you know they
would never survive the wave of lawsuits
that would come their way if they
actually were treated as publishers
which they should be if they're going to
make decisions editorially about guys
like Alex Jones you know I I have not
heard first of I haven't heard anybody
else talking about this and I've been
listening to everybody talking about it
the other thing is this ID the
distinction people
saying they're a private company as if
it's like a bakery where you know it's
like the right guy are these private
companies well they're private insofar
as they're not public companies they're
not state-owned companies of course but
they're not private companies they're
publicly traded companies
Mark Zuckerberg doesn't own Facebook he
owns a disproportionate amount of
Facebook but he made a decision to take
Facebook to public markets and allow
other people to own large portions of
Facebook so that he could have
billion-dollar went multibillion-dollar
windfalls and it's a little disingenuous
for these guys to want all the benefits
that come along with not being privately
owned and then only when they're being
asked to actually give any mind
whatsoever to people who disagree with
them many of whom by the way own shares
in their company only then did they say
no we're privately owned well yeah those
days are long gone buddy back when uh
back when Facebook was a wholly owned
product of the Zuckerberg brain yeah I
agree you should be able to do whatever
Mark Zuckerberg once now he has
obligations not only to his customers
but to his shareholders and these sort
of super CEOs in Silicon Valley I think
uniquely among businessmen in the in the
last century or so don't want any actual
obligations to their shareholders they
just want the shareholders to send them
the money and get out of their way you
know I've got I really want to ask you a
couple more questions but I have to
pause to make you some money with an ad
can you hold on just this please I knew
you would I knew you wouldn't object ah
about ball and branch sheets now
everyone else who talks about ball and
branch sheets talks about how
comfortable they are so they hope you
get a good night's sleep but I only and
the I am the only person who can talk to
you about what they feel like all night
long because I never sleep I'm lying on
Boeing branch sleeps and I know exactly
what they feel like and the thing is you
don't need to spend a fortune to get
these sheets because great sleep starts
with right sheets and great staying
awake also starts with the right sheets
and bowl and branch are much more
affordable then you think three most
important words for being in bed
comfortable comfortable comfortable I
know they're comfortable because let me
tell you something I come up from them
lock down on these sheets to the minute
I get up in the morning I am well aware
of how comfortable these sheets are what
makes them unique is each sheet is
crafted from a hundred percent organic
cotton that means Bowl and branch sheets
not only feel
but also look amazing and since they
sell exclusively online don't pay that
expensive retail markup Boland branch
can give you half the price twice the
quality for half the price go to Boleyn
branch calm today and you'll get 50
bucks off your first set of sheets plus
free shipping in the US when you use the
promo code Clavin that's 50 bucks off
plus free us shipping right now at bull
and branch comm that's Bo LL and branch
calm but how do you spell Clavin it's
que la vie a n bull and branch calm
promo code Clavin okay so now they've
taken Alex Jones off every platform that
he's got except except Twitter again
good for them good for him I mean he's
he seems to have what his jack is that
would be good yeah Jackie he seems to
have some propensity to respond to
people's outrage into people's feeling
of unfairness but the rest of them have
taken him off what does he do what does
Alex Jones recourse well he has very
little recourse I think legally speaking
because because of this ambiguity that
exists around the Communications Decency
Act you know he's not I think that he
actually probably does have good grounds
for a suit the problem is you know they
say that bad I don't know well your bad
case makes bad laws yeah bad hard cases
make bad law yeah the problem is that
Alex Jones is not a very sympathetic
character for us to all rally around
right he probably won't make really
cogent arguments about the
Communications Decency Act for example
he'll probably try to make it about the
First Amendment which will just confuse
the issue more or he'll say that George
Bush is actually behind banning him from
social media which is just going to be
pretty deplorable to me so you know what
does he do from a legal point of view I
I don't know what does he do from a
business point of view
well this is why it's not strictly
speaking a First Amendment issue right
because there are a lot of places where
Alex Jones can still publish his video
content he hasn't been banned from the
public square he hasn't been sort of
blacklisted from existence he hasn't
been soviet-style you know erased from
history
he has web sites he has servers he's
going to do just fine his radio show I'm
sure is gonna actually boost because of
this because you know when the left
really attacks someone the right tends
to rally around them even if it's
distasteful to them so you know I I
think in the short term he'll probably
see gains
in the long-term though if you can't
play on these platforms you can't win an
American in American culture today I
mean the truth is its there's never been
anything in the history of the world
like the existence of Google which owns
YouTube and Facebook for the cailli they
they control the flow of almost all
information in almost all countries in
the world anymore so in the long run I
do think this still is a huge blow to
Alex Jones but so that's that's my last
question then I'll let you go because I
know the ceiling starts to cave in if
you're not actually running the place is
there I mean we complain about all these
things but we never build them the the
right is not building Twitter it's not
building YouTube and Google is there
some way we can do that is there some
way we can strike back over the long
term you know it's a challenge because
we have a tendency on the right when we
do try to build something like this to
ghettoize so you know if we built a
conservative Facebook well automatically
now you've gone from a platform with a
billion people engaging to a platform
with you know if you're super successful
a handful of million people you'll never
actually influence culture and people
won't want to engage in it over time
because their other pals aren't there I
mean the truth is other than you and me
most human beings don't select all of
their friends on the basis of most
people actually sleep through the night
on those Bowler branches they don't have
these dirty dirty consciousness so so I
think it's a real problem if we get OH
eyes and and the other problem is even
if conservatives do build things like
this they quickly lose control of them
because institutions naturally over time
become left-right I mean it's it's the
nature of an institution to become left
people on the left like to decry a big
business as you know the Republican
Party's in the pockets of big business
but of course almost every big business
ism is a major tool of the left and in
any sort of culture war sure because
they want to be broadly appealing and
they know the people who cry the loudest
when you're when you appear to take
sides are on the left that people are
gonna protest outside your stores are on
the left that people are gonna throw
rocks through your windows or on the
left that people are gonna boycott you
are on the left so you know risk-averse
large corporations tend to become
left-wing over time so so I don't know I
think it's a real challenge could we
bill
the technology that's the other problem
you know it's it's not a it's not a
bootstrap your way to YouTube world
anymore the Wild West of the Internet is
over it's a it's a Multi multi hundred
million dollar play to scale it's not
necessarily to build but to scale one of
these platforms how you can't scale it
if you're only talking to you know a
handful of million hardcore political
activists it's a real challenge I don't
know what the answer to it is jeremy
boring god king of the day lee weyer
thanks a lot that was really fascinating
I appreciate a thing yep thanks for
having me okay you know this is the
thing I was listening all day yesterday
I was reading about this and for the
last three days we didn't know what he's
talking about that's because nobody
really understands what the Internet is
and I have been in rooms with Jeremy
where he's talking to some multi
multi-millionaire trying to raise funds
or trying to get interest in what he's
doing and literally this is literally
true they'll be talking these guys most
people have that month kind of money or
older and Jeremy was saying well we're
gonna you know be on Facebook and
they'll say Facebook nobody uses
Facebook you know that's what he's up
against let us talk briefly I think
about before we get to the mailbag about
this Ohio election yesterday I'm very
very weary you do not hear me reading a
lot of tea leaves because I believe the
future is not ours to know and you know
what we do is we just is natural to
human beings to seize on what little
information we have to tell the future
with and the the problem is is each
election is different and each election
is both local and national and you never
know what's going on in these districts
and when you have a special election in
August you know you can bet that is
going to be anomalous it's going to be
different so they have a special
election at Roybal derson in this very
very Republican state very very Trump a
very very Republican district running
for the 12th district running against
Democrat Danny O'Connor he seems to have
eked out a victory and everybody is
saying well what does this mean does
this mean that the Republicans are going
to have you know are facing the big blue
wave because Trump won and you know he
underperformed Trump in almost every
part of the district and the thing is
that now this by the way they'll
probably face off again there's
resigned from the cop from Congress who
have joined them like the Business
Council and so they'll probably these
two guys will play to be facing off
again in November so there's only gonna
be like a knock d-day election basically
but the thing that the thing that I did
look at here because it's it if not as a
prediction of the future I think it is a
warning to the GOP Trump voters didn't
really show up the rural Trump voters
didn't really show up and the guy won
anyway so good news bad news right good
news is the guy won even without a big
turnout from the Trump voters bad news
the Trump voters didn't turn out and
there is a real problem with this going
forward because we know the left is
going to be motivated they're going to
be motivated by hatred they hate Donald
Trump they want the resistance going on
they want impeachment they want all
those things and they could bring this
presidency really to a halt especially
in domestic in in domestic ways and if
they won that I don't think they're
gonna win the Senate but if they won the
Senate they would really stop all the
judges being appointed in all this stuff
and so the the problem Trump has to some
degree is his success you can't motivate
people to get to the polls on foreign
policy issues when foreign policy is
going well and foreign policy is
actually going very well I mean Trump is
doing a good job keeping the world kind
of stable right now and and our enemies
are on their back heels and our friends
are on their heels a little bit thinking
well maybe we should you know pony up in
NATO maybe we have to pay a little bit
more for our defense maybe Trump has got
something to say about immigration that
we're gonna have to let our people here
instead of silencing everybody who tries
to talk about it and so his success in
that way is not going to play and he
should be taught obviously people should
be talking about the success of the
economy and I hope they are talking
about those things but there is also
another issue and this Henry Olsen I
hope will have Henry Olsen answer and he
can explain it better than I can but
Henry Olsen has observed that the swing
voters are are not dedicated to party
and they're of two types they are the
swing voters who voted for Mitt Romney
and then voted for Hillary Clinton and
there are the swing voters who voted for
Barack Obama and then voted for Donald
Trump and the ones who voted for Clinton
are not coming back there they're
probably lost but the ones who voted for
Obama but then voted for Trump they
don't care about a lot of the things
that
care about they care what they do care
about and what Trump is doing that they
like is the immigration thing and the
trade thing and when I say the trade
thing what I mean is the America first
thing and a lot of Republicans a lot of
conservatives are very uncomfortable
with this trade thing because they're
afraid it's gonna ditch the economy and
they're afraid that you know we were
always believe in free the most freedom
we believe in free trade but Trump is
speaking into the hearts of many swing
voters when he talks about the fact that
they took our manufacturing jobs they
manufactured things where it was cheap
and they came over here we lost our job
and he's success at bringing some of
these manufacturing jobs back remember
Obama said he doesn't have some magic
wand and on the internet it says
abracadabra Powell you know what cuz
they're coming back you know he has a
lot of cred with them and if these
candidates go into these districts and
say to them hey you know I feel you I
feel that this is a problem that we've
got to stand up for America and I'm
gonna support Trump in this and also
just the loving on America that Donald
Trump does you know I because I'm a
culture guy I feel that the intellectual
right does not understand this I think
both II and the intellectual like left
hates patriotism because they hate the
West and they hate the kind they really
don't like the country as it stands and
as it was established but the right is
uncomfortable with patriotism too
because its animals it's passionate its
its native atavistic it comes out of the
heart and they don't you know that that
stinks of the mob and they're afraid
it's gonna get out of control but
breathes they're a man with soul so dead
who never to himself has said this is my
own my native land patriotism is natural
to people like Mother Love is natural to
people and I think that if we don't
speak into American if we don't say you
know into the American heart and say
that we love this country and you can
you know say what you will about Donald
Trump and I have said a lot of things
negative and positive about him he has a
visceral love of this country when
remember when that Marines hat blew off
and he put it back on just recently got
out of his motorcade and went and said
thank you to the firemen he does have
this visceral connection with the
ordinary people in this country and
nobody's ordinary I don't mean that but
I mean economically ordinary the people
who don't stand out for their political
opinions the people who aren't
celebrities the people who make the
country run that caught people who built
it on their backs the people who suffer
when we abandon them the people who are
insulted when we
insult their faith in their country and
their patriotism those are the people he
speaks to and you can call it populism
you can call it a nickel you can call it
anything you want but it's part of what
being an American is is part of what
belonging to any country is and some of
these Republicans if they'd are not
ready to speak into that knot and are
just going to talk about the fact that
they hate the left and the left is loony
they're gonna lose they're gonna lose
because they're not going to inspire
people to come out you know a lot of
times when you turn on TV and you talk
about turnout they talk about the ground
game but turnout is not just about the
ground game it is about inspiration and
maybe it's about inspiration more than
anything and we've got to inspire people
and get them out or we're gonna lose not
just the Congress we're gonna lose the
presidency as well all right we got the
mailbag coming up but you got to come on
over to the daily wire.com or you can
listen to it on youtube but you could
just watch the whole thing if you would
subscribe you could be part of the mail
back if you'd subscribe it's a lousy ten
bucks a month I lousy 100 bucks for the
entire year I will answer all your
questions and my answers will change
your life possibly possibly for the
better come on over we'll start the
mailbag the mailbag like I said a lot of
romantic questions but we'll go through
as many of them as we can I know it
annoys people when we don't get through
a lot of them but I do my best from Zach
dear mr. Clavin I respect you very much
and you are a great and wise mentor that
I often look to for guidance so here I
am seeking your wisdom what does a guy
do when he has found a girl he likes a
lot but she has some baggage her baggage
is that she has two kids with two
different guys she is really into me as
well I don't look down on her for this
but it's just an odd predicament to be
in and I don't know how to proceed I
want to get to know her more and be with
her more but her other obligations put
me in a weird place do you have any
useful advice yeah I have some advice
when you know you say I don't know how
to proceed proceed very very slowly
these are not small mistakes they are
big mistakes you made them twice with
two different guys and and what you want
to know is has she changed now obviously
you said she said you say she's into you
so she is interested in winning you over
and she's going to put on her show to
win you over but you want to know that
this is a
there's not the same person who made
those mistakes you want to know that
this is not a person who has said oh I
get it I'm doing something wrong you
know fool me once shame on you fool me
twice shame on me
you know the second time it the lights
got to go on right I mean I always tried
it myself not to make the same mistake
twice but twice okay but you want to
make sure this this is not a person
who's gonna make that mistake again the
other thing that just as a piece of
advice do not get into these children's
lives until you are absolutely certain
you are gonna stay
she should be aware of that too and it
it's something that you can tell about
her if she's not aware about of it you
do not want to become a father figure to
these children a you know a adult male
who is going to be you know win their
affections if you are not gonna be
around so take this slow that is my
advice take it really slow
do not become part of the children's
lives until you're sure you're gonna be
part of this lady's life er forever
really because they one thing they do
not need is men coming in and going out
again and and abandoning them that's my
advice good luck drew I have lived most
of my life as an atheist throughout my
20s I was riddled with despair and
depression even then I was quite ashamed
of how I treated both myself and women
around me I've since become a Christian
and in the last 12 months my life has
completely turned around and I am able
to treat myself and others much better I
feel like I have a new heart that's
great I'd love to hear that I really do
however while I am much more joyful man
over all the self-inflicted wounds of
shame from the past still haunt me and
now even more so on the scale of things
most people would see my past actions as
trivial but I carry them around they
weigh me down and I really do struggle
to forgive myself I don't know where God
fits in because if he took away all the
pain I would feel like I got away with
it which isn't what I want but I also
know after all these years I'm unable to
forgive myself alone uh you know he says
he goes on to say I have a beautiful
plant fiance and my life is otherwise
pretty great but at times I struggle to
move forward with it and I sometimes
feel like I don't deserve the life I
have I love your show never miss an
episode please keep up the good work
yeah this from anonymous listen pal
you've got to let it go now you know it
this this is the thing read the Gospels
and the Gospels are not about wallowing
in shame guilt is a tool to let you know
when you were doing something wrong you
get you let go of the thing you were
doing wrong you stop doing
you fix whatever you have broken is in
so far as you can and a lot of times in
the past we can't fix too many things
and sometimes going back and even
apologizing to people just brings up bad
memories that they don't want sometimes
it's just got to leave it behind
guilt is a tool that is given to you to
know these things but wallowing in guilt
is a strategy of the the other guys
that's the other guys side right he
always wants to tell you that you are a
bad person Christ is telling you he
loves you he is telling you you are off
the hook he's telling you he absorbed
your sin and now you got to let it go
and live the life he has planned for you
this is the life boasts life with your
fiance this life would that where you
feel joy that's the life he wanted you
to have when he made you in the womb pal
that is the life he wanted you to have
and to let it go because you took you a
while to get there and you did things
that you didn't like we all have believe
me by the way I'm speaking from
experience here I'm not just talking off
the top of my head exactly what you're
talking about and I know exactly the
logical bind where you feel like oh my
gosh if I let this stuff go then I'm not
being punished enough the point is not
punishment the point is forgiveness and
joy and the joy that you can create
going forward because if you don't let
yourself go forward then you're not
going to create the life fear that you
can give your fiance and your wife and
your future wife the life that you're
going to give their children of joy and
knowledge of God those are all things
for you to create so you have you have
work to do you have business to do it is
to be done enjoy it will arise out of
your joy it will be created by your joy
and your love of God let cut everything
else loose cut everything else loose
it's hard you know I listen I there are
things I've done I wake up in them in
the middle of the night if I ever go to
sleep I wake up in the middle of the
night sweating but I know that I am
forgiven by God I know that God has
absorbed my sin sin and my punishment
you got to let it go that's the that is
the only thing to do don't get caught up
in the logic of it because that is you
know analyze oh well I might I should be
punished and all this stuff because that
is not that is coming from another place
not from God from wrecks mr. Clavin I've
listened to your podcast about a year
now and a thrill thoroughly enjoyed your
humor and powerful command of the
English language my lady friend and I
are both strongly religious and inherent
Christians but we likely won't get
married for a few more years until she
finishes university studies
in the meantime were remaining celibate
because that's how we interpret the
Bible no sex until marriage to
understate the reality it's challenge
what is the purpose of this sex no sex
until marriage concept and what benefits
might confer to people who practice this
compared to people who don't practice
this thanks for your time okay but first
let me tell you what I can't do here I
can't speak as a theologian because I'm
not a theologian and I can't speak from
experience because I didn't live this
this life I did not live this life I've
lived a faithful married life but I did
not live a celibate pre married life but
but it is pretty clear that you do a lot
less damage this way consider the fact
that if you live in a culture that
values virginity and you take your
girlfriend's virginity and then break up
with her you have now put her back into
a culture where she is less valuable to
that culture so that is a you know right
there is is a terrible thing to have
done to her and again I'm not speaking
as a theologian I'm not speaking even as
a moralist I'm just talking practically
here obviously the risk of pregnancy
which is always real which really you
know the thing is we always think about
sex like it's like just a fun couple of
a fun few minutes that you're having but
you're actually doing that thing that
humans do when they want to reproduce
and so you know there's always the
chance of the of the baby coming and I
have to tell you from people who have
lived who have lived a life of celibacy
until marriage they recommend that
highly the argument on the other side is
always well you don't know you're
sexually compatible and you don't know
that you'll get along I have never heard
anybody complain about this actually
from these from the celibate side of it
I never heard anybody say oh yeah and
then we got into bed and we couldn't
work out our differences but instead
they what they say instead is that it
takes marriage and it elevates it into
another state so before you're in that
state you are not married and then
suddenly you are married and you get it
you get the complexity of becoming one
flesh and you get the depth of it and it
all becomes very important the one thing
that left out of me or your letter by
the way on another topic is why don't
you just get married I mean so she's
still in university well you know I
don't know and when my wife and I
married we had nothing we had nothing
all she was working to support a guy who
wanted to make a living as a writer
which is virtually impossible or that
clown she was but I fooled her by
actually making a living as a writer and
you know I mean we made a lot of
mistakes and all that but I'm just
saying that you know when you get
married then your life will be together
and you'll put her through university
together and you'll travel through
university other and then you won't have
this problem from Jamie oh wise and
mighty lord of the multiverse that is
what is on my office and my studio door
now I think I'm a single guy in my
mid-20s who used to work as a writer but
I haven't had a steady job for over a
year
most of the freelancing gigs I got
didn't pay nearly enough so I started
playing poker to pay the bills over the
course of the last year what started out
as a short term solution has gradually
morphed into my full-time job I go to
the casino four days a week to play mid
stakes cash games and after doing my
taxes I've actually discovered I'm
making more money playing poker than I
ever did as a writer but I'm not happy I
don't feel as if I'm doing anything
useful the only human beings I speak to
are my landlord the guy who runs the
poker room
playing poker as taking a serious toll
on my health I've gained a lot of weight
I eat junk food I rarely shave in my
apartment is a pigsty I'd also like to
get married at some point no girl wants
to go out with a guy doesn't have a
steady job my question is what do you
think of the first steps to getting my
life on track nobody really wants to
hire a guy who has been out of the job
market as long as I have if you have any
suggestions I'd appreciate hearing them
first of all I think you're in trouble
you know I think you should take stock
here because I think you're in a in
actual trouble I don't know if you're a
gambling addict I have no way of knowing
that whatsoever but you are not living a
good life and this the thing is as long
as that life goes on every day that it
goes on will be a day that you can't get
back when you will not be living the
life that you were meant to live that
you were given when you were given life
you know you you can get a job I would
get myself just speaking for myself I
would get any job to get out of the
poker racket I would stop playing poker
I just stop and just completely because
first of all to test whether I'm
addicted to it if that's part of the
problem I would just stop playing poker
I would get myself a job
this is a great job market people are
hungry to hire people you can move to
find a job you can find you know a job
that ranging from a store clerk job to
you know yesterday I just saw the thing
that we're truck drivers are desperate
to find truck drivers all kinds of jobs
out there now this is a great market to
find a job anything would be better than
what you're doing now because you're
destroying yourself and you're ruining
you as you say yourself you're ruining
your chances for the future then then
start to make a plan start to make a
plan writing is not a career plan this
is the career plan that I followed I was
out of my mind and I am one of a number
of people that's probably smaller than
the number of major league baseball
players who have done what I have done
okay so that's not a good plan I'm not
saying you can't do it I'm just saying
don't make that your plan make your plan
to earn a living in a way that is good
for you where you can also write and
then write your way to the point where
you're making a living and then you can
leave the other job behind that is the
smartest way to do this but get out of
what you're doing now you are really
hurting yourself and it's not it's not
gonna get better by itself you've got to
take this and do it you know get get
yourself a job where you can eat and pay
your rent and whatever it is and then
start and then start the program of
building a writing career you know
that's that is how you do this and make
your make your plan but first get out of
what you're doing because you're
destroying yourself from jesper I'm a
conservative leaning libertarian dein
living in Denmark Denmark is a
market-driven capitalist country with
low national debt a decent trade surplus
a balanced national budget we do have
very high taxation 50% on average that
pays for our not awful single-payer
health care system free schools and
universities I happen to like our system
it seems to work for us here in Viking
land in liking our system have I failed
utterly as a human being can I even call
myself a conservative if Americans tally
up expenditures I've seen several
studies that show that US citizens
actually pay 50% in taxes don't hate me
nature first of all you know you're
talking about a you know free market
with high social spending a lot of
people say this is the way to go it it's
not it's not inherently evil like
socialism is
it does have problems to me I mean I
hear that I haven't I haven't actually
been to Denmark I hear it's a wonderful
country a delightful country to be in it
it doesn't produce much for the world
and I hear that people in Denmark who
want to start businesses leave because
it's not it's not very conducive to
business is not conducive to some kinds
of freedom but the thing is a small
homogenous country like Denmark is can
sustain more social spending because
there is more agreement inherently
in the population on what money should
be spent on then there isn't a country
like this where everybody wants
something different okay a great big
multicultural country like America and
it's huge
I mean Europeans do not understand how
huge this country is it is huge it is
multicultural it is just disparate and
diverse if if Tennessee decided to have
big social spending I wouldn't have
anything to say about it if New York
said no we're not gonna have probably be
the other way around but just fucking
off the top my head of New York said no
we're not gonna have social spending I
would say fine anybody who doesn't like
that move to Tennessee right that's the
point of a small place big places have
to have a different system we have this
federalist system where different states
can be experiments in democracy that's
why I'm so opposed to federal power
because it limits the ability of states
to act as they want to act it limits the
ability of Texas to say hey we're a
conservative state look how well this is
going and for California to say hey
we're a leftist state and we're dropping
into the sea because we suck you know
that is what the whole point of
federalism is you live in a country
that's as big as one of our states one
of our smaller states I think if I'm not
correct incorrect so you can do your
experiment and leave if you don't like
it so it's I don't hate you I understand
you like it it's good I still think that
there are things that are wrong with it
like for instance the fact that you
don't get invaded because they know will
protect you so we're paying for your
military so your military security you
use cellphones we invent cell phones you
use cars I know that they don't really
like cars over there but we use because
we invent cars and that I think is the
difference between a vibrant free
capitalist society and a society with
high social spending which I think
ultimately withers and dies but while
you're having good time
have a good time it is much different in
a small homogeneous country than it is
in a country like this - we're running
out of time so fast
hi supreme from Lin line L why any high
supreme oracle Clavin with no ease I
read your book the great good thing and
loved it you fell in love with your wife
instantly you saw her and that was it
how is this lasted until now isn't love
at first sight quite shallow first of
all I'll go home and see if she's still
there how did you even know that you
could build a life with her this has
puzzled me since I read the book thanks
for your wonderful show you have taught
me how to speak to lefties in a way that
they will more or less understand you
know my wife and I did everything wrong
we were picked by God to be together we
were soul mates we were meant offi ously
there's just no question in my mind that
we were meant to be together we did so
many things wrong that I wouldn't
recommend other people doing but I did
know when I met her that the minute I
sat down next to her and that that
basically my search was over I mean
obviously over time you don't over the
we lived together for several years and
I have to say that during that time it
was not like I need didn't have doubts
if I had had no doubts that I married
her right away but I did know and what
the the magic of our marriage and it has
been a magic marriage is beyond our
control and is something they one of the
things that led me to God was realizing
that this love does not come from us it
comes through us from somewhere else
dear love dr. Clavin from Benjamin and
thank you for the book the great good
thing you will love this book it is a
really good book you should buy it dear
love dr. Clavin from Benjamin I know a
girl she is the best woman I've ever
known and she would make a great wife
she is in love with me but I am NOT in
love with her what do I do
hey if she's a great girl she deserves
someone who loves her not you so he's
getting get out of it if you're not
gonna marry her if you don't love her
and you're not gonna marry her and if
you don't love her you shouldn't marry
her let her go let her find somebody
else to be attached to break your break
your own heart not hers and let her go
and find somebody else you might want to
ask yourself if she is the best woman
you've ever known and she would make a
great wife why you don't love her I
would be and I would be really
interested to know that but you know
love is mysterious and if you don't love
her let her go because she deserves
obviously she deserves to be loved she
deserves
and loves from Duncan if you had young
children today would you send them to
government schools no I mean look I that
depends on the neighborhood you know I
sent my son to a public school because
we actually moved to a neighborhood that
had the best public school one of the
best public schools in the country we
did it on purpose and then when he got
out I sent him to public I mean I busted
my chops to put my kids through private
schools because I hated the public
schools so much depends on the
neighborhood you know I mean it really
does that it to be fair if you're in a
neighborhood that has good conservative
schools that are not teaching them you
know what kind of sexual lives they
should leave and they're not really boys
if they don't think that way you know if
you you you can make that decision
yourself but if not I think it is worth
homeschooling I think it's worth doing
anything to keep them out of some of
these government schools which really
are bad I guess I got to stop that's too
bad I have a lot more but you'll come
back I robbed saved some of the some of
the good ones and we'll come back to
them later on meanwhile we got to move
on to tickety-boo news you know when it
one of the things there's a great line
in Steven Pinker's book enlightenment
now where he says success erases its own
footprints and that is one of the things
that I think keeps the Democrats in
business because conservatives solve the
problems and they raise the problems
conservatives solve the problems and
then they take it to the next level so
you know the civil rights act of greater
percentage of Republicans voted for it
than Democrats I think after that there
was really not much more the government
could do to help the lives to help us
become a more just and fair country but
the Democrats just keep saying oh we're
oppressed well how are you oppressed
well people look at me funny when I get
in an elevator and cops stop me more
when I Drive through rich neighbor
that's not oppressed
that's not oppression that isn't like
minor little glitches in your life that
you can learn to live with and talk
about so maybe they'll go away over time
but that is not oppressed you know that
is not what oppression looks like so
they keep upping the ante there was a
piece in The Wall Street Journal
yesterday of the day before by Bruce D
Meyer and James Sullivan who did had
written a report which said based on his
historic this is from the White House
Council of Economic Advisers they helped
write this report for the White House
Council of Economic Advisers which
based on historical standards of
material well-being and the terms of
engagement our war on poverty is largely
over and a success and they point out
that neither the right nor the left
wants to admit that this the left
because they always want to expand
social programs because that's their
that's their campaign we will give you
free stuff
Alexandria Google eyes Cortez is like we
will give you free stuff how do you pay
for it yesterday she said she said they
said how will you pay for it well we had
Wars and we didn't pay for those yes
that was a bad idea
you do not run on bad ideas you want to
run on good ideas that's a try that not
bad ideas yes good ideas that will help
Alexandria you realize Cortez do much
better going forward
none of the pilot candidates she
endorsed by the way won so she's not as
helpful as people think anyway the thing
that they're saying is they keep that
and now the right doesn't like it
because they don't like to admit that
maybe the war on poverty was a success
but what these guys say is if instead of
focusing on reported incomes what they
did was they measure poverty based on
consumption because when you look at
just incomes you're not including all
the good things that these government
programs have given them so you're not
including all the other benefits they
get so he says we measured they say we
measured what food housing
transportation and other goods and
services people are able to purchase
this approach which captures the effect
of non-cash programs and accounts for
the known bias in the measurements
demonstrates clearly that there is much
less material deprivation than there was
decades ago other indicators support
this finding according to the American
Housing Survey the poorest 20% listen to
this the poorest 20 percent of Americans
live as the middle class did a
generation ago as measured by the square
footage of their homes the number of
rooms per person and the presence of air
conditioning dishwashers and other
amenities in terms of housing problems
like peeling paint leaks and plumbing
issues today's poor haven't quite
matched the living standards of the
1980s middle class but they are getting
close to the 1980s is not that long ago
so they're saying that our poor are like
the middle class
the 1980s that is amazing you know one
of the experiences I had when I came
into a nitro be in Kenya was on went on
one of these kind of safaris and we came
in through Kenya and we drove through
their slit into Nairobi and we drove
through their slums and I looked out the
window and I thought oh I get it
there's no poverty in America there's
nothing in America that looks like this
and today there are in some leftist
cities where the homeless are on the
streets and that looks a little bit like
what Nairobi does looks like but these
were places where people had to walk
with a bottle on their head to get water
these repeat places where they were
living in sheds that were built of you
know pressed tin with with you know
cardboard walls and pressed tin roofs
and all this stuff they were just living
in in sheds lean tubes in America things
are going really well and this is the
thing about all the panic on the air and
all the screaming on the air and all the
stuff that in the clickbait and the
panic things are gone
life is tickety-boo in this country
powell and i think we should really be
enjoying it we should be grateful for it
doesn't mean we shouldn't see the
problems doesn't mean we shouldn't fix
them but you can fix a whole lot more
ingratitude and come together a whole
lot more in gratitude than you can in
bitterness and by pretending that the
problems are still the same as they were
50 60 years ago they are just not that
is amazing tickety-boo news that really
are are the 20% poorest people in this
country are living like the middle class
did a generation ago amazing stuff all
right we will be back tomorrow which is
the last day before the clayvin this
weekend so be here soon suck out every
drop of clay Vinnie goodness before the
Clavin lists we can begin it's like
being a Clavin camel you got to be like
a Clavin camel suck out the goodness and
then you can make it across the desert
of the Clavin this weekend
to the next Monday I'll be here you'll
be here - I'm Andrew Clavin this is the
Andrew Clavin show
the Andrew Clavin show is produced by
Robert Sterling executive producer
Jeremy boring senior producer Jonathan
hey our supervising producer is Mathis
Glover and our technical producer is
Austin Stevens edited by Emily J audio
is mixed by Mike core Mina hair and
makeup is by Joshua alvera the Andrew
Klavan show is a daily wire for word
publishing production copyright for word
publishing 2018
