Cynthia Nixon who is the actress from
what's it called that Sex in the City
she's actors from Sex in the City she's
running for governor of New York she's
challenging Andrew Cuomo in the primary
she has finally gotten on the Alexandria
occasio Cortes train and she has
announced that she - I - I'm a socialist
to identify as a Democratic Socialist
I hadn't called myself a Democratic
Socialist before but I realized that my
values and what I'm fighting for are
directly aligned with that movement so
if being a Democratic Socialist means
believing that healthcare and housing
and education should be a human right
than I am a Democratic Socialist
if it means standing up against
inequality in all its forms and taking
action to equalize wealth and power in
our society then I am a Democratic
Socialist the establishment is terrified
of that word socialism but if we learned
one thing from the Obama years it's that
Republicans are going to call us
socialists no matter what we do so we
might as well give them the real thing
you know what I love about this first of
all the mocking of people for being
afraid of socialism which doesn't work
hasn't worked anywhere don't listen to
any of this stuff about this
Scandinavian countries it has not worked
anywhere all those countries established
their wealth through free markets
socialism has dreamed them of energy and
wealth and of productivity and
creativity it never works but even aside
from that as I keep saying it's it's the
fact that it is what she says health
care is a human right when she says
housing is a human right education is a
human right what she is saying is you're
taking your money
taking your wealth taking your work and
deciding what they are going that having
the state decide what they're going to
do with the product of your work is a
human right that they have the right to
the product of your labor which is
exactly what the slave owners and the
South thought they used to sit around
going yeah I got a right I got a right
to the labor of it you know what I got a
right because I'm a superior I know
what's that you know that's exactly what
they're the same people they are the
same you know I I have issues sometimes
with dinesh d'souza I love the guy but I
have issues sometimes when he you know
compares the modern Democratic Party to
the Democratic Party of slavery you know
obviously it's not the same party that
same straight logic does go through it
there's still some ground going yeah you
do to work and I'm gonna take that I'm
gonna take the profit from your work I'm
gonna spend it not that's the way should
be because I am superior to you and then
they laugh at you for saying like I
don't think that's such a good thing
