you know when I want to get the facts
about the day's news I turn to the
mainstream media because I'm just not
very bright and with the midterms coming
up I think it's important to find out
which politicians have accomplished what
so without further ado here's the
mainstream media's guide to political
credit and blame in recent history when
Barack Obama pulled our forces out of
Iraq and failed to intervene in Syria
leading to the rise of the terrorist
army Isis which he dismissed as a JV
team until it had established a
Caliphate on huge swaths of the Middle
East that was george w bush's fault
because Bush invaded Iraq and thus
created the situation that Obama would
completely screw up when Donald Trump
gave orders to James Madison to do sizes
to rubble and the terrorist Caliphate
was wiped off the face of the earth and
about the time it takes to say quo
Isis's Caliphate has been wiped off the
face of the earth that was to the credit
of Barack Obama because he said he was
going to defeat Isis and that's what
gave Trump the idea when GDP grew it
allows the average of 1.5% during
Obama's eight-year presidency that was
george w bush's fault because bush
caused the financial crash by allowing
democrats to give mortgages to people
who couldn't afford to pay them back
when Donald Trump caused an explosive
growth in the economy and virtually
wiped unemployment off the face of the
earth and about the time it takes to say
whoa unemployment disappeared almost as
fast as the Isis Caliphate that was the
to the credit of Barack Obama because he
positioned Trump for success by failing
to jumpstart the economy for eight years
which made Trump look good and of course
when Barack Obama's FBI used Russian
misinformation to secure a warrant to
spy on an opposition party's political
campaign while Hillary and Bill Clinton
raked in millions from Russian sources
possibly in return for political favors
that proved Donald Trump was colluding
with the Russians because just take my
word for it I hope this mainstream media
guide to politics has helped you decide
who to vote for in the midterms anyone
but the mainstream media obviously since
it's pretty clear there are a pack of
scoundrels trigger warning I'm Andrew
Clavin and this is the Andrew Clavin
show
all right we're back I hope you survived
the Clavin list we get I only barely
survived the Clavin was retired after
finishing another Kingdom I had to kind
of rush to finish a draft of another
Kingdom because we actually started
recording it last week so I had to make
sure I had it all together so we could
start I just I I was like I was
catatonic I just sat there I kept
thinking I should go to a movie so here
I am I made it back I knows we'll be
here I have fours and Noel's you know
there is a new murder mystery starring
Barack Obama as the detective and Joe
Biden as his Watson Watson to his
Sherlock Holmes I forced Knowles to read
it simply for my own entertainment so I
could sit around all weekend thinking no
that's too big that that book ass will
find out about that and meanwhile as you
know as summer comes you're out there
spending dough like crazy and those
credit cards just make it so easy to
spend money without thinking about it
and before you know it you have racked
up credit card debt and you know what
that means it means that the interest
rate is going to come it's like a
gigantic monster that is going to come
just rip money out of your wallet unless
unless you use light stream you can
refinance your credit card debt with a
credit card consolidation loan from
light stream it's an easy way to save
hundreds to thousands of dollars and
lower your interest rate light stream
offers credit card consolidation loans
from five point eight nine percent APR
with auto pay which is lower than the
average credit card interest rate of
over 18 percent APR you can get your
funds as soon as the day you apply light
stream believes that people with good
credit deserve a great interest rate and
no fees my listeners can save even more
with an additional interest rate
discount on top of light streams already
low rates the only way to get this
discount is is to go to lights
calm slash Andrew that is Li gh TS trea
m.com / Andrew subject to credit
approval rate includes 0.50% auto paid
discount terms and conditions apply and
offers are subject to change without
notice
visit light stream comm for more
information so all week long I've been
thinking about this woman how do you
pronounce her name Sara Jang yeah I've
been thinking about her because I've
been thinking she kind of hits on
something about the left that has always
bothers me is that they never think
about where things are coming from they
only think about what they want you know
they never think about where where
anything has come from or why it exists
or why things fail and why think succeed
is kind of like you know when I made
this speech - yeah last week I kind of
shocked some of the young people there
because nobody's allowed to talk about
the roles of men and women nobody's
allowed to talk about what it's like to
be in a marriage and what kind of
marriage works and I do because I just
figure I'm so old by the time they run
me down I'll be dead so so you know I
said to them every good marriage I've
ever seen the man has had a leadership
role every good marriage I've ever seen
every happy truly happy marriage the man
has taken the leadership role but what
does that mean what does leadership mean
leadership means that you are
responsible for the maintenance of your
people in a way that they're not
responsible for you my children didn't
have to worry about where my next meal
was coming from I had to worry about
where their next meal was coming from my
wife didn't have to worry about who was
gonna how the rent was gonna get paid I
worried about that and she had to do
this things in the house that made me he
gave me a leadership role that's what a
leadership role looks like you're
responsible for things the problem with
it of course is that you're not gonna go
in and say to your kids you know wow you
should be grateful to me you little
whippersnapper you know you don't say
anything you just provide you give them
the stuff you're the leader you just do
what it is there for you to do and
there's a danger there that children
will not understand that things don't
just magically appear Chris Rock used to
do a wonderful wonderful routine about
how nobody ever says to dad thank you
for this light I'm reading by it's so
much easier to read when you have light
dad you know nobody says that and so you
just think about what you want you know
and if you don't have what you want
you're angry if you're not getting what
you want and you never
think about where it's coming from so
listen to this video of Sara John giving
a speech at Harvard and complaining
about Western culture not just just so
you know this Sara born was born in
South Korea and moved here when she was
three years old she went to a UCB like I
did the University of California at
Berkeley and then Harvard Law School
where she was editor of the Harvard
Journal of Law and gender whatever that
is okay and here she is discussing
what's just so wrong about Western
culture everything is implicitly
organized around how men see the world
and and not just men how white men see
the world and this is this is a problem
this is why so many things suck yeah
that's I want to know what sucks for
Sarah you know I mean first of all what
did it suck that 30 I was a 30,000
Americans died to keep South Korea from
becoming a socialist paradise like North
Korea I mean is that which if only those
30,000 Americans mostly white men I was
would assume if that's what we're gonna
care about since all those guys hadn't
died she would have her socialist
paradise now she could be living under
Kim jong-un and things would be great
that would that would just be so happy
what sucks that she went to Harvard you
know this is the woman who tweeted that
you know what could what can white men
actually take credit for so she's
standing in Harvard created by white men
wearing clothes designed by white men
speaking a language designed by white
men using values that came down to her
through white men I the fact is it's not
that they were white their whiteness
doesn't constitute their goodness
obviously it's their ideas the ideas
that people had and fought for and died
for it and that came down for them and
the culture that created that gave her
this life and she might have gotten up
what would it have looked like if she
thought about where things came from
instead of what she wants okay instead
of the perfect life she doesn't have
what would happen if instead of being a
child who doesn't know where anything
comes from she thought about you know
where these things is she has come from
came from and she said you know hey
thanks white man if that's the way she
wants to categorize this people if she
said thanks to this wonderful West first
of all for saving my country and
creating a country that includes me that
would let me in that would let me say
you know you can be
part of it all it's great you know
Harvard I went to Harvard Wow oh thanks
so much thank you for that now now let
me deserve it let me contribute to it
let me become a part of it you know and
thereby show there but I proved that it
wasn't your whiteness that made it good
it wasn't your gender that made it good
it was the ideas let me become a part of
those ideas and contribute to them you
know instead you start to want you just
talk about what you want these magical
things that you want and you become
envious you become envious and
dissatisfied it's true of all of life
right I mean it's like you're being you
know if you if you wake up every morning
and you're thrilled that God has given
you another day to be here you can have
a much different life in a much
different attitude than if you wake up
every morning worrying about the things
you don't have and by the way you should
have ambitions you should have desires
there should be things that you don't
have that you want and you go out and
get them and that's what you work for
and those give you goals but you know
before you start out that way it
wouldn't hurt you to sis you know wake
up in the morning and say hey oh thanks
for the fact that I'm here yet again
another day what a thing you know I mean
that those are the things that the left
can't do and why can't they do it well
they're dedicated to making sure that
everything you know that we know how bad
everything is and making sure we're
divided making sure they establish you
know this is a lens that you're looking
through you establish these ideas that
divide us
oh you're black and I'm white and and
the reason they do that is be they
reason they do that as they think of
everything in materialist terms they
think of everything in terms of power
and who has the power and if they got
the power through racism well now we'll
be racist and we'll get the power you
know and they that's the way they think
but it's just a little bit of gratitude
a little bit of wondering about where
these things come from that she's
enjoying that are benefiting her we just
changed her whole attitude and the
attitude of the left you know I have to
talk about software advice I know many
people think to themselves what's
software advice well it's advice about
software that's it's very easy and the
thing is I do this a lot you know I'm I
am essentially a business and I work on
us we're a word processor all the time
and every now and again I'll think you
know yeah it's too bad that the word
processor processor doesn't do this or
that that I want it to do
but it never occurs to me to find out
like is there something new is there
another device that will help me do what
I want to do and that is what software
advice helps you with when it comes to
picking the right software for your
business software advice has already
done all the research for you you just
go to software advice.com slash Clavin
answer a few short questions about your
business and you'll be connected with an
advisor to discuss the best software
options for your needs this takes like
10 minutes or less and it's free if
you're an entrepreneur or you work solo
software advice is a great way to get an
expert opinion even without the
resources of a big company so go to
software advice.com slash Clavin to get
started that's software advice.com slash
Clavin to connect with an advisor for
free software advice.com slash Clavin
it's que la vie a n I can't offer here a
discount because it's free but tell them
it's from us anyway so they will
continue to sponsor us we can keep on
talking the rest of the country
everybody but the left gets it they get
it the direction of the country index a
new poll shows this this gauges how
Americans feel about our nation's
current course it has surged
thirteen percent to fifty percent
anything over fifty percent is good to
fifty percent fifty point one percent
which is the highest level since 2005
since 2005 the most people feel that our
nation is going in the right direction
quality of life index rose seven percent
for the month to sixty four point two
percent which is the highest ever
measuring quality of life eclipsing the
previous high of sixty three point one
set way back in 2004 the judge and and
why why because the jobless rate is
virtually it those who lack a high
school diploma the jobless rate is now
at its lowest level ever this is for a
investor business daily this is from
investor's business daily for those who
want to work full-time but can only find
part-time work their rate is the lowest
since 2007 that was the thing that was
keeping Obama's numbers of floated all
those people working part-time were
counted as working full-time when they
weren't now they are Latino and Hispanic
workers unemployment rate stood at four
point five percent an all-time low
six
point six percent african-american
unemployment now equals the third lowest
rate ever minority workers are
participating in this boom as never
before and all workers are seeing gains
this is huge
finally finally wages are going up low
ages are a lagging indicator they
finally rose 2.7 percent for a second
straight strength month so people are
happy people are getting happier and I
you know I I told the guys this when
Trump was first elected I said you have
never seen GDP go from 1.5 to 4 I have
because I lived through Carter Reagan
it's like laughing gasp it makes people
happy or why not suddenly you got money
to spend suddenly your family is secure
suddenly there's gonna be Christmas
again it's not like the Obama years
it's the Trump years and it's good times
and no matter what the press is telling
us people are getting it you know you
can't you can't talk people out of their
own lives
you can't talk people out of the facts
that are right in front of them but on
the left it's a constant crisis and we
need us some socialism we've got to get
that socialism because we've got to be
saved from this world where things are
not free Cynthia Nixon who is the
actress from what's it called that Sex
in the City
she's actress from Sex in the City she's
running for governor of New York she's
challenging Andrew Cuomo in the primary
she has finally gotten on the Alexandria
occasio Cortes train and she has
announced that she - I - I'm a socialist
identify as a Democratic Socialist
I hadn't called myself a Democratic
Socialist before but I realized that my
values and what I'm fighting for are
directly aligned with that movement so
if being a Democratic Socialist means
believing that healthcare and housing
and education should be a human right
than I am a Democratic Socialist if it
means standing up against inequality in
all its forms and taking action to
equalize wealth and power in our society
than I am a Democratic Socialist the
establishment is terrified of that word
socialism but if we learned one thing
from the Obama years it's that
Republicans are going to call us
socialists no matter what we do
so we might as well give them the real
thing you know what I love about this
first of all the mocking of people for
being afraid of socialism which doesn't
work hasn't worked anywhere don't listen
to any of this stuff about this
Scandinavian countries it has not worked
anywhere all those countries establish
their wealth through free markets
socialism has drained them of energy and
wealth and of productivity and
creativity it never works but even aside
from that as I keep saying it's it's the
fact that it is what she says
health care is a human right which he
says housing is a human right education
is a human right what she is saying is
you're taking your money
taking your wealth taking your work and
deciding what they are going to having
the state decide what they're going to
do with the product of your work is a
human right that they have the right to
the product of your labor which is
exactly what the slave owners and the
South thought they used to sit around oh
yeah I got a right I got a right to the
labor of that you know what I got a
right because I'm a superior I know
what's better you know that's exactly
what they're the same people they are
the same you know I I have issues
sometimes with dinesh d'souza I love the
guy but I have issues sometimes when he
you know compares the modern Democratic
Party to the Democratic Party of slavery
you know obviously it's not the same
party that seems logic does go through
it there's still some ongoing yeah you
do the work and I'm gonna take that I'm
gonna take the profit from your work I'm
gonna spend it nice that's the way
should be because I am superior to you
and then they laugh at you for saying
like I don't think that's such a good
thing you know Michael Tomas key in the
New York Times let's let's take a trip
to our favorite location the New York
Times op-ed page or as we like to call
it knucklehead roe
I love that smile tomas ki is writing
and he says the why is social why is
there socialism because you rotten
capitalists have ruined everything he
says young people have seen the United
States go from being a country that your
parents or more likely your grandparents
described as a place where life got
better for every succeeding generation
to a place where for millions of people
quite possibly including you that's no
longer true young people have seen the
Obama economy where you're right things
didn't get better well of course he says
you witnessed the financial meltdown of
2008 caused by big banks betting against
themselves new to new my friend that
meltdown of 2008 was caused by left-wing
policies headed by Barney what the hell
was his name sir I thank you Barney
Frank mr. let's roll the dice on the
American economy that's what he said
they warned him they warned him you know
if you loan this money if you loan all
these mortgages to people who can't pay
them back it's going to cause a craw a
crash George W Bush said it four or five
times he said I'm ready to roll the dice
he rolled the dice came up snake eyes we
crapped out and yes Wall Street was
irresponsible but once you create an
illogical system where you're telling
banks they must give money to people who
can't pay it back all Wall Street can do
is say well how do we make a profit off
this you know and yet were they right to
do that no it was a wrong thing to do
but you put them in this illogical
Wonderland where they had to somehow
make money for their people off a crazy
system all this stuff all these policies
were caused by the left and this is the
funny thing funny in the sense of weird
and odd they keep doing this their
policies do this and then they blame it
on us it is just amazing you know they
keep saying oh the guns we've got to get
rid of the guns
well they got rid of the guns in Chicago
you know what's happening in Chicago I
mean did you know what happened over the
weekend in Chicago these are our people
these are American people being gunned
down at a rate well let's see gunshots
and sirens filled the streets of Chicago
during the weekend between Friday
evening and Sunday night 63 people were
shot in separate incidents ten were
killed I mean that is insane and you
think people listen you know I've been
saying this behind the scenes god I
don't like to make
actions you know I believe nobody knows
the future so predictions are largely a
waste of breath but I've been saying
here at the Daily wire
you know black Americans are not stupid
they're gonna catch on the things go
better with Trump you know the things
are going better with Trump and things
go lousy under the Democrats so the
Democrats can say oh it's the guns it's
not the guns
it's the policies it's not noting people
arm themselves it's not letting it's not
telling people they've got a were card
so now here are here are people
protesting in Chicago as they damn well
should they start out talking about Rahm
Emanuel and what he's doing and then
they call out for help to the one person
who actually has been paying attention
to their problems you say that he cares
more about the illegal immigrants that
are in the city than African Americans
african-american citizens and our
ancestors built this country you got
some good things but I think he don't
step up and come to the people where the
crime is you know I'm saying the crime
is on the south side and the white side
we have to make sure that President
Trump recognized that not everyone
believes that Chicago is a Trump free
zone if he's serious about helping the
people in Chicago especially on the west
side of Chicago I accept his help we
can't turn any help away we have to make
sure that people understand that
criminals cannot have their way with our
streets we have to protect our youth we
have to protect our seniors and people
have to have safe places to walk and so
you know one murder is too many and so
if Chicago Police Department and all the
other law enforcement can do it we
should seek out the help he's calling
out to Trump and and you know if Trump
wins 10 to 15 percent of that
you know populations vote there won't be
a Democrat Party I mean they have been
going people for 50 years that they are
the help and support of people with that
color skin well there is no help and
support for people of that color skin
there's only help and support the same
policies work for everybody the same
policies work for everybody there is
more connection between you know I was
given a speech in that college I can't
remember which college it was in this
this black eye young black I was arguing
with me and I said you know the
behaviors in poor black communities and
the behaviors in white hillbilly
communities are exactly the same and it
caught and caused the poverty and keep
people mired in poverty he said I don't
care about hillbillies well that that's
that's what you get with the sarah Jeong
attitude and that attitude of hating
white people and judging people look at
it this way it's either right or wrong
to judge people according to the color
of the skin it cannot possibly be right
for one person and wrong for another
person that makes no sense listen to the
left twist itself they they're shocked
that we protest it they are shocked they
keep calling us all trite staged an
outrage campaign against Sarah Jung well
it is outrageous and it's not the
alt-right it's any decent human being
any decent human being knows that it's
wrong to judge a man by the color of his
skin that is wrong for everybody it is
wrong for you it's wrong for me it's
wrong for everybody and if it's what
logic by what logic can that make the
world a better place by what twisted
philosophy only an intellectual could
convince himself that that was going to
make the world a better place it's just
not but the press has sold this to us so
now the press is unhappy because they
recall the economy of the people Trump
went nuts over the weekend where they
had one of his tweet storms and one of
his tweets said the fake news hates me
saying that they hate me saying that
they are the enemy of the people only
because they know it's true I am
providing a great service by explaining
this to the American people they
purposely caused great division and
distrust they can also cause war they're
very dangerous and sick and of course
Jim look at me I'm Jim Acosta is just my
goodness how could anybody hate a guy
like that how could anybody hate him for
the wonderful job he is doing shouting
meaningless questions of people that
they can't even hear and then
complaining about the fact they don't
answer him so he challenges Harris
Sanders to take back take it back take
back what the president said and stand
up against the president and he tells
her that she has to do this she and she
gives him a little bit of self-knowledge
which he came here he actually stormed
out or pretended to storm out because he
couldn't bear hearing what she was
saying listen to this exchange I think
it would be
good thing if you were to say right here
at this briefing that the press the
people who are gathered in this room
right now doing their jobs every day
asking questions of officials like the
ones you brought forward earlier are not
the enemy of the people I I think we
deserve that the president has made his
position known I also think it's ironic
I'm trying to answer your question I
politely waited and I even called on you
despite the fact that you interrupted me
why calling on your colleague I said
it's ironic which is why I interrupted
I'm trying if you if you finish if you
would not mind but if you have a
follow-up that would be fine but it's
ironic Jim that not only you and the
media attacked the president for his
rhetoric when they frequently lower the
level of conversation in this country
repeatedly repeatedly the media resorts
to personal attacks without any content
other than to incite anger the media has
attacked me personally on a number of
occasions including your own Network
said I should be harassed as a life
sentence that I should be choked ice
officials are not welcomed in their
place of worship and personal
information is shared on the Internet
when I was hosted by the Correspondents
Association of which almost all of you
are members of you brought a comedian up
to attack my appearance and call me a
traitor to my own gender in fact as I
know and as far as I know I'm the first
press secretary in the history of the
United States that's required Secret
Service protection the media continues
to ratchet up the verbal assault against
the president and everyone in this
administration and certainly we have a
role to play but the media has a role to
play for the discourse in this country
as well you know you want to see you
want to see just in action yeah there's
no word I think for the absence of
self-knowledge I mean is there a word
for that I can't think of a word that
just means some people or just stone
unable to see themselves because listen
I would be happy for Trump you know that
enemy of the people has historical
provenance and all this like I get that
but and I certainly don't want to see
any reporters attacked although that did
happen under the last administration but
but you just want to see the absence
other absence of self-knowledge here is
brian Stelter who is there he's there
reporter he's CNN's media reporter
complaining about Trump's tweet just pay
close attention to this I mean I'll
unpack it when he comes back but pay
close attention to what he says I know
we're all used to him tweeting all the
time but just think about what he's
saying here the president with his back
up against the wall is saying
journalists are dangerous sick enemies
of the people that's where we are this
is America let me show you a few the
reactions from journalists this morning
Chuck Todd calling this outrageous he's
saying here he tries not to take the
bait but this time he's reacting in the
hopes that rational folks realize this
is wrong and dangerous bill kristol an
outspoken Trump critic says the
president sounds closer in spirit to
Vladimir Putin than America an SV date
White House reporter for the Huff Post
pointed out that other leaders in the
past have also used the phrase enemy of
the people among those leaders Joseph
Stalin Madoff Hitler look enemy the
people does have a Stalin era
connotation it was used in order to
inflict pain and cause violence on
populations of people throughout history
he's complaining that Trump is going the
the enemy of the people while calling
him Putin Stalin and Hitler which by the
way they've been doing since he started
running for office it's not like they're
responding it's him responding to them
they started it they started it they can
dish it out but they can't take it I
mean that is what it comes down to they
can dish it out but they cannot take it
and by the way if you don't think this
happened before just remember Obama wage
war against Fox News while complaining
the Fox News is waging war against him
there was they there was a protest and
this is not Obama's fault but there was
a protest in 2008 where Fox News
reporters were mobbed by angry people
today just to show you how this works
Candace Owen our pal we we have it we've
had on the show and I'd love to have her
back again but Candice Owen over the
weekend she took out Sarah Jones tweets
against white people and she replaced
Jews and black people and Twitter
suspended her they've never suspended
Sarah John but they suspended Kansas
Owen then they sweat then when people
said hey wait a minute look what you did
they apologized but but that's the point
that is the double standard she's with
Charlie Kirk in Philadelphia she
surrounded by a mob of auntie appeal
threatening her and caught in just
cursing I don't even know I'll play the
play the footage you know they're
surrounding I called her cancer Owen
it's Owens obviously and she's a black
girl and they're rounded by cops were
blacks and they're shouting that she's
racist and they're shouting the cops are
racist they're calling the cops reason
reminds me the old joke about Poland
that in other countries the what is is
in other countries if you're Jewish they
hate you but in Poland if they hate you
you're Jewish you know that they just
decide that you must be Jewish because
they hate you so you're a racist no
matter what color you are then and it's
a white mob that's the other thing it's
a mob of white people calling her and
these black cops I mean these guys have
lost their mind I got to play one more
cut then we're gonna go talk to Knowles
one more kind of David Brooks as the
little glimmering of light you know he's
the New York Times from Uncle Ed row
he's a little glimmer of light starts to
dawn on David books that maybe just
maybe the press has a little bit of
responsibility in this a lot of us
mainstream the journalists have become D
legitimized in the eyes of a lot of
Trump supporters sometimes for our own
fault we if you turns out if you don't
hire from large segments of American
society you become detached for them and
they write you off and a lot of that's
happened and but then the fans have been
the fires have been fanned by Trump
himself and basically what seems to be
happening is a complete inversion of
where information comes from and those
of us in the mainstream media who used
to provide information are now
discounted in large sections and this
new thing has arisen but
but even in the logic of what he just
said if they hadn't started the fire by
completely ignoring most of the country
there wouldn't be any flames for Donald
Trump to fan just a little bit of
self-knowledge a little bit of reform
and all of this could change it can't be
forced on them because of the First
Amendment it shouldn't be forced on them
because the First Amendment is a good
thing but they could do it themselves
but will they I never seen I've never
seen people with such a deep deep lack
of self-knowledge
speaking of deep lacks of self-knowledge
Michael Knoll is about to join us but I
don't know where that came from he's got
to say goodbye to Facebook and YouTube
come on over to the Daily wire calm and
subscribe allows you ten bucks a month
or a hundred bucks for the year you get
the leftist tears tumblr you get to be
in the mail bag your note you'll have no
problems and a mug a tumbler full of
leftist tears what could be better
Knowles hey I was having such a nice
weekend and then you had to go ahead and
sign me this book you know as a sadist
American I feel that you're offended by
your anti sadistic rhetoric you know
they're all better than Southside with
you that's the thing I keep saying my
hat on is at least it can't get as bad
as that week exactly it is outside but
everything is relative everything is
relative like that that's up plus the
thing is I have to take whatever
wickedness you dish at me because you're
the last guy employing me in Hollywood
you know I hate to say this but we've
started our recording of another Kingdom
you are a hell of an actor come on just
say oh you know obviously I wouldn't say
anything nice to you unless I had to or
I was under threat of lüt my life or
something like right but you really I
mean I've seen you play serious stuff
I've seen you play check off and I saw
you dancing a little bit dance the
movement that's right that's right yeah
yeah yeah and you I knew I know you're
good but you you really are terrific
well thank you very much a tit or
talented you didn't new monoid the
trouble is though now that you are
complimenting my acting in Hollywood no
I'm certainly never going to you know
say that fake news conservative it all
trite I can't believe we're still on
Twitter as far as that goes is that well
we just wait the day is young
you know it is it is really a lot of fun
we recorded that first episode on Friday
I guess it was yeah and we were in the
studio about four hours doing it and
it's you know what when I think about
how we did it last time that first
season which was very popular I mean we
were doing it in your attic basically
yep exactly exactly it yeah and now
we've got we got we got I don't want to
ruin the surprise now I've got some
extra extra stuff for the new season a
we've got some actual visuals to go
along with the audio and it really it
really looks great and it sounds great
know by the way that the story is
fantastic I'm so what's what's great
about it is you would think for the the
people who are listening right now that
it before recording all of these
episodes the visual the audio maybe you
would send me the script like an hour in
advance no not at all I am reading this
thing in the studio and it's very
frustrating because there will be these
moments where I get so engrossed in the
story that I forget I'm performing it
and so I'll just completely lose it
we're losing light it takes time I have
to say when you write the second book
and what's going to be a trilogy you
sort of keep your expectations low
because that's usually not the best book
it's the linking book but the and I just
let just do the best you can you know
don't kill you but I'm really happy with
the way it came out and yeah yeah it
certainly sounds great so what tell
everybody what this book is because to
me it's like mind boggling that it even
exists well contrary to your book which
is a good book this book which is called
hope never dies never dies an
obama/biden mystery by Andrew Schaeffer
and so the book it is I I don't want to
give it away I'm sure I don't I know
know the viewers want spoilers for this
book they're rushing out to buy give
away everything yeah it's so spoilers to
come so the book is the premise of the
book if centrist Reggio Biden and Joe
Biden's old pal from the Amtrak his
conductor buddy is found dead on the
tracks and they don't know was he
murdered did he commit suicide as their
mischief and corruption afoot and so Joe
Biden gets himself very involved in all
of this and then of course out of the
blue out of the woods out of the sky
appears is it's a bird it's a plane no
it's Barack Obama do they do they
broadcast the Oh on the sky
Gordon they do it they actually use a
beam of light to put this guy in rainbow
colors and then Barack Obama comes down
so so he comes out of nowhere and and
they solve this mystery together it's an
old you know it's an old old-fashioned
mystery thriller novel okay and you know
it involves the city they ditch the
Secret Service they jump in old Joe
Biden's Dodge Challenger because he's
just a regular guy and there are a few
takeaways and the first one I'm sorry to
admit actually I didn't hate the book no
a I've heard it's not a bad mystery
story the guy is probably got to tell me
he does have talent I mean it's it's a
novelty the book is a novelty it's
shallow its glib it's both both
self-aware hyper self-aware at certain
points and then oblivious to what it is
at other points but I will say as far as
the story goes it's serviceable there's
nothing it does kind of keep you going
along with it there but there are a few
takeaways I find in it first of all
Democrat politicians right now are so
irrelevant that Democrats have to
actually concoct whole fantasies to have
them in the public eye you're so good I
mean you talk about Osama Ohama Ohama
who was that guy yeah we forget his
legacies been utterly erased by Donald
Trump so they have to do this the book
suffers from really one major flaw
because otherwise it's a serviceable
book it's that there are no character
flaws
nobody has any character for nobody has
seen their problem with Obama from the
beginning right I mean this is this was
the character this was the narrative
problem with the left when they ran
Barack Obama in 2008 he has no character
flaws and so you just won you don't
believe him there's no credibility and
you can't relate to the guy the the main
character here is Biden in the book and
you might think well shouldn't it be
Obama he's the protagonist no because
what the author says Schaffer is that he
he was gonna make it Obama but you can't
poke around in Obama's head he's too
brilliant he's a sly furball oh yeah
really
no yes in interviews and in the novel
itself so he couldn't create Obama as a
character because the guy's just
perfect so he has no no there are two
sides to this on the one hand he's
saying he's he really is too perfect
he's really indecipherable you can't get
into his head but then he's a little bit
honest in another interview he says the
minute that you make him a person he
loses everything he's not interested in
any anymore
the whole reason that Barack Obama it
compels us and takes people's attention
is because he's just this legendary
figure the moment he becomes a real
person and you actually look into his
past you know at Columbia you look into
his best in Chicago community organizing
is the church he went into that with
that awful racist guy the minute you
look at him he becomes prosaic and not
not very attractive
so he actually says both things now with
Biden no because he actually said though
that I could not make him a human being
because because if I did he would lose
all his yes yeah yeah you he says you
can't poke around his head it's it's
inscrutable you know it's he's
indecipherable and also the moment he
becomes a regular guy he's not
attractive to us right that which is so
true it's true politically important in
the book yeah
with Biden Biden does have a couple
flaws in in this book but the fight is
like he's dumb as an ashtray yeah oh
yeah the the flaws that this writer
Schaeffer gives to Joe Biden or like you
know when you're interviewing for your
first job right out of college and they
say what is your what's your biggest
flaw and you say I work too hard right
yeah exactly
I'm just I'm a perfectionist that's my
and that is it I mean the flaws that
Biden has is he's a little bit jealous
because Barack Obama has made new
friends since the White House so he's a
little hurt he's a little jealous he's a
little emotional he cares too much and
then his and then the major flaw by the
end of it is that he's given so much to
public service that's his whole life but
how much does his family deserve him and
how much does the country deserve ah
yeah those are the flaws so really
really tough ones you know by the way
that the book is pretty smart in that it
makes all the use of every pleasant
aspect of Obama and Biden so the you
know do you remember
I didn't got the Presidential Medal of
Freedom Obama just gave it to him at the
end of his presidency that plays a
central role nobody even remembers that
he got it but that plays a central role
even by the way the why I sort of forgot
the one character flaw he gives Obama is
that Barack Obama smokes cigarettes
uh-huh first of all that's not a
character flaw you need that in a
mystery novel it's very cool spies are
cool and the the second part is he
actually says he goes I haven't had a
smoke in eight years but I just had one
because a you Joe I think like or you do
you does anyone on earth really believe
that Barack Obama quit smoking as he was
running for president that's insane
so leftist platitudes pervade this and
it's kind of fun because he's playing
with the audience you know it actually
he'll he quotes that Martin Luther King
quotes the arc of history ends toward
justice but he quotes it like seven
times and you can't tell if he knows
what he's doing or he doesn't because
Obama did the same thing yeah and and
where he's very smart is the book isn't
terribly ideological or partisan it was
enough just about the this mystery story
that I didn't work me there are a few
climate change things a couple Trump
Barb's but nothing too much why is that
because the political aspect of this
book is about making these guys
sympathetic for non policy reasons you
remember during the Obama years while
his policies were loved the found way
unpopular but he was always personal by
very popular and and it sounds to me
like this what he's doing is he's
setting up Biden he's not saying up
because Obama can't run again but Biden
will this is so that's certainly one of
the reasons why Biden's the protagonist
but by the way at the end of this book
the curtain drops a little bit it you
know it is this kind of wacky mystery
for some of it it's vaguely enjoyable
and at the end it is all about running
for president is joe talking to Barak
saying I should I run peepee all Joe you
know it's so hard I know it's hard I
don't I don't even want to but America
needs me I mean it is really you know
the funny thing the funny thing about
this is because they live in their
imagination where Obama is perfect where
socialism works where all these things
happen that don't act where they're
oppressed where Trump is Hitler and
women are living in the hand may tell
they live completely in their imagined
it does give them a talent for this it
gives them a talent for selling things
to the American people it's lucky that
the American people at least live in
realities well that's exactly right you
know I mean there are lines in there
that are totally unselfish
Joe Biden is too chivalrous he's never
said anything
he's never behaved weirdly around a
woman at all ah you know I you know you
videos I mean every single one it's lame
like goes to sixteen-year-old girls
smelling their hair I'm getting a little
sick to my side no usually that's the
point when they say Michael you have to
leave we're bringing in but it is it is
real I mean they do have a command of
narrative there's no question about it
and and they're gonna keep bringing it
out for 2020 yeah cuz they live in their
imaginations what's on your show today
so today I'm gonna be talking about the
Netroots conference are you talking
about Democrats have just laid out their
plans for 2020 and spoiler alert they
hate your guts and want to control your
lives oh my god cries ending now all
right thanks a lot no sorry I had to do
that to you but I really wanted to know
what was in it without reading it thank
you
it happens I can't wait for the next
assignment our crappy culture
speaking of oh gosh that may have been
our crappy culture I'm not sure I have
anything else to say
Facebook is banned for pages run by the
American conspiracy theorist Alex Jones
for repeated violations of community
standards the removal of the pages comes
after Facebook imposed a 30 day ban on
Jones personally for his role in posting
violating posts violating content of
these pages
it's glorifying violence to humanizing
language to describe people who are
transgender Muslim and immigrants which
violates our hate speech policies listen
I'm in no Alex Jones pants I think the
guy is I think he's wacko I think the
guy is wacko but the answer to speech is
more speech and Facebook is going down
the wrong path they have to understand
that you know when you see the world in
terms of race when you see it in terms
of sexuality when you see it in terms of
all these things that's a way of see
the world you don't have to see it that
way you can see it in terms of
individuals you can see it in terms of
freedom you can see in terms of America
and once you see it that way that you
know the stuff that Jones is doing is
just loopy that's all it's not offensive
it's not the humanizing it's not it's
none of that stuff it's just loopy and
it's in it's false you can beat that
stuff with more speech and Facebook
should get out of the business of
censorship they are not given sent to us
by God to determine what hate speech is
we don't need them to determine what
hate speech is let's speech be speech
let the people talk that let the people
talk let the truth will out it really
will I got to say goodbye that was quick
what who's on tomorrow do we know Oh
Jimmy Walker did an interview with Jimmy
Walker really good interview really
interesting to talk to him that's very
bright guy it really knows what he's
talking about when came to showbiz he
tells one story in that interview that
blew me away and you will hear it
tomorrow and I will be here tomorrow
I'm Andrew Clavin this is the Andrew
Clavin show
the Andrew Clavin show is produced by
Robert Sterling executive producer
Jeremy boring senior producer Jonathan
hey our supervising producer is Mathis
Glover and our technical producer is
Austin Stevens edited by Emily J audio
is mixed by Mike kameena hair and makeup
is by Joshua alvera the Andrew Klavan
show is a daily wire for word publishing
production copyright for word publishing
