well it's really interesting because
when you watch your movies they're there
a lot of and see some of your plays when
when you when you there's some lines
that have become just part of sort of
the American parlance obviously there's
the whole the Chicago away speech from
The Untouchables or the or the speech
that in the movie version Alec Baldwin
gives England Glengarry Glen Ross they
always be closing speech and a lot of
folks on the left-hand to use these
particular lines actually a fair bit so
Barack Obama famously suggested that you
don't bring a knife to a gunfight it's
in his sort of political heyday and
people on the Left are constantly
suggesting the capitalism is this
dog-eat-dog business where people are
attempting to tear each other down then
they use that as an excuse for
government intervention ISM but it
sounds like you know your basic view of
human beings that all human beings are
basically at each other and that's why
we have to come to these basic
agreements to leave each other alone
well yeah I was watching yesterday that
the great Tucker Carlson I'm crazy about
him he had some cockamamy I think
Democrat something or other and you know
uh congressmen like that and he says to
the guy Democrats his we second he says
you guys got nothing left in a golf bag
so what in the world are you gonna run
on in the midterms and the guy says
economic justice and social justice so I
said well okay you know let's let's
break it down to being of the English
language right what does economic
justice mean at the end how's that
different than justice right
it's communism what it means it's um
what it's statism it means that someone
is going to stand above whatever rules
we have for commerce and decide what's
just to whom right so as you know some
soul said once every ever anybody says
it's gonna helps hey you say well who's
gonna hurt right so economic justice is
at the end of the day it's communism
it's saying and communism is someone's
gonna be in charge of saying what you
have to give to me and I'll keep I'll
keep what I think I want and give it
back to you which brings me back to when
I realized that the whole the the
Marxian idea from each according to his
ability to each according to his need
really begs the question because
the term which is missing is the state
shall take from each according to his
ability which means the states going to
determine what your ability is the state
shall give to each according to his name
yeah I'm the state I'm going to
determine what you need you don't
determine it anymore you don't determine
what your abilities the state does
