this topic that I've been thinking about
all week is freedom works freedom it is
working it's working politically it's
working economically this ties into your
video right this is into like this
oppressive you don't laugh nothing's
funny don't mmm there's that culture and
then there's the culture of breathe the
sweet air of freedom have a laugh have a
chuckle yeah it's about consent you know
it's like that's why it's over it can -
laughs you know wait is it about consent
free markets its consent it's like I
want to work with you you want to work
with me let's make both of our lives
better that consensual relationship and
then you have socialism which is at the
end of a gun I will set I will establish
the price of bread without any factors
like there really is an element of force
versus consent and that seems to
permeate people's entire lives the left
I mean we've seen this now all these
stories come out of these like the
feminist good guys the soy Boy feminist
yeah they are by far that create the
creepy ones with girls they left follow
them around and Harvey Weinstein
obviously to me too movement maybe
there's something to this theory there
it's the coercion of the left that makes
them feel entitled to take whatever they
want right because what they're doing
doesn't actually help women in fact it's
horrifying what it's like you know what
being a woman is lots of abortions you
know work 90-hour weeks and outer get
married see you guys in 50 years like
that's that's someone who actually loves
a woman and you know we just had our
second child congratulations kid the
last thing I would do is establish a
fake wage gap she was she has her
master's in engineering my wife's a
brilliant woman who wanted to stay home
and be a mom and and just push her into
the salt mines of you know and then just
and say like abortions empower men and
all this stuff and then secretly they're
just up to no good these guys
