rachel says hello Ben after they finish
this current Star Wars trilogy do you
think Disney will keep making more Star
Wars movies do you think some Old
Republic movies would be better or
something sometime after these if I wore
Disney okay so here's what they will do
what they will do is they will launch a
whole series of movies with Rey and Finn
and Poe and all the characters you've
come to know and be lukewarm about but
you know what should they do what they
really should do is they should pretend
none of this ever happened they should
pretend the prequels didn't happen they
should pretend the sequels didn't happen
they should recast Han they should
recast Luke they should recast Leia and
they should pick up right where Return
of the Jedi left off that's what they
actually should do so those are the
characters that you like and they've
already shown that they can recast Han
like Alden Ehrenreich did I thought a
creditable job is Han Solo in the latest
solo movie which I actually enjoyed I
think that what they should have done is
just picked up afterward they shouldn't
do prequels for characters that they the
problem with soloed the reason it didn't
do well is because spoiler alert in in
force awakens they kill Han Solo in the
worst stupidest possible way thereby
destroying my childhood and make him a
divorced loser dad murdered by his son
okay it's a terrible terrible way for
Han Solo to go then they decide you know
what let's make a prequel about that guy
well why would I want to watch a prequel
about a guy whose end I already know
that's ridiculous and silly it doesn't
make any sense what they should do is
they should just get the only good
really the only good movies in the Star
Wars canon are road one which has very
little to do with anything outside of
the original trilogy and and makes very
slight reference to some of the prequels
and they should so keep our old one
keep the original three movies dumb if
you want to keep selling well fine I
guess and dump everything else pretend
force awakens never happened for
certainly pretend last Jedi never
happened and take Kathleen Kennedy's
resume and burn it on a funeral pyre
