congresswoman in loudmouth Looney tune
Maxine Waters recently told the crowd at
Los Angeles Church that she was quote
sent by God to attack Donald Trump
waters received some pushback on the
statement in an exclusive interview with
The Daily wire God said that he had not
in fact sent maxine waters to attack
Donald Trump but had only meant to
provide the world with the little comic
relief and maybe create an opportunity
for some cheap jokes about how
unreasonable women are which apparently
is a brand of humor the Lord is
particularly fond of the maker of heaven
and earth told The Wire quote to be
honest until she started mouthing off
about me it had slipped my mind I
created that kooky old bat at all I'm
sure I had a good reason for it since
I'm you know God but to be honest it
happened such a long time ago I can't
remember exactly what it was something
to do with my great gift of laughter to
humankind so I hope you're all enjoying
her unquote Maxine Waters was only the
latest in a line of left-wingers who
made the mistake of thinking God was on
their side
there was also late-night host Stephen
Colbert who recently remarked that God
is a socialist because Jesus didn't
charge lepers for his miraculous cures
in his interview with The Daily wire God
responded to Colbert's remark saying
quote what kind of stupid logic is that
what the hell has happened to late-night
comedy anyway I used to be able to tune
in for a couple of yucks before going to
bed now on every channel there's some
skinny smirking white guy raving about
Donald Trump I missed the Carson show
unquote God warned that we could look
forward to more Democrats claiming he
was on their side as they ran out of
actual arguments for their absurd
policies he added quote I'd stop them
but I believe in human freedom it would
be nice if they did the same trigger
warning I'm Andrew Clavin and this is
the Andrew Clavin show
tickety-boo so we need also sing see
Topsy the zipa teasing it's a wonderful
all right we are here in Washington DC
at the yoth conference the young
American Foundation conference I'll tell
you a little bit about it we have Owen
Benjamin comedian on our show he's got a
new Praeger video he wants to talk about
and we have to talk about zip recruiter
because many of you asked the question
how did Michael Knowles get hired and we
always say it's because we didn't use
zip recruiter dot-com if you use zip
recruiter you don't you don't make those
kinds of mistakes
zip recruiter sends your job to over a
hundred of the web's leading job boards
but they don't stop there with their
powerful matching technology zip
recruiter scans thousands of resumes to
find people with the right experience
and invite them to apply to your job
so as applications come in sot zip
recruiter analyzes each one and
spotlights the top candidates so you
never miss a great match zip recruiter
is so effective that 80% of employers
who post on zip recruiter get a quality
candidate through the site within the
first day with results like that it's no
wonder the zip recruiter is the highest
rated hiring site in America and right
now my listeners can try zip recruiter
for free at this exclusive web address
zip recruiter comm slash daily wire
that's zip recruiter comm /d al Dai ly
WI our ez recruiter dot-com slash daily
wire zip recruiter the smartest way to
hire don't let Michael Knowles happen to
you alright so DC well first of all you
know I love being in DC I'm here for
like a minute you know they fly me and
they fly me out but Sebastian Gorka got
in touch with me as I was landing and
said you know we've never met he's been
on the show a number of times I think
he's gonna be on again hopefully next
week or the week after and but we've
never met so he said come on over to the
Trump International Hotel which is right
down the street from where we're staying
and I walked over there and the last
time I was in this place this was used
to be what was called the old post
office and it was a ruin I mean it was
just a dinosaur absolutely empty
building and had been sitting there for
years and years and years and Trump won
the bid to redo it and he redid it
I believe he brought it in about the
head of schedule
under cost under his bid which is pretty
amazing something he did in New York
with the skating rink in Central Park
one of his very big claims to fame as
well the government was screwing up the
skating rink could never get it done
he got so ticked off I've seen this
unfinished Central Park skating rink
outside his window that he finally said
I'll do and they finished it like in
months it was done is a beautiful
beautiful addition to the park anyway
this hotel is absolutely beautiful
and it's got this vast vast lobby bar
and you come in there and it's kind of
like remember the the alien bar and the
first Star Trek it's like that for
conservatives it's like every
conservative in America is in this way
you know like they're conserves from
Mars conservatives from you know Venus
all these different conservatives are
there and I shook hands with Donald
Trump jr. and kimberly guilfoyle was
there his new girlfriend and and she
introduced me we would play when we get
this stuff I like she introduced me to
one of the young fellows who had written
one of our stuff I like theme songs
there and you know I'm a political
junkie and so sitting in that atmosphere
it's just it was just magical to me all
these guys sitting around we're kind of
you know fixers they're fixers you know
like you know they're the kind of guy
the kind of guy you know there's nobody
ever sees them but they're always kind
of behind the scenes I asked one of them
he was supposed to be the kind of great
seer of political you know outcomes and
I asked him how we're gonna do in the
midterms and he said he he would bet
right now that we were gonna lose the
house but he was absolutely sure we were
gonna keep the Senate and add a few
seats he said anybody who tells you
we're not as ridiculous so we'll see he
admitted that he was a pessimist so
maybe he's wrong about the house I hope
so this gut feeling that we may actually
keep the house which would be remarkable
as remarkable is the fact that Trump's
ratings just went up he's just his
approval rating went up to like 50
percent shot up and so like a lot of the
things that maybe people think are going
on aren't going on anyway then I came on
over to the hotel you know traveling
with Shapiro you get mobbed by fans you
know it's like it's kinda like being
Ringo Starr you know like mom after they
finished with Paul McCartney
it was great and the kids are so great
and I was I gave my speech earlier in
the day and I was talking to them about
the
fact that the first speech I ever gave
was - yeah a half conference and it was
an absolute disaster because you know I
spent my life in my room like writing
fiction and talking about werewolves and
cops and what if a werewolf became a cop
or should a cop become a werewolf and
then went out and gave this kind of high
intellectual speech while everybody else
was delivering the red meat and just
died the absolute death so it was nice
to come back nice you know I got a very
nice reception really really Pleasant I
was talking to people about the culture
which is kind of the thing I know best
and you know I've been in some form of
cultural creation all my life that's all
I've done is write novels write
screenplays now doing videos every time
a new technology comes along I've been
in it you know and it's funny I always
go out I always find myself going out
and giving speeches to young people
saying what you should do is get on
YouTube and then I find that I'm on
YouTube and I go out and give speeches
saying well what you should do is you
should do you know fictional podcasts
and then I start another Kingdom so
maybe I should just give speeches to
myself maybe it's I'm the only one who's
paying attention to me since I go out
and do the things I tell people to do
but one of the things I talked about
that I just think is is so immensely
important is because the left owns the
culture these narratives and when I talk
about a narrative what I'm talking about
is a kind of a cloud a cultural cloud
that surrounds you you don't even know
you're breathing it in you have opinions
that you think are rock solid but you've
never really thought them through you
don't even know where they come from but
that's just the narrative that is the
you know American narrative or the
Western narrative and it's created now
by the left because they own everything
they own the academies they own the
television stations they own the movie
studios they own publishing most of it
and so they manage to create this and I
was talking about the four kinds of
narratives that I think are so powerful
and overwhelming and pointing out what
they all had in common and I talked
about abortion the fact that you know
3,000 babies are being killed every day
an American those many on the right
understand that that's wrong none of us
feel it not one of us feels us I'm sorry
none of us feels it the way we should we
don't feel the urgency of it we don't
feel that something must be done right
this minute because the narrative that
surrounds us has kind of
taken the atrocity out of it the sense
of an atrocity out of it and then about
feminism I always love talking about
feminism because guys are not supposed
to criticize feminism and I think
feminism stinks
I think feminism is one of the truly
harmful and destructive philosophies
that's ever come along and I'm you know
I'm a an individualist I want everybody
to do whatever he or she wants to do
with his life but but I do feel that
feminism has essentially degraded and
denigrated femininity I always tell
people young guys care what feminists
say about men I couldn't care less what
they say about men either they're a
bunch of idiots what do I care what they
say about men but I do think they have
an effect on women by teaching women to
get rid of their feminine dreams and
basically follow masculine dreams and
and then you know these women wake up
and they're 35 and they've never had a
family and they never know what it's
like to make a home for people and
they're not happy you know I meet these
women all the time and they will tell
you you know I followed these dreams and
they were not my dreams that are not my
true dreams and and you know it's it
gets this when your time runs out that
is the thing about life that doesn't go
on forever you can't go back and do it
again your time runs out the other one
is atheism atheism is something that
just young intelligent men I mean I see
this so much and I see it on the right
wing it drives me a little crazy
they're absolutely certain that God is
obsolete that science has disproved God
they know this they know it for a fact
in the minute you say that's absurd you
know the logic isn't there the arguments
aren't there the arguments the people
like Steven Pinker make and Sam Harris
make they're not good arguments they're
not sound arguments and they they
basically in the end have to argue that
everything we know and think is an
illusion and that's the kind of silly
argument you could only only scientists
can make that argument if you made that
argument as a Buddhist you know
everybody would say I you're just one of
those crazy Buddhists but if you make it
as a scientist everybody says hmm that
must be true but it's absurd but that's
another thing that's in the narrative I
said then it's in the air a narrative
that's in the air and the final one is
victimhood which always just makes me it
just makes me sad to see especially
young men you know talk about
microaggressions when I sometimes go to
these colleges some young black eye tall
you know able healthy is telling me
about micrograph
somebody looked at him wrong or didn't
you know tensed up when he was came into
the elevator or something and I just
think like you know men don't care about
micro gray you've let somebody talk you
out of your manhood you know I mean a
microaggression is something a man steps
on as he's going to do the thing that he
means to do and later on you can say to
him you know you stepped on that micro
aggression he should be like I didn't
say it you know it's micro a micro it's
too small to see what am I gonna do look
for it you got to be looking for it
because it's a micro aggression and the
thing that I wanted to emphasize in this
speech was just that these four things
are all linked together by the fact that
the opposition can't talk back the
opposition cannot voice its opinion in
abortion the baby has no voice right the
mother can go on and say I was raped
that's why I had an abortion that's a
sad that's a tragic story no question
about it baby can't go on and say hey
you know what I would have cured cancer
you know I was I would have had like ten
children who would have enhanced the
world I would have you know written
music or just lived a great life that
baby if that baby could show up on TV
the dialogue would be a lot different
you know when it comes to to feminism of
course all the women in the public eye
are feminists by by definition you know
I mean a woman goes and has a baby and
goes back and starts hosting her new
show two weeks later and she slimmed
down to a hundred pounds you know she's
not gonna go on and say you know the
most important thing you can do is stay
home with your kids because if she were
you know if you believe that she'd be
doing it and I'm not saying she
shouldn't live the life she wants I'm
just saying that means that every
woman's voice that you're gonna hear is
not gonna be the voice of a mom saying
you know what this is the most rewarding
job you can have because moms are too
busy to go on TV and talk and tell you
that stuff you know atheism the same
thing Christianity is against the world
doesn't you know Christianity defines
itself in opposition to the world
so whenever Christianity tries to reach
out to the world that has to sell out
its Christianity and whenever Christians
say whenever I hear Christian pastors
say how can we reach out to the world I
think it's easy to just stop preaching
the gospel of Christ in the world will
come rushing to you it's when you preach
the gospel of Christ suddenly that they
say and not so much the final one is
victimhood which they just they shut
people up by telling them they can't say
anything I you know already there's
somebody tweeting you know how
there this man come out and say
something about feminism who wants to
listen to a man who wants to listen to a
white about what's happening to black
people who you know that's the way they
shut you up so all those voices and so
you have to become the voice but the
result of this is people get ticked off
and that is why when I see Jim Acosta
complaining about the fact that he get
heckled how can I put this to you you
know my heart does something other than
break you know this is Jim look at me
I'm Jim Acosta he's not a reporter he's
just a little clown sitting there
shouting again and again look at me I'm
shouting at Donald Trump aren't I brave
every report is slanted every report is
a negative you know he represents he's a
perfect representative of the mainstream
media news culture and by the way CNN is
now the least trusted name in news I
think they put out a list of 10 news
sources they were number 9 and the one
under that was Sinclair which is such a
minor you know it doesn't have the same
kind of weight as a CNN so nobody trusts
them anymore so he goes out and now he's
complaining he's come he got heckled at
a Trump thing they were shouting CNN
sucks and now he's going on and he has
the SADS
so here's Jim Acosta honestly it felt
like we weren't in America anymore
I don't know how to put it any more
plainly than that Americans should not
be treating their fellow Americans in
this way but unfortunately what we've
seen and this has been building for some
time since the campaign I've been I've
been talking about this as an issue
since the campaign when the president
during the campaign referred to us as
the dishonest media the disgusting news
media liars scum and thieves and so on
and then he rolled that right into the
Oval Office and started calling us fake
news in the enemy of the people
he is whipping these crowds up into a
frenzy to the point where they really
want to come after us and you know we
have these these bike rack like barriers
around the press cage as we call it to
protect us essentially from people who
might take things too far it's
unfortunate because and I try to calmly
talk to a lot of these folks at the
rally last night to say listen hey you
know tell me what you want to talk about
here why are you guys so upset with us
and they would kind of go through a list
of questions most of most of the
questions were about why don't you guys
report positive news about
president I said hey you know what we do
that they which is a lie they don't but
but on top of that he says to you you
know this doesn't feel like I'm in
America anymore but you know what Jim it
feels exactly what it's like to be in
America if you don't happen to be a
coastal elite this is what people have
been listening to for 50 years you know
I was gonna put together a montage of
cultural attacks on typical Americans
that attacks on religion attacks on
patriotism attacks on the culture of the
Midwest that have been pouring out of
Hollywood and out of the news media and
out of the Academy for years decades on
end but I didn't put it together because
I know that when I put that stuff
together they censor me on YouTube you
know they never do it to The Young Turks
of if Cinque Unger or however he
pronounces name
if he uses material like that not a
thing happens but if I do it they do and
that's what's happening to us Jim so
that's what's happening to this culture
for 50 years 50 years people have been
hearing you know you stink you're an
idiot you have no teeth you're clinging
to your Bible you're clinging to your
guns and now you're upset that they're
heckling you I think like boo bloody
whoo you know it's just it's just
amazing that these guys have no
self-awareness not you know the New York
Times the New York Times just hired a
new person for their editorial board
Sarah what is her name John Sarah John
okay yes and they have she has a history
of racist tweets I mean read to you I
think if I can find the money's just
reaches a couple I can I can't read them
the whole thing because they're so foul
but these are tweets she sent out where
she says dumb effing white people
marking up the internet with their
opinions like dogs pissing on a fire
hydrant she says our white people
predisposed to burn faster in the Sun
thus logically only being fit to live
underground like grovelling goblins
oh man it's kind of sick how much joy I
get out of being cruel to old white men
I did I did do to get on Wikipedia and
play things white people can definitely
take credit for it's really hard really
really because you know they made a
movie called the day without a Mexican
because in Beverly Hills you know they
think if there were no Mexicans who
would how the lawn mow mow itself you
know I mean what to have those dishes
will wash them that's what they think of
Beverly Hills but there were no Mexicans
we'd all be we'd be crippled we'd be
crippled the grass would grow up it
would just consume my mansion that's the
way they think so they made a movie the
day without a Mexican let's try a day
without a white man let's try a day
without computers without cars without
all the things that white men invented
things that they can take credit for
what I you know if you're gonna think
races if you're going to be a racist
that's the way you have to think I mean
I how can you blame white people for
striking back with racism when they're
struck when they strike yes so the New
York Times stands up for her and they
issue this this statement we hired Sarah
John because of the exceptional work she
has done for journalism and the fact
that she's a young asian woman have made
her a subject of frequent online
harassment so she's the victim here when
she talks about how much he likes being
cruel Dwight when she's the victim for a
period of time she responded to the
harassment by imitating the rhetoric of
her her a sirs she regrets it and the
times does not condone it I mean that's
does not no in Santa Barbara
you know they banned straws and the guy
came out and he apologized because one
of the councilmen made the comment he
said we must regulate every aspect of
people's lives that's what he said and
then he said I apologize that was just
rhetoric secreto
rhetoric meaning exactly what you've
said it should me you know the times
knew about this this is you know you
compare it to Kevin Williamson they
hired Kevin Williamson he had made some
jokes about I think hanging women who
have abortions or something like that
it's obviously a joke they knew about it
then they fired him the times knew about
this I'm sure this is why they hired her
they hired it because this is how they
feel if you read The Times editorial
page this kind of racism is endemic to
the times so the fact that they're not i
don't think so they should fire her
because she represents them she
represents them I also don't think
people should buy their paper because
it's racist trash so this this is what
they've been throwing at us all these
years and now they're getting a little
of it back a little bit of heckling back
and they're imagining immediately that
the end of the time has come here is
Chuck Todd and and pay attention to this
because this is the way the media works
because they live in their own
imaginations because they don't live in
America they live in their own minds
other people who would share their ideas
they can immediately go over the top
because everyone around them feels the
same way here's Chuck thought it's kind
of unfocused visceral anger at the other
side of really neutral people like folks
on the press corps it can lead to this
look according to days Washington Post
president Trump has made 4229 false or
misleading claims in 558 days in office
as an average of 7.6 a day this is not
normal
we shouldn't be in the business of just
shrugging our shoulders and normalizing
it so he showed a car running over
people and so they in other words Trump
is one step with him Trump criticizing
this incredibly dishonest media that he
did not mention how many lies the media
had told in that same number of days I
don't know why he didn't bring that up
just to compare them but you know
immediately he's going to be killed
because people are fighting back against
the media that has been lying about them
and remember it's not the lies it's not
the lies it's the bias okay they do lie
it is true they lie and they lie with a
purpose when they say Trump has taken
the statue of the bust of Martin Luther
King out of the Oval Office that has a
purpose that's not just the mistake that
you know even if it was a mistake it's a
mistake with a purpose they do it on
purpose it's not the lies though it's
the bias it is the idea that if somebody
raises the issue of abortion and says
maybe you know you shouldn't kill your
babies that suddenly we're in The
Handmaid's Tale you know that's that's
the bias the bias that if somebody as I
read from the New York Times just this
week if somebody makes a joke about
Obama online he must be a racist that's
the bias that's what they've been
selling to us for 50 years and they get
you know Mike Barnicle is on the Morning
Joe and he made a comment he said Trump
supporters are deranged Trump supporters
are deranged I want to show you the
range Chris Cuomo there's this thing
called the queue queuing on have you
heard of this that's cute not it's a
supposedly a conspiracy that Robert
Muller is not actually investigating
Donald Trump
is secretly investigating Hillary
Clinton and all the lefties and in some
kind of night of the Long Knives
scenario one day they're all going to be
suddenly arrested and this is called
queue because I think the guy who tweets
it it calls himself queue that's called
queue hashtag queue and on
here's Chris Cuomo somebody somebody
held up a sign at a trump rally we our
queue and Chris Cuomo decides that Trump
and his speeches is secretly
communicating with queue listen to this
talking about Trump supporters being
deranged here's the press he has his
people at his rally that looked for the
number 17 as signs of truth q is the
17th letter in the alphabet not that
that helps make any sense of its
significance to them and they see Trump
tweeting something like this 17 angry
Democrats they take value in the number
17 a potential sign I hope he didn't use
that number for them he hasn't always
used the number 17 the guy used to just
be stupid now he's stupid and he's out
of this what was left of his mind I mean
this is amazing and this and they're
calling us deranged weird deranged this
is the way they said how they have left
that go off over the airwaves how could
did nobody see that before he started
talking I had to be in its prompter I
mean it's unbelievable what these guys
are talking about and frankly I feel the
same way about the Russian investigation
I feel about what he just said you know
I just want to play one more clip and
then I'm gonna get the Owen Benjamin
interview because I want to do a little
bit of an extended stuff I like at the
end so I want to keep our time under
control but I just want to play the
views reaction to the SADS of Jim look
at me I'm Jim Acosta Trump is debasing
our press on a regular basis and telling
people it's fake and it's metastasizing
around the world this year egypt vietnam
belarus belarus belarus Malaysia
Pakistan and others have passed laws and
fine news outlets after accusing them of
spreading false information and then you
read about people who live in Canada and
who live in France etc who are afraid
that this president is so
control and and so a long page about
every single thing that he does every
single day that they were afraid for
them also he is not just a menace in
this country as my point right okay so
so is there a way is there a way to
change the narrative about the media
well sorry no no I was just a quick
comment that I heard Jim went into the
audience afterwards which they don't
have video of this and he spoke
one-on-one with the people and I think
that maybe on that level they can see a
personalized baby to keep on doing their
jobs and that their jobs are to report
the facts now of course as I've said
before I do not mind them attacking
Trump
I mind after eight years of supporting
Obama of hiding Obama scandals of
covering up the things that Obama did
and Trump hasn't had any scandals like
Obama had Obama scandals were real and
we vote we've played that montage before
of the press I know he was scandal free
he was scary you know he only used the
IRS to shut up the opposition and use
the State Department to lie about
Benghazi and use the Justice Department
to investigate in an opposing cat mean
that scandals going on right now and
they won't cover it they act absolutely
turn the other way
that's the problem here it's the line
and the bias but what I loved about that
cut is Whoopi Goldberg saying is there
any way to change the narrative
she didn't say is there any way to
change what the press does is is there
any way is there any you know all these
people just angry did they just wake up
one morning kind of with a thorn in
their butts you know I'm just Aang I
just feel I'm just on the wrong side of
the bed and you know who I'm gonna blame
Jim Acosta that's who I'm gonna blame or
or is it decades of Lies decades of
insults decades of bias decades of
attacking American culture that has them
angry nobody nobody on the press is
asking that question not one single
person and that of course is where
wisdom begins all right I want to talk
bring on Owen Benjamin great interview
the guy who cracks me up he's really
really is funny stand-up comedian actor
podcast host pianist I have to pronounce
that carefully because he makes quite a
it makes a lot of a with that word he's
never afraid to share his unique
perspective he's got a new Praeger view
Prager you video titled the strange
death of comedy do we have a minute of
that can we play a minute comedy only
works when we agree on certain realities
take this joke why do you always go
fishing with at least two Baptists
because if you only take one he'll drink
all your beer
the reason this gets a laugh is because
most of us recognize that many religious
people are a little more religious
around other religious people that
hypocrisy is funny because everyone can
relate to it on some level we're all
little hypocritical now and then the
problem is that today fewer and fewer
people seem to agree on the basics you
know shared assumptions I recently did a
joke onstage people keep comparing
Donald Trump to Adolf Hitler he's
nothing like Hitler Hitler would have
never let CNN talk like that Anderson
Cooper would've made it through the
night of the Long Knives there are
people that don't understand that joke
and the reason is that joke requires us
all to agree and stick with me hear that
Hitler was a bad bad man and that the
night of Long Knives was a bad bad thing
and that President Trump whether you
like him or not isn't anything like that
bad bad man who did that bad bad thing
and I wouldn't want him to be but since
we now live in a world where some stupid
people like Hitler and some other stupid
people think Trump is Hitler well we
just can't agree that this obviously
absurd joke is funny you could find Owen
on his YouTube channel youtube.com slash
Owen Benjamin comedy and he also has a
podcast why didn't they laughs here's
Owen Benjamin oh good to see you again
oh thanks for having me man I was just
telling you when we first started
talking you've been just crushing on the
show like those opening monologues make
me laugh so hard ah coming well coming
from you that's a genuine compliment I
appreciate it I saw your new video the
Praeger video also made me laugh which
is tough to do on a Praeger video it's
not easy to get laughs out of a bragger
video yeah Prager Community College is a
little funnier and dirtier but preggers
you asked pretty every day so those guys
are great and I love I love that they
kept it so clean because it reaches a
bigger audience but we'd be going back
and forth about how far we could push a
joke and stuff like that but I'm really
proud of the message so I hope a lot of
people watch it well let's let's talk
about it about they called the strange
death of comedy why do you feel comedy
is dead
well I think it's a lack of shared
values you know I I've wrestled with
this for a long time it's it's you got
to have the assumptions in place in
order to be funny like that that joke in
the video about people say Donald Trump
is like Adolf Hitler that's not true not
fair to Trump a tough it was a great
leader you know like you have to know I
don't like Hitler it has to be given
right right and it's the same with like
James Gunn claiming that a lot of these
are jokes it's like there's no given
they're like Hollywood so riddled with
sexual deviance that like that isn't
right that's like a there's just no
given like no-one's trusting that that's
a joke at all and because I've been
wracking my brain about my problems
where if I take something it was
intended to be a joke like where my
blind spots you know that's more of a
conservative libertarian way of thinking
that the left is never once thought ever
what yeah yeah it's like my inability to
see James Gunn is joking and I think
it's because I can't assume he's a good
guy cuz he's not so it's like that to me
just seems like proclamations well uh
yeah no go ahead well I mean it is a
real problem in Hollywood there is a
pedophilia Coffea we know it's there
it's come close to being exposed I'm not
saying he's part of it it just makes the
jokes a little less funny yeah well I
think there's evil doers and evil
followers and I think the majority are
evil followers not doers I like I gunned
ahead I don't know what I does he ever
is he had actually attracted to children
probably not I think the majority of
Hollywood is not actually pedophiles but
what the majority Hollywood is is they
will cover for people they will see
things that are horrifying and not say
anything they will defend evil and it's
almost like the way you know pimps and
hookers all have that pyramid force of
don't rat on me I don't rat on you and
and that to me is uh
pretty gross like when I came out
against uh what's a Jesse thorn about
his five year old transgender kid and I
named it my name I got kicked out of CIA
principal young which is one of the
biggest management companies there at a
publishing deal with
Norton did Guns Germs and Steel all that
like a big upfront money deal like all
of it just start banishing just all gone
Wow and it's because it's not because
these people like privately they'd be
like hey man I know they're like I know
I know you're right but that only lasts
like a year like when people pretend to
be something they're not that the
neuroplasticity in your brain starts
becoming that that's why when people
like pretend
something's okay when it's not I'm like
man you got about a year before you have
to address that and you either think
like you have to admit to yourself
you're a coward or believe it and you'll
believe it why you know that's why yeah
go ahead
Kurt Vonnegut wrote a novel called
mother Knight that he's and he said the
theme is you become what you pretend to
be and I think you're absolutely right
yeah I believe in free will and a soul
so but at the same time there is
determinism affecting us and one of the
proofs against determinism is all the
carrots and sticks would have made me a
liberal in Hollywood and I broke away
from that like all of my motivations
would have kept me in that and that kind
of silver screen hell because I have my
biggest year the year before I left and
all this started happening so it wasn't
like this weird decay it was like this
this uh this Keyser söze moment where
I'm like wait a minute
you guys are really trying to like
dismantle families you know it's one
thing when the Liberals are just these
wacky anything-goes people but once they
start inflicting on others especially
children and other people's way of life
and way of worship and way of living
freedoms they have that's that's the
worst of both worlds to a degree where
people have to fight it or they're it's
gonna come for them appease them it just
means you get eaten last well let me ask
you this you you have a song that I saw
online I can't say it but the thing is
did that n-word stole my bike III got to
tell you it cracked me up but at the
same time and cracked me up I got a
little chill like whoa is there a point
where you've gone too far is is
therefore in your own behind a place for
this one well it's it's funny you bring
that up because that's the only joke in
my entire career where I actually think
it wasn't ready because it's based on a
meme from Mike Tyson's punch-out
it's uh there's a meme from like 2001
where it was a little Mike little Mike
is like jogging and it goes forever and
there's a black dude on a bike nice job
behind it and that was the joke for like
a decade and it was nothing it was just
funny and but in my life and in my
career I never call black people that
even in like jest you know but I will
use the word in irony like I'll call
justin trudeau that if he's trying to
ban Mother's Day or something you know
but uh but though the joke just wasn't
ready
like the whole joke now which I don't
really do on stage anymore cuz I it's
there's just too much heat around it but
it turns out it's like oh that n-words
white and that turns out it's Justin
Trudeau stole my rights like I I make an
irony out of it because that's the one
time where I'm like that that might be
too far but the the comedians role is to
go too far sure and I co-wrote that with
a black guy it's like I have this
argument with somebody recently or
someone's like well you know black
people have said don't use that word I'm
like what about all the ones that squeal
with delight when they are friends with
a white guy who knows they're cool and
it's just so taboo and weird and they
laugh and they're like well that's a
minority of the black population I'm
like so now you're going against the
minority like did you know did you shoot
on it oh is that the Australian that
says jokes aren't funny anymore yeah she
stops in the middle of her comedy
routine to announce that she's not gonna
be a comedian anymore because she
doesn't want to make straight white men
feel good about themselves and she's
just lacerating herself oh yeah it's
mind blowing that's like if someone's a
plumber and they're just like you know
what I'm done with this pipe you deserve
to have ppl over you it's that crazy
like I didn't like Chris Rock's joke
about more white kids need to be shot
but I got the structure and of course
you should take the risk and whatever
like it doesn't even make me not like
the guy I just think that was a miss
miss Reed so I think everyone should
give each other that element when you're
dealing with stand-up comedy the only
reason I thought James Gunn should be
fires he directs kids movies which uh
that'd be like because of that n-word
stole my bike
if someone if I got fired from like
Selma to I get it we know you're not
racist but like I'm like of course I
should not direct Selma to it's the same
with you know guardians of the galaxy 3
is for kids and it's like there's videos
of this dude making jokes that I can't
even come close to repeating because
even censor it's it's insane
I'm I'm talking about his tweets like
videos of the guy I tweeted one it's
just the guy's a total scumbag yeah and
so uh free market firing is not like
because I'm a free speech absolutist
maybe the point where I'd really wrestle
with whether or not pedophiles are
allowed to say they're pedophiles and I
had to say yes even though I want to
kill them yeah but at the same time you
got to let businesses fire people I'm
like what if you find out your uh your
babysitter tweeted that ten years ago no
firing
he has his rights like of course not so
what has happened you make this really
interesting point in the video that we
were talking about before that we've
lost our shared values so it's hard to
work play off the assumptions to get a
laugh it's hard to play off people's or
something yeah is that what killed
late-night comedy or is it something
else I mean late-night comedy is
virtually gone that man I wrestle with
this a lot because I don't know if it
was just this weird descent into this or
was it planned
was it this weird uh Marxist thing where
they want another avenue of rhetoric and
promote I don't know because these guys
were funny like I know Jimmy Fallon I've
toured with Jimmy Fallon he's probably
the best one left but a done Chelsea
Handler's show I've done Amy Schumer
show like the thing that a lot of people
on the right need to understand is at
one point Sarah Silverman was was funny
and to see them all choose to become
these shells of themselves and just
become these these puppets in these
applause seeking just ideological
weirdos I'm like was that by choice or
was that just I don't know I don't know
what it is did they run out of jokes no
there is always that danger with
comedians that they that some
we're deep inside them they want to be
taken seriously and as and and they can
fall prey to that as they get older I
think yeah it's almost like when you two
wanted to do a jazz album everyone's
like bad for branding but just enough of
the laughter it's time to really talk
about I've known so all these streaming
services and they now featuring a lot of
stand-up there's a lot of stand-up on
those is there anything that you see
that you really love yeah Norma Donald
MacDonald is the best of all time I mean
we're living at a time when I consider
the best comedian who's ever lived is
still touring who's that you know like
North or McDonald Istanbul yeah yeah do
you know him
uh no I don't but I there's a bunch of
there's a lot of comedians are still
funny I just have to I just don't see
the names in front of me but um who uh
what's his name
Mulaney John Mulaney is a structurally
and unbelievably good joke writer yeah
and he's a guy that's on the UH that's
why I did that video why I hate the left
I made sure I didn't because there is a
difference between just the normal 90s
liberal versus the left and John Mulaney
reminds me of a guy where I would
disagree with his policies but I would
have beers with him and be like that guy
is a funny guy you know
we haven't talked about that he's not a
very political guy on his last routine
you just you know Trump appalls him but
he's not a political person yeah which
is cool and I think that's uh when
you're on Netflix it means you are a
political person and it's on the left
but okay but uh yeah I like that guy I
just think that what's happening is
everything so politicized and um people
are like well why do you do politics
like you your best stuff is men and
women's stuff because my best material
is always relationship material and how
men and women are different and how you
can make fun of because I can make fun
of women and they laugh which is a big
thing in the company world yeah and uh
and I'm like you can ignore politics but
politics won't ignore you and it got to
the point where saying men and women are
different was considered like hate
speech and then it's like
we'll just talk about football and
they're like what how do you feel about
kneeling and then you like oh shoot
they're like excuse me and you're like
all right I either have to beat this
leftist dragon or I can never talk about
anything again
well so now you have paid a price I mean
you really have and and you had all
these deals and they've gone away what's
happening in your career right now great
man that's the funniest thing it's
through the looking-glass is uh I'm
trying to be I do a lot of live streams
on my YouTube channel and one thing I
try to do is show people how they can
construct a career outside of Hollywood
because that's the futures there you
know same with education that's why I
love preggers you I love Dan Collins
hardcore history I love the Eric
Weinstein was talking about this or was
it Weinstein or was it row shout out to
Ben Shapiro Sunday's specials by the way
they say Andre he's derivative and uh he
was talking about how the gatekeeper to
information is gone and no one's really
reacting it's almost like the housing
bubble took like two years to like
actually fall it's like colleges you
peels over you know because now you can
listen to like a Harvard lecture for a
dollar and that's why all these like
truckers are becoming like intellectuals
and and it is yeah it is why we're gonna
sit well it's why they're trying to
censor social media isn't it but I mean
they want it back they want to take back
that that gatekeeping role yeah so many
people don't understand how rooting for
the underdog conservatives are where
it's a lot of these regulations keep the
single mom who wants to be a hairdresser
out of the business or minimum wage
makes certain work illegal so no one can
have an entry-level job and all these
things you know you know all that
history behind a lot of these labor
unions and all this stuff it isn't what
people think it's this lie that keeps
being pushed and one of the big lies is
you got to go to college to make
something of yourself like I have two
sons under three right now and uh you
know one was born three weeks early a
little Charlie if we had a bunch of
complications and it blew my mind as I'm
holding him that the Democrats want to
be able to if he was still in my wife he
could be aboard able which is like mind
blowing you know like that straight up
evil yeah but I'm looking at these kids
and I'm like I'm not going to do
a college fund I'm gonna do like a small
business fun now I'm gonna be like oh
I'll raise an egg for you so you can
launch your own business and I'm gonna
teach you better than any state school
and my parents are professors so I'm not
I'm very knowledgeable in that world
yeah
and it's it's these like these unlimited
loans just devalued it it skyrocketed
how much it cost to go to college it
flooded the market with all anyone can
go to college so now that degree doesn't
mean anything unless you know it's like
Harvard or something so people want to
see you now where do they go what do
where do they go to find your latest
stuff oh well youtube.com social and
benjamin comedy and then huge pianist
calm for my last three specials i sell
myself and i'm gonna start setting up a
tour again soon and to answer your
question before it's uh the reason
there's all this social justice nonsense
and all this like he's a racist or blah
blah blah like take him down it's
because they don't want people to know
how free we are yeah it's like I'm doing
I'm having a better career now than I
was I don't get these large sums of
money based on like just a holding deal
for a year to make sure I don't actually
make anything but just the daily grind
of it is so much better the freedom of
it I have way bigger shows more people
come my videos get bigger hits I have
more self-respect my wife loves it
because I get to just completely be
myself and not have to kneel to
something I don't like
and I recommend people just don't be
scared of it and I know thyself if
you're not hateful which I know I'm not
racist I was raised in a family and in a
life where my piano teacher was trans
back in the 90s when it was like unheard
of
you know we'd have students from all
over the world come live with us and
stuff so I know exactly what I am when
it comes to prejudice like I'll
prejudice you if you have a face tattoo
not because you're black you know and so
I know enough about myself to take these
big risks so if you know yourself and
you know you're not hateful just just go
and trust your gut and trust your values
and don't be intimidated by this this
shame Squad I agree with you 100%
Owen Benjamin great to talk to you again
and a big fan thanks thanks a lot I
appreciate it
all right stuff I like I had to play
that against by Anthony Leonardi and
Norman young and last night kim kimberly
guilfoyle
in it introduced me to anthony lee an
already really nice guy really sharp and
he was thrilled when we played it on the
on the shows we played it again that's
that's why um stuff I like I want to
talk you know I may have talked about
this film before but I want to talk
about in a different context I want talk
about The Searchers which in 1956 film
it's considered one of the great
American classics one of John Wayne's
greatest roles the truth about it is is
only half the movie is any good but that
half is one of the greatest movies ever
made it deals with John Wayne plays an
Indian fighter who whose niece is
kidnapped by the Indians and he goes off
to hunt her down and really he wants to
hunt her down and kill her because he
figures once she's been raped by the
Indians she's no good anymore and she's
gonna become a squaw and he just he just
despises the Indians and there's two
stories as the home story there's John
Wayne and Jeffrey hunter go out hunting
for Natalie Wood who's the little girl
and then there's the story at home and
the story at home is just mock comedy
it's not very funny it's it's really
kind of dated and all this stuff with
John Wayne is one of the greatest movies
of all time and it's worth watching it's
worth sitting through the other part
it's not terrible it's just worth
sitting through that other part to see
this great picture here's a little clip
where they find some Indians they're
searching for these women who've been
kidnapped and they find some Indians and
here let's just play one minute clip I
found Lucy back in the Kenyan Raptor and
my coat buried there with my own hands
thought it best to keep it from
did they what was she what do you want
me to do draw you a picture spell it out
it's a very very compelling story of a
guy who just he despises the Indians has
good reason to despise them and is
hunting down the niece that he loves
because he because he loves her he wants
to kill her because he feels like she's
lost when you watch this film what comes
to my mind is the parable the story it's
not a parable of Jesus and the woman
who's taken in adultery I'm sure you all
know the stories they bring her the
scribes and the Pharisees bring her to
Jesus and say you should should she be
stoned and he says well yeah but he who
is without sin throw the first stone and
everybody goes home of course and then
he says you know to the woman he says go
and sin no more and it's an amazing
story it's not in the earliest Gospels
it's not in the earliest copies that we
have of the Gospels and so there are
people this very day someone they write
who want it removed from that's in the
Gospel of John they weren't removed from
the Gospel of John they say well it's
not in the earliest editions the
earliest you know copies that we have so
therefore it's not real and they
actually want to take it out of the
Gospels there's a whole other school
that said this says finds very very
early references it's not in the Gospels
they're very early references to the
event itself so it's in texts that very
close to the event people saying that
this woman was brought before the Lord
and that basically telling the story
even though it's not the John version so
I it seems really clear to me that it
was actually edited out not that it was
edited in and the reason it was edited
out I think is pretty obvious that it
offends it's offensive to everybody if
you are a leftist and you hear that this
woman has been brought to be stoned by
adultery you say oh this is so
judgmental there shouldn't be adultery
there shouldn't even be marriage you
know it's all this is just these are
just cultural constructs the construct
of sin you know what do we do gonna
stone people look at this this evil
thing that's been stoned if you're on
the right though there's also this
argument well if you let her off the
hook for her adultery then adultery will
be without a price and there
where marriage will fall apart marriage
is one of the pillars of society and
therefore society will fall apart fall
apart you know that's how conservatives
thinks they do think that way and Jesus
says you know it is a sin that he is
with who is without sin throw the first
stone and I really do feel that that
idea that idea that the moral universe
is there but it can only be understood
through love and compassion it can only
be understood by including ourself in
our condemnation and really not judging
judging not lest we be judged which is
is the one thing that Jesus said that
would have gotten crucified would get
him crucified this very day not by the
left but by everybody you know when you
say judge not lest you be judged people
go nuts and when I point out that he
really meant it he meant that he meant
that you cannot judge a person's state
before God and when he said you know
take out the plank out of your own eye
before you remove the mote out of
another person's like he actually meant
that he meant that you should do that
that's a lifelong occupation taking the
plank out of your own eye and when you
see the way that parable plays out in
the searchers with John Wayne it is a
heartbreaking heart-wrenching story that
that really does speak about how the
philosophy and outlook of Jesus Christ
imbues the arts of the West it is really
worth watching that's it this Cleveland
this weekend begins doesn't it this is
this is Thursday yeah I'm kind of
confused cuz I'm flying around but this
is the Clavin this weekend I don't know
what I can do I can do no more for you
hold your breath hide you know keep away
from the riots and all that stuff and
those of you who survived gather with me
again on Monday and I will be back I'm
Andrew Clavin
this is the Andrew Clavin show
the Andrew Clavin show is produced by
Robert Sterling executive producer
Jeremy boring senior producer Jonathan
hey our supervising producer is Mathis
Glover and our technical producer is
Austin Stevens edited by Emily J audio
is mixed by Mike kameena hair and makeup
is by Joshua alvera the Andrew Clavin
show is a daily wire for word publishing
production copyright for word publishing
you
