the man who inspired the phrase fake but
accurate says Donald Trump is Orwellian
that's right I'm talking about dan
Rather
he's the CBS anchor man who was so full
of anti Republican hatred that he
sacrificed his career and reputation by
using forged documents in an attempt to
prove that President George W Bush had
gotten up through some minor mischief in
the year 1973 and now he's criticizing
the current president for not being
truthful speaking in his trademark
down-home style in an attempt to make
himself seem something other than a
reptilian Democrat mouthpiece rather
said quote you might find this as ironic
as a horny toad on a saddle stirrup at
the break of dawn but I think President
Trump is as Orwellian as a dust storm on
a West Texas prairie on a July day in
1893 unquote Rather's attempt slide 2 HW
Bush was made into a movie by Robert
Redford the film was called truth
because it was about lies which left us
called truth because Trump is Orwellian
MSNBC anchorman Brian Williams joined in
the Rather's attack saying quote trust
Dan I trust Dan Rather because we were
both war correspondents back when I
single-handedly defeated saurons attack
against the kingdom of Gondor if Trump
is an Orwellian and I'm not James Bond
unquote rather responded to Williams
saying quote Brian's words touch my
heart like a drop of Jim Beam on the
luscious lips of an underage girl I
never went anywhere near unquote Brian
Anderson responded by saying quote I'm
as grateful for his remarks as I was
that time I flew my biplane into the
underside of an spaceship in the
devastating invasion of Earth unquote
with that the two men went on blithering
inline until Robert Redford announced he
was going to portray them both in a
sequel to truth entitled no really
this time it really is the truth because
Trump is or William trigger warning I'm
Andrew Clayton and this is the Andrew
Clavin show
tickety-boo so we need also sing see top
see lower the zip it easy
that was the weirdest opening ever
that's who who writes the stuff oh I do
it I guess that explains it they're the
mailbag is tomorrow is it not
the mailbag is tomorrow therefore you
must get your questions in today if you
want your problems to be solved I mean
you want to sit there and live with your
problems forever or or you go on the
daily wire.com you hit the podcast
button you hit the Andrew Cleveland
podcast then hit the mailbag picture and
put in your questions but but you have
to subscribe for a lousy 10 bucks a
month or a hundred bucks for the whole
year you can ask me questions about your
personal life about politics about
religion I will answer and my answers
are guaranteed 100% correct and will
change your life now and then for the
better
the rest of the time you're screwed also
we have Alan Dershowitz coming up in an
interview really interesting interview I
I have to say that it was a genuinely
fascinating interview because the guy is
a liberal he's a stone liberal but he is
appearing on Fox News because the left
has gone so far down the drain that he
cannot follow them with it you know that
reminds me we should be talking also
about helix sleep now
for me it should be called helix awake
because I never sleep but when you never
sleep it's all the more important that
you're comfortable you're lying there
staring up at the ceiling wondering
about the big existential questions you
want to feel good right and not
everybody's different so you don't want
to have the same mattress the same
pillow as everybody else working with
the world's leading sleep experts helix
sleep developed a mattresses customized
to your specific height weight and sleep
preferences so you can have the best
sleep of your life or in my case the
best awake night of your life at an
unbeatable price here's how it works go
to helix sleep calm fill out there two
minutes sleep quiz and they'll design
your custom mattress they can even
customize each side of your mattress for
you and a partner the all new pillows
are fully adjustable so you can achieve
perfect comfort regardless of sleep
position or body type I have one of
those and they are great they really are
go to helix sleep calm slash Clavin
right now and you'll get up to 125 bucks
toward your mattress order that's helix
sleep calm slash Clavin for up
125 dollars off your mattress order
helix sleep comm slash Clavin and while
I'm wide awake I freed it frequently say
to myself how do you spell Clavin and
this is the answer that comes back to
say you spoke all right you know in my
business the business of being a
freelance writer you do a lot of weeding
this is really true you do a lot of
waiting because you send things in to
your editor or your agent and you have
to wait to hear a back a response even
giving your wife something my wife is my
first and my best editor and even when I
give her something to read I do a lot of
waiting you're waiting to hear what she
has to say and we have a saying in my
house my wife and I which is that what
happens is as you wait things become
distorted as you wait for news things
become distorted you start to think well
you know it's taken them two weeks to
get back to me maybe they hate it maybe
they can't tell me or maybe they maybe
they haven't even read it because I
don't care about me and maybe they don't
you know you start like your mind goes a
little crazy and so my wife and I have
this slogan no news is no news so it you
know people will say no news is good
news we say no news is known as if you
don't have anything to say there's
nothing to say
so right now deep into the summer we're
heading deep into the summer there is no
news there is like nothing here is
happening and so everything gets
distorted everything that people say
gets blown out so yesterday I think it
was yeah I think was yesterday Trump was
saying oh you know I would be willing
yeah he met with the Italian Prime
Minister and they both are very big on
keeping the control over their borders
and he made some comment like
oh yeah if I don't get a border wall I
would shut down the government and today
unlike a front page of the magazines and
on the big op-eds you know Trump it will
has destroyed the chances of Congress
for the midterms of Republicans keeping
hold of Congress for the midterms by
shutting down the government by
threatening to shut that he's not gonna
shut down the government before the
midterms was he an idiot of course he's
not gonna do that people get really
ticked off on the government shutdown
and it really depends who gets the blame
but if you say I'm going to let the
government shutdown and then the
government shuts down you'll probably
get the blame so he's not gonna do that
so it's like a non-story but you have to
listen to it then Rudy Giuliani usually
I'm beginning to wonder a little bit if
he's drinking a little bit of what Nancy
Pelosi is drinking cuz he comes like I
mean Rudy Rudy is one of my heroes by
the way cuz he cleaned up New York like
Wyatt Earp and Dodge City and I don't
care what anybody says I mean when he
went into that town it was a crime
ridden cesspit of a town I was there I
know when he left it was the greatest
city on earth I mean when he left it was
the greatest cleanest safest city on
earth
so he's a hero but he's always been a
little loopy and he was on TV yesterday
saying Trump is not going because it
Trump is not guilty of collusion and
collusion is not a crime anyway I'm not
even know if that's a crime colluding
about Russians okay you start you start
analyzing the crime the hacking is the
crime course not that's the original a
the baguette and as you know it has led
the meeting with the Russian if you've
got the hacked information from the
Russians here at CNN he you played it
would you be in jeopardy of going to
jail
of course not people who say well if
it's he's not guilty of collusion what
is the difference does it make if it's a
crime it doesn't make it he's just
talking off the top of his head and he's
blithering and everything we're so
there's this stuff that is passing for
news so let us not waste our time with
some of this stuff because it really I
want to look at something because you
know why not one of the ways one of the
chief ways that the left has secured the
narrative is with the charge of racism
is charging people with racism and even
brave speakers of truth grow pale when
they are threatened with charges of
racism it cost you your job it cost you
your respect people parse every little
thing well you know he did say you know
you you're out of your cotton-picking
mind and slaves picked cotton
so maybe you know it's all nonsense but
this is what they do there is an article
in the New York Times op-ed page today
that tells you everything you need to
know by accident by accident reveals
everything you need to know about the
way the left thinks about racism and
it's on the page that I like to call
knucklehead row so let us take a trip to
knucklehead row at the New York Times
so it is it is kind of ironic that the
Democrats are the ones who are
constantly harping on racism this is the
party of slavery is the party of the KKK
it's the party of segregation it's the
party of the high-crime black
neighborhoods and cities and the high
illa jism C rates which were spawned by
Democrat welfare policies and they're
gonna preach to us on race now you know
I'm not I know
dinesh d'souza sort of holds them kind
of says they're still the same people
and no I'm not accusing them with still
being the KKK I'm not accusing them that
it does sometimes occur to me that maybe
their obsession with race is partly out
of guilt
maybe it's partly a guilt reaction
because of their own history as a truly
a racist party and their narrative of
course that the script has flipped and
now we're the races is utterly untrue
there is a piece in The New York Times
today by a woman named Margaret wrinkle
who writes about the south for the New
York Times because they need somebody to
cover the south because they've never
seen the south or been anywhere but
outside of 57th Street it's called how
to talk to a racist and she starts out
the subhead is white liberals you're
doing it all wrong so let's just start
there why is it a white liberal who is
talking to racists why isn't it what do
we on the conservative side do we not
talk to races and try to convince them
not to be racist a we when we see a
racist I good give me some of that
racism I love it because I'm a
conservative I'm a conservative and I
want some racism no you know but that's
her immediately her assumptions the only
person who would be trying to convince
her races not to be racist got to be a
liberal got to be a liberal all right so
here let me read some of this because
it's just so packed with arrogant
sequestered small-minded liberal
thinking all right there are stains
there still and she's writing from
Dateline Nashville there's still white
Southerners who honestly believe that
American culture worked better for
everyone white and black alike under
segregation they're still white
Southerners who questioned how bad
slavery really was when enslaved black
person's health and strength are needed
to guarantee the slaveholders livelihood
this argument goes it just wouldn't make
sense to whip them or starve them or
rape them or work them to the point of
collapse now I believe this I believe
there are people who
believe this I there people who believe
just about anything and this is some of
the stupid stuff you sometimes hear from
people saying you know slavery wasn't as
bad as people say it was or the workers
and the north were treated just as badly
and all this stuff you know but slavery
as I've said wasn't evil because of the
whipping and raping they had to whip and
rape the people because slavery was evil
same thing with socialism socialism
doesn't devolve into tyranny is it isn't
evil because it devolves into tyranny it
devolves into tyranny because it's evil
socialism is evil by its philosophy the
same thing is true of slavery so anyway
I believe her so far there are true
bigots in the world and true people who
invent these silly narratives to get rid
of the sins of the past she says I have
exhausted my ability to understand why
deep into the 21st century I'm still
hearing otherwise good-hearted people
use the same arguments that white
Southerners used to discredit Uncle
Tom's Cabin more than 150 years ago it
couldn't possibly have been that bad
they say but it but worse in many ways
are the white people who will tell you
point-blank that the world today the
world they actually live in and can see
with their own eyes can't possibly be as
unfair as black people say it is okay
grab this next sentence maybe this is
what happens when a person's only news
source is the alternative universe of
Fox and Friends so that's what makes you
they're talking about people who think
that slavery wasn't all that bad and
segregation wasn't all that bad that's
on Fox and Friends that I mean Knowles
is on Fox surprise that's where that's
the burbling source of bigotry in our
country is Fox and Frances you ever seen
shit watch Fox and Friends I mean all
right you know it's the assumption if
liberalism is the party of anti racism
then conservatism must be racism boy oh
boy I can't wait to hear how she's gonna
talk to me about my racism I can't wait
for her advice on what she's gonna do
now she she says all these people are
racist the people who say these things
are racist but they don't believe they
are they don't know that they're racist
and you can't write them off because if
you scream at them and call them white
supremacist they're not going to change
their mind so what to do what to do
and she says here's the thing prejudice
is in dem
to humanity itself okay human beings are
tribal creatures we trust the familiar
and are drawn to it we distrust the
unfamiliar and keep our distance
white people liberal and conservative
often claim not to notice another
person's race but it's just not true so
follow you why is it only white people
then if it's all human beings or black
people not human beings if it's
everybody it's everybody we all have the
same problem all right but not to her
this is only about white people we're
hardwired to recognize difference and to
view it as an aberration I'm talking
only about garden-variety prejudice the
difference between an unconscious
liberal racist and an unconscious
conservative racist is only a matter of
degree not of kind ah the difference
between an unconscious liberal racism so
in other words we're both racist but the
conservative is more racist okay she
says what about the grumpy old neighbor
I'm not talking about evil racist he's
talking about people who can be saved
okay let's hear the people who can be
saved the grumpy old neighbor who voted
for Donald Trump out of frustration with
Washington he's your first races the
high school classmate who posts an
a-bomb ago Khan Facebook eraser I mean
he's black you don't like him it must be
because he's black you're racist
here's another one another person who
might be you might be able to save this
person from her racism the white woman
on the plane who tenses up when a
middle-eastern man sits down in the seat
beside her why on earth would anyone
tense up when a middle-eastern man sits
down on a seat beside you with a shoebox
muttering Allahu Akbar and a clock
that's ticking oh you know I mean she
says try not to give up on these people
yet do not give up on the Trump voter do
not give up on the person who makes an
Obama joke on Facebook I mean can you
imagine the depths of racism it takes to
make an Obama joke on Facebook and how
amazingly it's just amazing and by the
way the thing about the Muslims she's
talking about when she says a Middle
Eastern person she means Muslim ideas
are not a race okay Rd ideas are not a
race all right she says before you say a
single word to these poor benighted
racist conservatives think of all the
times you made an assumption think about
all the times you
made an assumption about a stranger that
proved to be untrue God knows you might
have even thought of an Obama joke
think of the times you found yourself
feeling uneasy and the company of
strangers of another race think about
how you were forced to interrogate that
uneasiness think of the plank in your
own eye start there I mean this is an
unbelievable piece about just assuming
that people who disagree with you anyone
who would make an Obama if you disliked
Obama it had to be because of his race
it's the only reason it wouldn't be
because he said he's gonna fundamentally
transform the greatest country on earth
wouldn't be because he was a communist
who have socialist I should say who
wanted to redistribute wealth who said
you know you want to spread the wealth
around wouldn't be because he corrupted
the IRS and the State Department and the
Justice Department know all that stuff
was fine it's just a brown I couldn't
stand it was just that skull skin color
that drove me unbelievable and if you
want to see where they get this stuff
and where it plays out let us turn to
our old friends at CNN Don Lemon who I
think is the biggest race baiter in the
country who has a show of his own okay I
mean and I'm not talking about YouTube
shows I'm sure there are people saying
horrible things on YouTube but this
isn't saying he plays with he had an
interview with LeBron James and LeBron
James a couple of years ago maybe a year
ago a couple years ago at somebody
vandalized his home here in LA and I
brought the n-word on his garage
I think obviously an act of criminality
and just absolutely disgusting we can
all agree on this so here is LeBron
James talking about this cut for know if
I was hurt I don't know if I was
disappointed was there's so many
different emotions more importantly it
was the conversation that I had to have
with my boys that uh that it was that
hurt me but at the same time it also
invited me no matter how big you can
become no matter how successful you are
no matter what you do in the community
no matter what you're doing your
profession you know being
african-american in America is always
tough and they always gonna let you know
that you are too n-word no matter who
you are and that was just a reset now I
gotta say obviously this it's very
upsetting that a guy of this level I
mean a man of true excellence and hard
work and it was
such an entertaining athlete should be
attacked like that it's disgusting but
to blame it on America is really going a
little bit far I mean is that really
true you know certainly I've been
attacked for my race I know been has
been attacked viciously for his race you
know I mean I think that there's racism
in the world and I simply think when you
put the word America in front of
everything it always seems like we
somehow or worse a criminal got to his
house a criminal got to his house
criminals get to white people's house as
well we will say all kinds of terrible
things and do all kinds of terrible
things to people it's the it's the
extrapolation the generalization that I
don't like and then of course he blames
it on Trump this is cut number three you
know we are in a position right now in
America more importantly where this
whole this race thing is it's taken over
you know and and because one because I
believe our president is kind of trying
to divide us but I think kinda yeah
it's not almost a kind of dividing us
and what I noticed over the last few
months that he's kind of used sport to
kind of divide us and I and that's
something that I can't relate to because
I know that sport was the first time I
ever was around someone white you know
and I and I and I got an opportunity to
see them and learn about them and they
got an opportunity to learn about me and
we became very good friends and I was
like oh wow this is all because of
sports and sports has never been
something that divide people it's always
been something that brings someone
together well you know I agree with that
but I don't see why Donald Trump why is
it Donald Trump that you know is
dividing people I mean it wasn't it
divisive when they stopped standing up
for the flag I mean isn't that a
generally accepted thing that we all
stand up for the flag business
everybody's flag I mean this was my
complaint about the NFL when they
allowed players under their guys
standing there speaking essentially for
the NFL to diss the flag was the reason
the very reason my black neighbor can
come to me and say I'm not being treated
fairly is because we understand as
Americans what fairness means it's as
Americans that we come together it's not
you know it's not the sport that brings
us together it's the ideas of America
that bring us together
and if those ideas are being violated
I'm not uh it's not like you can't reach
me if that if you say that if you can
tell me oh in my neighborhood the cops
are doing such and so and
and they're treating us unfairly it's
not like I'm not gonna respond to that
but you're appealing to me under the
flag so don't diss the flag while you're
doing it that's the thing that brings us
together it's not the sport I found this
a little disappointing because I really
admire LeBron James I thought you know
Hank Aaron I don't know how many people
remember Hank Aaron a great great
baseball player for the Atlanta Braves
broke Babe Ruth's homerun record and he
suffered some racism while he was doing
his way back in the day and and there
were some people who didn't want a black
man to get the homerun record but most
of us were mesmerized I mean he was
another one of these great great
athletes who just hammered those home
runs day after day after day had the
greatest risks and I ever saw in
baseball greatest swing I ever saw and
then years later I heard him interviewed
and he said he saved a box of all the
racist letters he got and I thought
really I thought why didn't you save a
box of all the cheers
you got like a well and I know negative
things hit you harder than positive
things and I'm not blaming the guy for
it I just found it disappointing that he
did so much to sort of bring people
together with his achievement that all
he got out of it were these few people
these few knuckleheads who were hating
on him you know but Don Lemon Don Lemon
is not like good enough to be on
television she really isn't he's not
good enough at his job to be on
television he's a knucklehead and he is
indeed a race baiter and he goes off and
he says all these people who say that
it's not so bad because by the way my
problem with what LeBron said is that
that the race division got worse under
Obama because Obama used it to cover up
his failures oh did I just make a joke
about Obama on Facebook oh my goodness
gracious listen to the way Don Lemon
sells this thing I know people like
watch and they say why are you guys
talking about race you race baiting
about it's not that bad
it is that bad and stop saying that
start examining yourself why don't you
want to talk about it maybe I should be
more open to talk about it maybe I
shouldn't learn more about my neighbors
of color or people who are not like me
what is it that I don't know what is it
that I'm not exposed to what am I not
learning rather than every single time
saying there is no racism it's all
behind us slavery was a long time ago
that's all really if you're watching at
home and you're saying that and why is
he curse oh I know is cursing because
there's one left this curse that's how
you know to take them seriously because
if you just listen to their ideas you'd
think there were knuckleheads you know
but when they curse they really mean it
so you know look first of all it's not
that bad I know this because I've been
alive for a long time I remember when it
was bad I remember when it was that bad
it is not that bad that said that said I
just want to add that I understand that
the life of a black person in America it
may well be different than the life of a
white person in America it may be
difficult just like the life of a Jew I
think it's different than the life of a
Christian in America I've been both and
I can testify that in fact it is it is
different to be a Jew than it is to be
white and I get it you know it's not
it's not that I think things are perfect
that that's absurd I just think it's it
is not that bad if you're constantly
bringing it up your other one who's
opening the wound all the time we have
some responsibilities you know we you
know my feelings about this you know my
feelings about racism I believe it's not
that I believe that man was made in the
image of God it's that man was made in
the image of God it doesn't has nothing
to do with what I believe it's just the
truth I mean it's not just in the Bible
own nature for claims that man is made
in the image of God when you hate on
somebody for his race you are slapping
the image of God in the kisser I mean
you are spitting on the image of God
which go right ahead just to sit too
close to me when you do it but but that
you know I I truly believe that now I
see and I think it is you know whenever
somebody starts whispering in your ear
this crap genetic stuff people you know
don't have PhDs and genetics sort of
whispering this stuff into your ear
about genetics or about IQ and all that
stuff
yeah you know that that is that is
garbage you should really read Bill
McGurn William McGurn in The Wall Street
Journal has a piece about the cardinal
Theodore McCarrick mckarrick who was
just thrown out of the College of
Cardinals because it came out that he
molested an altar boy as well as
another teen and he was doing a lot of
this terrible stuff and he points out
that when a priest does wrong it gives
credence to materialism that just like
the guy who was selling indulgences back
in the 16th century gave power to Martin
Luther to start the Reformation but he
was just a guy he wasn't doing what the
Catholic he wasn't doing official
Catholic doctrine just like that when
these guys rape people essentially and
when the church covers it up it gives
credence to the opposite side the
materialists who say that man is just a
here let me read it he says you know in
our day the battle is no longer between
competing versions of Christianity it's
not even so much about God though it's
often characterized that way the real
fight has to do with who's right about
the reality of the human person those
who posit him as but a physical
combination of matter and energy or
those who believe hit him as the eighth
psalm puts it only a little lower than
the angels and the way people are
treated has a lot to do with the way we
think of them so we do it is inherent it
is incumbent upon us to make sure that
we're not racist but it is not incumbent
upon us to live by the standards of the
left that making a joke about Obama's
racist crap that's being nervous about
Muslims on planes is racist that's
garbage
it's not incumbent upon us to do that -
using a phrase that they don't like like
cotton pickin my out of your
cotton-picking mind that that's racist
is not incumbent upon us it is incumbent
upon us yes to make sure that our hearts
are true and that we're not hateful but
it is not incumbent upon us to pay
attention to their nonsense they set the
rules and all that means is they think
their politics is anti-racist and ours
is racist and that is garbage all right
we got alan dershowitz coming up really
interesting interview got to say goodbye
to facebook and youtube come on over the
daily wire.com and while you're there
subscribe so that you can dance ask some
questions for tomorrow's mailbag hit the
podcast button hit Andrew Klavan
podcasts hit the mailbag ask any
question you want I will answer as many
as I can and my answers are guaranteed
correct and will change your life for
the better wait and see my friends
all right alan dershowitz one of most
famous lawyers in the world he's a
professor of law at Harvard University
he's been called one of the nation's
most distinguished defenders of
individual rights he's got a new book
out called the case against impeaching
Trump and it is getting him in trouble
with his former liberal friends he says
it seeks to reorient the debate over
impeachment to the same standard that he
has continued to uphold for decades the
law of the United States of America as
established by the Constitution this is
not your usual flash-in-the-pan
drive-by interview there's a really
in-depth interview and really
interesting take a listen
Alan Dershowitz thanks so much for being
here I appreciate it
thank you so your new book let's start
with your new book it's called the case
against impeaching Trump it has one of
my favorite reviews ever on Amazon I
haven't read this book but the very
title is offensive what is the case
again why should we not even beach Trump
well first of all you should see the
reviews tend to be either 5 stars or no
stars depending on whether you're a
Republican or a Democrat I'm actually
looking for some five stars from
Democrats because I started to write
this book when the Republicans were
screaming lock her up and impeach
Clinton remember the Republicans were
planning started impeachment campaign
the day Hillary Clinton was sworn in and
I saw I started writing and talking
about this issue to defend Hillary
Clinton in fact I would have written the
same book at Hillary Clinton been
elected president and was she impeached
in fact to make that point the publisher
came up with a mock title and a mock
cover well the case against impeaching
hillary clinton uh and and so you know i
started doing this research Lily back
when Bill Clinton was impeached I helped
advise part of his legal team and I did
the research and came to the conclusion
was then against the weight of the
evidence of scholarship that in order to
impeach the president you had to prove
them committed an actual thought he the
treason of bribery or other high crimes
and misdemeanors and misdemeanors meant
serious crimes that affect office
holding and the ability to hold an
office and I rejected the possibly the
concept of Gerald for that impeachment
was
house as it is or maxi quarter who says
there's no law it's this is whatever the
house want today no the law is very
clear you need two-thirds of the vote in
the Senate based on fulfilling the
criteria in the Constitution that's not
a liberal Democrat liberal conservative
conservative Republican issue
that's a constitutionally to applying
equally to liberals and conservatives
today the Republicans are trying to
impeach rod Rosen sting and I wrote an
op-ed saying no you can't do that
you haven't charged them with any crimes
and you're actually playing into the
hands of your opponents because the
neutral and he threw out roses in
finance criminal conduct that will be
used as a precedent to try to impeach
Trump for non criminal conduct so I
think everybody should support my
position that it should be very hard to
remove a duly elected official does this
imply an attitude toward the Moller
investigation does it imply that you
don't see much there there that there's
not going to be a high crime or
misdemeanor coming out of that
investigation well today's New York
Times reports that they're trying to
stitch together quote stitch together an
obstruction case from tweets and
conversations that's every civil
libertarians nightmare any civil
libertarian should be concerned when the
government is trying to stitch something
together from public tweets I don't know
whether they'll find anything but I
don't think they'll find a quote real
crime I have been opposed to the
appointments of special counsel since
the experience with Bill Clinton when
they started out with whitewater and
ended up with an oval office you know a
perjury charge and so this is a
long-standing opposition I think it
would have been much better to have this
investigation conducted by a nonpartisan
expert Commission of the kind that was
appointed after 911 without
finger-pointing but stopping the Russian
from intruding on elections this
election 2015 was a disaster for now we
have Thome possibly influencing us and
we have Russians influencing the elected
we have charges that there was voter
fraud there should have been a general
nonpartisan
to avoid recurrence of these problems
the Fed has cleared us long ruled
that's what FBI directors to say what
Attorneys General could say to make sure
that we're insulated from influence for
Russia all of those things would have
been better instead of operating behind
the closed doors of the grand jury and
trying to stitch together a case out of
constitutionally protected activities do
you give any credence to Trump's
complaint that there's at least the
appearance of bias with the what does
you call them the 13 angry Democrats or
whatever he calls them and struck and
page and all this to you do you believe
your yourself do you perceive bias in
this team I don't think there's any
partisan bias I don't think that they
care whether it hurts Democrats or
Republicans I know that Muller and Thome
are non partisan they may not like Trump
personally but their non partisan they
don't prefer Democrats over Republicans
Republicans over Democrats so I think it
misconceives it to say that there are 12
angry Democrats Democrats can do
complete justice who you vote for has
nothing to do with what kind of fairness
you can have but struck is a different
story
the struck said we have to do something
we have to stop this man from being
president
we need an insurance policy we'll stop
them
that's the kind of attitude that could
result in refusal structure have
realized that he has sent some news that
he should have recused himself from the
investigation at the very beginning he
didn't do you know a million years ago
back in the 1980s I was a low-level
writer at ABC Radio News Network and I
interviewed you and I remember you at
the time were kind of a liberal icon you
were the guy that we turned to for the
look what the hell happened to you no
okay no liberal I thought what's
happened to the Liberals they have
stopped being liberals when it comes to
Donald Trump they stopped being civil
libertarians look my positions haven't
changed I support a woman's right to
choose I'm in favor of gay marriage I'm
in favor of gun control I'm in favor of
fair taxation I'm in favor of health
care fraud as possible
I don't like what Trump said at
Charlotte Berg I don't like what he says
about immigration I'm still a liberal
but I'm a civil libertarian first and as
a civil libertarian I had to spend Nazis
I defend communists I defend OJ Simpson
I defend the most despised people and
the most despised pauses because my
civil libertarian ISM come before my
liberalism I'm the civil libertarian
whether it hurts liberals or health
levels whether it hurts conservative or
help conservative my own personal
political views I'm a centrist civil
libertarian liberal I want to see the
country move away from extremes on both
sides and to the center those are my
personal political views but they don't
influence the cases I think they're the
forces I defend when it comes to civil
liberty when you say you have pointed
out that the ACLU for instance has
abandoned the defense of free speech
which is their baby their hallmark
you've just said that the left has moved
away from civil libertarianism is there
something in current leftism that forces
them to move away from civil libertarian
isn't it is it just an accident or is it
part of their philosophy oh no I don't
think it has anything to do with the
philosophy it has to do with money
usually things have to do with money
when Trump got elected the a CEO you got
a bonanza they raise their budget from I
think 30 million to 130 million dollars
everybody joined the ACLU because they
wanted to get Trump which meant that the
ACLU had a prioritize getting Trump over
for civil liberties it also means they
attract a lot more people from the hard
left who have no sympathy for civil
liberties who don't care about speech on
college campuses as long as it's the
only conservative being centered you
know I grew up during McCarthyism I
hated communism but I defended the
rights of communists to speak on campus
I defended the rights of Nazis the march
in Skokie Illinois that's who I am and
people hate me when I do that my mother
wouldn't talk to me whose side are you
on the Jews or the Nazis my university
president wouldn't write me a
recommendation for law school because he
thought I was a communist sympathizer
people don't understand what it means to
be a civil libertarian it means to
defend people you disagree with it
HL Mencken said first they come after
the SOB
they establish the Presidents on their
back then they come after the rest of us
I'm there to stop that knot wouldn't you
say I mean this is obviously in the
great American tradition John Adams at
the you know Boston Massacre defending
the British but wouldn't you say though
that this tradition is now more alive on
the right am I wrong about that I mean I
see you on Fox News where they're happy
to talk to you but they're also happy to
talk to to leftist they're more leftist
on Fox News
then there are right-wingers on CNN well
I'm one of the very very few people who
refuses to be paid by any of the
stations I'm routinely both on CNN MSNBC
and Fox the SEC bullets straight right
down the middle I have to tell you I do
think today the Conservatives moderate
conservatives a more sympathetic to
issues of free speech and due process
maybe because it benefits them is
they're the ones who've being censored
they're the ones who are being accused
and they want to process so for me it's
always across the board
I always applied to chew on the other
foot test if the shoe were on the other
foot were conservatives who were
limiting liberals what would I be saying
the same thing I wrote a book called
supreme injustice really against the
Supreme Court in Bush versus war because
the Justice didn't pass the shoe on the
other foot test if it had been but gore
versus bush they would never have
stopped the recount they did it because
they were conservative Republicans not
because the Constitution demanded it so
I demand neutral application of civil
liberties in full context and that gets
me in trouble today when I wrote it off
an article saying that rod Rhodes is
being shouldn't be impeached the right
wing jumped all over me oh you don't
know what you're talking about forty-two
P&P he's terribly done terrible things
they making the same arguments against
resisting death less is making it well
I'm right wing but I completely agree
with you I thought there was a total
mistake trying to impeach him let's
let's talk about this vendetta against
Trump which I obviously it's not a
vendetta from everyone who opposes him
but there isn't a vendetta
when Michael Cohen tapes his client and
then that tape gets released
is that not problematic is it just me
who's appalled it's you and me but no
but
I was on CNN last night saying you have
to find out who leaked that tape it's a
terrible thing to have lawyer-client
conversations leaked and everybody who
say oh no that's not the issue that's
not the issue yes that is the issue that
affects all of us is if you can leak
lawyer-client confidentially
priest-penitent confidences psychiatrist
patient confidences doctors confidences
we have to protect confidences that's a
civil liberties issue and I'm gonna
stand up for any civil liberties issue
no matter who it hurts or who would help
but didn't didn't Trump essentially
waive attorney-client privilege or did
he do that afterward after we waived
after it was leaked he waived it because
it was leaked Giuliani made that point
very clearly and when you look at when
you look at it the fact this very fact I
know it's legal to tape somebody in New
York but it should should a lawyer be
taping his client without no I know it
no of course I've never taped the client
and 53 years of practice and the idea of
then after it being faked somehow it
being leaked that's has to be
investigated and looked into everybody
says that's beside the point
but it isn't beside the point today you
can't get an issue to be considered
unless any that helps one side hurts the
other side this helps all Americans but
it doesn't either advantage the
Republicans or the Democrats and
nobody's interested you know as a right
winger it seems to me that the treatment
the Trump is getting is a little bit
more extreme but not of a different kind
than the treatment given to Mitt Romney
who was accused of every memory minor
thing he did probably one of the most
moral men who ever ran for president and
he made every little thing was blown
into a scandal george w bush the same
thing the first two years of his
administration one fake scandal after
another when you look at Trump as a
liberal as a classical liberal when you
look at Donald Trump is he such an
anomaly that he did the panic is
justified he's different than any other
president in the sense that he has
coarsened the dialog he talks in a way
that no other president has ever spoken
both when he knows he's being reported
and when he doesn't know he's being
reported that's had an impact on
people's perceptions of them but it's
not impeachable and it's not a crime I'm
not here to defend President
Trump's policies I'm here to defend his
legal and constitutional rights and
that's all I care about the legal and
constitutional right you want to attack
him you want to criticize them that's
political that's what America is all
about but you know people say stuff that
we have to suspend civil liberties
because prompted no no no no I remember
when they said the Japanese invasion is
different we have to put 110 thousand
American citizens and I remember when
they said Tommy there's no difference
when we have to have McCarthyism I
remember when they said terrorism is
different so we have to suspend people's
civil liberties I've lived through all
of those Trump's not that different will
survive my system effective balances is
working and it's working well and we
dare not compromise anyone civil
liberties because we don't like the
particular president this was good today
for the Democrats will be used against
the Democrats in year one last question
when you look at college campuses and
you see guys like my friend ben shapiro
getting shouted down and rant
Tifa going after people with sticks and
masks do you have optimism that we can
correct course and return to the kind of
philosophy which is the philosophy I
remember as kind of representing what
America was no matter which side you
were on
can we return to that philosophy or have
we totally lost the plot I think there's
a risk that we can lose it because we're
educating young students who are going
to be our future leaders not to tolerate
different ideas I experienced that on
Martha's Vineyard when I wrote my book
and talked about civil liberties people
said we do not want to talk to
Dershowitz a campaign was begun to try
not to talk to me and to try to create
an atmosphere where I was regarded as
outside the pale in fact what we did we
came up with a special cover for my book
for Martha's Vineyard brown paper
wrapper like we need to put a little
pornographic books that we read kids and
it's called the Martha's Vineyard
edition you can read it on the beach
without anybody knowing you're reading
my book basic essa' beachy stuff that's
how bad it's we thought that's really
funny well you should try working
Hollywood as a conservative alan
dershowitz the author of the case
against impeaching trump thanks very
much for coming on I really appreciate
it
really enjoyed talking to him it was
very very intelligent civilized human
being sexual follies
so here's something to two stories I
just would like to run by you new
research from the US Census Bureau that
compared the earnings between husbands
and wives and the current population
found that men and women both lie about
their salaries if the wives earn more
both men and women lie about their
salaries if the wives earn more and add
that to another story when a woman out
earns a man in a heterosexual
relationship it can influence more than
just who's in charge of the household
finances according to farnoosh Torabi
author of when she makes more 10 rules
for bread women winning women in
relationships with a woman is the
breadwinner both men and women are more
likely to cheat a 2010 study conducted
by Cornell University looked at 18 to 28
year old married and cohabiting couples
who had been together for more than a
year and found that men who were
entirely dependent on their female
partners salary were five times more
likely to cheat than men who made an
equal amount of money maybe because
their pimps no that's right but but if
if you are women who rely entirely on a
man's salary are half as likely to cheat
as women who earn the same amount as
their partner so obviously this is a
case of nature thrown out the door
coming back in through the window it's
like you know the rest this is what
people don't understand the reason men
work is because women have children that
is the reason men work I mean if if
women didn't have children do you think
men would go out and earn money you know
they think they build cities do you
think they invent computers all that
stuff they did because women have
children to protect women to build the
world for women to build a world around
women and I get it I get it the world is
fun the world that men made in order to
surround women has a lot of fun stuff in
it things have changed and all that
stuff but you know everything the thingy
I guess that gets me about this is
everything feminists tell you will make
you happy makes them happy and you
miserable that's what I'm saying if you
left a lie
about who's making what money if you're
cheating on your spouse because of the
money you make everything feminists told
you was gonna make you happy
makes them happy but makes you miserable
and that's something you should remember
the next time you see a feminist mouth
you know every time a feminist mouth
moving an angel loses its wings it's
like you're going that what they're
telling you makes them happy you
miserable
all right the mailbag is tomorrow do not
miss it because you'll still have your
problems if you miss it I mean if you
hear it all your problems will be gone
I'm Andrew Clavin this is the Andrew
Clavin show the Andrew Clavin show is
produced by Robert Sterling executive
producer Jeremy boring senior producer
Jonathan hey our supervising producer is
Mathis Glover and our technical producer
is Austin Stevens edited by Emily J
audio is mixed by Mike Carmina hair and
makeup is by Joshua alvera the Andrew
Clavin show is a daily
you
