as the only authorized manufacturers
have left is tears tumblers in the world
I think it is important that we finally
stand up here at the Daily wire and do
our environmental duty to help save the
planet with an important public service
announcement when you're drinking salty
and delicious leftist tears from our
tumblr please be sure always to use a
plastic straw maybe use two of them for
one it will prevent the salty tears from
staining your teeth and that's very
important but two it will help to save
the planet and shrink the non-existent
garbage island in the Pacific Ocean
while polar bears don't starve in the
Arctic fracking doesn't poison water
wells and electric cars kill people we
will analyze everything you know that
just ain't so about mankind's impact on
our natural environment then the Griffin
family stops by to discuss giving birth
to a baby in a chick-fil-a restaurant in
Texas on this is America that is the
most America I'm gonna have to cancel
this segment afterward finally the
celebrity is gunning to take down
President Trump in 2018 and beyond
I'm Michael Knowles and this is the
Michael Nolt show
you know when I was doing that setup I
probably should have had a straw left
this tears tumblr now my teeth are gonna
be all stained and I won't be saving the
environment we have a lot to get to
today this is a lot of really lot of
good stuff to cover before I get on my
plane before that though I have got to
thank a new phenomenal sponsor purple
mattress now you might have seen I was
on Fox and Friends this morning at the
earliest possible time in on earth so I
didn't get to sleep a lot when I do get
to sleep though
purple mattress is the way to go baby
purple mattress is so so good if you're
struggling to get a good night's sleep
you've got to try a purple mattress it
is it will certainly make you feel
different than anything you've ever
experienced because it uses this
brand-new material that was developed by
an actual rocket scientist looking I'm a
man of simple tastes I'm easily
satisfied by the best and I need my
tumblers to be designed by the genius as
a daily wire and I need my mattress is
made by rocket scientists they are it's
unbelievable it's unique because it's
both firm and soft at the same time so
it keeps everything supported well still
feeling really comfortable plus it's
breathable so it keeps it cool it ends
up giving you this zero-gravity like
feel so it works for any sleeping
position you get a hundred night
risk-free trial if you're not satisfied
you get a full refund 10-year warranty
free shipping and returns free in-home
setup and old mattress removal what do
you want you want to make you sandwich -
this is a great deal folks you're gonna
love purple and right now my listeners
get a free purple pillow with the
purchase of a mattress go there right
now purple comm promo code cough FA Co V
Fe Fe do it I'll wait I'm waiting I'm
waiting purple comm promo code cough FA
Co V Fe Fe the only way to get this free
pillow is to use cough FA a checkup
purple comm promo code Kofi Fae okay so
this is terrific you know that for the
last two weeks now so the straws have
dominated the headlines
Starbucks is getting rid of its plastic
straws now they're going to infantilizes
and use those little sippy cup things
nobody can use straws I think by the
latest statistic from the seven-year-old
who did a survey is that 7 zillion
straws are used every day killing the
environment killing the polar bears ID
all this stuff right you know all that
not true it turns out that banning
plastic straws is bad for the
environment right now
Starbucks is still going to be
instituting this I love these kinds of
stories I love the stories where the
really earnest environmentalist the
preening types get proven totally wrong
because the they might have good
intentions but the road to hell is paved
with good intentions why is this why is
banning plastic straws bad for the
environment well there are different
types of plastic number one number two
number three and in particular we should
focus on number two and number five
number five is polypropylene
and number two is high-density
polyethylene straws are made plastic
straws the kind you get at the coffee
shop are made from number two into
number five plastic and number two is
pretty easy to recycle number five is
very hard to recycle only three percent
of number five plastic is recycled so
97% of number five plastic we send it to
China to recycle it China doesn't
recycle it it ends up in the ocean
somewhere so the straws that they're
using could be number two could be
number five those lids those sippy cup
lids are much thicker in there number
five so they're replacing the straws
with these thicker lids and the thicker
lids are virtually impossible to recycle
so it actually will create a greater
negative environmental impact this whole
straw thing I don't think we've covered
this enough and it's not totally common
knowledge you might be wondering why you
woke up one day and all of a sudden
plastic straws were public enemy number
one you might say it's because we live
in an utterly decadent culture with no
actual problems so we just have to
invent them for ourselves that's also
true the other reason is that there's
this nine-year-old boy named Milo kress
nine years old in 2011 seven years ago
and he decided that there were too many
straws like a nine-year-old does for a
nine year olds make these kind of stupid
observations and extrapolate from there
so this number 500 million straws
consumed daily America uses 500 million
straws daily this has been reported in
the New York Times it's been reported in
USA Today it's been reported in National
Geographic it's been reported by the
National Park Service the trouble with
it is it's plucked out of thin air the
there was a nine-year-old who thought
there were too many straws Milo cress
and so he called up a couple companies
he called up a few restaurants and just
decided that the number was 500 million
people gave him totally different
numbers and you know for daily use her
for yearly use or whatever and he just
kind of guessed and he actually admits
this too by the way he says quote why I
use this statistic is because it
illustrates that we use too many straws
I think if it were another number
it still illustrates the fact that there
is room for reduction that's really my
message this is Milo cress is a 16 year
old and this is this gives away the
whole story you know the left does this
all the time
they make up some nonsense and then
could we conservatives find out that
what they've just said is nonsense and
they say well it's not true but it gets
to a greater truth no it's a lie and
it's a lie it's not it's not that it's
not true but it's a greater truth it's a
lie and then it's a lie so and and Milo
cress this kid says I don't care if it's
true it doesn't matter if it's true the
point is do what I say right the point
is do what we environmentalists say and
stop using the straws so well you need
to present to me some kind no I don't
need to do anything do what I say we
have too many we're gonna get rid of
them so I'm part of this the plastic
straw thing is that you know there's
this garbage patch in the Pacific Ocean
you might have read these headlines
there on a lot of clickbait tea sites
there's a huge floating island of
plastic bottles and you know refuse that
we don't recycle and it's floating and
it's taking over the whole ocean if you
looked at these pictures you would
believe that like half of the ocean of
the earth is just covered in plastic
bottles right it turns out that's just
completely not true so the island does
not exist it's nowhere and we know this
because they went to the heart of it
where the highest concentration of these
plastics are in the ocean they found
1,000 significant objects objects you
know like the size of this tumbler or
something objects you can actually see
with your eyes they found a thousand of
those over thousands of square miles so
you could have one of these for you know
10 square miles something like the eight
square miles totally ridiculous now you
might be saying
you couldn't be saying that I believe
you it's not that I don't believe you
but I've seen the pictures with my own
eyes
those pictures are just fake those
pictures are taken off the coast of
Manila in the Philippines that's taken
off the coast of other South Asian and
East Asian cities that are just dirty
that are just filled with trash
so it's true I could take a picture from
the dumpster downstairs I believe by my
200th episode that's where I'm going to
be a living I could go take a picture of
that and say you know isn't this dirty
and then try to pretend like it's the
Pacific Ocean but it's not it's just
totally made-up it does get to a really
important point with the left though
which is that they they could because
they control the narrative because they
control the culture they they put the
image in your head the image doesn't
have to be true the statistic doesn't
have to be true another example of this
as they say before roe v-- wade 5000
women a year died from back-alley
abortions now the guy who started saying
that he admitted he just made it up
they just plucked it out of thin air the
actual number was like 20 or 30 or
something the year before roe v-- wade
20 or 30 . 20 or 30 thousand 20 or 30
people but you get these images in your
head these numbers these pictures a
really great example of this this one
spread like wildfire last year is that
climate change is killing that polar
bear do you remember that polar bear
I'll show you the clip this was aired on
National Geographic it's been seen all
over the world I'll narrate it for those
of you who aren't watching here is that
poor polar bear starving because of
climate change you look so sad you can
barely walk says this is what a starving
polar bear looks like he's on his knees
now it can't find food where's the
what's all because of you because you
didn't recycle your plastic straws this
bear was spotted by National Geographic
photographer and Paul Nicklin on
Somerset island in the Canadian Arctic
I'm waiting for the Sarah McLachlan
music destroyed in
yeah Andrew he's now he's rummaging
through a trash can because of you
because you had to drive your Hummer
because you needed that SUV the bear
went missing after this footage was shot
making it impossible to know
specifically what ailed it oh that's
nice to sneak that in now however
scientists warn that his temperatures
rise in sea ice melts
polar bears lose access to the main
staple of their diet seals what about
this poor seals at least the seals get
to live starve a running out of energy
they're forced to wander into human
settlements looking for food feeding
polar bears it's illegal without finding
other source of food this bear likely
only had a few hours to live this was
this video it's over a minute long it's
spread like wildfire the the title of it
is this is what starvation looks like it
is estimated by the photographers in
National Geographic
the two and a half billion people saw
this video in the images in this video
two and a half billion with a B now the
this was blasted out headlines National
Geographic this is what climate change
looks like they're saying climate change
is starving this polar bear right
finally these photographers and National
Geographic itself by the way are
admitting that this was a lie
Mitter mayer when the photographer says
but there was a problem we had lost
control of the narrative the first line
of the National Geographic video said
this is what climate change looks like
with climate change highlighted in the
brand's distinctive yellow in retrospect
National Geographic went too far and
what it Nat Geo say they said National
Geographic went too far in drawing a
definitive connection between climate
change and a particular starving polar
bear in the opening caption of our video
about the animal yeah duh animals can
starve in the wild that does happen the
plural of anecdote is not data and by
the way if this were caused by climate
change if we could say definitively this
is what climate change looks like we
would expect the polar bear population
to be plummeting isn't that right but
according to the 2016 scientific working
group right now on earth era between
twenty-two thousand six hundred and
thirty two thousand two hundred polar
bears that's up from 22,000 to 31,000 in
a year before that number was taken and
that's way up from an estimated twenty
to twenty five thousand and two thousand
five way up the despite what the climate
hysteria websites might tell you all of
the evidence points in the direction of
the polar bear population being way way
up and in fact estimates and from the
1960s said that at that time there were
between eight and ten thousand polar
bears
so obviously that population is doubled
if not tripled in in the intervening
5060 years now what the climate change
people will tell you is well we don't
know we just don't know we don't know
how many polar bears or stop saying the
polar bears are increasing and you say
well you've just given away the whole
story because you don't know right we
can say at most that we don't know how
many polar bears there are but the site
the climate change people this the
environmentalists the environmental
hysterics
they always act as though they have such
certainty right they say this is what
climate change looks like this straw
will destroy the planet this will do if
you do this it's going to lead it but so
frequently it doesn't it doesn't mean
anything it's just images designed to
pull on your heartstrings to manipulate
you to stop using your reason to start
supporting left-wing policies that
either will have no impact on the
environment or will hurt the environment
the the great example of this I love
this one it's almost enough to make me
get a Tesla and that's the electric car
the electric car that's good for the
environment right we can at least agree
the electric car is good for the
environment right no it's terrible for
the environment
keep driving your Hummer baby my car I
Drive a v6 sedan it gets like 18 miles
to the gallon at best usually gets like
15 even better I'll try to i'll try to
rev it more so it only gets like 13 or
14 according to a study from the
University of Minnesota electric cars
are terrible for the environment this
was published in the Proceedings of the
National Academy of Science it produces
more carbon emissions than conventional
cars and that's because of the batteries
the batteries are really awful for the
environment the co-author of that study
Julian Marshall who's an engineering
professor says it's kind of hard to beat
gasoline if you want to protect the
environment and people electric cars
produce 3.6 times as much soot in smog
death as gasoline cars it produces 80
percent more deaths from pollution and
the reason for this but I don't know if
you're confused about this the reason
why that is true is because electricity
doesn't come from magic you might think
that it comes from magic you know you go
you've got your little electric car and
you get to drive in the fast lane in Los
Angeles and then you plug it in at night
and then unicorns jump up and down
joyfully and power your court that's not
what happens instead of unicorns on the
other end it's coal
it's gold it's it's not exclusively coal
but it's largely coal 39% of America's
electricity is produced by coal filthy
dirty polluting coal
how about ethanol you might say what
about F ethanol is good isn't that good
no not at all ethanol produces 80% more
air pollution mortality than gasoline
vehicles also it causes the price of
corn to double or triple which starves
people in the third world
good job environmentalists really nice
you're killing people with your
pollution and starving them in the third
world really nice the the only good one
and this is the ps/2 the resistance the
only way to make the electric cars work
and not be terrible for the environment
is there is a way there's a way to make
electric cars half is polluting as
gasoline vehicles much much better for
the environment do you know how to do
that natural gas frack baby frack oh yes
now the environmentalists the one like
really good solution to all of this
other than nuclear which they also won't
let us do the other really good solution
is natural gas and they won't let us do
it because they spew out ridiculous
propaganda like gas land and tell us
that natural gas is poisoning our water
supplies here's just a little clip from
that ridiculous movie
when I start going for second just give
it a sec
oh wow look at that isn't that crazy for
those of you who couldn't see he held
his lighter underneath the faucet and
after a little while there was a puff of
fire you know from from the gas that
came in so the implication here is that
the fracking is poisoning our water
supply that's the allegation the only
trouble with that is that the Colorado
Department of Natural Resources
investigated this case and said there
are no indications of any oil and gas
related impacts to the well water it
what is true here as is true in a lot of
places where natural gas is prevalent is
that the natural gas in the water supply
comes from natural sources there was a
Duke study published on this also
published in the Proceedings of the
National Academy of Sciences showed that
there's higher methane in water wells in
your gas wells that part's true nobody's
denying them the the issue here though
is it's caused by faulty steel casing
and cement ceiling on the wells it's not
caused by fracking it's also by the way
the water supply is not contaminated by
fracking fluids one reason for that is
that fracking fluids are 99.5 percent
water and sand it's actually just fine
how about for the air is fracking
terrible for the air no it's not
terrible for the air wrong wrong again
natural gas industry is responsible for
2 percent of the Pennsylvania smog
causing volatile organic compounds 5
percent of nitrogen oxides and 1 percent
of small particulates emitted by all
industry in that state we could go on
and on with examples the the aspect here
that conservatives should really take
away is not you know not just the owning
the libs and the dancing and the spiking
the football all of which is great you
should totally do that too
and it's not just that whenever an
environmentalist says something you
should do the opposite though that is
also true what it what it is
is the limits of certainty the limits of
certainty in science the limits and
certainty of knowledge we don't really
know a lot of things and it takes a
great deal of Education to find out what
you don't know and I'm reminded of
Donald Rumsfeld who said there are no no
known unknowns and unknown unknowns
that's actually he got pilloried for
that he was made fun of but that's
actually a pretty sophisticated degree
of thinking we like certainty we like to
pretend that the expert in the white lab
coat is going to give us all of the
answers to the world they don't know
anything they're much closer to shamans
than they are to gods they don't they
don't know for certain one thing I know
about science is that it's almost always
not true because they keep up ending
preconceptions and when you act as
though you have utter certainty about
the physical world about the material
world you're going to get yourself into
trouble and so the Conservatives have a
kind of contrarian streak in them by
nature I think when these people are
telling you with certainty that in two
hundred years the world is going to
explode because you're using a sippy
straw you know you're using a plastic
straw instead of that sippy cup just
just tell them the other side of it show
them the other side of it it's really
very enjoyable because you know
environmentalism it's so clear but all
shallows are clear all shallow thinking
is very clear I've got to get to this as
America we're running a little late as
we always are I got to interview the
Griffin family they are it's
unbelievable I'll let them speak for
themselves but the the mother mrs.
Griffin was a you know nine months
pregnant and a little a little early and
she went into a chick-fil-a bathroom to
use the bathroom and she ended up giving
birth to a child it this is the most
American story I've ever heard I think
I'm basically gonna have to shut my show
down after this because I can never get
anything more patriotic than the Griffin
story without further ado your there we
have the Griffins thank you so much for
being here thank you
and I'm really honored because I know
you haven't done a ton of interviews but
I saw this story and just for people who
haven't heard all of the background you
gave mrs. Griffin you gave birth and mr.
Griffin you helped deliver your new
daughter in the bathroom of a
chick-fil-a in Texas you then swaddled
the baby in your shirt which was a trump
2020 shirt I have to ask you is this the
most American thing that has ever
happened in history we were actually
going to have a bald eagle cut the
course that would hassle
to find it really if fireworks went off
in the the cash registers in chick-fil-a
that will actually you bring up the the
umbilical cord and this is a really
incredible part of the story that hasn't
gotten a ton of attention which is that
there were a lot of potential
complications here to this birth mrs.
Griffin I believe you have epilepsy or
you suffer from epilepsy and and the the
baby was said to possibly have a heart
condition this was one of the worries
and the the umbilical cord was wrapped
around your daughter's neck is that
right that's right yeah that's
absolutely correct
in fact in in the delivery room all of
this was pre-planned for the birthing
plan because of the high risk of the
baby and the mom we were supposed to
have between eight to ten doctors in the
delivery room from neonatal specialist
to cardiologist to I mean you name it
there was just supposed to be around
full of doctors not a bathroom stall
with just us so I do want to ask before
I ask how you were able to do this
because I think if this if this set of
challenges were presented to me there
would be a Michael shaped hole in the
wall I would just run screaming for dear
life how did this happen how did you end
up in the chick-fil-a
okay so we live forty-five miles from
the hospital we live out in hill country
Texas so you know we try and buy a lot
of cattle ranches we don't drive by a
lot of hospitals in fact there's not a
hospital between us and the hospital
that we had to go to was because of the
high risk of both the wife and the baby
so we had to go to that hospital the
like I said all of those specialists
that were waiting for us there earlier
the day earlier in the day we had gone
to her 38 week checkup his uh Graceland
mate was born two weeks early to the day
so earlier in the day we went to her two
week checkup and her doctor checked
checked' felon out and said you know
she's three centimeters but she should
be okay you know go home relax take a
bath have fun you know it's maybe three
days maybe seven days you guys have time
so you know what I did I said honey can
you take me to the nail salon I'm gonna
go get a pedicure I was having
contractions but they were
by anything they were mildly mild and
had two babies before so I kind of knew
what was going on I knew they weren't
Braxton Hicks I knew they were you know
it could be any day now kind of thing
but I when they got to the nail salon I
was like okay no massaging just change
the paint color cuz I don't want you
know to bring on my labor I was you know
really not wanting her to come two weeks
I'll even he said I'm on a schedule here
I only listen I want to look good when
grace LeMay arrives but I you know you
can't and the only reason we ended up at
the chick-fil-a was one of our good
friends who is gonna watch our older
girls for us when we actually went to
the hospital lives in the community
right behind that that shopping center
so we had called her and said hey we
don't have time to meet you at your
house just meet us in the parking lot at
chick-fil-a there's no signal light
there just jump right off the highway
drop the kids off in the parking lot
away we go that was the plan so when we
pulled into that chick-fil-a a little
bit after twenty minutes after ten
obviously they were close we knew they
were closed yeah it must have looked
like something completely sketchy
because we come screeching in there
right in front of the chick-fil-a and
then here comes our friend screech and
right up next to us we jump out of the
car I'm putting kids in her car if I was
in the chick-fil-a looking outside I
probably would have called my won-won
then and said we're about to get robbed
there's some stuff going on out front
it was so sketchy he's like banging on
the door they hadn't seen me yet so
they're like who's this guy I couldn't
be mad I'm about to I'm about to have a
baby my wife's gonna give birth we've
heard that one before buddy all right
don't you try that one on us I really I
was a denial I really didn't think I was
gonna be giving birth oh I thought I had
to go to the bathroom I was like I think
we have time to stop
since chick-fil-a's the only lighted
place up in this parking lot like let's
see if they'll let me in I have to go to
use the restroom that's the truth I
swear to you I said I really have to go
please let me in so then you go in I I
assume mr. Griffin that you did not join
your wife in the bathroom so you go into
the bathroom and then at what point do
you know that you're about to have a
daughter
sorry so I once they opened the door for
her which the chick-fil-a employees yeah
check this out the only reason why they
were even there is the the employees at
chick-fil-a they were just waiting for
their parents to come pick them up so
yeah after hearing all this I was
thinking maybe they're underage or maybe
they're not licensed all right looks on
their faces were like that is the best
birth control ever
we're abstaining from sex probably after
marriage to just it's over so so you're
you're in the bathroom you're you're
giving birth and what I want to know is
mr. Griffin you this is not an easy
birth I guess you've had a little bit of
practice with this before you've got a
couple kids were you terrified I mean I
would just be so in any in the best of
circumstances I would be sweating
bullets sweating blood probably in these
circumstances how did you keep it
together you know that's a good question
well I don't know how I kept together I
just kept thinking I thought I had to go
the bathroom
apparently something else is coming I
was like oh this is happening and so I
of course I'm screaming you know I'm in
excruciating pain and that's how I know
no I'm straddling the toilet I mean I
can't physically sit down my legs are
giving out on me I'm shaking
uncontrollably and I realized oh my gosh
this is happening there's a head coming
out of me and I know it's like a TMI but
it was like it was happening I scream
and Brenda the lady working that night
she's a drive-thru director I heard him
Brendan Rica's to be exact
she you know was banning her crew you
know they're like it like we said they
they were closed and so they were just
finishing up the job and she heard me
screaming so she's screaming for him he
doesn't even know his name just like hey
your wife screaming in there buddy yeah
yeah I just put the kiss the kids
goodnight and try to call him down a
little bit cuz they were a little
concern I said you know you know kiss
them goodnight your guys are gonna be
fine and then as I was walking back to
the chick-fil-a I heard Brenda scream
your wife's in the bathroom and she's
screaming so I run in there and she had
locked the door so we got the door
locked and I wanna I open it up and
she's in the first stall which is the
tiniest of them all it's made for one
definitely not made for two and no baby
to clear to set the record straight I
did not choose the handicap stall
because I did not have time I'm thin
what's gonna give I didn't know what it
was I just thought it's very very polite
of you you think well I'm not
handicapped I don't really need it what
if somebody else needs and I'll you I'll
use the small one it's exactly right
it's exactly intuition there so all I
could do was wedge between the toilet
and the back wall of the stall and get
into that back little corner there and
you know kind of assess what was going
on and I could just see the head
crowning and my wife was standing and I
told her honey we're gonna do something
great but we're gonna do it right here
we're gonna do it right now so she put
one hand on the side wall and first the
key for that I was holding her in
because my biggest fear was trusting her
in the toilet right and I I had my my
water had broken the moment he literally
like open the door jammed in and so
there was just no time for error he like
he said he came in he wedged himself
back there and he was it was the
quarterback I told her I said you know
you were the CEO you're the manufacturer
you're the you make it do the whole I
just ran your shipping and receiving
that's all I did
we'll use rent it is really amazing to
consider the the mental states of both
of you at this point because mr. Griffin
on the one hand you were there you're
thinking I look I'm the one who's not
physically incapacitated I've got to
kind of manage this control this you
know make sure that the umbilical cord
isn't gonna remain wrapped around or not
whatever but then mrs. Griffin you are
in the word the worst of circumstances
to be giving this and and no drugs
whatsoever nope no pain medication at
all you are just going for it that's
correct not even a bed I mean it mean so
she delivered standing up oh my god do
you get a mail of Honor for that or
something that is under you know we've
all had to suffer through the World Cup
over the past few weeks the least
athletic pseudo sport in history
meanwhile you're doing the most athletic
feat ever to be done you know you're up
there like tap dancing while giving
birth really unbelievable so you do this
and the and the baby's fine there's no
worry of you know the the umbilical cord
or anything like that how did you manage
that so what happened was as soon as I
saw that the head was crowning that's
when I yelled to whoever could hear
because there were no chick-fil-a
employees in the bathroom and I wasn't
looking for him I just shouted somebody
called 9-1-1 and bring me towels or
clean something clean whatever you've
got and the like I said the the head
stopped her at the shoulders because I
could tell that the cord was wrapped
around her neck twice and the baby's
face was blue so unwrap the cord twice
and then told Fallon hey we've got I
need two really good pushes we've got to
get her out of here right now
so she pushed on and she came out and at
a stall bathroom door he's behind me so
I didn't want to alarm her that the cord
was wrapped around her neck because one
of the big concerns with this pregnancy
in this delivery was because of the
epilepsy you know her threshold of
having a seizure was a real danger of
course I didn't want to put into extra
stress on her saying hey the cords
wrapped around I just told her hey relax
for a minute there's something I got to
do and got that down and it was told her
to push and wrapped her up in my trunk
shirt which was highly appropriate and
and that's all I had at that time when
she she when she did come out I had two
paper towels and my Trump shirt and
that's how I dried off Gracie is with
that and then the chick-fil-a
representative Bren
came back in with 911 on the phone and
she was gonna hand me the phone one you
you've got to put him on speaker I am
here to relay a message the phone please
okay so she did and so I was asking
questions about you know her being blue
I knew it was one of two things either
oxygen levels were low or she was cold
and all I had was wet things but really
quickly after that
chick-fil-a started bringing in some of
the towels that they had and let me tell
you something if you don't think that
there was divine intervention in this
whole thing I'll just give you one
little snippet those towels that they
brought in I was asking for warm towels
and they brought them to me and they
were brand new white towels about the
size of a kitchen towel terrycloth that
were warm and I would I thought wow
that's awesome they were microwaving I'm
putting them at whatever they were doing
how resourceful was it it turns out that
Brenda knew that in there one of their
storage rooms was brand new towels and
just happened that that day the air
conditioning went out in that room only
so she went in there and there were nice
warm towels because it was 104 degrees
that day in San Antonio they didn't
microwave them they didn't cook him or
anything
they were now there were a nice warm
towels sitting there wrapped in plastic
she just opened him up and brought him
to us you know Darrell I I'm a big
believer in Providence I you can see
these sort of things all the time and it
is amazing I always think that God
sometimes you know he'll whisper and you
real say hey Michael hey you know and
then of course we don't ever notice so
he says hey dummy come on look I'm right
here and you know so you have the in the
chick-fil-a this mutt this American
institution
you've got the Trump shirt you know
self-reliance delivering yourself and
then this boy and I'm praying that
everything behind me is going well
because I sure as heck don't know how to
deliver a baby by myself I'm like oh
dude I hope this guy knows what he's
doing what he know I know in all
seriousness I was praying and I just
said please like please Lord give my
husband wisdom and patience and strength
and I was just praying for everything
and just of course praying for this baby
too and good answer yeah exactly
I wanted her to cry because I didn't
hear her cry right away so I knew
something was up when she wasn't crying
oh you did so that that was the kind of
hint you couldn't good
something might be wrong Wow I was
trying to stay calm and because again
the seizure was definitely a concern of
mine and we needed just to be a good
team and so I just know I just need to
hang in there and it was it was a rough
it was a rough few minutes but actually
about ten minutes before the EMTs came
yeah EMS didn't show up to about 7 to 10
minutes after unbelievable you know I
tell my time I could not sit down
because then bill report the placentas
still attached to me and so if I had
moved one inch in any direction it would
pull it from her belly from her belly
button oh my god she's a bunch over and
I'm hunched over into my body
my nerves are shot and I have to tell
you my my nerves are shot just listening
to this story I can't I'm at the edge of
my seat even though I know it has a
happy ending I picture I haven't had my
first child yet and I've always pictured
sort of like a pacing around the waiting
room and like a blazer chain-smoking
reading the newspaper and this is
exactly the opposite of that but it you
know that your daughter's name is Grace
Lynn May aptly named clearly Grace of
bounds here this is this is just an
incredible story I mean this is America
in a nutshell and I'm so pleased for all
of you have to let you go but I'm so
pleased that everything worked out as
miraculously as it did and and you now
have a lifetime supply of chick-fil-a
and a job for your daughter when she
turns 16 it just keeps getting better I
don't know what the best part of that
story is it's so on I've gotta let you
go but I do always I sometimes joke with
my wife we say you know gosh I really
really hope that our baby is cute I
really hope our first baby is cute and
you you clearly lucked out even on that
front even on that front grace abounds
unbelievable story thank you so much for
coming on the Griffins
I can't I can't wait to I'll check back
in in 16 years
when when your daughter gets her job at
chick-fil-a all right thank you
see you guys this is America that is
very America if only the bald eagle came
down and clipped the umbilical cord with
its talons so I've got to say goodbye to
Facebook and YouTube we've got a lot
more to get to I do want to talk about
this election a little bit I want to
talk about the celebrities who are gonna
be jumping in and probably destroying
Democrats chances again just like they
did in 2016 and also the new Republican
challenger who is now suggesting he will
primary Donald Trump in 2020 we'll see
how that goes
if you're on Facebook and YouTube go to
daily wire.com it is ten bucks a month
$100 for an annual membership you help
keep the lights on if you're already
there thank you very much
look none of it matters the conversation
the mailbag get your mail by questions
in right I mean whatever this is what
matters this is what matters I'm going
to DC in about twenty minutes i'm going
down to give a speech at ya young
America's Foundation and I'm gonna be
talking about the great benefits of
owning the lives a robust defense of
owning the lives and you're gonna need
this tumbler because otherwise the whole
District of Columbia is gonna flood and
you're gonna drown don't drown make sure
you get your leftist yours tumblr and
make sure you get extra plastic on it
just all over the place movies if you
have if you have an old leftist here's
tumblr just toss it in the Pacific Ocean
get a new one sign up again go to daily
watch that gum we'll be right back
okay the elections back on all the
celebrities are coming out in force to
stump for Democrats just like they did
in 2016 whomp-whomp here is a new public
service announcement from the voice of
the American people Volks Paul Polly a
Jane Fonda and Lily Tomlin hi I'm Jane
Fonda
I'm Lily Tomlin I'm rashida Jones do you
care about gun control women's health
income inequality the environment health
care can I call my dentist back
I've already six months late on my
annual cleaning Rasheeda oh no is that a
toothache Rasheeda come on this is
important you're right yeah I know our
democracy is at stake I'm sorry I do
have a great dentist by the way I'll
give you her number one we're done are
you hearing my thoughts not important
just get back to your lines please uh
voter turnout during midterms is
historically terrible with nearly half
the voters compared to years with
presidential elections and that's just
not gonna work this November wow I can't
believe we're still fighting to protect
basic human rights and the planet I'm
exhausted
you're exhausted I've been fighting for
six decades oh we gotta get people to
volunteer to make sure other people vote
thinking we gotta lie down somewhere
maybe with a beach listen very good Lily
Tomlin's trying to save the planet is
she is she just using like five plastic
straws at a time while driving her
Hummer around I didn't this this has
taken a turn that I didn't expect
is this a Hummer ad that's great so
absurd I mean really really ridiculous I
hope they keep doing this I counted up
on the Wikipedia page last night of the
Hillary Clinton 2016 presidential race I
believe the number is 1868 celebrities
athletes actors directors musicians
endorsed Hillary Clinton in 2016 nobody
cares nobody cares for a few reasons one
because we have other things on our mind
and two there isn't there's not a
celebrity disparity anymore we have
one of the biggest Hollywood celebrities
not only stumping for us but he's
actually our president we have him in
the White House and it totally mixes
that also Hollywood looks awful with all
this meat to stuff you know I the these
people look really morally decrepit and
they haven't turned out good products in
a long time other than Mission
Impossible 3 when Tom Cruise tells me to
vote for somebody I'll probably vote for
that person but all of these other
people
I don't why would I listen to Jane Fonda
Jane Fonda is a traitor to our country
who posed on anti-aircraft for the
Vietnamese Hanoi Jane who cares what
they have to say that is not a big issue
in other celebrity 20/20 news LeBron
James is suggesting that he's going to
run for office now you know we're just
in the throes of silly season when all
of this happens the dog days of summer
the the one story worth mentioning
though because I suppose it could be
real it's also ridiculous is being
reported by the Daily Caller which is
that Bill Kristol the former editor are
now editor at large of the Weekly
Standard a bill kristol considered
neoconservative Straus Ian's magazine
editor very anti Trump is considering
primary endowment Trump in 2020 I like
Bill Kristol very much I should get this
out of the way i bill kristol was a
professor of mine during a summer
fellowship that I had he's been very
nice I listened to his podcast
conversations with Bill Kristol I
actually like the guy even though he's
really going off the rails with this
never Trump and anti Trump stuff but he
should not run for president in 2020 it
will not help him it will not help the
Republican Party it will not help the
conservative movement it will just look
really really foolish and frivolous he
said this he said this to the New York
Times in 2017 Bill Kristol said we need
to take one shot at liberating the
Republican Party from Trump and
conservatism from trumpism and here's my
question for mr. Kristol why why do why
do we have to do that we've gotten
historic tax reform excellent judges
federal judges and Supreme Court
justices a piece abroad we're really
strong foreign policy good foreign
policy a booming economy
we've gotten record-low joblessness
we've got--we've the issues that
democrats usually harp on racial
division we've kind of wiped those out
because not only are we winning in the
popular culture but we're also winning a
historically low black unemployment a
hate crimes are down I think all crime
is hate crime but hate crime as we
define it is down everything is going so
well that doesn't even scratch the
surface why why do we need to liberate
the Republican Party from Trump is it
because the years of george w bush were
so much better for conservative
governance I'm not attacking President
Bush but is that really the height of
conservatism I don't thinks it was
Medicare Part D the height of
conservatism No Child Left Behind was at
the height of conservatism Harriet Miers
even John Roberts was that great
conservative governance I don't know
about that Oh George Bush Senior is that
the raising taxes is that the high I
don't what why on earth would we
liberate the Republican Party from Trump
in conservatism from trumpism I
understand the skepticism of President
Trump in 2016 but he's done a very good
job you know we laugh about LeBron James
running for office or Oprah or whatever
and they say well it's hypocritical
Michael we're in the age of the
celebrity Donald Trump isn't qualified
to be President and I agree with that
in 2016 but now he is he he clearly was
qualified to be President he's been a
very good president we you can't say
well now we're just electing celebrities
who are unqualified no no that could
have been the case had Trump in a bad
president but he's been good so I don't
understand that I think it's really
navel-gazing it's really ideological
really frivolous really silly according
to the Daily Caller
mr. Kristol is in Boston now he's
meeting with New Hampshire political
strategists he went to a New Hampshire
political event it's really not a good
idea i I really do like what mr. Kristol
offers to the conservative movement
I recommend listening to some of his
podcast even though they need to fix the
audio on it the audio is not great but
the show is really quite interesting but
the this is absurd what what are we
fighting for we are we fighting one
another over how best to hold our tea
cup or how to comport ourselves at
cocktail parties in Georgetown is that
what we're doing are we fighting for
liberty because if it's if it's the
former
than fine attack Trump all you want if
it's the latter get your priorities
straight what are you doing what are you
people doing because there there are
real issues that are being fought rich
Lowry from National Review has an
excellent column out about how the
United States is now debating socialism
we are seriously considering socialism
you can say crazy-eyed Alexandria Ocasio
Cortes she's not a serious candidate
she's not taken over the party you know
there there are 42 candidates running
with the Democratic socialists
endorsement in in 2018 this is growing
Bernie Sanders has really opened this up
he's brought this medicare-for-all
socialist medicine canard he's made it
mainstream and socialism is slavery
healthcare is the place that they tried
to do it most a President Reagan before
he was president when he was still just
a terrific b-movie actor in Hollywood he
had a great album about the evils of
socialist medicine need to be fighting
that we don't need to be fighting over
how to hold our Shepley glasses we need
to fight this real battle because it's
it's coming and it's evil and it could
really destroy the country here for
those of you who haven't heard it is
Ronald Reagan talking about the evils of
socialist medicine my name is Ronald
Reagan I have been asked to talk on
several subjects that have to do with
the problems of the day now back in 1927
an American socialist Norman Thomas six
times candidate for president and the
Socialist Party ticket said the American
people would never vote for socialism
but he said under the name of liberalism
the American people will adopt every
fragment of the socialist program there
are many ways in which our government
has invaded the precincts of private
citizens the method of earning a living
one of the traditional methods of
imposing statism or socialism on a
people has been by way of Medicine it's
very easy to disguise a medical program
as a humanitarian project most people
are a little reluctant to oppose
anything that suggests medical care for
people who possibly can't afford it now
in our country under our free enterprise
system we have seen medicine reach the
greatest heights that it has in any
country in the world today
the relationship between patient and
doctor in this country is something to
be envied any place the privacy the care
that is given to a person the right to
choose a doctor the right to go from one
doctor to the other the right to choose
the the quality of the care the the
prosperity that engenders and that it
symbolizes you should listen to the
whole thing the whole album has ten or
eleven minutes you can find it all over
YouTube go listen to it it's very
important
socialism is slavery the way they try to
institute it they get it in by the
backdoor on health care because they
think people won't act rationally on
health care
they'll just that they won't be willing
to point out the advantages of freedom
in health care because it's so immediate
it's so emotional don't let them do it
the government that's big enough to give
you everything you want is big enough to
take away everything you've got
healthcare is the key here if you if you
have looked at no other news story in
the last couple of years look at little
baby Alfie Evans or little baby Charlie
guard in the UK babies who their parents
wanted them to get treatment elsewhere
but the socialist government in the UK
I'm not talking about Venezuela I'm
talking about the developed world the
United Kingdom would not let those
babies seek treatment in in the United
States or in Rome or anywhere else they
said this baby is gonna stay here we own
this baby the baby's gonna die deal with
it the government that is big enough to
give you everything you want is big
enough to own you big enough to take
away everything you've got you got to
fight it tooth and nail Medicare for all
it's slavery and get your priorities in
order people don't get angry because
President Trump doesn't spell all of his
tweets correctly or he uses random
capitalization there's a really evil
evil ideology that is rearing its ugly
crazy-eyed batty head and we've got to
fight it very seriously I'm going to DC
I'm getting out of here I will not see
you tomorrow but I'll be back Thursday
and Friday get your mail back questions
then we're doing it Thursday if you're
in DC or if you're at the Yap conference
I'll see you there in the meantime I'm
Michael Knowles this is the Michael nul
show I'll see you soon
the michael noland is produced by seniya
Villarreal executive producer Jeremy
bori senior producer Jonathan hey our
supervising producer
Mathis Glover and our technical producer
is Austin Stevens edited by Jim nickel
audio is mixed by mic core Amina hair
and makeup is by Joshua alvera the
Michael Knowles show is a daily wire for
word publishing production copyright for
word publishing 2018
