so the New York Times just published an
extremely racist screed and they it
starts with the tweet they they publish
this article they tweeted it out the
tweet that accompanied the article said
New Hampshire is 94% white it is now
trying to figure out how to change that
and the article itself is is
fantastically bigoted so I want to just
read you the first few paragraphs of
this article just so you can fully
comprehend the racism that we're dealing
with here so this is what it says
Catalina's Celentano used to hold
training sessions for hospital workers
in Lynn Massachusetts to familiarize
them with the cultures of patients from
Cambodia Russia and the Dominican
Republic when she moved to New Hampshire
she suddenly found herself in an ethnic
vacuum now maybe we should pause there
for just a moment an ethnic vacuum so
what she she went to New Hampshire and
she discovered that the people in New
Hampshire have no ethnicities that there
are there are no ethnicities it's a
vacuum of ethnicity so these are these
are human beings who are walking around
and living and they have zero at what so
where did they come from do they sprout
out of the ground did they fall from the
sky like like dewdrops what happened no
no even white people have ethnicities to
insinuate that white people have no
ethnicity is jet it's it's not only
insulting but it's crazy it's like when
you hear it's like when we hear well
there are people of color and white
people it's no I I have a color also I
mean it might be a lighter color but I
definitely have a color I don't not I'm
not colourless for goodness sake I mean
if I landed if you came to earth from
like an alien planet and you didn't know
anything about the human species and
then you started hearing well there are
people of color and then white people I
would imagine so what I what I would
imagine are like normal creatures who
have color and then I would imagine
white people as being these translucent
colorless
monstrous cities walking around where
you could see their bones through their
skin because they have no color it just
it doesn't make any sense but that's one
thing at least that's kind of a figure
of speech I understand but to say it's
an ethnic vacuum because it's all it's
it's a bunch of Caucasians living there
it's just it would be like if I move too
if I move to Mongolia and discovered to
my horror that it's only a bunch of
Mongolians living there and I said this
is an ethnic vacuum there's no there's
there are no ethnicities here and
someone said well they're Mongolians
here what yeah but except for them
except for them in Mongolia there's
nobody else what's going on
celentano mr. celibate tano said I went
from being able to speak Spanish every
day to not speaking Spanish at all
because there wasn't anyone to speak
Spanish to the only person I spoke
Spanish with was a cleaning lady and she
moved back to Colombia okay I don't
really think you have a right to
complain that people in an in a state in
the United States of America only speak
English that is after all traditionally
in the language that we speak here so
once again it would be like if I went to
South Korea and then complain that
everyone's speaking Korean here what's
going on I mean back home back back home
I I spoke English every day then I moved
to I moved to South Korea and I haven't
spoken English in days what's happening
I don't understand what could have
possibly happened what what change
occurred I'm so confused
whatever whatever happened to the whole
I I guess we've completely done away
with the idea of assimilation at this
point haven't we of course we did away
with that a long time ago now we don't
even pretend we don't even pretend that
assimilation is the goal
so that we're actually now writing
articles lamenting the fact that a
native Spanish speaker moved to New
Hampshire and has to speak English god
forbid she had to assimilate in one in
in the most basic way of speaking the
language that people speak there now the
article could now let's get to the
really racist part here it says New
Hampshire like its neighbor Vermont and
Maine is nearly all white shame on them
shame on them for being all white how
dare you
this has posed an array of problems for
new arrivals who often find themselves
isolated and alone without the comfort
and support of a built in community it
also posed problems for employers in
these states where it could be a barrier
to recruiting and retaining workers of
different ethnicities and cultural
backgrounds the issue prompted about 100
business leaders government officials
and members of nonprofit organizations
to meet Thursday to search for ways that
New Hampshire which is 94 percent white
might lure other racial and ethnic
groups which by the way is kind of just
creepy to speak of luring racial groups
we've got to we've got to lure some
racial groups in here you know cast out
the the lure and reel them in now so
that we can really conceptualize how
racist this is let's just imagine for a
moment that we made it we changed a
couple of words in those last three
paragraphs just change a couple of words
around and let's go back and read it
again and let's see if we can really see
the racism this time all right
so imagine if the article said this
instead Detroit like Atlanta and
Birmingham is nearly all black this has
posed an array of problems for new
arrivals who often find themselves
isolated and alone without the comfort
and support of a built-in community it
also posed problems for employers in
these states where it could be a barrier
to recruiting and
painting workers of different
ethnicities the issue prompted about 100
business leaders government officials
and members of nonprofit organizations
to meet Thursday to search for ways that
Detroit which is 83 percent black might
lure other racial and ethnic groups
so change just a few words and suddenly
it becomes extremely extremely racist
all you have to do is just swap out the
race that's being discussed for a
different race and all of a sudden the
the racism just jumps out at you and
it's actually I should amend that it's
not that it becomes racist all of a
sudden when you change out white for
black it's that now the racism is
apparent to even the most obtuse
observer it is obviously racist to treat
the preponderance of a certain race in a
certain area as an objective problem it
is racist to look at the percentages of
of different of you know to look at a
certain race and say oh they have a
majority percentage let's try to lower
their percentage just for the sake of it
just because we want fewer of those
types around here that is the definition
of racism it is racist to treat a
certain race as if its existence in an
area is a problem now the only way to
alleviate the racism in this case and
this is this is what leftist will do
especially leftist who have been been
recently Mis educated in a in a you know
in an academic institution especially in
college because this is what they teach
you in college what they teach in
college now is that racism by definition
applies only to the racism of white
people but never to the racism against
white people now that is not the
definition that you're gonna find in the
dictionary if you look up racism in the
dictionary you won't find that but this
is the the definition of racism that was
invented by leftist
in the last you know a couple of decades
and now taught as fact it is a totally
arbitrary random made-up definition for
they took a word that had a real meaning
and then they just made up a new
definition and started teaching it at
school and said no race this is what
racism means now and now you'll have
leftist anytime you talk about racism
they'll come in and they'll correct you
and they'll say well no actually racism
is all about power dynamics and whatever
group is in power can't be victims of
racism yeah who told you that where are
you getting that from no that's not what
it means that maybe is what your college
professor told you but he made that up
that is not what the word means at all
if you hate a certain race or if you if
you're prejudiced against them you're
racist it doesn't matter nothing else
matters that's racism right there and
and and and also just by the way if
racism if it's uh if a non-white person
can never be guilty of racism on the
basis that well they don't have power
and you know in any way their hatred of
white people is justified so it's not
ready well before we talk about the
field we won't even get to get into the
fact that if it's all about power
dynamics then how did this definition
still hold even when we had a black
president but we won't even get into
that what about the racism of non-white
of a non-white person towards other
non-white groups so what if a black
person hates for instance Asian people
is that also not racist at all right I
guess our nation's university professors
will tell us that that doesn't exist
there's no racism there racism was is an
invention of white people and it doesn't
exist anywhere else in the world
apparently now a couple other points I
want to make here first of all
about diversity organic diversity that
is diversity that happens naturally over
time is fine it's a fine thing I
wouldn't even call it good I'd say it's
it's fine it's like just sort of neutral
there's nothing inherently problematic
with a certain race being the majority
in a certain area so there's nothing
wrong with that if you go to a town and
it's just a bunch of white people that's
fine it doesn't matter they're just
people living their lives in a place
where they want to live now if they
accept a had a rule that they excluded
other races or they other people of
other races and ethnicities tried to
move in and they were chased out of town
well that's a problem but that's not the
case in like New Hampshire if you go to
New Hampshire and you go to a small town
in New Hampshire you find a bunch of
white people they're not chasing anybody
away it's just they're living up in the
mountains in New Hampshire and that's
just nobody else has thought to move
there and live there so it's not a
problem so we can't say well you know
it's we could improve this area by
adding diversity you're not going to
improve it I'm not gonna say I'm not
saying you make it worse either it's
just it's just a it's a lateral move so
you had a bunch of people with a certain
skin pigmentation and then you brought
in other people with with darker
pigmentation okay great fine okay you
didn't prove it it's just they're still
just people living there that's all but
again it's fine on the other hand
engineered diversity the diversity that
happens when social engineers look at a
place and say there are too many of this
kind of race that is bad okay that's a
very bad form of diversity it's very bad
it's bad because it's racist and racism
in the name of diversity is very self
defeating and it's also bad because of
the arrogance involved I mean think of
the arrogance of the government
officials who sat down in New Hampshire
and said there are too many of this sort
of person we need to bring in a
particular percentage of these other
kinds of P
that's what we need to do who are you to
determine that who puts you in charge of
that what do you mean there are too many
of that kind of person what scale are
you using who appointed you arbiter of
these things what do you mean too many
too few based on what standard and how
was that any of your business or any of
your concern it's not it's not your job
to organize the racial makeup of society
that's not what you're supposed to be
doing you really don't need to have a
very in-depth knowledge of history or
world events to realize that it is
always bad news always bad news when
governments get into the business of
racial engineering that is never good
nothing good ever comes of that ever
second thing this this stuff this this
nonsense like what we're talking about
here with the New York Times in New
Hampshire this is partly where white
supremacism comes from okay
now obviously white supremacism is a bad
thing just like racial supremacism
in any race is a bad thing but so this
is not obviously about justifying white
supremacism
it's about pointing out that white
supremacism and white racism which
certainly does exist is a social
phenomenon with various roots and this
is one of the roots now the primary
roots are bad home life bad parenting
lack of moral formation I think any time
you have racist people that's gonna be a
big part of it maybe the primary part of
it but when you've got a white kid with
that kind of background
and he emerges into a world where his
race is treated like it's something he
should apologize for where his existence
is seen as a problem as a thing that has
to be corrected
and he's told that like he doesn't even
have an ethnic identity whatsoever he is
a vacuum of ethnicity you're trying to
drain his identity from him um then he's
gonna understand I'm like a little bit
ticked off about that and maybe more
ticked off than the average person given
the fact is that he has a bad home life
no moral formation so on and so forth
and then what happens there is that the
white supremacist can come in and
exploit his bad upbringing and and his
grievances about how his identity is
treated in society and they can pretty
easily recruit him based on that this is
how it works this is how you make
racists and bigots in any race if you're
interested in making more racist this is
the way to do it great job New York
Times I mean this is exactly how you do
it you make people into racists by
trying to make them feel ashamed of
their own race and their own identity
and their own history
if you go up to a crowd of people and
you whatever their race and you say to
them there are too many of you types and
by the way these are all the bad things
that you're guilty of apologize for
those things those things if you go up
to a group of people and you say that
you have just helped to push a certain
portion of those people into racism and
bigotry now it will be their fault
ultimately for succumbing to it but you
helped push them there so you also are
partly to blame a lot of young white men
who are already lost and without
identity are being encouraged you know
into extremism because of how their
identity is treated by the media
academia and the government that's just
the fact of the matter so what these
institutions are doing media academia
and government they are very
deliberately sowing racial discord they
are not trying to to help with
assimilation and I try to help bring
people together they're not even trying
to help with diversity they are they are
trying to sow resentment and anarchy and
hatred between these different groups of
people and when they succeed in doing
what they are clearly trying to do can
we really say that they bear none of the
blame whatsoever this is just I know
we're told that like we're not allowed
to complain about because we're white so
you know if you're a white person you
can't complain about this blatant
bigoted nonsense but no we can complain
about it because it is blatant bigoted
nonsense
and it's harmful now you and I as normal
people we maybe it'll read this kind of
stuff and we can laugh it off and say
all these idiots but there are a lot of
people who aren't as normal and who are
unstable and they see this stuff and
it's just driving them whatever their
race it's just driving them in different
directions further away from each other
further into hatred and and resentment
so thanks a lot New York Times
mission accomplished great job all right
that's gonna do it for me guys thanks
for watching thanks for listening
Godspeed
