what I want to do for a little bit of a
respite from the heavier topics is talk
about this strange sort of person called
an introvert and and and and how they
operate you know what it means to be
introverted and why we hate small talk
because I think this could be useful
half of you watching this will think
well this is a stupid useless topic but
the other half will think yes thank you
finally someone is explaining
the first thing is this
on a personal level yes personally I am
I am an introvert through and through
yet I give my opinions publicly for a
living I travel around the country I I
give speeches in front of crowds and I
don't dread
I don't dread public speaking you know
in fact I really enjoy public speaking
it's it's my it's it is my favorite
thing that I do professionally without
question in spite of the fact that I
would certainly qualify as an introvert
now this is only surprising to people
who don't understand introversion and
confuse it with shyness I'm not shy at
all I have no shyness to speak of which
is why I can get up in front of 500
people and talk to them and not only
have no problem with it
but enjoy it so there's no shyness yet
there is introversion
in fact if we're standing and for if we
were standing in a crowd of 500 people
and you said Matt I need you to go and
mingle and make a small make small talk
with like five or six of those people
that's why I need you to do if you told
me to do that I would dread it I would
refuse I would want to do it but if you
told me Matt I need you to get up in
front of all of these people on a stage
and talk to them for an hour I would say
great I'd be super excited to do it it
reminds me of something that reminds me
of something that Jerry Seinfeld once
said when he was while he was on stage
doing stand-up he said I can talk to all
of you but I can't talk to any of you
and that's kind of what it's like to be
a non shy introvert
