Daniel says hey Ben this morning I found
out my girlfriend of two years might be
pregnant I'm absolutely terrified and
feel I'm not ready to be a father and
the advice yes
sack up yes marry her and sack up that's
my advice you've been living with your
girlfriend it turns out when you have
sex with people of the opposite sex
particularly and specifically then there
is a serious possibility that pregnancy
may be the result because this has been
true throughout all of human and animal
history so I'm glad that you are having
fun but now I think that it's quite
important that you provide a home to
that child be a man this is your this is
your job on planet Earth your job on
planet Earth is now to marry your
girlfriend and take care of your child
and if you feel that you couldn't be
responsible for that that's a decision
you should have made before but now
responsibility has been thrust upon you
and you can either be a man or it can be
a child if you decide to be a child and
either two bands in the kit or you
decide to do something much much morally
worse and and do something or convince
your girlfriend and discuss with your
girlfriend doing something the baby
itself which is an active not only
ultimate irresponsibility but deep evil
if you do that you've not only did
you've betrayed your purpose on the
planet you've betrayed to put my purpose
on this planet everything else gone
right I lose I lose the show I lose my
career my sole purpose on this planet is
to protect my wife and children that is
my sole purpose so now you have a
situation didn't want guess what that
situation is gonna be the best thing
that ever happened to you two it's gonna
be the best thing that ever happened to
you you're now gonna become a more
responsible human being you're gonna
become a better human being that kid is
gonna make you better because you're not
gonna be thinking about you anymore
you're gonna be thinking about how do I
protect my daughter or my son you're
gonna be thinking about what standards
and values do I need to make solid in
this world to make a better world for my
kids you're gonna now need to sit there
and think about what kind of what kind
of child's you want to raise you're
gonna have to start thinking about
something beyond the next 24 hours you
have to start planning you're gonna have
to start making career goals right
you're going to become a man now hey kid
yeah this is the way it is the way that
it works you're you're a man now
be a man this is your job
