we're live it's Friday are you excited
it's Friday
I can't wait you need more coffee I do
here's my first cup of coffee all day
but I've been guzzling left as tears all
week and I decided to madman it and get
some whiskey going at eleven thirty
thirty that is a hate crime
well you're the straw a woman drinking
whiskey you're drinking out of a plastic
straw as vicious hate crime now you're
going straight to jail
mmm-hmm or just our hair and makeup and
wardrobe now who's going to jail she's
the one that got the server yes oh my
lipstick won't mess up which by the way
are you so excited for national lipstick
day I finally get to really express
myself always let me do it around here
so this does lead into our question of
from last week which was which superhero
do you think it's you know closeted and
a little light in the loafers if you
know what I'm talking about a couple
fries from a happy meal if you catch my
drift
I'm talking about a homosexual someone
said captain Michael Knowles what and
the only reason I might agree with them
mmm-hmm is because when I was showing
Michael an article about the places
where I can go and all the ladies can go
I'll tweet it out to get free lipstick
on national lipstick day you sir
knew how to pronounce all of the names
of the weird cosmetic companies that
even I don't know how to promote yes of
course why why do you know this a lady
doesn't tell her secrets speaking of a
lady someone says Elastigirl is is a
closeted lesbian and they think it's
pretty obvious from Incredibles - which
one Incredibles 2 is not from
Incredibles one but definitely from
incredible someone says Superman I mean
it's just a cover-up
someone said Batman and that Alfred is
his sugar daddy yeah well and Robin is
his you know little young Greek pupil Oh
God
someone says Iron Man a Valkyrie might
be gay Aquaman by the way I'm not see
man you mean no aqua aqua vision I don't
know I don't follow them that close that
woman as well actually there is now
apparently there's casting happening
where they want a openly lesbian actress
to play that woman and they've like put
that casting call out there within a
certain age range I think the age range
was like 24 to 30 you know I can as a
recovery actor myself
test to this it'll just be every actor
will go out there and suddenly become a
lesbian because they were said the actor
answer is like hey do you know how to
ride horses yes do you tap dance yes
Michael are you a lesbian you know I'm a
lesbian let's do it
sign me up so maybe I cut it after this
I'm gonna run out to the casting call
can we please just pull that you know
I'm the lesbian side yeah
and that's gonna be my ringtone every
single time this guy calls me cuz that's
gonna make my year oh lord have mercy
that's amazing well now on to more
serious news well it was news that the
mainstream media took very very
seriously it was a satirical video from
a friend of ours the millennial
conservative Allie Stuckey over at CR TV
also great cuz re conservative
millennial thanks Jacob as a millennial
as a millennia uh-huh she's the
conservative she's the conservative
millennial so she did this satirical
video where she took that PBS video that
Margaret Hoover did that interview in
which Alexandra or Godzilla cocktail
Cortez I don't know how to say her name
I think was just like thanks you know
had that awful answer about and
everything else yeah they only clipped
out her answer where she said like oh
yeah the Jews are slaughtering the
Palestinians or something yeah and then
he said can you talk about that and she
said well I'm not an expert yeah but
everything else you didn't know anything
else so Ali and the crew over at CR TV
took that video spliced it up it was
already I wish it had been satire the
original interview just because it's so
appalling and they did this thing much
like Colbert and Fallon another
late-night host do where they did a mock
interview with her and but the
Washington Post CNN everyone was saying
oh my God look at this conservative news
site that's trying to pass this off as
real news you know what they did it was
actually brilliant of them to do this
because I don't think they're that
stupid I think that this saved Ocasio
Cortez for them because okay Xia Cortez
looked so ignorant and proudly ignorant
in that last interview but then now that
there's this satire if the left and the
media pretend that the satire was a hit
job they can blame Allie Stuckey for
making her look stupid
agreed yeah I totally agree and and in
that way I was like oh no don't play
into their hands right but it's also I
mean the Babylon be had the best that
had line about it too it's just it's
unbelievable that
it's only funny if they're if liberals
are satire in conservatives it can never
be funny if it's the other way around
well they always take the left always
takes conservatives jokes seriously in
part because they're humorless but also
because it you can I mean you can run
any headline and make it look like a
news story yesterday I kid you not there
was a CNN headline that said breaking
Trump says get me a coke please that was
a line from the Cohen - he's not taking
Diet Coke anymore apparently not because
only drink diet never seen in person
drink a diet coke only five years bring
diet I mean let's be honest real coke
tastes better than Ike it's true
you don't want the aspartame to kill you
folks so anyway yesterday was national
intern day oh wow and I think even
though I'm very Pro intern the tweet of
the day has to go to Monica Lewinsky who
asked how was this like really a day we
have the tweet that went up on screen
like right now uh she spoiled national
intern they ever have forever
how did she spoil it well she was you
know I mean she was completely willing
participant you know but also you know
from position of power and authority and
like a boss hitting on you he was also
guilty of that come on and well Bill
Clinton and try to buy out your cousin's
husband listen it's very hard because
the Clintons are family to me that my
third cousins once removed but yes it is
hard to defend Bill Clinton's actions
ever yeah any can I tell you that like I
have a hard time wearing a blue dress
especially to like a work function I
don't I just don't want to ever yeah the
red lips and the blue dress over here
that's what Michaels doing on this free
time so yesterday was national internet'
and we actually have a poll a live poll
that's happening right now on our
Facebook page if that's where you're
watching and it's on Instagram as well
and the question is should companies be
required to pay interns because here in
the great state of California I say that
with sarcasm dripping from my tongue we
are not allowed to have interns that's
right we get requests all the time
people are like oh my god we love ben
shapiro we want to internet the Daily
wire and we have to sadly tell you sorry
you can't be required to pay you and
usually pay you an astronomical some
money
or having no experience no experts there
are a ton of regulations that have to do
with regulations so many companies and
we're not the only one I've worked for
other media companies in this state many
companies in the state of California and
New York is another one as well just
don't aren't having internship programs
anymore
I would not be where I am like sitting
today something right next to Michael
Jane old-fashioned Lima I should not
have interned and then I wouldn't have
to be sitting here anyway but I interned
for the Sean Hannity radio show I
interned at WABC 770 WBC in New York
City for the Curtis and Kuby show John
gambling and Sean Hannity and then I
that led me to getting a job and working
my way up the ladder as a producer for
Sean's radio show and every career
opportunity I've had since is you know
jump off from the thing I'd previously
done and the experience that I was able
to gain oh yeah and there are so many
jobs I'm not anti college although
micro's gonna be on the sunday special
with Ben and I know that he and Ben
talked about that a little bit about
like how how much is called it's really
necessary in this day and age and I
believe that you and I have the type of
job that College really ain't that
necessary yeah well it depends I mean if
you can go to college and get an
education then it's then it's great I
mean people don't always do that but
when it comes to the paying the interns
of course interns shouldn't be paid
there shouldn't be a minimum wage
probably right I mean that there are so
few people in America or on the minimum
wage the minimum wage the left jumps on
this they want to pretend that 80% of
the country is living off minimum wages
that is simply not true and minimum
wages disproportionately affect younger
workers and the reason for that is you
don't have any experience so I've had
internships I've worked minimum wage
I've worked below minimum wage off the
books and then those internships help
prep you for what you don't know totally
it is great on the job experience
trial-by-fire those you know I'd work on
early campaigns I'd be paid 75 cents an
hour I because I get a little stipend
then I got a speeding ticket one time
and there one my stipend but I averaged
added me 75 cents an hour but it
occurred to me when I was on those early
campaigns yeah my seat is valuable it is
valuable to be here learning being in
the fire on a campaign and by instantly
instantly after that internship I was on
another campaign and I was on another
campaign then I got this experience then
I
didn't write a book then I was on
another campaign you know and it really
led one thing to another it is crazy
look for people who think that the
government should not interfere in the
labor market too much
you shouldn't have onerous regulations
the internships are the obvious example
of that these kids are not worth that
much but you can give them a lot of
experience and a lot of education it's
so beneful beneficial - I think our
nation's high school and college
students specifically yeah because there
are lots of times that people go through
four years of college it's been 150
grand on a degree and then they figure
out at least I won 50 grand then they
figure out the end of it Wow I don't
really like the major that I majored in
huh I wonder why because they weren't
able to work an intern and figure out
what they wanted to do yeah anyway I'm a
fan of internships and apprenticeships
and all that stuff and our poll was
pretty neck-and-neck it's so go take
that Facebook poll right now it should
companies be required to pay interns and
the instructions are in the description
we also have it as our Instagram poll
this week the other aspect of this which
is so like conservatives should think
about this a lot is like I love
book-learning I love reading books I
love college I love it liberal education
book learning is just part of knowledge
you can't like you anything you can
learn technically you can read in a book
but there's practical knowledge - that's
why you have interns that's why you have
fellowships right that's why you can't I
think the left wants to pretend that
knowledge doesn't exist yeah that's
that's so much of knowledge but to the
left they don't happen yeah all right
another conversation for another day
wait for our last topic let's do it so
this week some person took a pickaxe to
Donald Trump's star on the Hollywood
Walk that'll get and that'll show him
remember a couple weeks ago George Lopez
pretended that he was peeing on it
he had like a bottle of water and he was
pretending you know holding himself in a
certain way
real classy George and so this is what
the third or fourth time that Trump's
Hollywood star has been vandalized oh
yeah there's some people that are
friends of ours like the great Larry
elder the great elder ski you know sage
of South Central he has a star there
there's other people I believe Jon
Voight has a star there you know there's
people you know Judy Garland there's
people that have stars on the Hollywood
Walk of Fame you're like okay they
deserve have a star the thing that was
the most shocking to me it's guess whose
star is right next to Donald Trump's
star and would not touched who's Kevin
Spacey
well he's choosing to live his life as a
gay man now if Donald Trump chooses to
live his life as a gay man then that
maybe they'll leave his door alone no
actually focus on the part of you know
where he molested children allegedly you
know London police are looking into that
a pedophile was next to the President of
the United States like their Tsar and
the guide to our cow we don't know who
it was yet decided to take a pickaxe to
Donald Trump's and not Kevin Spacey's so
that leads me to my question for this
week if you could take a pickaxe mmm no
charges we're gonna you know we're gonna
go purge style for a moment mhm if you
could take a pickaxe to any one star on
the Hollywood Walk of Fame who would it
be and why Elizabeth Montgomery
Elizabeth Montgomery she's a witch they
put a freaking witch I'm not you know
this isn't a cultish town it's Gomorrah
by the sea but they actually have
enshrined a monument to a witch and as
Exodus says very clearly thou shalt not
suffer a witch to live it is a travesty
that we allow it to be there and I'd
bring the pickaxe right there and get I
wonder how many people will get just um
some holy water on it would you would
you pickaxe I think I would do Kevin
Spacey it's like why would is he can you
remove someone's star is their whole
process though Kevin everyone's known
that Kevin Spacey is sexually a little
weird for a long time you say that
because your Hollywood actor like for
those of us that are not from here for
people that you know might be house of
cards fans or they watch seven a few
times yeah
they don't know that the thing is though
whatever Kevin Spacey did who knows what
he did is there any chance that that
doesn't also apply to 99.7% of yes and
so therefore we should remove their
stars Boulevard this Riveter so that's
our question of the week let us know on
Instagram Facebook YouTube comments my
space my space oh thank god
oh man our EP xanga anyway which
celebrity star on the Hollywood Walk of
Fame
would you take a pickaxe too and that's
all we got that's it that's all she
wrote I'm out of here
Murder She Wrote and that's what I'm
gonna go buy my lipstick binge watch
Murder She Wrote this weekend
and yeah we'll see you next week and
maybe Michael will be rockin his new
pastel pink lipstick
you
