Christian's today in America and in
throughout the West have given up
we've given up our defense on both
fronts and for really no reason there's
we're not we're not facing any kind of
real violent persecution but if you look
at the polls you'll see that a majority
of Christians endorse same-sex marriage
divorce fornication and on and on in
fact all of our all of all of the most
popular sins in our society Christians
are fine with them even even abortion
has the approval of wide swaths of of
American Christians and I'm not look I'm
not complaining that because Christians
struggle with these things that's not
the point
something like sexual immorality that's
always going to be a struggle people
have always struggled with that since
the beginning of time but that's that's
not our problem our problem is actually
the opposite of that our problem is that
we aren't struggling we don't struggle
we've decide we've simply declared that
these things are okay we've stopped
struggling there is no struggle we've
decided
the most popular sins our favorite sins
aren't sins anymore so there's no
struggle
there's no repentance there's no it's
one thing for us to sin and then to say
oh my god what have I done forgive me
help me
that's one thing it's another thing to
sin and say it's fine I'm fine
doesn't matter it's just you know
whatever this is how I want to live my
life
yeah and I'm in a personal relationship
with Jesus and in my relationship Jesus
doesn't care about this
okay because I've made up my own rules
in my personal relationship
it's my personal relationship have you
noticed that
