maybe you have heard about the new trend
in terrible parenting it's called babies
this is the label that certain white
upper-class liberal parents have given
to their to their children who they want
to raise gender-neutral they want
gender-neutral children without gender
labels they said down with labels no
more labels and then they proceeded to
invent a new label which is they beasts
so no we don't we don't want any labels
whatsoever except for these over here
that we've just invented off the top of
our head there's an NBC article about
this trend and it's gotten some
attention
it focuses especially on the stories of
Nate and Julia sharp who are well
actually let me just I'll read a little
bit from this article just to cut just
you understand what we're dealing with
here and to kind of set the stage a
little bit let me read from this article
in NBC it says three-year-old twins
xyler and Kayden
scurried around the boy and girls
clothing racks of a narrow consignment
store filled with toys xyler wearing
rainbow leggings scrutinized a pair of
hot pink and purple sneakers
Zaidan in a t-rex shirt fixated on a
musical cube that flashed colourful
lights at a glance the only discernible
difference between these fraternal twins
is their hair
sylars is brown and Kayden's is blonde
is Ayler a boy or a girl how about
Kayden that's a question their parents
Nate and Julia Sharpe say only the twins
can decide the couple from Cambridge
Massachusetts of course represent a
small group of parents raising babies
children being brought up without gender
designation from birth Nate Nate Sharpe
told NBC News a baby is I think
different things to different people for
us it means raising our kids with with
with gender-neutral pronouns so they
them there rather than assigning he/she
him/her from birth based on their
Anatomy
let's pause right there for just a
moment okay I don't mean to interrupt
mr. Nate sharp but they they're them
those are pronouns that you have
assigned so you're saying well we're not
going to assign he or she so instead
we're going to assign assigned a in them
you still assigned pronouns you nitwit
it's exactly what you're doing you just
assigned different pronouns and actually
he and she are not assigned by anyone
any more than your biological sex is
assigned this whole idea of assigning to
sex what you mean a site where is sex
where is that happening it's okay it's
not like you've got a bunch of ambiguous
neutral babies being born and then
they're all laying out a nursery then
you've got doctors that come by and go
we're gonna sign him boy make that one a
girl I would have do two girls over
there we'll do that one a boy tonight
you're actually not well let's make that
one a girl that one a boy and all right
so then we got to go that's not what's
happening that is not there's no there's
no sex assignment Ward in in the
birthing center of the hospital that
doesn't see what happens is you've got
boys and girls who are born and then the
doctors will look at them and say oh
that's a boy or oh that's a girl and
then linguistically there are certain
pronouns that come attached to that
naturally as part of our language it's
not a sign what you're doing here Nate
sharp is you are actually assigning
artificially a pronoun that that would
not otherwise that that is not natural
to the to the child going back to the
article parents in the US are
increasingly raising children outside
traditional gender norms allowing boys
and girls to play with the same toys
let's we sorry just gonna stop there
again for a second I love it how these
enlightened liberal parents they think
they're the only ones to ever to ever
dream up this idea of allowing boys and
girls to play with the same toys like
what do they think what do they think
the rest of us are doing do they think
that we if I if I you know if you're if
your son picks up one of his one of your
daughter's toys or if your daughter
picks up a one of your sons toys do they
think that you're going hey put that
down no no put it drop it drop it right
there drop it drop it son or you're
gonna your turn into a girl put it down
is that what they thinks happening now
because kids playing with all the same
toys that happens in every house in
America that has always happened it's a
totally normal thing so you didn't come
up with that concept see most of us
normal folks normal parent we have
always been fine with our with our kids
play basically playing with whatever toy
they wanted to play with but we never
made that never caused any confusion for
us we never if we had seen our daughter
pick up a Tonka truck we would say oh
our daughters playing with a Tonka truck
that's fine we didn't then say she must
be a boy no we didn't do that we just
said oh that's a girl who likes Tonka
trucks and then we continued on with our
life actually I won't go back to the
article anyway you get to the point you
get the point there is one other detail
in this article that I should mention
that they are so neat Julia shot part of
this Davies thing is that the parents
hide the biological sex from not only
from society but they hide it from the
kids themselves they don't tell the kids
what they are
so they the kids are aware of their own
body parts obviously but they have not
been told what those parts mean
they don't know their own identities
Nate and Julia are keeping that secret
under lock and key until the pit until
the kids get to the point where Nick and
Julia have decided they're old enough to
decide their own gender which I think as
most of these parents will say around
four or five is when they can decide
their own gender so at the age of four
they're still not old enough to make a
peanut butter and jelly sandwich by
themselves they probably don't know how
to tie their shoes
they're certainly not old enough to stay
home alone by themselves they can't
drive a car they can't vote they can't
they can't do anything for themselves at
all I mean they can probably barely even
manage to get their shirts on in the
morning without without without help
from their parents yet we're going to
give them this enormous power to us to
come up with their own genders right
that makes a lot of sense now of course
we run into some logical problems here
there are a lot of logical problems but
let's just focus on a few of them if and
we talked about this in on a show last
week I forget in what context but let's
go back to it for just a second if if
biological sex is meaningless and gender
is just a social construct then what
does it mean to say that someone is
choosing a gender what does that mean
what are you choosing gender is art we
all agree that you cannot choose sex I
hope we agree with that biological sex
cannot be chosen but you can choose
gender yet you're saying that gender is
an arbitrary invented thing so what does
it mean to choose it what do you talk
what exactly are you choosing what's the
meaning of choosing this meaningless
thing
and on what basis is the choice being
made so if a boy chooses to be a girl
based on his affinity for girly things
because in every case I've ever heard of
when you hear these parents who say oh
yeah he was born biological boy but he's
my daughter now and then they start to
tell their stories the reason that they
give or the the indications that they
give for oh this is when we realized
that he was a girl it always involves oh
he liked to put on dresses or he liked
to play with Barbie dolls every single
time that's what it is it's it's it is
they discovered in their son in affinity
for traditionally girly things so if if
you decide or your child decides that
he's a girl based on his affinity for
girly things have you not just
reinforced the very very societal
construct that you're supposedly trying
to abolish
and if the child makes the decision that
he's a girl based on nothing based not
even on an affinity for girly things
then hasn't the word girl lost all
meaning isn't the word girl now just
another word for boy
I think if if someone is going to say oh
I am a girl then they have to be able to
follow that up with a because so I'm a
girl
because fill the blank right
and if you can't fill in the blank with
the because then I'm a girl means
absolutely nothing but if you can fill
it in with some kind of because some
kind of reason then the word girl has to
have some kind of meaning but if the
word girl and the word boy do have
meaning then the choice must be based on
something objective and meaningful you
can't have it both ways and if it's
based on something objective and
meaningful then gender is not a societal
construct it is in fact something
ingrained you see what you see what I'm
saying here there's a this doesn't make
any sense at all no sense also another
problem if you haven't told your
children anything about boy and girl
and they haven't learned to associate
those words with anything in particular
then what in the world does it mean for
them to choose between the two they
don't even know what that is so let's so
little Zeiler a poor kid has no concept
of boy and girl at all he's none you
doesn't have any idea what those things
mean and then at the age of four the
parents are gonna go to them and say
what are you a boy or a girl
and he's gonna say whatever he says what
it means nothing he may as well go up to
him and say um hey Zeiler what are you a
gobbledygook or a blue buddy blah but
which one oh he says he's a blue pony
blah that's his identity his identity is
blue pony blah everyone respected
this is the is his is his natural
identity he's discovered it
but these are I could go on for four
hours with the logical fallacies here
but the real problem is not one of logic
it's one of just basic ethics and
morality
but this is that there's a there is a
more a very serious moral problem here
where Nate and Julia
in an effort to show off to their
liberal friends have deprived their
children of identity and I really do
believe this is I would like to say for
their benefit to be generous to Nate and
Julia I would like to say that these
that they are just crazy insane people
who are not intellectually capable of
understanding the logical contradictions
that I have just outlined but no
apparently they are mechanical engineers
upper-class mechanical engineers these
are people with brains in their heads
and they must possess the ability to
understand logic and understand how
ideas and things all fit together
so they must be smart enough to
understand that this whole thing makes
no sense whatsoever they're just trying
to show up it's for their own sake it's
selfishness these parents that do this
it is total selfishness
and that's all it is they are using
their kids as like these fashion
statements and they're saying to all
their friends aren't we so fashionable
we have gender-neutral children
we're so fashionable yeah you're very
fashionable and the price of you making
a fashion statement is that you are
destroying and ruining your kids on an
elemental level like you're getting
right down to the core of who your kids
are and just obliterating it that's what
you're doing you're not freeing them
from artificial cultural influences by
raising them neutrally rather you are
overriding those influences by imposing
a much more artificial much more
confusing and much more damaging one so
it is eat look it's easy to kind of
laugh at something like babies and to
laugh at these parents but there's
something it's not really funny what's
happening here
this is psychological child abuse of the
most demented kind this is deranged
they're robbing their children of
identity they're robbing their children
of even the most basic knowledge of
their own cells knowledge that they need
in order to decide what they want to do
and who they want to be and where they
want to go in life they're taking that
away from them you may as well refuse to
till you tell your children what species
they belong to or what planet they live
on this is just the most basic
information about their about themselves
about their relation to the world about
their place in the order of things the
most basic information like the kind of
information that that non abusive
parents will start with like this is 24
normal non abusive parents one of the
first things your kid learns about
himself is his sex one of the first
things he learns is I'm a boy or I'm a
girl because that's just basic
information that you need about who you
are and these parents are taking that
from their kids this is a social
experiment like what if we raise kids
through the first part of their
formative years without telling them
anything about themselves whatsoever
what will happen then
and then they're gonna just sit back and
see well let's see what happens nothing
good I could tell you that the thing is
you could have especially in low-income
areas what this is what really
infuriates me particularly in low-income
areas you could have Child Protective
Services knocking on your door if you so
much as spank your children if somebody
hears of you spanking your kid or if you
yell at your kid in public or something
like that you could have CPS knocking on
your door yet these people are turning
their kids into social experience
experiments they are hiding essential
biological truths from their children
they're depriving their children of
identity they are force feeding mental
illness into their kids and rather than
a visit from CPS they're going to get a
profile on NBC
it is really unthinkable and awful and
just disgusting
it's child abuse and that's what we need
to call it
I think we need to be we need to start
putting our foot down about this kind of
stuff
you and I as normal human beings
we need to put our foot down and say
it's not just like oh we disagree with
that
parenting style it's know you are
ruining your kids you are abusive you
are unfit parents what you're doing to
your children is unthinkable and evil
and it should be illegal that's what
that that's what this should be this is
the worst kind of psychological abuse I
have ever heard of that's how bad it is
and that's what we need to start saying
now
I'm gonna switch gears here so that's so
upset all I can say about that I'm sure
we'll revisit again in the future if you
listen to the show you know that I will
sometimes deviate from the topic and get
into entirely irrelevant rants about
subjects that frankly aren't even
interesting and usually I do that at the
very beginning of the show I've decided
to move it to the end and so this will
be a new segment that I call random
things I'm talking about
I need to think of a name for it but
anyway that's what we'll put that on the
back burner alright here's the thing we
need to talk about elevators I was there
are some basic things about elevators
that I think everyone and I thought
everyone in society understands but
apparently they don't I was traveling
last week I was staying at a at a hotel
and I had a pretty horrific experience
on an elevator here's what happened I
boarded the elevator in the lobby and
then another person also boarder boarded
and that's not the horrific experience
although that obviously is pretty
horrific in and of itself and so the
elevator starts going and this guy's a
small talker I'm not a small talk I'd be
fine just standing in stone silence and
saying nothing but this guy's a small
talker so right away he says I gets on
and he says man it's hot outside and I
say yeah
yeah it is hot you know it's really hot
I'm like I'm sweating hot
I'm not very good at small talk up you
can tell and he says well you know the
calling for rain all next week so it
should cool down with the rain and I
said oh really okay
and then silence okay I had I had I had
killed the small talk conversation
inadvertently which is what I always do
so the small talk died and then that's
the problem because if you're going to
open the small talk valve you kind of
have to keep it going because if you
don't if you initiate the small talk but
then you're still with that person for
awhile after the small talk has died
well now the silence has become about
ten times more awkward than it would
have been if you had just never said
anything whatsoever so the problem is
small talk died at about the third or
fourth floor
we still had ten more floors to go and
then we get to the tenth floor we get
off on the same floor and we walk the
same direction down the same hallway
after all of that weird silence and
after the conversation had died so it
was just if we the conversation died ten
more floors of silence we get off and we
walk silently next to each other down
the hallway to our rooms and it just
made me think this awkwardness could
have been avoided if everyone had just
observed elevator rules and these are
rules that when I am dictator of America
I will in state upon penalty of death
and there are two rules okay it's very
simple the first rule is this no talking
in an elevator whatsoever no eye contact
no looking at anyone you can look up at
the ceiling or you can look down at the
floor you don't look you don't talk
complete silence and this is the rule so
there's no reason for the sounds to be
awkward because it's a rule now you have
to be signed and if you don't you'll be
killed or you know maybe you'll go to
prison for pinyon we'll figure that out
second rule the company who owns the
elevator
must have elevator music whatever
happened to elevator music I mean it
used to be you get an elderly elevator
there's me know there's music now
there's no music it's just silent there
must be elevator music and it must be
loud and blaring so as to alleviate the
awkwardness of the silence and even to
rule out the possibility of silence I
also think the same requirements should
be should be instated in public
restrooms those are the two places no
talking loud music all problems solved
all right now that we have that
established I've just solved the
elevator problem and I've solved the
gender-neutral problem so we've solved
two problems I think that's pretty
productive thanks for watching everybody
thanks for listening Godspeed
you
you
