this is gonna be very politically
incorrect show not politically correct
it is a really strange thing right now
this study even I didn't realize it and
I've been kind of tuned into these
issues of Christian persecution in the
Middle East and around the world it's
right now Christians in the world are
the most persecuted faith group that
there is you wouldn't know that if you
talk to people in America or in Europe
they always talk about Islamophobia
which Andrew Clavin I believe once
defined as the irrational fear of having
your head cut off that's not politically
correct but that's all you hear about
you don't hear about the Christians it's
silence we're talking about how we need
to bring Muslim migrants so all we have
to do is bring the Muslim migrants over
we bring hardly any Christian refugees
over and the Christian refugees are the
ones who are being utterly decimated by
Muslim militants throughout the Middle
East and elsewhere according to this
study by aid to the church in need they
examined Christians in China Egypt
Eritrea India Iran Iraq Nigeria North
Korea Pakistan Saudi Arabia Sudan Syria
and Turkey only Saudi Arabia has not
gotten significantly worse for
Christians over the last few years and
that's only because it can't really get
much worse you know it's like there it's
not you know a thriving metropolis of
Christians the Christians have been
almost entirely wiped out of Iraq and
Syria we know we had gee somehow on the
show the North Korean defector just a
week or two ago and he talked about how
if you were said to be a Christian in
North Korea you will be executed
publicly and on the spot no questions
asked
gun pulled out shoot you right in the
head you know this is a weird thing and
especially in the United States and in
Europe I think we have this sense now
especially lefties here have this sense
that Oh a rock and Syria those are those
are for Muslim people that's not the
Christians aren't supposed to be there
those aren't for Christian people but of
course Syria was a the home of
Christianity for so long and all of not
all of them but many of the early popes
came out of Syria drew Peter is from
Bethsaida Paul had his conversion he
they you know we had the scales over his
eyes knocked off his knocked off his
horse on the road to Damascus or knocked
Office as he's going up to Damascus
that's not in that's not in you know
Rome that's not in tours that's not in
England that's in Syria but we have this
this idea that you know
that's for the Muslims that's for the
Muslim people all over the Middle East
and Africa the there are some samaria q
shion's of christians torturer
crucifixion all of these things not
politically correct to say
