so it seems I'm sure you've noticed that
there's always some kind of campaign
going on with the aim of dismantling the
dreaded masculinity and the latest
campaign comes to us courtesy of a
menswear company called bonobos bonobos
wannabes I really I'm not really sure
how to pronounce it but um this this
week they launched their hashtag evolved
the definition that's what the campaign
is called evolve the definition which
they hope that through the sale of pink
Blazers and through Twitter activism
will change society's conception of
masculinity because of course pink
Blazers are very unmanly as opposed to
this I don't know what I have on this
baby blue weird shirt I have which is
which is of course very manly but um
according to is a spade I don't even
know what color CI anytime I wear an
unmanly color I have an excuse because
I'm colorblind so I really don't know I
never know what color I'm wearing I just
I just I just put something on and then
I judge based on the reactions of other
people and if people start making fun of
me than I know that okay I wore an
unmanly kook anyway the according to the
to the company the the traditional
definition of miss masculinity is broken
and outdated and tired they say and it
needs to be updated to fit our you know
enlightened our enlightened
understanding of things now if you
haven't I wrote a piece about yesterday
I'll link to it but if you if you
haven't had a chance when this is over
go watch the video that the company used
to launch this campaign because it's
really an amazing video it's amazing
only because it's exactly what you would
expect you know it's it's it's like
imagine a campaign by a trendy menswear
company to to change the definition of
masculinity just without even seeing the
video it success it's exactly that what
you have in your mind that's exactly it
it features this kind of collection of
stylish feminine dudes with nice hairdos
reading synonyms format so it starts
with they have their phones out and then
they pull up the definition of
masculinity from the from the dictionary
and then they start reading synonyms for
masculinity or for masculine and the
synonyms are like macho manly strong
brawny powerful and then all the men
they react said that they react with
horror at that definition one of the guy
goes I'm not kidding one of the guy goes
my goodness why here I think he reads a
you know one of the synonyms for
masculine is uh is brawny and strong and
he goes my goodness and then another guy
wearing a beanie says I I think that
definition is a little is a little scary
he says his he's scared he's scared by
the definition of masculinity and then
the men all proceed to give their own
definitions masculinity and those
definitions include things like being
able to smile and cry and being brave
enough to be Who I am now I don't wanna
get off in a tangent but of course my
whole video every video I do is just
consists of me getting off in tangents
so I don't know why even say that but I
just want to begin by noting that
because it's kind of pet peeve of mine
it's not brave to be who you are okay
you shouldn't be proud of being who you
are you you don't really you don't have
any other choice but to be who you are
it's just that's who you are so you have
to be it see you'll get any credit for
being who you are you have no choice in
the matter so that's not who else are
you going to be is the question and by
the way if if yourself is a person who's
cowardly and weak then actually it's
brave to not be who you are so it's
never really brave to be who you are
because that's just who you are but it
is often brave
to not be who you are and to become
something better it's just I love what
people do that they they go you know I'm
just being myself and they think that
that justifies their behavior
it's especially it's something people
say especially when they want to justify
some negative characteristic about
themselves and they say well I'm just
being myself and then the answer to that
is okay we'll have you considered not
being yourself
have you considered being something
better than yourself because yourself is
precisely the problem here that's what
that's what needs to change as yourself
yeah you're being yourself exactly
that's the issue be something better
because yourself isn't great right now
um but that's kind of beside the point
the real point about this masculinity
thing is why I have three points that I
want to make actually I think five three
to five we'll see first of all if if
your objective is to take hold of
something and change it well fine but
that's not evolving you're not evolving
anything in that case that's not how
evolution works as I understand it it's
evolution is not something that can be
imposed from the outside
evolution is a natural gradual internal
improving process and so if something
evolves that means that it should now
function better than it did previously
that that's what every it happens on its
own naturally and then by the end of it
this thing that evolves now should
function better than it did before
so okay let's look at this new version
of masculinity this effeminate version
emasculated this this you know a man a
man who cries and sobs and cares a lot
about fashion trends like that's the
okay so that's the new masculinity how
is that an improvement in what way does
a man now function better with this new
masculinity than he did before because
if we say that bears have evolved well
that should mean that the bear of today
is an improvement upon
the bear of 10,000 years ago that's what
it should mean the bear of today is a
better bear he's better at being a bear
so how is the new masculine man better
than the older one let's let's think
about it the old masculinity while it
was maybe a bit scary according to one
of the guys in the video it was a very
scary thing but at the same time if you
could get past the scariness of it the
old masculinity drove men motivated men
to provide for their families to protect
their loved ones to win Wars to build to
build things to build civilizations
among many other accomplishments the new
masculinity now it may make men more
comfortable in many respects but what
are they achieving what are they doing
that traditionally masculine men could
not do as effectively a traditionally
masculine man will have actual skills
actual abilities that the new masculine
man does not have so how what is the
reverse of that it just it seems to me
that the the so called evolved
masculinity is more likely to prevent
men from functioning that it is to help
them function so then it's not evolution
second point we have this idea that we
have to change the definition of
masculinity because so many men today
fall short of that definition and so
therefore it needs to change but is that
the right response I would say no it is
and I would say that actually that's the
whole reason why we shouldn't change it
the fact that men are falling short of
it is all the more reason to reassert
the definition to strengthen it fortify
it to declare it from on high it's not
why you should change it the fact that
people falling short of the definition
proves the necessity of the definition
you know the whole point of having a
concept like masculinity is to establish
standards it is to kind of draw lions
and to kind of clarify things
and masculinity for men just like
femininity for women has helped to
answer some very important questions
like what are men supposed to do what
are women supposed to do
how are men supposed to act how are
women supposed to act men and women in
society have always asked these
questions about themselves people will
always look at themselves and wonder
what am I supposed to do what is my role
what is my what is my place in society
but by getting rid of masculinity and
femininity all we've done is we've
removed the the answer to the question
but we have not removed the question
people are still asking the question but
all you've done is you've taken away the
answer which means that now there's
going to be confusion there's going to
be paralysis where there used to be
clarity and action the left seems to
think because the real problem that the
left has is not even with the answers to
the question it's with the question
itself they don't like the idea that a
man should do or shouldn't do anything
or that a woman should or shouldn't do
they don't like this idea that men and
women are looking at themselves and each
other and asking like what am I supposed
to do given that I am a man and what are
you supposed to do given that you're a
woman that's the question that the left
doesn't like so they want people to stop
asking it well they can't get people to
stop asking it so instead they just get
rid of the answers gender roles is
another example related to this you know
people in a marriage man and woman are
going to naturally wonder what they're
supposed to do what their role is how
they're supposed to work together to
accomplish the task of building and
sustaining a family and gender roles
answered that question but by getting
rid of the gender roles and replacing it
with nothing which is what we've done
now people are still asking the question
they're still wondering you know people
in a marriage are still like what am I
supposed to do how is this supposed to
work okay but now there's no answer
because we don't have the gender roles
so now that
send-up confused and marriages are
dysfunctional because nobody has any
idea about how they should function so
rather than changing masculinity or
abolishing it to compensate for the fact
that men so often fall short of the
label I think what we should do is we
should challenge men to live up to the
label because it's true that not every
man is strong not every man protects but
every man should be strong and I don't
just mean physically obviously an 85
year old man is not gonna be physically
struck but every man should be
emotionally and morally strong and I
also believe that we're physically
possible he should strive to have
physical strength as well because that's
you know something that men are needed
for in society every minute not not
every man protects his family but every
man should protect his family again not
just physically but spiritually these
are yes not every man does it not every
man wants to do it but every man should
do it and they should all want to do it
they should that's the standard that
they should aspire to when you take the
standard away now we have nothing to
aspire to we have nothing to strive
towards it's third thing or am i I don't
know what what am i right second if any
doesn't matter just just a couple of
other quick notes you know we say that
we are changing the definitions of
things so that people can be different
like we we look at a feminine man and we
see that he's different than other men
and so we say well we need to change the
definition of masculinity in order to
accommodate this guy and his differences
but do you know what actually happens
when you change the definition all
you've done is you've taken away that
guy's ability to be different
so even in the even in the dark old ages
when you had traditional masculinity and
that was like the standard there was
still some men who fell outside of it
was even okay to follow maybe some
manner just just naturally kind of fall
more outside of that and so you still
had this diversity and this this these
differences in personality but when you
change the standard by which the
difference is judged and by which the
difference is recognized as a difference
then you've gotten rid of the difference
and so you've actually by kind of
expanding all definitions and opening
everything up in this in this effort to
to welcome diversity you've actually
abolished diversity now nobody can be
different because there's nothing to be
different in comparison to the last
point I want to make here I think it's
important point and I had to do this
video in my car and I don't know if you
can tell I'm like I'm burning up right
now because it's hot out and I have to
keep the windows up and I can't have the
air on because that would make noise
that beats track so I'm like sweating
right it's like 95 degrees in the car
I'm doing this anyway was I gonna say
these these this this effort to to
abolish masculinity is being imposed
upon society by our cultural
institutions it is not something that
most people want that's why it's not a
natural product because when you when
you in fact even you look at a campaign
like this it changed the definition of
masculinity most people react negatively
to it they think it's stupid and
ridiculous and you talk to the average
woman and as long as they're not
pressuring her to pretend that she's
more progressive than she really is
she's going to admit that yeah you know
what I want a man who's a man and you
talk to the average man as long as he
doesn't feel pressured to pretend that
he's more progressive than he really is
he's going to admit yeah you know what I
want to be a man I want a woman who's a
woman I want a woman who's feminine and
who is you know who is who is has a kind
of maternal instinct and who is that
womanly affection and compassion like
that that's what I wanted a woman I
don't
a woman whose who acts like a man it's
not what I'm looking for that's what men
and women still naturally want even now
even our progressive age but it is our
cultural elites in our institutions
academic institutions the media
Hollywood government so on they're the
ones who are trying to impose this
change on us and so we should resist it
because we you know these this this
natural inclination that we have is
right and it's good and we should stick
to all right we're gonna cut it off
there thanks for watching everybody
thanks for listening Godspeed
