I'm Andrew Klavan and this is another
Kingdom be sure to head over to Daley
wire.com
and become a subscriber to get early
access to our episodes ad-free in the
last episode austin was lowered into a
pit on the outskirts of new fell the
village of the eunuchs zombies there he
found the remains of all the women who
had been sacrificed to a hideous beast
the beast came for him and was about to
devour him when he was pulled through a
cave opening and was sent back to the
motel in California he managed to escape
the cops who were about to arrest him
for the killing of billiard ball and
went to his sister's apartment looking
for clues to her whereabouts in the
middle of the ransacked room he found a
secret message guiding him to his
parents place but when he opened the
door to leave he found himself looking
through a portal back to new fell where
he was about to be eaten by the Beast
and now episode 3 of another Kingdom
performed by Michael Knowles
shuttering I shut the door quickly
my eyes flicked here and there in a
sightless panic what do I do
I thought over and over again what do I
do I thought the panic down I took a
deep breath
I used my Gally onon powers to silence
my mind to focus past my fear I
remembered I had a sword in the fantasy
Kingdom or hallucination or whatever the
hell it was
I had this magic sword that appeared
whenever I began to fight Queeny Linda
had left it in shadow wood as a gift for
her chosen hero who turned out absurdly
to be me the king of the wood torrid
anyo had given me the sword and a suit
of magical armor to go with it the
liquid mercury like armor would pour out
of my skin and cover me head to toe
during a battle
it wasn't impenetrable the beast would
almost certainly bite right through it
but it would offer me some protection
maybe what if I thought what if I could
reach the sword before the Beast ate me
what if I could strike at the creature
use the speed with which it was pulling
me to add to the force of the blow I
nodded to myself good idea encouraged I
opened the door again
the magical passage into the eunich
zombie cave a female sacrifice was still
there I shut the door I had a better
idea don't go back in there asshole what
are you crazy
there had to be another way out of here
even jumping out the window would be
better than stepping back into that cave
like a world-class idiot
a three-story fall might break my leg
but that was nothing compared to being
bitten in half and having my remains
dumped among the slaughtered female
population of nouvelle drawing another
deep breath to keep myself steady I
looked around searching for an escape
route the little studio had two windows
on one wall both faced the back of the
building looking out on the macadam lane
that ran along the garages I tried to
remember what the building looked like
from the outside was there a way to
climb down I went to the window kicking
through the debris on the floor
flinching at the stabbing pain that
still went through my leg with nearly
every step I unlocked one of the windows
and lifted the lower sash I stuck my
head out into the night what I saw gave
me a strange double feeling to feelings
superimposed on one another a thrill of
hope and a twinge of nausea at the same
time yes there was a way out but it
seemed nearly as dangerous as the
passage back to edge amount the face of
the building was smooth there was
nothing to hang on to no path I could
climb down but one apartment over there
was a balcony and two more balconies
under that one a line of balconies with
waist-high railings around them and with
glass doors that led into the other
apartments if I could somehow jump over
to the nearest balcony I might be able
to go into one of those apartments or
maybe climb down from balcony to balcony
until I reached the ground safely at
first glance the odds I could make such
a leap without breaking my neck did not
seem good at second glance they seemed
even worse the jump to the balcony
wasn't very far just a couple of yards
at most but there was no way to get into
a good position for the leap Reilly's
window had no outer sill nothing to
balance on I would have to climb out and
try to swing over somehow but when I
thought of the alternative stepping
through that door feeling those claws
digging into my leg again having that
unimaginably horrifying creature devour
me well a broken neck did not seem so
bad a cool autumn breeze swept over me
chilling the sweat that had
now broken out on my face I steeled my
nerves and climbed out it was awful I
put one leg through the window then my
torso then the other leg and the next
moment I was dangling there with my
fingers gripping the windowsill for dear
life I only had to glance down to
picture myself lying below on the front
lawn helpless writhing in pain until the
police came to take me away hanging
there I eyed the balcony side long it
was only now I realized how nearly
impossible it was going to be to get the
traction I needed to make the jump
across the gap but I had to try I had to
try fast to the sill was sharp digging
into my fingers my hands were sweating
making my grip slippery and unsure I
only had about thirty seconds before I
lost my hold and fell panting with fear
I shuffled over as far to the right as I
could as close to the balcony as I could
get even so the railing seemed about a
mile away and about two miles too high
to reach grunting I bent my knees and
pressed my sneaker toes against the
smooth wall of the building trying to
engineer whatever leverage I could my
fingers were slipping I had to do it I
had to do it now I left I reached out
for the railing
I missed it completely I plummeted
downward through the empty air for a
second that seemed to last forever I was
in freefall my hands clawing wildly at
nothing a second later my fingers
touched iron it was the railing of the
next balcony down desperate I grabbed
hold of it I kept falling then jolted to
a halt sheer zany terror gave me super
strength in an instant I hold myself up
and scrambled over the top of the
railing I tumbled down onto the wooden
floor of the balcony and hit with a thud
still soaring on adrenaline I jumped to
my feet at once how was I was I hurt no
I wasn't what now my brain was buzzing
thoughts flying so fast I could barely
think them before they were gone the
balcony doors the glass doors into the
apartment were they locked the curtains
inside were drawn the apartment beyond
was dark if I could just get in I could
get back down to the garage I stepped to
the doors seized the handle pulled it to
the side there was no lock just a
flimsy latch a harder tug and the door
slid open huzzah I could do this I could
get out of here I could get away I
slipped through the curtains into the
shadowy apartment the lights went on a
young woman in a thigh-high nightshirt
stood in the bedroom doorway staring at
me mouth again I held my hands out
toward her don't scream I said she
started screaming she put her hands over
her mouth she shook her heads so that
her long brown hair swung back and forth
stop screaming I shouted she didn't stop
she went on screaming she was very good
at it
I'm leaving I shouted moving toward the
front door I'm already leaving get out
she screamed I am getting out just let
me go
stop screaming why are you even in my
apartment she screamed I can't explain
I'm calling the police right now don't
call the police
I'm leaving she ran back into the
bedroom to get her phone I ran to the
door I grabbed the knob what if the
passage back to Edmund was here too my
god said the young woman she was in the
bedroom doorway again the phone to her
ear you're covered in blood
I need help she screamed into the phone
you don't need help
I'm leaving stop screaming I shouted I
pulled the door open no passage into
Fantasyland just the hallway I raced out
doors in the hall were opening people
were peeking out to see what all the
screaming was about look at the blood
one man shouted call the police shouted
another man I shouted it everyone don't
call the police
everyone had a phone everyone was
calling the police
I took off I ran like a demon in the
demon Olympics I reached the stairwell
door dragged the door open only at the
last second did I think to hesitate to
look through to make sure I wouldn't be
thrown back into the eunuchs zombie cave
of female sacrifice but no it was just
the stairwell grabbed him someone
shouted behind me I'm calling the police
shouted a woman this was going
incredibly badly the worst escape ever I
raced through the door I bounded down
the stairs taking three steps at once
ignore
the pain that knifed through my leg
every time I landed I reached the garage
floor I pulled open the door another
door so many doors doors everywhere but
here to thank God
no magic passage I dashed into the
garage I saw my car my Camaro but that's
not what I wanted I dug hurriedly in my
pocket I brought out Riley's Volkswagen
key I pressed the button the Volks a
ratty little gray Passat dented all over
blinked its lights in the garage as far
corner I rushed toward it pulled the
driver's door open looking over my
shoulder to see if anyone was chasing
after me no one gritting my teeth with
determination
I slipped through the Volkswagen door I
only saw the magic passage at the last
second too late I was already falling in
behind the wheel
the next moment my calf exploded in
searing agony as I felt the monstrous
claws sunk deep into my flesh again I
was dragged out of the mouse hole and
back into the cave and lifted swiftly
toward the creatures drooling jaws I
didn't think there was no time to think
I was lifted in the air upside down
spinning helplessly I caught glimpses of
the unimaginable beast that terrifying
sight that had made my mind go blank the
first time I saw it the daggers of its
teeth the blackness of its Maw the
horror of its shape the cave filled with
that roar that was so dreadfully like
many women shrieking I drew my sword it
was because the idea had occurred to me
back in Riley's apartment that's why I
was able to act so quickly without a
thought that's why I was not paralyzed
with fear and blinded with disgust as I
had been before I had had time back in
Walnut Creek to process the madness of
this moment and so now with only a
single second of life left to me my hand
was steady and swift acting almost
before my brain could tell it what to do
as the magic mercury armor poured out of
my skin and covered me I whipped the
sword in a vicious arc and slashed out
wildly toward the monster green black
blood sprayed everywhere the whole cave
echoed with that hideous shrieking
chorus of a roar the Beast lost its grip
on me I felt
I would have cracked my head on the raw
stone below but the rotting bodies of
the women broke my fall
I tumbled off the rancid pile amid a
shower of clattering bones I rolled only
hoping in my confusion that I was
rolling away from the shrieking monster
I jumped to my feet the green glow of
the slimy walls lit the swirling yellow
gases seeping up through the floor my
lungs were filled with the nauseating
miasma I turned and faced the creature
what a thing it was what an awful thing
a beast like a dragon but by some
ghastly magic its body was covered not
with scales but with fragments of its
victims it had become an abominable
amalgam of the people that had killed
each piece of it had been a woman once a
piece of a woman the slab of a thigh a
wobbling breast a torso worst of all
here and there along its flank and up at
serpentine neck there were faces dead
faces dead women gaping at me with slack
mouths and open eyes these fragments
made altogether a patchwork thing a
nightmare quilt of mutilated humanity
woven together into one great dragon
like behemoth ignored with all their
ghostly voices it reared so high its
head nearly scraped the ceiling of the
cave I stood beneath it quailing in my
heart of hearts but clothed in liquid
armor and gripping my sword in one
sweaty hand I braced myself for battle
for the simple reason that I had no
choice I saw where I had wounded the
thing I had sliced a part of its fore
arm that had once been a human leg it
was slashed and bleeding black the
creature had recoiled from the pain of
the blow but even in that moment as I
watched it it recovered it drew itself
up for a fresh assault its snaky neck
whiplashed back and I understood the
Beast was preparing to strike at me jaws
first it meant to snap me in half with a
single clamping bite of its enormous
teeth I peered at it through the green
mist all my pain and all my fear were
channeled into radiant awareness
I had to time this next move perfectly
the creature struck with stunning speed
its head
snapped out of the foggy upper reaches
of the cave it's open jaws it's dripping
teeth filled all my vision I spun to the
right
full circle out of its reach I felt the
things head blow past my back I saw the
green smoke swirling crazily in its wake
I came around and struck at it a
backhand blow the gleaming silver blaze
sat hard across the side of the dragon's
throat horribly The Shining edged Lance
through what had once been a woman's
face cutting it in half so that it's
spat green black blood at me God the
noise that shriek the shriek of a
hundred voices the whole cave trembled
with it as the Beast snapped backward in
pain I still turning stumbled on a dead
body at my feet
I staggered tripped over another corpse
I reached out for the cave wall and only
just managed to keep myself standing the
dragon meanwhile wheeled around to find
me and strike at me again I saw its eyes
flare huge fiery black eyes blood flowed
from the bisected face on its neck down
over the body parts that formed the
front of it blood dripped from the leg
in its wounded forearm to its shrieky
roar was an angry Babel it sounded like
a mob of female ghosts rioting on some
haunted street in Hell it swiped at me
with its claws this time claws like
sides I stumbled against the cave wall
and swiped back with my blade we both
missed but I and my light armor was
faster than the unwieldy dragon I
stabbed at it before it could fully
retreat this time I wounded the naked
female arm on the back of its paw the
Dragons snarled its eyes burning it
reared above me again
its huge teeth bared I crouched gripping
my sword hard in anticipation trying to
gauge which way it would come at me I
was tiring
I couldn't fend the creature off much
longer but then then something happened
I wasn't sure what the Beast breathed
deep a low growl a breath it glared at
me with what looks like real rage glared
as if it hungered not so much for my
flesh as
revenge and my destruction back to the
story in a minute but first another
Kingdom is brought to you by the daily
wire the nation's fastest growing
conservative new site with the web's
best political and cultural commentary
if you're enjoying another Kingdom and
want more early access to episodes and
other engaging content become a daily
wire premium subscriber today as a
premium subscriber you'll be able to
watch live episodes of the ben shapiro
show the michael nul show the Matt Walsh
show and me on the Andrew Clavin show
download our latest ebooks interact with
hosts by writing into the mailbag and
everything is ad free to become a daily
wire subscriber today just go to daily
wire comm and click on the subscribe
button on the top of the page
it's $9.99 a month or $99 for the entire
year to become a subscriber if you like
another Kingdom
you'll love the daily wire so go to
daily wire comm and click on the
subscribe button to join today but at
the same time it's hot stare changed
focus it seemed to be listening to
something some secret voice I couldn't
hear the next moment the dragon
retreated one heavy step the cave floor
shuddered with the impact the rotting
bodies trembled with it a skull was
jarred loose from atop a pile of corpses
it rolled down to the ground where its
lower jaw cracked and broke away the
Beast began to turn its face remained
toward me another second its eyes
remained on me with that same baleful
glare on fire for revenge when it
growled again I thought I heard those
phantom women's voices speaking I
couldn't make out the words not really
but I felt sure the beast was telling me
we'll meet again and with that it
swiveled away with surprising lizard
quickness it stomped off into its high
corridor into the green mist into the
far shadows and out of sight I watched
it go amazed was that it was the battle
over it seemed to be for now at least
for now the creature seemed to have
decided or to have been told by that
voice I couldn't hear that the risk of
further battle was too high
that we would fight another time in
another place where it would have
another better chance at me I lowered my
trembling sword hand the darkness of
death lifted from me and I breathed -
sobbing sigh of pure relief I sheathed
my blade it vanished into nothing
leaving my hand empty my armor slowly
melted back into my flesh I stood there
in the green mist in the yellow light in
the cave filled with women's corpses my
very bones were aching with weariness
and the wounds in my leg begun to
torment me again I looked down at them
the gauze I had put on my gashes back in
Riley's apartment was gone of course my
pants leg was torn ragged and I could
see my blood flowing freely through the
tatters still stunned that the fight was
so suddenly finished I glanced over at
the Mousehole that was the only exit
left to me I didn't know where it went
but I was going to find out right now
limping wincing with pain at every step
I went to the opening the headless dead
woman was still sitting there propped
against the wall I tried not to look at
her as I climbed back into the hole I
dragged myself along on my belly through
the narrow space again as before I saw
the opening widen saw it by the green
glow of light that came in behind me
from the eunich zombie cave of female
sacrifice again as before I felt the
cool air reached me and again my spirits
lifted to think there must be a way out
a way back to the world above but what
then my stallion was gone and after days
of travel on horseback I was still only
in the first of the 11 lands how could I
ever finish my quest and save galliano I
wasn't even sure I could get out of edge
amond
cursed as it seemed to be by the wizard
curtain the passage had widened enough
now that I could crawl along the rough
stone more quickly I could still feel
the cool outside air washing over me but
when I looked ahead when I saw the place
beyond the reach of the green light
there was only darkness and more than
darkness absolute pitch blackness so
much blackness slowly folding over me
that when I reached the end of the
tunnel I couldn't even see I was there I
just felt
my hands slip over the edge into nothing
I waved at the emptiness trying to gauge
how deep a drop it was I couldn't tell I
couldn't see a thing
it was hard work but I managed to turn
myself around in the narrow space I
cautiously slid my legs out over the
edge
I found a crack in the rock and dug my
fingers in and held on as best I could I
cautiously lowered my legs and slid my
torso over the edge of the corridor
until I was hanging by my fingertips how
crazy it would be I thought how crazy to
escape that Dragon and then die in a
fall
I let go of the rock and dropped I hit
the ground almost at once the impact
sent lancing bolts of pain up my wounded
leg but the fall was nothing two or
three feet I stumbled and then regained
my balance I squinted staring nothing I
was absolutely blind I had heard the
expression I could not see my hand in
front of my face well I couldn't I stood
still confused and overcome by so much
darkness and all at once a hand reached
out of the dark and seized my wrist I
let out a high-pitched shout and jumped
about three feet into the air like some
wimpy character in a second-rate
slapstick comedy I tore free of the
gripping hand but even before my feet
touched down again it occurred to me the
hand had not really felt all that scary
it was small and soft a child's hand
don't be afraid
came a little boys whisper from the
darkness it's only me it took me a
second or two to catch my breath then I
said okay who's me for answer the child
slid his little hand into mine
instinctively I took hold of it I came
here looking for my mother he said they
took her away they took all the mothers
I nodded I saw they took my sister too
and I was looking for them then the
monster came and I had to run away
did you see the monster yeah I sure did
it was scary it sure was
I had to run away he repeated sadly then
he asked me did it hurt you
yeah my leg a little it clawed me how
about you
no I was too fast I got into the hole
and crawled through I know a place
there's a pool in the forest the crying
man lives there he makes the water magic
it will make your leg feel better I
stared down in the direction of his
voice but I still couldn't see him not
even the shape of him do you know the
way out of here
I asked him and when there was no answer
I said are you nodding yes I can't see
you I can't see anything can you see yes
my eyes got used to the dark
why didn't you find your way home then I
don't want to go home
I don't like home anymore now that there
are no mothers there
right I let out a long sigh my leg was
killing me if there really was a magic
pond where I could get some magic
medical care
I wanted to magic over there in a big
magic hurry well lead the way kid I said
let's get out of here
the boys tiny fingers closed around the
edge of my hand I felt him tug me
forward I began to walk go slower I told
him I can't see out I had brushed the
top of my head on a low ceiling of rough
rock watch your head
said the little boy Thanks we walked on
me blind the path went uphill after a
while I could feel the cool air of the
outdoors coming to me stronger than
before damp and heavy as if with rain
but here there was no light none at all
I had to keep my free hand held up in
front of me for protection
I had to shuffle very slowly to keep my
balance what's your name I asked the boy
as we went he didn't answer me at first
then he said I don't remember now my
mother knew you don't remember your own
name no how long
you been down here long a week how long
is that seven days the Sun rises and
sets seven times that's a week I don't
know seven it's the fingers on one hand
then another finger then another oh no
I've been here much longer than that how
do you live I asked him how do you eat I
just do this wasn't getting me very far
either the kid was living like an animal
on mindless instinct or he was hiding
something from me but I had to keep
trying there were things I needed to
know if I was going to get out of this
cave and out of this country alive on we
went on and up I was about to ask him
another question when in the distance I
heard a low throaty growl I stopped in
my tracks holding the boy back what was
that I asked him just thunder
are you sure oh yes he said I wasn't I
wasn't even a little sure and it
occurred to me to wonder should I really
be following this kid was he really on
my side
was he really a little boy at all I
couldn't see him he might have been some
demon agent of the evil wizard imitating
a little boy's voice so he could lead me
to my death I mean how did he live down
here and how the hell could he see when
there was no light it didn't make any
sense the child urged me to start moving
again come on he tugged my hand it's
only thunder it can't hurt you don't be
afraid I followed his tug and shuffled
forward flinching at the pain in my leg
tell me something I said to the kid what
happened in your village it wasn't
always like it is now right I mean it
must have been different before they
took the mothers away oh yes it was
different then before the wrinkled man
came the wrinkled man curtain the wizard
the man in the story robe yes said the
boy in the story robe
the village like before he came I
stopped again I thought I had seen
something for a split second I thought I
had seen a flicker of light up ahead a
dim silver flicker but it was gone so
fast I couldn't be certain and then
there came another low growl well I
thought maybe the kid was right maybe
that flicker was lightning and the growl
was thunder like he said I relaxed a
little my suspicions fading we continued
to move the air grew fresher I thought
we had to be approaching the mouth of
the cave it was regular the boy said
then what at home
before the man came in the story robe it
was just regular there was another
flicker it lit up the stone in the
distance for two quick instance a few
seconds later the growl repeated
lightning thunder we were definitely
getting close to the outside there was
snow and rain said the boy
sometimes it was winter in the spring
invaders came and the men had to fight
them or they would take the mothers and
sisters away and our food too sometimes
there was no food because the weather
was bad the men prayed for protection
from the invaders they prayed for good
weather and food
God didn't help us so they prayed to the
wizard instead
for all I'd been through the hideous
monster back in the cave the cops after
me billiard ball and all the rest there
was still something unnerving about
listening to the boys tale something
about his dreamy hypnotic voice wafting
up to me in the dark it sent a chill
through me it was like listening to a
ghost story by a campfire in the dead of
night go on I said to him the men prayed
to the wizard and what the wizard came
not at first but then they made shrines
for him they made statues of him and put
them all around how do they even know
there was a wizard I asked the boy
hesitated a moment then he said I don't
know they just knew somehow okay so they
built shrines and statues for him what
happened then
one of the sisters said the boy I
shuddered in the dark as we trudged
along
mean they sacrificed one of the girls I
don't know they took her away she was
crying
never came back
and then the wizard came oh yes after
they gave him the sister he came it took
me a moment to follow the logic of this
but then I got it
sure I said if the men got rid of the
women
there'd be no mothers and children no
mouths to feed and nothing to draw the
invaders without women and children
there'd be plenty of food and peace in
our time
was that it they took my mother and
sister the boy repeated tonelessly as if
reciting something he had memorized for
school I climbed down here to find them
but then the monster came my god I
whispered so the prayers brought the
wizard to Edgemont and then he went on
from there to galliano the boy didn't
answer but that had to be right Curtin
drew his magic from the minds of men
that's what Torretta neo the king of
Shadow Wood had told me that's why the
wizard thrived in cities the more people
he had around him the stronger he became
after the idiots a new fel conjured him
out of whatever nightmare world had
spawned him he took over edge' monde and
then moved on to Galliano he'd seduced
Lord iron there
twisted the minds of the people al stood
the queen and staged his revolution he
won't stop there he must be planning to
take over all the 11 lands i murmured
more to myself than the boy the light
flickered on the cave walls again and
this time I was certain it was lightning
all right and when the thunder rolled
right after it I could tell by the sound
that we were very close to the mouth of
the cave the exit I peered hard into the
dark to see if I could make out at least
the silhouette of the boy beside me but
so far no the dark was still too thick
the boy tugged on my hand and his soft
ethereal voice floated up to me he'll
hear the man crying in the children's
forest that's where
Pond is what I said and just then my
hand held up in front of me touched raw
stone a wall had we reached a dead end
the boy tugged me to the right this way
I followed him a few more steps then
thunder and lightning struck almost
simultaneously first the flickering
lightning then the Thunder and the
lightning both at once in a long
muttering twinkling flash by that light
I saw the cave exit thrilled to find the
way out of this awful place I turned to
the boy I was still holding tight to his
hand the lightning struck again in the
cave lit up right around me I was alone
there was no one with me I left back
letting go of the hand or whatever the
hell it was I was holding the dark
settled over the tunnel again not full
dark now there was some dim moon glow
coming in through the cave mouth I
looked around no boy no one just me and
yet then from the emptiness the boy's
voice came again you'll hear the man
crying in the children's forest
that's where but then the voice faded
away into silence
I stood there gaping like a buffoon at
the place where the boy should have been
what was he I wondered a ghost EDD he
died when he came down here looking for
his mother was he cursed to wander in
the dark of the cave speaking to the
rare visitor who escaped the dragon or
was he something weirder worse more
sinister than that my heart beat hard
with fear bumps rose on my skin a
whistling wind blew in through the cave
entrance it stirred my hair and chilled
me I swallowed hard I wanted to get out
of here now
I limped quickly to the cave mouth what
a relief it was to step through out of
that darkness into even what little
light there was the sky was now covered
with thick clouds the stars were gone
from view but the bright moon still
illuminated a swirling patch of Thunder
heads the faint glow spread out over the
long grassy plain beneath I cast my eyes
around and saw the dark line of a forest
in the distance
I figured that was the forest the ghost
boy or whatever he was was talking about
the children's forest a harsh noise
startled me
frightened I turned toward it quickly I
laughed out loud my stallion I could
make out the shape of my black stallion
standing not a dozen yards away from me
he reared and lifted his forelegs into
the air and whinny loudly and greeting
It was as if he had just been waiting
for me to find my way to him how the
hell had he managed that but who cared
how there he was and man I was delighted
to see that horse he wasn't much of a
conversationalist but just his presence
made me feel a little less lonely in
this terrible country plus I didn't
think I could travel another three steps
on my throbbing bleeding leg the horse
came up close to me I pressed my face to
his and we nuzzled each other let's blow
this funhouse I whispered I stepped into
the stirrup and hoisted myself up into
the saddle ride I said we rode over the
dark land toward the darker forest in
the roiling sky above the lightning
struck again and the thunder followed I
could feel the rain gathering in the air
it wasn't long before the first trees
were all around me a short while after
that I reached the edge of the woods a
tangled depth of darkness stretched away
into the distance but I knew I couldn't
go on much further my leg hurt too much
and the terrors of the cave had
exhausted me I needed rest I scanned the
night searching for shelter in the next
flash of lightning I saw what I was
looking for a lean-to a low log
structure about as long as a man just a
little ways off along the treeline I
headed for it it wasn't much to look at
three log walls a plank floor and a
shingle roof but it would keep me dry
till daylight I pulled up beside it and
lowered myself off the stallion careful
not to land too hard and jar my leg my
wounds were really hurting now the pain
was dull and deep and all the skin
around was stiff and thick I felt like I
was coming down with a fever to the
gashes must have gotten infected damn
monster probably never washed its claws
tired sick I limped and stumbled into
the lean-to like a drunken man I
practically fell onto the plank floor my
eyes began to flutter shut immediately
then the lightning struck again and
there was the wizard curtain standing
over me I shouted and left to my feet
stumbling back in terror until I hit the
low wall the wizard just stood there
silent and motionless I caught my breath
as the thunder rolled and the lightning
struck again but in the fresh flicker of
light I saw that no it was not the
wizard it was just a painted wooden
statue standing in the lane to corner it
was a good likeness though the raisiny
faced the malevolent eyes the Tufts of
gray hair on his head and his chin the
starry robe they were all carved and
painted to perfection
they made shrines for him
that's what the ghost boy had said this
place must have been one of their
shrines my stomach rolled over I gagged
disgusted
I couldn't sleep here not what that
thing's staring at me one of us had to
go I limped over to the statue and
grabbed hold of it it was heavy but not
too heavy I rolled it on its base over
to the edge of the plank floor then I
shoved it out of the lean-to the moment
the statue hit the earth it exploded in
a great white flash my stallion whinnied
and backed away from it whoa
I said raising my hand to shield my eyes
from the sudden brightness blue-white
flames rose out of the icon it burned so
hot I had to retreat to the back of the
lean-to but after a few more seconds the
wooden image crumbled to black cinders a
moment more and it was Ash then gone
breathing hard I limped to the edge of
the lean-to and gazed down through the
dark at the black spot in the grass
where the thing had been the stallion
snorted and cautiously returned to sniff
at the place and stay out I muttered to
myself then with a sigh I lay down on
the planks again this country sucks I
whispered it did it was terrible here
black magic and red danger in the very
air I never thought I would miss
galliano
but I did I never thought I'd miss Los
Angeles but well I almost did my
breathing steadied my eyes sank shut I
fell asleep a crash of thunder woke me
it was dawn a green gray dawn still not
raining my stallion stood just outside
the lean-to pawing the ground
impatiently I did not feel good at all I
had a full-blown fever now my mind was
mozi my head was hot the pain in my calf
had spread over my whole leg when I
finally worked up the nerve to look down
at it I saw my entire calf had turned
dark purple the claw wounds were swollen
and separating pus seeping from the
blackening edges of the gashes if I
didn't get to the magic pond soon or to
a modern hospital in Walnut Creek I was
going to lose the leg lose the leg and
then die
the stallion snorted at me or employing
the earth I had to reach up and grab
hold of a log in the wall to pull myself
to my feet my leg would barely support
my weight I hopped over to the stallion
he looked down at my wounds in so far as
I could read the expression on his horse
he faced the expression said oh I
know I said I cried out in pain when I
hosted myself into the saddle I glanced
up at the sky the thunder heads were
growing darker by the second sickly
green and full of rain it was going to
be a bad day thunder rolled as the black
stallion and I plunged into the woods
quickly we were surrounded by a thick
gloomy eerie forest entangled branches
like witch's arms swaying in the wind
around obscure depths of shadow the wind
was strong and brought the scent of rain
fallen leaves whipped up around the
trunks of trees and into the twisted
vines the trees swayed and their wood
cracked the high branches whispered and
whistled
my fever grew worse I had to fight to
keep my eyes open and when they were
open my vision was wavery and unclear
somehow I managed to feel nauseous and
hungry at the same time after a while I
lifted my heavy head and peered into the
tenebrous thicket on every side of me
what had the ghost boy said you'll hear
the man crying in the children's forest
I reined in the horse and sat still and
listened all I could hear was the
rattling cracking whistling whispering
wind and then for just a moment the wind
subsided and I did hear something
someone a man's voice lamenting in the
distance I turned toward the sound and
as I did I straightened startled there
was a child there a child just standing
in the woods a little girl in a brown
dress she had long blonde hair around a
face that was so white it seemed
bloodless she stood on the Duff between
two scrawny Elms and stared at me
without expression then she turned and
slowly walked behind one of the thin
trees somehow narrow as it was the trunk
obscured her completely when she didn't
appear on the other side I
bird the horse to step around so I could
see where she was hiding she wasn't
hiding anywhere
she was gone okay I thought that was
spooky
confused feverish I blinked hard and
searched the woods for her I turned to
the right and cursed
I saw another child there at least I
thought I did there was a little boy
grimy and small staring at me
blank eyed the moment I spotted him he
shrank back into the shadows beneath the
branches of a spreading maple he blended
with the shadows until like the girl he
was just gone
spookier still and when I turned to the
left damned if it didn't happen again a
girl a different girls staring she sank
into the surrounding gloom and melded
with it and vanished the children's
forest what the hell there was a long
throaty rumble of thunder like a
growling Beast I raised my eyes and saw
patches of sky through the high branches
it had grown even darker than before the
clouds even heavier with rain the air
around me was turning that strange green
colour you get just before a mighty
storm the Thunder died away and once
again I heard the sound of a man
mourning in the distance I spurred my
horse and rode slowly toward the sound
it was a long ride a long scariest
ride I travelled deeper into the woods
through twisted shadows my fever
bedeviled me confused me every few
minutes I saw another child staring at
me watching me pass but whenever I
looked back a child sank away and became
one with the forest obscurity and was
gone
truly creepy maximum creepy if felt like
the whole forest had eyes and was
watching me and who were these children
what did they want
were they dead alive were they the
Wizards demons or just harmless phantoms
of my fever I pushed on through the
forest with their fading figures all
around me and all the while the man in
the distance wept I was getting nearer
now I could make out his words my love
he cried my only love I followed the
sound a cold wet wind of the oncoming
storm swirled around me and the leaves
swirled in
trees squeaked and groaned I swayed in
my satin fighting to stay conscious as
my fever grew worse as the sickness
closed around my head like a cowl of
damp cotton who knows how much more time
asked before through the Thunder dark
forest I caught sight of a glint of dull
silver water a pond I prayed to God it
was the magic healing pond the ghost boy
had told me about the stallion and I
passed through an arc of pine trees into
a little Grove there was the pond at the
center of the clearing a large circle of
dark water rippling with the wind I
blinked hard sick groggy
of its own will the horse carried me
toward the edge of the pond from all the
tree trunks all around me children
peeked at me and then ducked out of
sight but the crying man had stopped
crying the forest was quiet except for
the wind we reached the water the
stallion nosed it drank it then lifted
his head and nodded and whittled it was
okay I slid out of my saddle I was too
weak to hold on and I made a hard
landing crying out in pain as the impact
went up through my leg which was now
stiff and swollen well over the knee
gripping the leg and wincing I limped to
the pond the spectral children watched
me from the woods I went on limping
until I stepped off the edge of the
earth lost my balance and fell into the
water shoulder first it's flat the water
seemed suddenly to seize me I cried out
once then it dragged me down beneath the
surface and swallowed me whole it
surrounded me clutched me held me and
sucked at my body like some gigantic
leech it was agony it was rapture I let
out a bubbling scream and thrashed and
clawed to the surface and was dragged
back down again the pond sucked at my
body hard I could feel the deathly
toxins being torn out through my pores
which was great but in the meantime I
was drowning I gargled and choked and
thrashed back toward the surface and
with that the water suddenly let me go I
don't know how else to describe it it
just released me I bobbed up on top of
the pond like a cork gasping and sighing
and laughing and crying
to weekly I swam to the shore and pulled
myself onto the ground I fell on my back
and lay there spent staring up at the
wind whipped Pines I shouted oh and
laughed again and lay there taking stock
of my body I felt better the fever was
gone the pain in my leg was gone
the swelling gone when I could finally
gather myself I lifted my head and
looked down at the shredded bottom of my
pants leg my skin was clear the wounds
had vanished I was healed I fell back
against the ground the stallion bent
over me and nosed my face Wow I said to
him that was amazing for a moment I had
forgotten about the ghost children all
around me I had forgotten about the
lamenting man I turned over and crawled
to the edge of the pond I leaned down
and took a drink from my cupped hands it
was cool it was good I gazed into the
water I saw an image form on the surface
the image of a face but it was not my
face it spoke to me Ron it said run for
your life next time on another Kingdom
my heart seized in my chest as a whip
crack of thunder shook the branches and
lightning lit the green dark day it's
the wizard the man said to me its
curtain he senses your presence he's
coming for you I knew he was right I
could feel it his country belonged to
curtain and the wizard could feel me
here he was angry too his anger was in
the storm somehow somehow his anger and
the storm were one in the same and that
the storm was getting closer
this has been another Kingdom by Andrew
Klavan performed by Michael Knowles this
episode directed and produced by
Jonathan hey produced by Mathis Glover
executive producer Jeremy boring
associate producer Austin Stevens edited
by Jim nickel audio recorded by Mike
core Mina sound design and mix by Dylan
case music composed by Adrian Sealy hair
makeup and wardrobe by Joshua alvera di
T by Scott Key and our production
assistant is Colton Hoss visual
supervisor Jake Jackson lead illustrator
Rebecca Shapiro illustrations by Anthony
Clark animations by Alvin Tyner and Cole
Holloway another Kingdom is a daily wire
for word publishing production for word
publishing 2018
