so I wrote an article a few weeks ago
titled we have turned childhood into a
mental disorder and I've been I've been
wanting to do a show on the topic and I
thought now's as good a time as any
especially because the main reason I
wanted to visit this topic again is
because when I mistake I made when I
wrote that articles that I I think I was
being too limited in my scope the truth
is that we've not only turned childhood
into a mental disorder we have in fact
turned the human condition into a mental
disorder we have turned humanity just
the very state of being a human being
has now turned into a mental disorder
I would I would argue there are about
300 mental disorders listed in the
Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of
Mental Disorders the DSM kind of the
Bible of mental disorders and according
to a report published on the National
Institute of Health website in 2005
about half of the population half of the
population will qualify for mental
illness at some point in their lives
their lives by the standards of the DSM
okay half of the population now here's
an interesting logical question how can
you even call it a disorder if half of
the population has it it would be like
if half of the population had three arms
let's say it would be very hard to
determine that having three arms is a
disorder or a mutation because it's kind
of like well you got one half with that
and you know how do you know which half
is the disordered one I guess is the
question the psychiatric industry though
has has basically set out to catalog and
medicalize every human behavior emotion
inclination temptation and personality
trait and it would seem that we're
reaching a point where nobody in America
can be considered normal and you really
have to wonder actually where do the
drug companies and the psychiatrist
where do they get their
idea for what is normal because they're
talking all the time about well that's
abnormal that's disordered okay well
what is normal to you what do you
consider normal what is it what is what
is normal behavior what does a normal
person
what are normal feelings and normal
thoughts what is a normal brain because
it seems like you being the drug
company's psychiatrist doctors you very
rarely come across anything you consider
normal everything everyone that comes to
you apparently is abnormal so where are
the normal people is the question and
you know as we look at this mysterious
rise in mental illnesses across America
you know we're always taught about the
mental health epidemic there's and we
look at the fact that mental illness is
used to be incredibly rare and now it is
it is utterly commonplace and we look at
the fact that drug companies have so far
gotten almost 20% of the population of
America on to psychiatric drugs and when
you look at all those factors I think
you really have to start to wonder about
the chicken or the egg
because we could say that well yeah all
these people's mysteriously are coming
up with mental disorders and so that's
why they're all on these drugs but many
of these drugs cause suicidal thoughts
anxiety and depression meanwhile a lot
of Americans are having suicidal
thoughts anxiety and depression so could
there be a link there I mean is that
worth at least considering here's the
reality
before you had millions of America
Americans being put on these psychiatric
drugs you did not have an epidemic of
suicide depression anxiety now you do it
just so happens that these drugs they're
putting everybody on cause those things
again it's you know it's enough to make
you pause and just think for a minute
isn't it yet we don't pause we don't
even think about this it seems like most
people would just go along with it
now I focus very often on children when
it comes to this issue because I think
nowhere is the tendency to medicalize
the human condition more apparent or
more dangerous than with children
I mean we're putting kids on these drugs
and they're staying on them for their
entire lives as most people know there's
been an astronomical rise in ADHD
diagnoses over the last several years
and now somewhere around ten percent of
all children in the country have been
labeled with this alleged disorder and
the label is being stuck on kids at
earlier and earlier ages and we're now
told that kids as young as three years
old three years old can be diagnosed
with ADHD there are new medical
guidelines recommend that psychiatric
drugs for kids can start at four years
old if they're quote symptoms are quote
debilitating and a third of all kids
with ADHD are diagnosed before the age
of six and again when they put you on
these drugs there's very good chance
you're gonna be on them forever
you're never getting off it also just so
happens that there's a very high
likelihood that somebody who is
diagnosed officially with ADHD as a
child will develop later on other mental
disorders and it just so happens that
these drugs they're putting the kids on
can cause those other problems down the
line again is there possibly a
connection when you have someone who's
easily distracted at the age of four and
you put them on drugs and then at the
age of 16 or 18 now they have
debilitating depression is it possible
that the drugs you've been in Ubud
you've been the chemicals that you've
been sending into their brain the drugs
that you've had them on for the last ten
years could have something to do with
that is it possible of course doctors
will assure parents that the drugs are
safe and will cause no long-term
they're children but at best at best we
don't know whether or not that's
actually true so that it when doctors
are saying that they're lying they
cannot just the maid they will declare
it but they can't do it honestly oh yeah
that won't cause any problems down the
line what there's plenty of reason to
believe that these drugs are altering
your child's brain in ways that they
will feel for years to come possibly
their entire lives and on what basis now
I don't want to focus this whole time on
ADHD and I've done you know I've written
and done shows an ADHD before but but I
think we can't overlook ADHD because
that's a big part of this whole problem
and I think it's a I think it's a
catalyst for a lot of the other problems
down the line so we should ask on what
basis do we take this incredible step as
a society to drug into oblivion what
used to be considered completely common
and normal and even charming childhood
characteristics after all any
experienced parent will can look at a
list of ADHD symptoms and and see that
they are the most normal characteristics
in the world so here are a few symptoms
of ADHD in constant motion squirms and
fidgets makes careless mistakes often
loses things does not seem to listen
easily distracted does not finish tasks
now honestly I would be more concerned
about a child who doesn't display those
symptoms that I would be about a child
who does so so how on earth can we take
these normal childhood behaviors and
decide that in certain cases they could
be a manifestation of a mental illness
how do we do
well the the National Institute of
Mental Health offers a clue about this
and this is what the National Institute
of Mental Health says people who have
ADHD have combinations of these symptoms
now listen to the symptoms overlooked or
miss details make careless mistakes in
school work at work or during other
activities fail to not fail to UM to
follow through on instructions fail to
finish school work chores or duties in
the workplace avoid or dislike tasks
that require sustained mental effort
such as schoolwork or homework lose
things necessary for tasks or activities
such as school supplies pencils books
tools while it's keys paperwork eye
glasses and cell phones the Mayo Clinic
puts it this way in general a child
shouldn't receive a diagnosis of
attention deficit disorder unless the
core symptoms of ADHD start early in
life before age 12 and create
significant problems at home and at
school on an ongoing basis you notice
the word that kept popping up their
school school school according to the
medical community a child's personality
becomes diseased at the precise moment
that his personality interferes with his
schooling
now that's very odd isn't it because
physical diseases aren't judged that way
as I've said in the past if you go to
the doctor because you think you have
diabetes he's gonna run any number of
tests on you but I guarantee you this
here's what he won't ask he won't ask
you well is the diabetes causing
problems at home or at school no he's
not going to ask that because it doesn't
matter if it's a if it is if you have an
objective case of diabetes it makes no
difference whether or not it's causing
problems for you in this or that
environment it's the disease exists one
either way diabetes is diabetes at
school diabetes is diabetes
at home diabetes is diabetes when you're
alone in the for it doesn't matter what
you could be you could be on a desert
island all by yourself and you would
still have diabetes but ADHD is entirely
different because if you're on a desert
island by yourself you don't have ADHD
because it's not getting in the way of
anything if you're alone in the forest
you don't have ADHD because it's not
getting in the way of anything but the
moment that it becomes a nuisance the
moment that it gets in the way of
something that you're doing especially
school now it becomes a disorder so the
disorder is subjective environmental
contextual but how can that be a
disorder of the person is it not
possible that our perception is just
wrong is it not possible further
possibly that the environment itself is
disordered it's if a school cannot
function without putting hundreds of its
students on psychiatric medication then
should we not consider the possibility
that the school environment is the
disordered thing and not the kids
should we not consider that there may be
there is something about the way that we
approach modern schooling that makes it
so difficult or impossible for eight
four eight four four children with
certain personalities to succeed and if
that's the case that should we be
changing the kids or should we be
changing the school now this diagnostic
criteria is rather peculiar especially
because advocates for ADHD drugs will
claim that the disorder can be located
in the brain and we hear this about many
mental illnesses where we're told that
oh it would you know you you do your
research you don't know anything about
the science it's in the brain it's a
this is a it is in the brain you could
see it in the brain well then ants
if ADHD can be located in the brain why
is it diagnosed with a personality
survey they say they say the same thing
for depression every other mental
illness yet why don't they diagnose
these mental illnesses with brain scans
why is that if you're telling me that oh
it's clearly in the brain well then why
aren't we looking at the brain before we
tell somebody that they have this
disorder and here's what you never hear
of happening here's what you here's what
never happens at least I've never heard
of this and if you have them correct me
but I have never heard of anyone being
diagnosed with ADHD or depression or
what have you and then the diagnosis
being changed or overturned when
somebody looks at a brain scan I've
never heard of that
like you hear about that with with other
diseases you hear about somebody going
to the doctor because they appear to
have the symptoms of some physical
disease and then the doctor says yeah
you might have it they run some tests
and then they say oh no you don't have
it so that happens all the time with
other diseases it never happens with
these mental illnesses it's interesting
isn't it because if these things can be
found in the brain then there should be
people who think they have it but then
find out they don't because it's not in
the brain but that never happens so
here's the way that we approach mental
illnesses we say if there are
neurological differences in your brain
then it proves that you have whatever
mental illness but if there aren't any
neurological differences you still have
the mental illness you see the drug
companies win either way it's a rigged
game no matter what if you have the
brain differences then you see it proves
it if you don't have it yeah well you
still have it how is that that's how
does look I admit to you I'm not a
scientist all right but you tell how is
that consistent with the science
perfect process how is that medicine
what is scientific about that it's like
if a doctor called you up and said well
the AIDS test came back negative
oh thank god but you still have it what
what do you mean this no you just said
the tests are negative now it it may be
true and I admit it may be true that you
can find certain neurological
similarities among certain people who
have been diagnosed with ADHD or
depression or any number of other mental
illnesses and so so maybe you could look
at a you could line up a bunch of quote
ADHD brains and see certain thing going
on that are similar among among many of
the brains all right okay fine
even if you could find that you can also
find neurological similarities among
people with similar personalities and
dispositions like enthusiasm and
altruism if you were to take a bunch of
people who are very inclined to be
enthusiastic like my wife for instance
she's a very enthusiastic person and if
you were to look at her brain and look
at the brains of a bunch of other
enthusiastic people you'd probably find
things going on that are similar you'd
find the same thing among optimists and
among pessimists you know they say that
there's a there's a for lack of a better
term there is an optimistic brain and a
pessimistic brain but that doesn't prove
that these similarities cause optimism
or pessimism or enthusiasm or
hyperactivity you could also look at the
brain scan of a man who is grieving his
dead wife and you could find his grief
reflected in his brain you could also
see his happiness if his child was just
born if it you know a moment after his
child is born if you were to do a brain
skin you could see that reflected in his
brain you could even see the kind of
calm joy that he finds in prayer
reflected in his brain but that
prove that the chemical reactions in his
brain are causing the grief the joy the
closeness with God that he feels you see
just because you find it and just
because you find potentially a some kind
of correlation that doesn't prove that
the one causes the other and of course
I'm being very generous by even
accepting this idea of brain differences
after all people are still told to this
day that depression is caused by a
chemical imbalance 'men and drug
companies still sell drugs based on that
idea you know drug companies are making
hundreds of millions of dollars selling
drugs that are supposed to treat a
chemical imbalance 'men here's the thing
the drug companies know and the doctors
know that this imbalance meant does not
exist it has never been proven it has
never been found it has never been
demonstrated it was a theory concocted
by psychiatrists decades ago and they've
been trying for decades to prove it they
never have which explains why study
after study have shown that
antidepressants don't perform
significantly better than placebos and
they especially don't perform better
than active lesea beause an active
placebo that they would give you an
emetic 'el trial is like a isn't is a is
a pill that doesn't do anything to treat
whatever problem but it does come with a
certain side-effect so like maybe it's a
placebo that will cause dry mouth or
something like that or give you a
headache and the reason why they give an
active placebo is because then you know
you can kind of trick your mind what
once you once you've noticed you're
having side effect well then you're
gonna think that oh this is a real drug
and then the placebo effect can catch on
so in other words sometimes when they
when they when they test a drug and then
they and then and then they have the
placebo
those trials are not always reliable
because it could be that the real drug
is is is actually doing nothing but it
is causing some kind of physical side
effect which tricks a person into
thinking that the drug is doing
something so I think that could be why
antidepressants historically perform not
very well against placebos
let me quote now a paper in the public
library of science to our knowledge
there is not a single peer-reviewed
article that can be accurately cited to
directly support claims of serotonin
deficiency in any mental disorder while
there are many articles that present
counter evidence yet again they are
putting millions of people on these
drugs to treat a a chemical imbalance
'men that doesn't exist and that they
know doesn't exist now and we just go
along with it like I mean it's
incredible that that we all just sit
back and go along with this and doctors
go along with it putting people on these
drugs that are going to do all kinds of
things to their brain but are not going
to treat the actual chemical imbalance
macaws it isn't there now here I think
is the problem with our whole approach
to mental illnesses and and and this by
the way I'm not talking about brain
diseases a brain disease like dementia
where you can see the brain literally
atrophy now that's very different from a
mental illness and if a mental illness
were a brain disease then we wouldn't
call it a mental illness in other words
if
could definitively see that this mental
illness is caused by something going
haywire in the brain and we could see
that there's a there's a real disease in
the brain cut then we would just call it
a brain disease we wouldn't call it a
mental home but we call them mental
illnesses because they are we say
diseases of the mind rather than
diseases of the brain but what is the
mind and how can you diagnose it and how
do you distinguish it from the brain see
the thing is in diagnosing the mind as
distinct from the brain a psychiatrist
is now basically looking at the whole
human person okay looking at how
somebody feels how they live how they
think and from that deciding based on
entirely subjective criteria that a
person ought not be like that now it's
easy that usually this is an easy
process for it for a doctor a doctor can
look at a liver or a kidney or even a
brain and say no that's not supposed to
do that and that's usually the myth the
medical process here is like there's a
certain organ or a certain certain part
of the body that is malfunctioning and
so you can look at that and you could
see what the brain does during dementia
well it's not supposed to do that
clearly and so there's a disease but
with mental illnesses we look at
somebody prone to distraction or
somebody who's in despair or somebody
who has anxiety and and doctors say well
nope humans aren't supposed to have
those mental experiences nope or if they
do have them they should have them only
for X amount of time and to Y degree
yeah we never step back and ask says who
how can you possibly determine that how
are you in authority on how people
should think and act and feel who put
you in that position
how is that even a medical determination
a child isn't supposed to be easily
distracted who says okay based on how
what do you mean what how did you
determine that that a child isn't
supposed to be that way you know it's
very okay you can look at a child and
say he is easily distracted fine I know
that you can do that but when you get to
that he shouldn't be part of it what
what does that mean what do you mean
supposed to be shouldn't be in order to
look at a person's eye well they aren't
supposed to feel like that or they
aren't supposed to be like that in order
to make a claim like that and that is an
incredible claim to make but in order to
make that claim you must have some idea
of like the ideal person so if I'm
looking at something and saying well
it's not supposed to do that I must have
an idea about what it's supposed to do
so I can look at a computer and if I
knew about computers that I don't but if
I were an expert on computers and the
computer was having a problem I could
say no that computers not supposed to do
that and the reason why I can say that
is because I know what a computer is
supposed to do and I can prove it for I
can take a normal computer and show you
oh no this is what a computer is
supposed to do here's what your computer
is doing here's the the you know there's
a disconnect here and so here's how we
can fix it but when you look at a person
and you say they aren't supposed to be
and feel like that well then what you
have to be able to do is you have to be
able to take a quote normal person and
say oh dope that you see that person
there that's how you're supposed to be
how could you possibly determine that
and where is this normal person where is
this normal standard for a person by
which we are all being judged now of
course if you take an entirely
materialistic view of humanity which
most psychiatrists do
then you have to believe that everything
a person feels everything he thinks all
of his traits his characteristics his
flaws his sins his desires his goals his
love his joy his despair and so on are
all just material phenomenon but if on
the other hand you factor in the soul
and free will and the uniqueness of each
person created by a divine force then
it's clear that there's something deeper
okay there is something called a soul
and that is what drives and animates a
person he said I think it's really kind
of a philosophical question at the root
of this holder well there are many
philosophical questions we have we have
allowed the medical community and the
drug companies they have in my opinion
they have gone way beyond medical and
science they've gone way beyond medicine
inside and they have wandered into
philosophy and we are allowing them to
tackle these really deep philosophical
questions like when you say a person
isn't supposed to be and feel like that
that is a philosophical judgment not a
scientific one and there's another
question too in a philosophical question
what drives what animates a person if
you say that that we are nothing but
flesh and bone then I guess you would
have to answer that what really drives
and animates us is our is our brain
chemistry but if you're not a
materialist then you would say that what
drives and animates us the animating
force within us is actually our soul or
our mind and again it comes up you know
so for me as since I'm not a materialist
I would say that the soul and the mind
are the same thing now if you are a
materialist I don't even know what you
mean when you say mind what are you
talking about there's only the brain
there is no mind per se so I'm not even
sure what that means when you get into
you say the word mental mental illness
but all you believe in is but-but-but
you only accept the existence of a brain
well I think there's a confusion there
you can't even define what a mind is yet
you're diagnosing it I would say and I
think anyone who's not a materialist
would have to say that your mind is your
soul you know there's what on the same
so the point is even if a chemical
imbalance meant and it hasn't been but
even if it were there would still be a
question about whether that imbalance
'men is a reflection or a symptom of the
spiritual problem problem problem rather
than itself being the cause of the
problem and even if you don't factor in
the human soul I mean this is just
that's just one of the issues here even
if you don't factor that in and even if
you did prove this imbalance materi
still you wouldn't be able to prove that
the imbalance 'men
whatever disorder because you couldn't
prove that the imbalance 'men isn't
itself caused by say environmental
factors or life experience or any number
of other things so again there are these
enormous leaps of logic that are being
made when we talk about mental illnesses
and we're just allowing the drug
companies and doctors to make those
leaps and we're not even questioning
them but even if we were to put all this
to the side even if you were to accept
just for a moment that brain chemistry
determines everything about a person and
even if we were to accept that there is
this chemical imbalance and the chemical
imbalance 'men itself does cause say
ADHD or depression or whatever that
still wouldn't prove that a particular
personality like the ADHD personality
for instance is disordered
it doesn't prove in other words that a
person shouldn't be that way we've
decided that kids aren't supposed to be
that way
we've decreed it from on high like gods
and then we've set out to chemically
eliminate every human disposition that
we find inconvenient or difficult but
that is subjective it's arbitrary it's
not scientific and again we do the same
thing with adults we do with all people
we look at unfavorable characteristics
emotions and personalities and we decide
that because they are unfavorable they
must therefore be medical but I don't
think that's how medicine works so we
may say for instance that somebody has
an exotic disorder okay but who's to say
that they shouldn't have anxiety the
anxiety is disordered okay what do you
mean what is the proper order for
anxiety say it's a disorder of anxiety
okay well what what how is anxiety
supposed to work or are you saying that
there shouldn't be any anxiety at all
how do you determine that and who
determined it and on what authority
based on what science now I have a lot
of anxiety I it's unpleasant I don't
like it and no I don't think that a
person should live consumed by anxiety
but neither do I think that anxiety is
necessarily a medical condition and I
also
that it hasn't been proven to be a
medical condition it has rather been
decided philosophically than it must be
a medical condition and that's a problem
you know I think it's it's possible not
not just possible but I think there are
you know there are many problems that a
person can have serious problems
difficult painful problems that doesn't
mean that the problems are medical it
doesn't mean that they're physical at
all there could be other things going
wrong things in your life things in your
soul so you know you just there's any
number of other things that could be
happening to cause problems for a person
but what we've done is we have
eliminated all of those possibilities
and now everything has to just be
medical and physical I'm not saying that
mental illnesses don't exist I'm saying
that there are many questions we aren't
asking and we should be I'm also saying
that when analyzing a person's emotional
and mental issues we can't completely
disregard things like freewill choice
environment experience and the soul yet
that is exactly what we've done with
mental illness and we've done so on the
word of drug companies and psychiatrists
who themselves are still pushing
debunked theories to explain the
problems that they're supposed to be
treating that's what I'm saying
and that's all I'm saying and maybe the
we should think about and try to answer
before we continue along this path of
turning everything and everyone into a
mental disorder just a thought
thanks for watching everybody thanks
listening Godspeed
you
you
