so nate silver's putting GOP chances at
picking up seats in the senate picking
up seats at a higher chance than
democrats taking the Senate right now
the Senate is very close and who knows
anything could happen in the midterms
the party that holds the White House is
supposed to lose seats maybe lose the
Congress lose the Senate things are
looking pretty good to drive this point
home things are looking so good right
now
for Republicans compared to what they
should be looking like that there's this
candidate in in Nevada GOP candidate for
state legislature who is a pimp
he owns a bunch of brothels he died a
few days ago a dead pimp discovered it
as brothel by ron jeremy the 70s porn
star after a party that was attended by
joe arpaio the sheriff Grover Norquist
the tax guy and Tucker Carlson called in
dead the guy is actually dead dead pimp
in Nevada he is poised to win his race
it is right now all of the polling
suggests a dead pimp in Nevada is gonna
win the race because he's a Republican
over the Democrat this is unbelievable
stuff now look anything that could
happen here I don't want you to be
confused with my making a prediction
predictions can become self-fulfilling
here if the Republicans don't feel
motivated they won't get out the vote
and they're gonna lose everything
they're going to lose everything and
then they're going to impeach Trump and
then they're gonna try to convict Trump
in the Senate a Nate Silver the left
wing pollster still puts Democrats at an
eighty four percent chance of taking the
house that's what the data say right now
data have been wrong before I've got 400
smackers in a check signed by ben
shapiro over there because the data were
wrong in 2016 anything could happen
right now
enthusiasm is really high on the
Republican side this is some something
of what is unprecedented in part it's
because of Cavanaugh and part it's
because of Lyle waffle is warned in part
it's because of these unfair the rush
investigation that's I think now in its
75th year it's good you know all of
these things seemed very unfair the news
media stacked against them and that
everything is going so well
