from Alicia Michael oh I don't know what
language that's in what are the chances
that the Dems would come up with a new
candidate who would you pick for a
Democrat nominee in 2020
that's easy Jim Acosta no question Jim
Acosta won because he looks like a
generic president you know he's just
like a sort of glib guy with silly hair
you know perfectly quaffed hair and
everything which looks good on some
people but Jim Acosta would also be a
great choice because first of all he's
the mouthpiece of Democrats he's he oh
he tall he does is repeat Democrat
talking points on on like automatic he's
just on this automatic function and he's
already on the CNN mouthpiece of Iran
the Democrat mouthpiece of CNN he's
already on their main communications
platform so that would be pretty helpful
and also it would really rile up the
Democrats because he's a straight white
man as far as I know so they're gonna
say oh gosh he is he is the avatar of
Democrats but we have to hate straight
white guys now so what are what do we do
about it my ramaa and they rip them
apart and be really good and the the
simpler answer is Hillary Clinton it
looks like she may run might be more
likely that she runs again but who knows
if the Democrats will successfully
reanimate that corpse in time for 2020
otherwise my money's on Jim Acosta
