NATO is furious at President Trump for
demanding that NATO nations live up to
their promises and responsibilities NATO
representative Venn diagram and obscure
politician from some snowy nowhere just
north of Sunrise says the president's
irresponsible demands that NATO stop
taking advantage of the u.s. threatened
to bring an end to 75 years of peace and
prosperity brought on by NATO taking
advantage of the u.s. in a statement
translated from some incomprehensible
language or other mr. diagram told
reporters quote president Trump's
demands that we help pay for our own
defense fly in the face of our normal
practice of sticking America with our
defense bill and then bragging about all
the social spending we can afford
because our army consists of a
seven-year-old in a soldier's suit
playing with a toy truck if we are
forced to actually pay to defend
ourselves we would no longer be able to
look down on our American allies for
stinting on their social spending
because they're wasting their money on
us president Trump must remember that it
is America's sacred duty to spend its
money
protecting the NATO countries from
Russia so the NATO countries can use
their money to buy oil from Russia
unquote mr. diagram then went on to
invite reporters to visit the many
tourist sites in his country including
Santa's workshop and a big old patch of
ice he said quote he said quote it is
historic locations like these that NATO
was built to defend
so maybe Trump's right and who cares
trigger warning magic Clavin and this is
the Andrew Clavin show
it's like I write these things and then
I get to the line it takes me by
surprise crack myself up
alright the mailbag day great questions
in the mailbag it very very interesting
stuff that's that's how great it is
Lyndsey is screaming all the way from
Texas also on Tuesday July 17th at 5:30
p.m. Eastern 2:30 p.m. Pacific the
conversation returns and this time your
questions will be answered by me so you
know the answers are correct I will be
violating the court order and getting
close to our lovely host Alicia Krauss
the Q&A will stream live on YouTube and
Facebook for everyone to watch but only
subscribers can ask me questions over at
daily wire.com Alicia's like the
original me to you know check out the
pinned comments on this video for more
information
once again subscribe to get your
questions answered by me on Tuesday July
17th at 5:30 p.m. Eastern 2:30 p.m.
Pacific and join the conversation
and if you can't get enough of me and
who can really when it comes down to it
go on over to YF dot org because they
are booking speeches for the fall you
can have me come to your campus or I'll
come to your living room if you can
afford it and give a speech YF dot org
me and Knowles you can get either one of
us that's an easy choice so finally
finally because there's just so much me
there is so much me going city journal I
gave them a long-form interview really I
thought it came out really well about
finding Christ in a secular world they
have both the transcript and the audio
so you can get it all on city journal I
think it's City destron org but just
Google City Journal and you'll find it
plus see this beautiful watch you think
that's got to cost a lot but it doesn't
because it's a movement watch and
movement it makes incredibly nice
watches for a low price they start as
low as nine
be $5.00 how do they do it they leave
out the vowels it's spelled M V M T so
you don't have to pay for all those
expensive vowels if you were paying for
the vowels that thing would be a fortune
this company has grown like crazy it's
almost sold two million watches in 160
countries they continue to revolutionize
fashion on the belief that style
shouldn't break the bank you can get 15%
off today with free shipping and free
returns by going mmmmmm that's how you
pronounce it without the vowels its M V
M T dot-com / Andrew cy movement keeps
growing check out their expanding
collection of beautiful watches they got
sunglasses to go to movement calm /
Andrew M V M T one thing I love is I
love a beautiful watch but I'm just too
cheap to really pay the big prices so
movement solves the problem join the
movement
alright one of the biggest mistakes you
can make in life and we all do it
everybody does it is explaining away the
opinions of your opposition right people
do this to each other all the time they
say well you're just saying that because
X Y & Z you're just saying that because
you're black the left is always saying
because you're right because you're
racist because of this and that we my
favorite has been that David Brooks one
where he says we don't have terrorism
because of Mohammed because of
Mohammed's philosophy it's because these
are young men out of jobs but the thing
is you got to listen to what people are
saying I remember during the election
people said well you've decided to vote
for Donald Trump because older people
older people are have decided that this
is the last election so they're
sacrificing everything for this election
I thought well maybe I've decided to
vote for Donald Trump because older
people are wiser than younger people
maybe that's it you know but the point
is you got to listen to what people are
saying if the terrorist says I'm killing
you because of Allah it is probably true
that he is killing you because of his
interpretation of Allah and you should
listen to what he's saying and that is
how you learn stuff and really find out
what's going on and this comes up both
in understanding Trump who's constantly
being dismissed either as an idiot or as
a guy who's playing 10 dimensional chess
and nobody just listens to what he's
saying
and thinking well that may be right that
may be wrong and of course it comes into
play with us when we listen to
the Democrats what the Democrats are
saying in their opposition to Brett
Kavanaugh Trump's Supreme Court pick we
didn't have the show was so crowded
yesterday that we didn't have time to
really go into this so I want to just
take a look at this because I want to
look at what they're saying and what I
feel about what they're saying what my
arguments are about what they're saying
the Democrats like I said yesterday
they're in a gent Trump has put them in
a genuine political bind they are all
out hysterical if they if they become
completely hysterical and demonize Brett
Kavanaugh they shoot their wad
they've waste their gunpowder because
either Breyer or Ruth Bader Ginsburg
they're getting up there if Trump wins
re-election they could easily die in
that period or retire and then when he
says okay now I'll pick Amy Barrett
they've wasted they've already done
they're literally Hitler routine and
they can't do it again
on the other hand if they don't get
hysterical they lose the base because
their base is absolutely nuts so they're
making basically three arguments and
then the three arguments they have there
the first one here's a summary of their
general arguments more specifically
their first argument is that Cavanaugh
is an extremist here is the lovely and
talented Chuck Schumer putting that
forward
do you believe Judge Cavanaugh is an
extremist I believe he is far far right
on so many issues the ones I've
mentioned and particularly alarming is
of course the one about presidential
power at a time when we have a president
who just routinely overreaches and
doesn't respect rule of law but I also
on gun rights on environmental rights on
LGBTQ rights he is way way way to the
right of the American people he is not a
mainstream judge and that's why the
Federalist Society and the Heritage
Foundation groups that are not in the
mainstream have chosen him have
pre-selected him had Donald Trump chosen
someone from off the list which I urged
him to do when he called me we might be
in a different situation but
the fact that the president campaigned
on these things and created his own
litmus tests and then the fact that he
could we've led two groups that
vehemently strongly fervently believe in
these two things makes it pretty clear
that this is an extreme nominee see this
is really important and this is a bind
that the Democrats have gotten
themselves in through their ownership of
the media and Hollywood is they don't
know where the American public is okay
the American public I mean most people
are not extreme right-wingers or extreme
left wingers they are nuanced they have
thoughts about things they figure out
yes on this issue I'm here on this issue
I'm there the polls don't always even
reflect that because when you go and
talk to people and don't just ask them a
prepackaged question that they have to
say yes or no to they will they will
explain their thinking and a lot of
times they have a lot of nuanced
thoughts like when you read that book
the great revolt by Salinas ito we had
her on the show she went out and
interviewed the Trump voters and some
you know they had a lot of things to say
I don't like Trump here I don't like him
there but ultimately he was the best
test Chuck Schumer doesn't know what an
extremist is he has no idea what an
extremist is Brett Kavanaugh wants to
follow the Constitution he does not want
to make law in the Supreme Court and
this is really important how do most
people feel about that - most people
feel that yes the Supreme Court should
just follow the law as written I would
believe they probably do I mean the you
know the press can get people ginned up
and excited over things but I don't
think Chuck Schumer knows what an
extremist is and I think the damn it
this is a big problem for Democrats if
they think they're making themselves
beautiful by screaming at people and and
harassing people I think they're really
mistaken about this that's my guess so
this extremist argument is one of the
weakest parts of the Democrat parties
because they are surrounded by people
who agree with them in Washington on the
press and in Hollywood they think the
culture is on their side I think they
are way way way wrong especially on roe
v wade on roe v wade
remember Rove if roe v wade is repealed
the issue just goes back to the state's
liberal states will have abortion law
pro-abortion laws other states may not
have abortion laws it is not like this
kind of we're suddenly going to be
living in the handmade tale it's just
that people are gonna have to convince
you of what you want in your
state which is the way a federalist
society is supposed to work so you had
Dana Bash talking to men she's the vice
president Mike Pence we was shortened it
to mention because we like a museum and
so Dana Bash is talking to him and Pence
is great on this this is it he's great
in this interview Dana Bash I actually
pay a respect here she's just doing her
job she's trying to get him to say that
this judge will repeal roe v wade this
is cut number four he worried that he's
not going to follow what you want to do
well Dan as you know i'm pro-life i
don't apologize for it and i'm proud to
be part of a pro-life administration
that's advanced pro-life policies but
what i can assure you is that what the
president was looking for here was a
nominee who will respect the
constitution as written who will
faithfully uphold the constitution in
all of his interpretations of the law
there's still one way to overturn well I
do but I haven't been nominated to the
Supreme Court right the administration
that campaigned you and the president
campaigned saying you will find nominees
to overturn Roe vs. Wade will you be
disappointed if he is given that
opportunity and he doesn't will be
disappointed well let me say as I said I
I stand for the sanctity of life this
administration this president our
pro-life but you know what would the
American people ought to know is that as
the president said today this is not an
issue that he discussed with judge
Kavanagh I didn't discuss it with him
either see Dana Bash thinks that if she
can get the confession out of Mike Pence
that this guy is anti Roe which is not
really clear and kind of doubtful that
he would be that radical to repeal it
but he might I don't know you know when
she thinks if she does that the whole
country is gonna go up and smoke that's
not true it's not it's not that people
don't have nuanced views on abortion
rights and abortion laws they do but roe
v wade is different remember than
abortion row v Wade takes away from the
state's the power to make law honest an
issue that's not mentioned in the
Constitution and you know here in LA we
depend on our cars we live for our cars
and we live in our cars and we've got an
a you know I used to be able to fix cars
but now that they're computerized it's
impossible so your car breaks down and
you go to the mechanic and the mechanic
says see Wow that grebe Estrada's
rubbing up against the Fobus dude and
you have no idea what he's talking about
get one of these little things they're
called fixed F I XD I think it cost
about 39 bucks and you plug it into your
car their each new cars come all come
with these plugs that you put it in and
it's constantly scans your car for
problems and tells the app that you had
a free app you get on your phone and
tells you in plain English what is wrong
with your car this was created by three
Georgia Tech grads they wanted a simple
easy-to-use product that would eliminate
shady mechanics ability to rip people
off it's selling like crazy
fixed alerts you to over 7,000 potential
issues in real time it's very cool too
it's really fun you get it right on your
phone right now you can get fixed it's
fi XD for as low as $39 each plus my
listeners will get an additional 10% off
when you enter the promo code Clavin and
I know what you're thinking how do you
spell that it's que la vie a n go to ww2
my car comm WWE listen to my car comm
and enter promo code Clavin for an
additional 10% off the already
discounted price of fixed fi XD
really simple to use really useful all
right by the way speaking of the fact
that the Democrats are lost in their own
world I just have this is off the topic
a little bit we're going through the
arguments against katma but I just got
to play my favorite cut of the reactions
of Cavanaugh Jeffrey Toobin has just
been covering himself in disgrace the
guy's Louise the legal analyst at at CNN
and he had this comment this was his
comment on hearing about Brett Kavanaugh
this should be cut ten okay can I just
make we're talking about personal points
yeah think about two people who watch
tonight Brett Kavanaugh is a judge on
the DC Circuit you know who the chief
judge of the DC Circuit is it's Merrick
garland how do you think he feels today
I mean Merrick garland is a class act
he's moved on with his life but you know
the idea that he never
God the moment that bread that Cavanaugh
is gonna get him and he got the moment
of being announced but he never got the
other person is Trump sister is well
sister who's vice was not taken but
Hillary Clinton
I mean Brett Kavanaugh made his name by
investigating not just the star you know
not just white water but the Monica
Lewinsky part right now the the the
sexual deviant tawdry sordid and deep
and dark stuff is you know making his
name for himself got him on the
trajectory that he is today and Hillary
Clinton has to watch yet another Supreme
Court nomination that she thought she
was gonna write this is this is what
Toobin thinks moves the hearts of the
American people what Merrick garland and
Hillary are feeling there oh my god you
know what are they the king and queen
who cares what they're feeling you know
we're all feeling things so this is what
bothers Jeffrey Toobin he thinks we're
all people is probably he probably
thinks people are sitting at home
dabbing at their eyes you know with
Kleenex oh my gosh Hillary Clinton
anyway the third argument is my favorite
it is a beaut
it is the argument that Trump is
appointing Cavanaugh to get him off the
hook for his collusion with Russia this
is wonderful for cuz because now they
have gin themselves up I don't know if
you saw this in New York Magazine to the
fact they're actually making the
argument that Trump is a Russian spy so
help me this is true I'm not making this
up they have this whole try to be in
that chart the chart if you can see this
that they put out it's like something
out of a conspiracy theory with Mel
Gibson he's got all the strings attached
and everybody and Trump is a Russian spy
Cory Booker delivers this is this thing
I love this who cory booker delivers the
whole conspiracy theory of why he's
appointing Brett Kavanaugh well first
and foremost we need to understand that
this was the only pick amongst his
entire list that has explicitly said
that a president should not be a subject
of a criminal investigation it's almost
as if president said let me find the
person that smokes gonna protect me
under investigations already led to over
70 charges over 20 individuals
corporations have been charged
guilty pleas one sentencing so we have
an ongoing investigation that's a
bipartisan supported investigations we
saw throughout the Senate committee and
a president who's saying I have a chance
to now make sure the Supreme Court gives
me a get-out-of-jail-free card or gives
me indemnifies me against many issues
that might come my direction and so this
is a time in American history where we
literally to have the Supreme Court
deciding can a president in any way
pardoned himself can a president stop a
criminal investigation can a president
fire key people who are doing this
investigation all those things can end
up before the Supreme Court and he now
has just put somebody there who has
writing that basically said very clearly
the president should be free of such
investigations and that to me is a
massive conflict of interest that's the
whole thing is utter nonsense first of
all the idea that there have been all
these charges from the Russian
investigation and that has somehow
implicates Trump virtually none of these
charges had anything to do with Trump
most of them took place before people
before the campaign was going on some of
them are charges against entities in
Russia that we know not of it that will
never come to trial I mean it's just it
that part is nonsense what did he say
what did Brett Kavanaugh say he wrote a
piece for the Minnesota Law Review in
which he remember Cavanaugh started out
he was in the Starr investigation
against Hillary Clinton and he pointed
out it in this article which is true
that because Clinton was wrapped up in
the hill in the Monica Lewinsky scandal
and the Starr investigation he did not
pay full attention to bin Laden and
several times he let bin Laden get away
when he could have been killed because
he was afraid of his standings he felt a
standing had been weakened because of
this investigation and so Cavanaugh
wrote a piece saying you know it might
be a good idea for Congress to pass a
law saying that a president would be
protected from criminal investigation
and indictment while he was in the White
House he didn't say that the Supreme
Court should pass a law he said Congress
might want to pass a law today do this
now that is really important because it
speaks to Cavanaugh's commitment to the
separation of powers they keep saying oh
he respects the executive no he respects
the separation of powers which we
learned yesterday protects your freedom
so that judge jury and executioner not
all in the same place
lawmaker judiciary and executive are not
all in the same place that protects your
freedom and that is what they're really
worried about because they picture the
Supreme Court as a legislative body as a
bot they want all the power they have
wanted all the power solidified
completely in the Supreme Court they
wanted to make what Bernie Sanders said
this he was asked about he was asked
about why he approved one of these
judges on Trump's list for a lower court
but wouldn't approve of him for the
higher court listen to what Sanders says
there is a difference between voting for
somebody in a lower court and somebody
floating voting for somebody in the
highest court of the land there's a
fundamental difference and if I mean
principles would matter in either case
right well the principle is that the
Supreme Court makes the law of the land
and determines what happens in our
country in virtually every area so yes
there is a fundamental difference no
they don't they don't make the law of
land they decide whether the law is
constitutional not whether it's right
not whether it's good not whether it
would help gay people have dignity or
help women get abortions they're just
supposed to decide whether its
constitutional that's their only job and
because this is every argument they're
making he's an extremist because he
believes that Kat the argument against
the extremism he overturn Roe because
Rho is clearly a not a constitutional
decision and he's gonna set the
president free which is just nonsense
but they fear it because they fear that
the supreme they feel that the Supreme
Court should be the lawmaker and the
executive and the judiciary
where we feel it should be what it was
meant to be in the Constitution that is
what all their arguments boiled down to
that the Supreme Court they feel the
Supreme Court is something it is not
supposed to be you know when you listen
to their arguments you learn stuff and
the same thing is true of our president
Donald Trump you know he has been so
demonized on the one hand and so much
it's all about how stupid he is he's too
stupid to know what he's doing he's
blundering through everything so he's
all operating on instinct that's the
ideas everything he does is on instinct
that's one side and the other side he's
playing six dimensional chess upside
down in a sealed water tank which is
also nonsense
he has a certain set of views that he's
implementing in in his foreign policy
which is where the president is most
powerful so he's in Brussels this is
great I love this he's in Brussels he's
sitting at a dinner with the NATO guys
with the NATO representatives and it's
just supposed to be a photo-op you know
they're snapping pictures and he just
goes off on NATO he first he starts on
complaining about the fact that they
don't pay their fair share of their
defence thing which he's absolutely
right about but then he goes off on this
rant against Germany paying the Russians
to build essentially to build another
oil pot pipeline to bring oil into their
countries if this table doesn't do this
said when Germany makes a massive oil
and gas deal with Russia yeah you're
supposed to be guarding against Russia
and Germany goes out and pays billions
and billions of dollars a year to Russia
so we're protecting Germany we're
protecting France were protecting all of
these countries and the numerous of the
countries go out and make a pipeline
deal with Russia without paying billions
of dollars into the coffers of Russia so
we're supposed to protect you against
Russia but they're paying billions of
dollars to Russia and I think that's
very inappropriate and the former
Chancellor of Germany is the head of the
pipeline company that's supplying the
gas
ultimately Germany will have almost 70
percent of their country controlled by
Russia with natural gas so you tell me
is that appropriate of any would like
been complaining about this from the
time I got it it should have never been
allowed to have happened but Germany is
totally controlled by Russia
so everybody's screaming about this how
can he do this he's destroying NATO NATO
protects as he's treating our friends
like our enemies and then he's friends
with Russia he's exactly right this is
exactly right they are giving Russia 11
billion dollars and the reason they need
the Russian oil is because they shut
down their nuclear plants why did they
shut down their nuclear plants because
they got scared by that in 2011 that
Japanese failure of a nuclear plant
after an earthquake the earthquake
happened and the plant automatically
shut down and then there
a tsunami and that destroyed the
generators so that there was a meltdown
nobody died I mean that's how secure
nuclear nuclear power is there that
people died from the tsunami and people
died from the earthquake but they didn't
die from the nuclear meltdown that's how
safe it is but they all live and they
shut down coal because of their
environmental policies their green
policies they've shut down their nuclear
power plants and now they've got to buy
oil from Russia and then they're Kasane
to us protect us from Russia well
they're funneling 11 billion dollars for
this pipeline oh the pipeline hasn't
passed yet but he's yelling about it as
well he should as well he should
hey you remember we had Brad Thor on the
show the other day a great guy and a
terrific terrific thriller writer and he
was talking about the fact that because
he's a conservative we don't know if
this is with why but I'll tell you it's
why they haven't made his films into
movies but the second best thing the
next best thing to a movie of Brad
Thor's great novels is listening to them
on audiobook and spymaster his latest is
available now you can listen to
spymaster it's the latest audiobook by
Brad he's in number one New York Times
best selling military thriller author as
well he should be his guy is Brad was it
was his name Horvath right yeah and he's
he's the guy season yeah what is it yeah
that's it Scott Ansari he's a Navy SEAL
turned covert counterterrorism operative
Scott Horvath there it is interesting
I've read a number of the spymaster as
his later one brett is his latest one
brad says it's about how far would you
go to avoid war you can get it on audio
book read by Armin Schultz who's been
reading his books forever they really
have a very close relationship and
understands it he is just at the top of
his game as he has been for a long long
time you can listen to the book the
audiobook you can get it anywhere audio
books are sold wherever you like it at
audible or on Amazon wherever you get
your audiobooks it is packed with action
great characters electrifying intrigue
as always that's Brad Thor's spymaster
available from as an audiobook all right
it is now time for us to the mailbag but
we got to say goodbye to Facebook and
YouTube come on over to the Daily wire
com subscribe for a lousy ten bucks
a month or a hundred bucks for the year
you will get the leftist tears tumblr
just in time for the hearings on Brett
Kavanaugh and it will be filling up
automatically every time a every time I
leftist cries and angel gets his wings
and your tumblr fills up automatically
subscribe come on over and hear the
mailbag now alright the mailbag I love
it alright from Tristan Andrew my wife
and I recently had a baby girl she's
just under a month old I was really
looking forward to being a father but
feel I'm falling short recently my wife
left me with our baby so she could go on
a much-deserved night out with her
friends
almost immediately after she left our
daughter started crying non-stop I tried
everything I could to get her to stop
nothing worked she continued to cry I
felt myself getting more and more angry
and it took all my self-control not to
shake her at one point I had to set her
down in her crib and walk away
eventually I went numb towards her and
the crying what is wrong with me I
really want to love my daughter but
right now since she cries every time I
hold her I've grown cold and indifferent
towards her I hate that I feel this way
I want to avoid any sort of counseling
because I'm worried it could affect some
of my clearance for my job in the Marine
Corps please help me all right I'm gonna
take some time with this because it's an
important question first of all first of
all I'm gonna assume by the way that
there are no underlying issues here like
alcohol or drugs so you don't mention it
I'm gonna assume that's nothing not
there first of all great job not shaking
the baby this is a major major thing in
doing this you are a successful dad for
the rest of your time with this child
you were going to have moments when you
get angry and lose your temper and your
job as a dad your first job is to
protect that child and to protect the
child from the anger within you is one
of the things you're going to have to do
and all parents have to do so you did it
successfully that's dad that is being
dad good job that is the right thing to
do you know we all feel stuff we all
feel bad stuff doesn't matter does not
matter what matters is what you did and
what you do and what you do to that
child who did not shake the baby which
was hard if that's hard to come back
from so that's a good thing all right so
second of all now what's what is your
job here step back a little bit this is
like a mission you know the mission is
not about how
you feel don't think that your job is to
love the baby I'll get back to that in a
minute your job is to take care of the
baby and raise the baby so how do you do
that first of all you should see I keep
saying first of all but now we're up the
third of all is you you should see that
you should know babies are annoying they
are a total pain in the neck they cry
they keep you up they're hard to deal
with and sometimes you get angry at them
and sometimes you don't understand the
noise anymore you know that is part of
babies and for fathers it usually takes
a little longer to connect with a baby
when they start to smile it gets a
little bit easier you start to see the
reaction mothers generally connect
faster but not all the time so what
you're going through is normal the fact
that you don't love the baby you feel
cold to the baby angry with the baby
don't worry about it that is normal your
job is not to love the baby or just to
take care of the baby and raise the
child okay that's that's the first thing
so and beta babies are a pain in the
neck they really are also you are part
of a team you're not alone in this
you're part of your team the biggest
member of your team is your wife do not
hide this from your wife do not not tell
her what is going on in your heart and
mind don't be afraid of shocking her
don't be afraid you know just to sit
down calmly explain that you're having a
problem you know it's a problem you are
not your problem you have a problem that
that you are not connecting with the
baby yet that's okay
make sure it may not be a good idea for
you to be left alone with the baby right
now if you're getting that angry you
know to discuss it with your wife if you
got parents in your life where you get
along with who helped you discuss it
with them you're a team you're there to
take care of the baby all together you
don't have to burden this you don't have
to bear this burden by yourself finally
you know you're gonna love the baby it's
gonna happen relax relax
don't be afraid don't worry about how
you feel right now it really is really
is not you know you don't we don't live
on Facebook we don't live on TV we have
all kinds of uncomfortable feelings that
come into our minds and come into our
hearts you see everybody else on
Facebook they all look so happy you
think you're supposed to be like that
you see people I think babies oh we're
so blessed we're so you know don't worry
about it
let let your wife if the baby cries
every time you pick them up which
happens a lot by the way you know think
of it for a minute from the baby's point
of view baby was having a great time was
being fed autumn
II was in the womb everything was taken
care of suddenly here she is she hadn't
know what's going on right she's she's
helpless she can't feed herself she
can't get anywhere she's in this world
she's never seen before what the hell is
going on okay so that's why she's crying
she gets the mom oh good mom is feeding
me I get that okay like the dad that's
another step maybe she hasn't gotten
that yet so so don't if the baby cries
every time you pick him up pick her up
don't pick her up just look at the baby
while your wife hasn't taken pictures of
the baby so you can look at her when
she's smiling and happy relax you're
gonna get there you will love the baby
just do follow your mission your mission
is to take care of the baby not to love
not to feel anything your mission is to
take care of the baby
you already succeeded when you put her
in the crib instead of shaking her that
was a big success keep on that path you
will get to the place where you love the
baby all right so like don't don't worry
about I feel worried about what you're
doing and take it and be part of the
team you know get your wife involved in
this you you you understand you have a
difficulty don't have the difficulty by
yourself all right and write it back and
tell us how it's going because we want
to know for Michael dear Andrew I hear
heard Ben say that one of the issues
Judaism has with Jesus as the Messiah as
that God coming to earth as a man is
unprecedented that this is something
completely out of step of the Old
Testament how does Christianity justify
this is there any plausibility to the
claim that because Jesus is the second
Adam the Old Testament does in fact have
a similar occurrence no no that the atom
is made of dust right so Adam is made in
God's image that makes him special but
he's made of dust and dust in Hebrew
language is basically nothing you know
you are dust if thou are dust and to
dust thou shalt return there is a big
distance between God and man in the Old
Testament and that distance is breached
and the idea that the unfathomable king
of heaven and earth could appear in
human form is in fact unfathomable to
the Jews and the idea their idea of the
Messiah was of a king who would come
back and re-establish the line of David
and the Empire of David who was not of
God coming to life in human form so
there's a lot of misunderstanding about
this I hear Christians say why can't
choose just by all the prophecies are
there but they don't read them as
prophecies so they're not there to the
Jews right and the
some I sometimes hear Jews say well all
Jesus did is spread because Jesus was a
Jew from birth to death he was a Jew his
whole life I sometimes hear Jews say
well all he did is really spread Jewish
ethics to all people but that's not true
either Jesus says at one point we you
know I used to be I we are now friends
because you now understand what I'm
doing that is a change in our will not
just in ethics it's a change in our
relationship with God it means that we
are have a closer companionable
brother-to-brother relationship with God
that we did not have before that is not
in the Old Testament there's a lot of
cool stuff in the Old Testament about
Abraham like negotiating with God but
there's not that close up skin-to-skin
brother-to-brother relationship with God
that I think really only becomes a fact
of life after Christ is on earth so
there are differences between the Jews
and the Christians and you know instead
of yelling each other we understand the
differences and you know and then at the
end of time the Jews find out we're
right that's know I'm sure but Ben is
absolutely right it is a big change and
very hard for Jews to make that leap
from Andrew to my fellow Andrew I am
probably weeks away from proposing to my
girlfriend of over five years but I had
one concern about our relationship that
hasn't quite disappeared her mother God
lover is a twice-divorced
liberal feminist thinking woman and
every man I talked to cannot be quicker
to tell me all women become their mother
I've had to learn over these five years
of my girlfriend is not her feminist mom
and he goes on to explain why she sounds
like a wonderful girl great girl and he
says PS I asked you for advice in the
mail back three years ago on novels and
you recommended Empire of Lies and
amazingly my girlfriend didn't leave me
after reading it grabber
this thing about that women becoming
their uh their mothers is nonsense I
mean you know obviously there's genetics
obviously there's upbringing but it's
not like a curse it's like she's
magically gonna transform she's telling
you who she is you've been with her five
years you see who she is
Mary er I mean my my wife is nothing
like her mother and nothing like my
mother so Freudian Freud was wrong about
that too you know it's just it is just
ridiculous don't even worry about from
Benjamin uh I was browsing your IMDB
page that's what everybody knows what
that is right that's the movie page and
I noticed you were
even writing credit for the 2008
American remake of one miss call that
was one of the last movies I expect this
is he on your page my question is if
that is a mistake or did you in fact
write that film if so did you simply
write it and call it a day or did you
help out on set also what are your
thoughts on the finished product I've
heard of screenwriters not being happy
with the end result of their film since
they are not always allowed to have
input once the filming begins it says PS
we need to upload a headshot to your
IMDB profile I did write one missed call
I've confessed to it I think it has a
zero percent rating on Rotten Tomatoes
and you know it was it was a scary
Japanese film
I felt I wrote a kind of funny satirical
script that really worked
I felt the film really if the pill was a
hit by the way I mean I think really
good money off that film because it was
like a number it was like a number one
DVD forever and it was number five they
opened number five on this weekend which
was big for it because it was a small
film so it really did well but it got
universally bad reviews I I didn't think
it was all that good I you know what
happened was I grow to kind of scream
like almost parody of Japanese horror
films because I realized we were at the
end of that park a french director
lovely guy eric Villette came on and he
wanted to make a serious hyper dark
french film about the the you know how
ugly inaudible bus and he would say he
wouldn't hire beautiful beautiful
actresses because they were too
beautiful I was like dude it's a horror
movie and then he dressed all the girl
you know he hot he hired all these
festival actors and they were very
serious and I was on set for one week
during the rehearsals and at times I
would have to actually sneak up to the
actress and you don't want to get
between your actors and the director but
I would sneak up through the actors and
say that's supposed to be a joke because
Eric didn't quite get it cause he didn't
speak English that well and they were
very serious
so anyway everybody ended up the
producers wanted a movie that kids would
like that they would just go that would
be a kind of scream fest for younger
kids with a pg-13 rating the director
wanted an r-rating I didn't care I just
wanted to be kind of witty and you know
sophisticated everybody was making a
different movie and that's what happened
they got pulled apart in all different
directions but it was a big success
despite its zero percent ready anyway
and it put my kid through private school
for like two
years great they're from Yago for a
great culture King cleverness magnificus
I have come to the conclusion that the
one person who gets in the way of my
success the most is me now that I have
admitted the problem how do I go about
solving it I've realized that I am
afraid of commitment and the failure and
responsibility that comes with success
any advice on how to overcome these
internal obstacles and gain the self
confidence I lack yeah you know this is
kind of goes back to what I was saying
to the father with with the baby
you know if there's only one thing this
is really important you can either have
problems where you can be your problems
if you observe people closely and I've
had a lot of time now to observe people
decades of time to observe people most
people are their problems and those few
people who really move forward have
problems because we're all God's
children we all have problems right so
let me see if I can give you an example
of what I mean let's say you hate
somebody at work okay and you're sitting
around and you I hate that guy
I hate that guy at work and you're
miserable and you're angry and all of a
sudden that's that's being your problem
your problem is you hate this guy at
work now step back and you see a guy
who's angry and hates this co-worker
what are the real problems that he has
is a co-worker have any power over no
co-worker doesn't have any problem it's
just annoying
he's annoying maybe the bugs the girls
and you don't know what to do about it
whatever it is you know it you have to
then take and step back from that anger
and start to deal with the anger you
have and the hatred you have because
that's the problem unless this guy is
doing something specifically to you the
problem is your anger and hatred if he's
doing something specifically that's part
of the problem you got to solve that
problem okay so now you've taken the
first step you realize the thing that is
getting in the way of your success is
you're afraid of the responsibility that
comes with success and you're afraid
that once you're a success maybe you'll
fail a lot of people are afraid of that
so now you know now you want to start to
construct bit by bit a guy who had you
know has those emotions but is not
acting on those emotions so start with
something small you might even start
with something that has nothing to do
with your life like something athletic
like jogging 5 miles jog a mile and then
go up to jogging 5
you learn what it is to succeed what it
is to beat each obstacle what it is to
overcome obstacles and go forward or you
might want to do it in your career say
well what's the next obstacle I'm facing
what is the next obstacle I'm facing how
did I make mistakes because of my fear
last time you have the problem but you
don't have to be the problem okay that's
it you're not you're not stopped by the
fact that you have these things by the
way everybody who succeeds overcomes
things like that in his life I mean we
all have these fears we all have things
that work against us we're all kind of
sabotaging ourselves in various ways you
find the ways you're doing it and you
put them aside each step remember you
only got to take one step each day you
only have to live one day at a time take
one step each day and do it and and this
is the thing everybody should be
thinking about this all the time
do not be your problems have problems
you're gonna have problems you're gonna
be angry it's your mother-in-law don't
be that problem right don't start don't
pick on people don't hurt people because
of the way you feel about them feel
differently you know back off back off
it's just an emotion or motions are just
things that go through you all right
I'll do one more from bradden why
doesn't the right stand for imprisoning
those who have abortions an argument
that the woman women have been
indoctrinated to believe it's not murder
doesn't make it so the brainwashed
Manson family were put behind bars why
shouldn't the individuals who elect and
go through with having their children
slaughtered in the womb be charged for
murder as well I'll tell you why I think
so and I do think it's important it's a
good question you know I talk a lot
about George Washington as a hero of
Liberty and he was there's not a person
a man or woman walking the earth today
who does not know George Washington a
debt for the liberty he created in this
country when he could have been King
when he set aside a kingdom an entire
continent he could have ruled over it I
don't I can't think of anybody else that
compared him to Cincinnatus who fought
the battle and went home but I don't
know if Cincinnatus was in the position
that Washington was in to just take over
an entire new country and become its
king he was so dedicated to Liberty that
he gave that up and yet and yet George
Washington could not understand why his
slaves wouldn't work hard I've talked
about this a lot I know I've used this
example before but it's important he
couldn't understand
he couldn't understand why a slave he
had treated well would escape couldn't
get it it took him his whole life he
finally figured it out it finally got to
him that's how powerful the narrative is
if you wonder why I'm always picking on
the press why I'm always picking on
Hollywood is because they help create
the narrative when you are in that
narrative it sweeps you away you don't
even know you're in it George Washington
hero of Liberty could not understand why
a slave would one is liberty that's how
powerful the narrative is that is the
state we are in with abortion good
people are having abortions and good
people are feeling that this is okay
because they are so swept up in that
narrative as Washington was swept up in
the narrative that somehow it was okay
to hold a brother individual as a slave
okay there swept up in that narrative
that's how blind they are you cannot
imprison people for that because it is
essentially misunderstanding your time
in the same reason I don't the same
reason I don't hate George Washington
the same reason I don't take away his
heroism or take away his greatness and
say well he was you say he was great but
he held slaves because I understand the
power of narrative that is the power if
good people are doing things and lots of
good people are doing things and having
these abortions you have to convince
them you have to change the narrative
you have to bring them back to their
senses we saw yesterday with that woman
Michelle wolf is that her last name
celebrating abortion
what a false narrative does to people it
allows them to hold slaves and feel that
they're good people that allows them to
have abortions and feels it's all right
it allows a comedian to go out and
celebrate abortion if Michelle wolf with
that with that level of insight had
lived back in slavery day she'd have
been doing that dance for slavery hooray
for America hooray for slavery she'd
been doing the same thing because that's
how deeply immersed in that narrative
she isn't that's why that is why we do
not believe that the good people who are
having abortions because they are
blinded by the narrative should be
punished like criminals that's why all
right tickety-boo news good mailbag
so here's something this is I can't
remember I didn't write down where I
took this out of I'm sorry here's
something you won't often hear from the
environmental movement under President
Donald Trump per capita carbon dioxide
emissions are the lowest they've been in
nearly seven decades the Energy
Information Administration latest energy
report shows us carbon dioxide emissions
are the lowest they've been since 1992
and that per capita emissions are the
lowest since 1950 what's really funny
about this okay is that part of this is
Obama his war on coal health so I'm not
you know I'm not saying this is all
Trump but what is funny about it is that
in Europe the carbon emissions are going
up and in America they're going down and
Europe has been complaining that we left
the Paris Accords but we are meeting the
Paris Accord standard and Europe is not
and that is just to show you when we
were talking about Germany and angle and
Merkel closing down the nuclear power
plants and going all green and
everything like this nuclear power is
incredibly clean and incredibly
efficient and if you live in these
fantasies it comes back to bite you
intellect electoral dishonesty comes
back to bite you all right good mailbag
good stuff we will be back tomorrow
who's our guest tomorrow oh you lie
still this is a really interesting
interview about a guy who tried to
register his children without telling
the school what race they were and what
he ran into and he's made a documentary
about it we will have him in on set I
believe and I will be there I hope you
will be there - I'm Andrew Clavin this
is the Andrew Clavin show
the Andrew Clavin show is produced by
Robert Sterling executive producer
Jeremy boring senior producer Jonathan
hey our supervising producer is Mathis
Glover and our technical producer is
Austin Stevens edited by Emily J audio
is mixed by Mike kameena hair and makeup
is by Joshua alvera the Andrew Klavan
show is a daily wire for word publishing
production copyright for word publishing
