I do have a quick question what the heck
is a social issue I mean people like
Tommy what they'll do is they'll use the
term social issue as a way of kind of
shoving to the side things like
abortions it's a way of sort of shooing
it away it's just a social issue
well what does that mean what's a social
issue I can only assume that a social
issue is an issue that affects society a
social issue is a societal issue it is
social right well on what basis can mean
if abortion is a social issue that is an
immigration a social issue on what basis
can abortion be called a social issue
but something like immigration or taxes
are not social issues I mean these are
all issues that affect society right
they are social issues I would submit in
fact that social issues are the only
issues that government should be worried
about so to say that social issues are
the only issues that government should
not be concerned with is nonsensical
they are precisely the issues that
government should be concerned with
because if something is not a social
issue then that must mean that it is a
private and personal issue now I know
that when people say social issue what
they really mean to say is those are
private and personal but then maybe you
should say that because you're using
language that makes no sense it is my
position that abortion is in fact a
social issue in that it affects society
it affects everybody
so obviously the government should be
involved in it if you're saying the
government shouldn't be involved in it
because it doesn't affect everybody and
it's personal then it's not a social
issue you see
