daily wire to sports correspondent
Jeremy the god-king boring
yowza
thank you Michael it's great to be back
with you for a segment one YouTube
commenter observed as coming off more
like ignorance than humor that's our
daily wire to coverage of the Fuji Water
World Cup let's get right into the
action or what passes for action in a
sport where the tied game can be
resolved by getting two teams yet
another opportunity to tie that however
is not what happened in our first story
of the week that is host Russia's
humiliating defeat at the hands of their
former socialist protegees Croatia after
a tied match Michael it all came down to
the shootout in which each team was
given five penalty kicks to determine
the winner it's actually the most
eventful and near stimulating moment in
any soccer match which raises an obvious
question since any tie is statistically
indistinguishable from a 0-0 score which
is how every game begins why can't we
just skip the entire deathly dole affair
and go straight to the shootout in every
soccer match of course that would
admittedly make soccer feel like a
completely frivolous non game in which
the winner is essentially determined by
luck which I believe is the answer to
youtube commenter Mikey 87's question of
the week quote WTF does GD P have to do
with anything , it's a sport exclamation
mark well you're half right Mikey 87 as
Russia found out the hard way by being
unmanned by a nation with roughly 3% of
their gross domestic product also if you
skip the entire match where would you
put the funny commercials oh that's
right there aren't any funny commercials
in soccer since no human being anywhere
on earth has the kind of willpower and
discipline over there attention span to
actually wait even longer to see what's
going to happen in the next low moving
children's game in which not a single
thing has ever happened since that one
guy was hurt ironically while faking an
injury in 1957 also most people for whom
this dreadful exhibition is their only
escape don't have the individual income
to purchase things in the first place
still the biggest news of the week at
least for Anglophile was England's
defeat of Sweden both in GDP two
trillion to five hundred 11 billion and
in gameplay to zero mm-hmm that's right
England has officially made the
semi-finals bringing their number one
best-selling single dream one step
closer to reality it's coming to the
House of course I know that many of our
viewers as proud and patriotic Americans
are wondering why we here at the Daily
wire - haven't devoted a bit more time
to covering America standing in the
current worldwide tournament we too have
been confused as to why we haven't seen
Old Glory waving above more matches
fortunately angry YouTube killjoy morosa
pointed us to the answer with this
edifying comment quote clearly you're
triggered because the u.s. couldn't
qualify against the likes of Panama and
Trinidad and Tobago lol candidly morosa
this sports journalist had no idea as I
liked almost every one of America's
native sons who didn't grow up doing
missionary work in the third world where
being a girl never contemplate never
contemplated this farce of a competition
even one since I was five years old and
learning basic motor functions I am
however certainly triggered now that I
know you mean to tell me that despite
having a GDP equal to 25 percent of the
world's total economy owning the world's
reserve currency having the finest
athletes in the world as evidenced by
almost every metric including having won
more medals than any other country in
the Olympics by double having the
longest enduring constitutional republic
in human history and having almost
single-handedly invented all of the
splendid wonders of modernity and having
kept the free nations of the world
largely safe for more than a
half-century America can't beat a
Caribbean island nation with fewer than
a million and a half people and a GDP
lower than that kid who invented putting
pictures of your food on the internet
for people to like why I dare say one
begins to wonder if this whole soccer
business is even a fair measurement of
human accomplishment at all Michael
yowza really thorough report Jimmy
I appreciate that I was wondering would
you say you spend more time looking at
the YouTube comments on our a segment or
watching the World Cup yeah terrific
well I can't wait for the next update I
do have to ask as I think are all
red-blooded patriotic Americans how much
longer is this World Cup gonna go on
hell if I know Michael well I gotta tell
you I I sort of hope this World Cup
keeps going on and on because I really
these these segments have really kept me
so abreast I feel like I've learned
something in every single one and I and
I hope the rest of our audience has
finally learned something too
Jeremy German got King boring everybody
see you next week
