what do you make of this whole identity
politics rising tide and what do you
think the backlash do that's gonna be
where is it coming from well it's coming
mostly from the left I me the it's
producing a counter effect on the right
which is you know white or even white
male identity politics you know and so
it's natural to see that these two sides
are amplifying one another but on the
Left it's much more troubling for me
because the left is the space
traditionally where you know
self-criticism and and wondering whether
or not you might be wrong is is just
what a paramount virtue right and so
your but what would that has
metastasizes that has metastasized in
this context to a kind of shattering of
epistemology where you know there's
there on some of there's no such thing
as truth there's just power right we're
just responding to differences in power
and all of this is anchored to
unchangeable characteristics like skin
color and and and sexual preference and
so it's just you are about I'd now often
describe this as just the the most
unhappy game of Dungeons and Dragons
that ever was invented but you just you
have to negotiate these power
differentials based on victimology you
know how many victimology points you
have in this game and you know as a
white privileged heterosexual you
basically have no points right so you're
you're you're not empowered to have a
credible opinion on any of the most
important topics of our time right
you're you're just you're either just
part of the problem with respect to all
of these variables and you're you're
mansplaining or you're you know cultural
appropriation or you're you know waiting
in here I'm so this is what happened
with Ezra Klein at one point he said you
know we're two privileged white Jewish
guys who had who shouldn't be talking
about race at all right like this is not
something we can weigh in on and then I
want to change the topic to
anti-semitism it got no better for some
reason but it was it's a problem because
I mean
clearly if we want to get to a
post-racial society if we want to get to
a society where human beings can simply
be identified as as human beings the
endgame can't be taking things like race
and gender and gender difference and
sexual orientation it immutably
seriously right this can't be just the
the inner attica buleria Buhl's that had
define a person's position on important
topics for all time you know we're not
if we're if we get to Mars and we're
still worried about skin color right you
know you know in a Martian colony we've
done something wrong and so there's so I
think we need to reverse engineer what
we think the the the end state should be
and clearly identity politics is not the
game we should be point
