hey everybody welcome to The Daily wire
backstage bringing you inside humor and
Michael Knowles live to your screen we
are streaming today on Facebook YouTube
and at the Daily wire calm we got
together a few weeks ago for a special
Father's Day episode of backstage and a
few months before that to cover the
State of the Union and tonight we're
happy to come together once again to
celebrate America's Independence Day
America I'm Jeremy boring God king of
the daily wire lowercase G lowercase K
so that no one removes my independence
from me and I'm joined by ben shapiro
andrew Clavin michael knowles jasper
boring the chief executive dog of the
daily wire and later on our special
guest for the day Jordan
B Peterson who is also celebrating a
lesser holiday Canada Day which was one
day ago tonight we're gonna talk about
America's founding the fourth of July
we're gonna reflect on the ideas of our
founders we're gonna examine whether
America is holding true to that vision
and we're going to look forward to where
we're heading as a country
philosophically and politically one of
the great things though about these
get-togethers is subscriber
participation if you are a daily
wire.com subscriber go to daily wire.com
slash backstage and you could submit
live questions in the chat box for us to
answer tonight if you are not a
subscriber at daily wire.com you cannot
go to daily wire.com slash backstage and
ask us questions tonight you can however
become a subscriber and then the rules
are the same and not only that you will
get the lovely leftist ears hot or cold
daily wire at tumblr you'll get live
access to the Ben Shapiro show the
Andrew Clavin show the Michael nose show
the conversation you'll get to ask
questions it's it's a party there's not
really much else I can say with that we
want to introduce our subscriber
moderator for the evening we have known
her as a friend as a co-host with Ben in
his radio days the lovely the talented
Alicia Krauss hey Alicia hey guys how
are you doing good I'm a big time
everything's going in the subscriber
central yes subscriber central which I
thought was gonna be nicer than Michael
Knowles's broom closet but for some
reason cutbacks so just a reminder to
everyone like Jeremy our god king with
little Jean little Kay said there to
submit your some questions and lava and
today lucam head over the daily we're
backstage page to watch and the this
live stream type your question into the
daily weird chat box and Jared and I
will you know call them out check them
out read them and get the guys to answer
your questions on there Alicia we need
to do better than last time I if we get
a single question about whether or not
Ben shapira's wife is actually a doctor
it's just like honestly how many times
can we answer it is that why you guys
are letting a Canadian in that room
before me based solely on my performance
player Jordan B Peterson
well the Alicia will be checking in with
you from time to time throughout the
night thanks for taking care of all that
yep and fellers someone just said
something my ear I have no idea what one
of the fun things about this show of
course is that it's live television so
when they say something in your ear and
you don't know what they said you just
keep going that's true
I always say like I have been in my ear
else they stop doing this and leave
finally as well you know so we're
talking about America's Independence Day
and when we first had the idea to do the
show we thought we'd shoot it a couple
of days early so that we could actually
taking the 4th of July off but of course
the in the sort of iron
ironic way that the world comes together
we're actually shooting the show on the
day that the founders originally
believed would be Independence Day July
2nd the day that every one of the
original 13 colonies except New York
agreed that America should in fact be
free and independent from Great Britain
from the Kingdom of Britain I guess at
the time one of the things that John
Adams said that I thought would be kind
of a nice way to kick it off is this I
am apt to believe that this day will be
celebrated by succeeding generations as
the great anniversary festival it ought
to be commemorated as the day of
deliverance by solemn acts of devotion
to God Almighty it ought to be
solemnized with pomp and parade with
shows
games sports guns bells bonfires and
illuminations from one end of this
continent to the other from this time
forward forevermore he was of course
talking about today and I'd like to
think that we're honoring him with our
very own little mini bonfires here I
always got screwed John Adams you know
he was like a short ugly little man and
Thomas Jefferson was this tall handsome
guy yeah and he thought and this was the
day when he Adams through his rhetoric
and through his eye beautiful speaking
convinced the people to essentially sign
their death warrant and he thought well
they're gonna be celebrating me forever
and everybody for if I'm not wrong July
4th was only the day that the
Declaration was publicly released and
the resolution for independence was July
2nd and this puts Adams in the category
of all great political pundits very
strong prediction completely wrong to
help us celebrate tonight we're gonna
talk about our sponsor for the evening
Express VPN so with all the news about
data hacks and breeches and the fact
that everybody can take a look at all of
your data at any time no matter what you
are doing it is imperative that you have
a VPN and that's why you should take
back your privacy with expressvpn
because no one in this room uses the
internet without it it's absolutely true
expressvpn is the world's leading VPN
provider then lets you securely use the
internet without being tracked by anyone
very important for Michael Knowles
expressvpn keeps your activity private
and anonymous while you browse email
download or stream and expressvpn is
good for streaming content as well they
are paying us good money so I'm gonna
say this part you can even use it to
watch the World Cup without a cable
subscription Wow not one of us in this
room not one of us in that's dinging
that's all you but it is important you
know I first of all it takes like 90
seconds to put in and then you know have
elapsed a little more elapsed and say
you listen to the null show right you
don't wake up in the middle of the night
with that cold sweat I think he's
somebody saw that if I ever run for
office like no one knows there are some
things you can take back your internet
privacy to go to expressvpn comm slash
banks I'm the most famous of us
expressvpn comm / Ben expre Escom I'll
tell you bpn zakappa
three months for free with a one-year
package again that's expressvpn comm
slash pen to check it out and he really
should have it it's a terrific service
we all use it so go check it out now and
they make it possible for us to do
whatever this is so far yeah so in a
strong lead I think one of the things
that we take for granted of course we're
you know we're fairly patriotic people
here in America were a young enough
country that as a general rule we still
celebrate things like the founding
people know at least have a cursory
understanding of the sort of mythology
of the American Founding I think what's
missing more and more of those and is a
philosophical understanding of the
founding the question isn't what is
America it's why is America and I feel
like especially right now in this moment
sort of an unintelligible moment on the
right you know we we read a lot in the
sort of Trump debates that take place on
the right about how we shouldn't be a
party of principle we should be a party
of interests and of course interests are
part of our principle that's part of
what it means to be on on the right one
thing that Ben and I were discussing is
you know a man can die a man can fight
for his interests but he can only die
for his principles if by definition you
can't die for your interests so so I
think that rather than forsake our
principles it's it's the job of
conservatives and to use our voice to
remind people of those principles and to
show them how the two things aren't
exclusive how the pursuit of our
interest is the pursuit of our higher
principles I think one of the worst
things that I've heard said over the
last ten years in Barack Obama's second
inaugural address first of all who's
inaugurated a second time which is
terrible them the result but in the
inaugural address do you remember that
he said something to the effect of what
America means that we each get to define
Liberty in our own way and I thought to
myself that is like the exact opposite
of what the Declaration of Independence
says because the Declaration of
Independence basically defines Liberty
it says what Liberty is is you have
these inalienable rights or unalienable
rights Jefferson Adams argued over the
actual wording of that and and these
unalienable rights pre-exists government
and government is created in order to
preserve those rights in the minute that
it starts to violate those rights
governments become illegitimate and then
you can abolish those governments so the
view of Liberty was always what we would
now call negative Liberty that there was
it that it was the government not
invading your rights
those were the rights that pre-existed
governments was the rights to life
liberty and property in sort of the
Lockean formula or in the Declaration of
Independence formulas life liberty and
pursuit of
happiness well once you start to finding
liberty as whatever you want it to be
and then you disconnect it completely
from virtue because that was the other
half right pursuit of happiness when
when Thomas Jefferson says pursuit of
happiness in the Declaration of
Independence he doesn't mean pursuit of
having a hotdog on the 4th of July he
actually means in the ancient definition
of happiness he means that happiness is
supposed to be connected with virtue you
have eudaimonia right right exactly and
and and all of that was supposed to be
connected with teleology and Tilos the
idea that you were directed toward
certain ends and using those ends is
what was going to bring you happiness
that that acting in accordance with
right reason in the in the Aristotelian
sort of sense that was what was going to
make you happy so the pursuit of
happiness was the pursuit of view of
virtue these were these were consonant
and instead what it's turned into for a
lot of people is life liberty and the
pursuit of happiness means leave me
alone I get to driver I want unless I
screw up in which case I need you to pay
for and the government gets to invade
everybody else's right in order so that
we can pay for all of these things and
the ancients didn't know that that form
of Liberty that we make an idol out of
Liberty leads to tyranny inevitably and
they knew that and one of the things you
know I don't I don't worry much because
if things are going well I just figure
they'll just go well forever that really
works out yeah falling off the Empire
State Building things are going well so
far yeah and but one of the things that
is worrying after this week of these two
weeks of Supreme Court decisions is how
entirely entirely the left has abandoned
the processes that were put in place to
preserve our Liberty and and one of the
reasons I understand when you guys you
guys worry about Trump more than I do
but I know the Trump doesn't really care
about those things
and so it doesn't evolve on people like
us and people who talk and think and
right to protect the processes
themselves even when we lose a fight you
can lose a fight and still maintain
those processes where you allow the left
to speak and you don't say you say the
First Amendment yes protects you from in
saying that horrible hateful thing
you're defending the process even though
the left speaks it's very disturbing
right now that the left is basically
saying no no no if you say that certain
things then the First Amendment isn't
worth two thousand word piece on the
front page of the New York Times I read
it about yes I read about that that
whole thing about how conservatives our
destroyer utilizing the first what was
it was the word
the first amendment which is which is a
phrase from our esteemed justice Elena
Kagan who is Dean of law school and I
was there and I used to get into I used
to get into it with her when she was
seen in the law school because that's
who she was then but it's but it is
astonishing that they've decided that
the First Amendment because it does not
serve their purposes is no longer worth
preserving they're like doing in Turkey
who said it democracy is like a
streetcar when you reach your stop you
get off it's like they have reached
their stop as in terms of what they want
to be have free speech about and if it's
different and if it's us having free
speech was a very birth of the left and
it's not just the American left it's the
global left is that they believe in the
concept of the end of history they
believe that eventually they win and
that's it and so they get ahead of
themselves all the time whenever they
get a little victory already won right
this is play that's right the reason
that they're so incensed over Trump is
because they really thought that they
would never lose another election Barack
Obama happened that was an event in
human history from their point of view
it was the changing of the world to this
new order there never you know don't
look back you can never look back and
because of that they always use their
power to alter things to their immediate
benefit with the assumption that the
guys they don't like will never be the
ones in possession of that new power
course in a great case in point of
course is the filibuster rules for
traditional nominees right now that
we're talking about in the Senate but
that's not the only one of these rules
you know the making the Census Bureau an
executive agency is is a more sort of
subtle version of this but where they're
just constantly increasing the power of
the institutions of power whenever they
control them because every cursor
there's not immigration that's right and
so Barack Obama uses executive orders
the pen and the phone throughout his
presidency to sort of by Fiat bring
about this left-wing utopia it never
occurs to them well if you can pass well
this regulation that way there's also
connected obviously historically to the
changing of what the federal government
was supposed to do at the beginning of
the 20th century with progressive
movement where Woodrow Wilson becomes
the I mean in his own words he becomes
the the great avatar of the will of the
people which is a very Rousseau notion
that says oh yeah no he says that the
Constitution has to be overthrown the
Constitution is hackneyed and it's old
and it's got these weird definitions of
Liberty and instead what we really need
is a government of the best people that
is
to act as the the generalized will of
the people to really understand the
Declaration of Independence and how
great it is you really do have to
juxtapose it to the front second French
Declaration of the Rights of Man and how
crappy it is right everybody let's to
talk about the French Revolution is this
great epic of changing of history the
French Revolution was freaking awful
we're still living out like every
element of the French Revolution
every bad idea of the French Revolution
was eventually carried forward in the
worst possible way in the 20th century
so the idea of the Equality of man was
carried out in communism the idea of the
the idea of romantic nationalism that
began with the French Revolution was
carried out in Nazism the idea of the
bureaucrats that were going to control
everything from above that was something
that carried itself out in in the IROC I
Obama really I mean the creation of the
bureaucracy of a bureaucratic country
that starts with with Auguste Comte
writing me the idea that all of these
experts are going to run everything for
you right these have deep roots in a
belief in essence that the collective
rules the individual that's the real
difference between the French
Declaration of the Rights of Man and the
Declaration of Independence Declaration
of Independence says you're individuals
with rights right this based in
judeo-christian values this is the big
difference the Declaration of the Rights
of Man says nothing about God it says
everything about the people the
Declaration of Independence says a lot
about God and a few things about the
people but it really is mostly about the
idea that individuals are granted
god-given rights right based in the
notion we are all made in God's image
the difference in the the English the
English Enlightenment and Scottish
enlightenment in the French
enlightenment is the English and
Scottish enlightenment both held fast to
judeo-christian values and the French
enlightenment overturned them and in the
phrase that you like to quote was trying
to strangle the last one last came with
the guts of Lazarus and it's also I mean
this is a Burkean notion I know you're
not a big Burke family actually I do oh
yeah no I like Birkin and I think that
the the Americans the founders actually
had a deep affection for the traditions
that had created the place that we hit
that they've gotten you know they
preserved it in the documents which is a
beautiful thing to write down those
unspoken things that are just kind of in
your blood to put them down so you can
then move on to the next one this is the
key tool that the left uses specifically
on independence is ignorance ignorance
of what the declaration says ignorance
of the
the Glorious Revolution and the
divergences and helmet Americans saw
their rights and how the British saw
their rights in America there were these
polls that came out a few years ago
40-plus percent of Americans don't know
that America declared independence on
July 4th 1776 14 or 15 percent of
teenagers said that we declared
independence from France in July 4th
1776 there's this only when they talk
about it when Howard Zinn talks about
high school kids or college kids they
talk about the Declaration they say oh
it was these rich white men who were
protecting their own property they were
just protecting their own money it's not
it's not a philosophical document the
way they get away with that line is
because people don't read the document
yeah it's right there it's right there
in the papers that they wrote about the
signing of the Declaration they were
signing their death warrants defending
the rights that God had given man giving
practical grievances against a king
creating an English basis a traditional
basis for breaking away from England
it's one of the most beautiful documents
I think this is one of the things we're
actually talking about at some level is
the left did this on purpose
they inculcated ignorance in a
generation two generations really to
stop them from knowing what it is we who
it is we are and why it is we do what we
do and the thing is this is this year
when you finally sent me out talking to
college campuses and there's been a lot
of people objecting including my wife
but I find I'm talking to these
brilliant kids they were very smart but
they don't know anything they don't know
well you know even the Conservatives
don't understand why we do what we do
and what they were arguing about why did
they say you should have guns why did
they say you know the free freedom of
speech was the First Amendment why they
don't know because the left has gotten
so cynical and they've always been so
cynical that they think all of politics
is just about power relations yes
and so when they look at writing it is I
mean in the end they believe that the
reason that the world is a flawed place
is because of flawed power relations
that are written into the system itself
so whenever they see an injustice it's
the entire system has to be torn down
which is what you're saying with the
rise of these socialist idiots rather
these people like Ocasio Cortes right
these people don't know she had clearly
listened to anything right and she's
coming forward and saying that America
is just the series of power relations
where she grew up in relative privilege
she's my United States she and I grew up
in a neighboring town
up in a less affluent town and then the
girl from the Bronx Ocasio Cortez but
yeah we were neighbors and she pretends
to be something that she isn't by by
casting politics always as a series of
power relations then they get to say
that anything that maintains the power
relations is bad and so that's how they
get to the point where they say the
First Amendment is bad because anything
that maintains the current system itself
is bad and the First Amendment is part
of the current system and therefore it
has to be overturn so this goes all the
way back in terms of the Constitution
the Declaration of Independence to
Charles beard who at the beginning of
the 20th century was making the argument
that the founders were in tempting to
enshrine their own property ownership
and that's really what the founding was
all about as you say the reality is
there were robert Livingston lost
literally everything here's one of the
richest people in the colonies when this
all started he lost his house he lost
his wealth he lost everything he died in
poverty because of Zeca because of he
signed the Declaration of Independence
and he wasn't the only one I mean there
are a lot of people who lost everything
because of all this and when you know
that Washington Mount Vernon the British
pulled up a ship to Mount Vernon and the
caretaker of Mount Vernon who was a
relative of Washington went out and was
so afraid of losing the generals home
that he went out and basically parlayed
with the British a little bit and they
had a meal together and sort of put you
know made made nice for just long enough
that they didn't burn Washington's place
to the ground Washington when he heard
about this was at the Continental
Congress I think it was Benjamin
Harrison of Virginia said to Eldridge
Jerry I believe of Massachusetts
Harrison was much fatter and he said you
know I've got a real advantage on you
mister Jerry because when I'm hanging
for this I'm gonna die within about
several minutes there were open that's
the famous Franklin line were right
would there hang together or all hang
separately that's right yeah there's no
question the amount of risk that was
undertaken by the founders to do this
thing fighting the most powerful army on
earth at the time it's an amazing act of
bravery and to try and take that away
from people because of historical
circumstance by saying the Declaration
of Independence was a document not about
Liberty but it was about enshrining
slavery it's such his it's a historical
nonsense the original draft of the
Declaration of Independence included a
section ripping into the King of England
for having made slavery a part of the
American Way is written by Jefferson it
was only the southern states threatening
to pull out of the convention itself
that
refuting that amounted to him pulling
that out and when that happened John
Adams said in a moment of real prophecy
he said if if we do this in 80 years
there will be a great war in this
country and he was exactly right almost
of the date right because everyone knew
at the time that this was that slavery
was a major issue but anyone who reads
the Declaration of Independence as a
document that's enshrining slavery
ignores the words of Frederick Douglass
ignores the words of Martin Luther King
ignores the the words of Booker T
Washington ignores the word of Abraham
but but all the truly great black
leaders in this country who saw the
declaration of independence as a call to
freedom that had been that had gone
unfulfilled as opposed to a document
that was enshrining a system that makes
games in the Phrygians it could not have
been about the pursuit of their
interests because of how many of them
died in their thousands for it you
cannot die in pursuit of your interests
and that's the great Martin Luther King
line which is a Burkean line as live out
the meaning of your Creed it's not ditch
the Creed you you bum that's why that's
why I hate the whole kneeling for the
national anthem thing like it's just
yeah that's not the point of it is that
if you feel that we're not living up to
the national anthem what you should be
doing is standing with your hand over
your heart during the national anthem
and then saying I want to stand over
there with my hand because I'm standing
for the national anthem and that means
that you should be standing with me when
I'm ripping on you I agree with it
that's why let's see what our
subscribers have to say by checking in
from subscription central I mean I made
it up but I'm gonna roll with it Central
is still real tiny over here I'd
appreciate some air just talking about
Jefferson and Bradley asked so long
those lines and he says that Jefferson
wrote that our unalienable rights are
self-evident but are they and if so when
in all societies naturally realize them
this is a great question so so the
answer is required to sugreev so right
so the well the answer is of course
they're not self-evident but Jefferson
didn't mean they were self-evident to
any person on earth he meant to any
right-thinking person who had grown up
in the context of judeo-christian values
right that's the real answer right the
real answer is that of course Jefferson
wasn't a fool he knew that most people
on earth did not see these rights as
self-evident he meant that these Reds
were self-evident given a certain set of
premises including the idea that all
people were created in the image of God
and the idea that Englishmen had rights
then it was self-evident to the rest of
this follows but if you don't
have this if this is where we make a
mistake when we think that we can just
take the the rights that were generated
over the course of two thousand years of
judeo-christian history and a thousand
and a half years of Greek theorizing you
can take those interests and plant them
anywhere in the world without any sort
of military force that if you just take
that if you just spread the seeds then
the roots will grow it's just not true
you have to actually acknowledge that
there is a cultural history that
pre-exists the founding of the United
States and that is the soil from which
all of this grows and without that soil
you're spreading seeds on cement it's
just not gonna go anywhere and I think
Jefferson Jefferson knew that he wasn't
a foolish man I I I think that when he
said self-evident I don't think he meant
actually readily apparent I think he
meant axiomatic that the only evidence
for them was them the only evidence
necessary for them was themselves that
once you saw them I mean something can
be self-evident yeah and nobody
discovers it for 2,000 years but then
once you discover it you know it and
you're absolutely right that the that
the culture and the custom has to be
there the underlying principles have to
be there to lift you to that place where
you see it but it doesn't mean that it's
self-evident doesn't mean Oh anybody can
see it it means once you see it doesn't
have to be proved this is where
patriotism and nationalism come together
there's been this great debate on the
right right now about patriotism versus
nationals and they're people like me and
jonah goldberg who have been you know
quasi anthe nationalism but very Pro
patriotism saying that America is a
Credo country and then there are people
like rich Lowry in Ross dude hat who've
made the argument that America is more
nationalistic in the sense that we share
history and a culture and always ready
to place it's its borders and I think
that the reality obviously and I think
everybody would in this conversation
would agree with us is that it's both
that you can't have patriotism without
the nationalism that this all pre
existed and that there and it says this
in the Federalist Papers right that this
was a uniquely created group of people
who all shared a common culture and
common history and that led to a common
thought pattern that led to the creation
of this Republic and that without that
you can't have patriotism in the first
place
this stuff in other words it did not
come out of nowhere and I think this is
the big mistake I'm seeing a lot of Pro
Enlightenment books that are happening
right now is a big Pro Enlightenment
movement which is great I love the
Enlightenment but there's a lot of
there's that there's a lot happening in
the Enlightenment movement that is that
is saying that the Enlightenment is a is
a gap in kind from what came before it
that basically there was a sharp break
and then lightning struck and in 1760
people started realizing what the world
was about and that's just not true
because enlightenment
without biblical principle ends up in
French Revolution tyranny and biblical
principle without enlightenment ends up
in theocracy and one of the interesting
questions about the rights especially
from the Bill of Rights from the
Constitution which comes a bit later of
course there's a question can God give
rights that God opposes right and so if
you take the right to privacy as as
understood in the road decision that
there is a intrinsic right to abortion
granted in the Constitution could God
grant the right to do something that God
Himself would app or Jefferson actually
spoke about this in the the Virginia
Charter on religious liberty he wrote
the preamble and one of the amazing
things about it it's a legal argument
that he makes but he makes a legal
argument and and the the case law on
which he bases his premise is the Bible
and he basically says since God alone
has the right and the power this is a
summary the right and the power to force
his will upon others and since he chose
not to doesn't it necessarily mean that
we who don't have the right or the power
should also not do so so in other words
I think that what Jefferson is saying is
that you know we we base all of this on
the concept of a God who gave us the
freedom to fail who gave us the freedom
to do things even when those things
themselves don't work no you know it's
funny wave people write in a lot and
they ask how can you believe in God with
the existence of evil but the existence
of evil has always proved to me God's
dedication to our freedom the fact that
he will actually put freedom above
incidental morality that he actually
respects our right because how can you
how can you love God how can you love
anybody with you're not free human evil
I think the higher version of the
question is natural label right yes I
think your guards point right on this is
that basically since just like all of
our rights are negative rights all the
proof the great proofs of God are
negative proofs
it's the existence of imperfection that
implies perfection if if the requirement
of belief and perfection was to
encounter perfection I think we'd be
sorely lacking
both naturally and in in the human
experience on this world I would I'd
like to go back to the nationalism thing
I absolutely agree with you that it's a
matter nationalism and patriotism have
to come together because what kind of
person would you be this enlightenment
movement has a lot of Falcons in may
borrowing a phrase from Jonah Goldberg
that Vulcans who do not seem to see that
human beings have a kind of natural
affection natural affections natural
passions you know it of course there is
a point where your country does
something so wrong so bad so evil that
you have to turn away you have to stand
up for the principle above the country
but what would you be if you didn't have
some natural visceral for the land would
be there you know we aren't just like
spirits floating in the air there is a
fleshiness to us and we are in a place
at a time you know fourth of July
bunting in Sag Harbor and I'm the Jersey
Shore this is this is right they've
actually shown their their studies on
this that if you take a kid to it's July
4th grade neck it is significantly more
likely to go conservative than if you
don't take a kid this is kind of fun so
what is it I'm curious what your guys's
you know most patriotic sort of defining
piece of entertainment or literature was
when you were growing up so for me it
was very easy right for me was the movie
1776 when I was growing up we used to
watch that incessantly my dad actually
had a page from the Original Score cuz
he knew the composer and and so every
every Halloween and porom the Jewish
kind of Halloween I would dress up as
John Adams there's tons of pictures of
me in like the red coat and the and the
wig and the whole deal hey I grew up on
that stuff and it made a huge impression
on me because I'm at the first book I
ever read was a biography of Benjamin
Franklin like the first chapters book I
remember being 4 or 5 years old and
reading a biography of Benjamin Franklin
walking around reading it you know about
how he had invented the the swimming
implements with his thumbs and all and
and growing up with a love for the
history of the United States is
necessary because otherwise you have no
connection to the greatness of what it
is that we live in if you don't know the
history you don't know the greatness
what is your so I have to tell you I I
go back so far that I remember you
remember that
the moment when New York burn I can
remember this I can remember the moment
that somebody offhandedly I must have
been six or seventh grade so pretty old
you know pretty you know up there I
remember the moment when a teacher said
offhandedly of course George Washington
never actually chopped down a cherry
tree and I went oh of course
cuz I didn't know I thought I thought
all that stuff was true that's what they
had taught us when I was little you know
they taught us that stuff the other
thing that really had an effect on me
his back in the day you couldn't get any
movie you wanted you could only get the
movies that were on TV so I grew up
watching the movie the same movies my
parents grew up watching because those
are the movies on TV those westerns
shaped my mind about what a man is what
the country was what it meant to be an
individual standing up for the good the
idea of Gary Cooper walking down the
street because that's what you did that
was the right thing even when everybody
else turned away and that was America to
me you know like the idea that your
individual liberty was individual
license and couldn't occur to you once
you'd seen Gary Cooper walk down that
Street
you knew your individual liberty was
individual responsibility because you
had seen those movies and they shaped my
entire worldview and it shows you what
what that meant that Empire of the Jews
in Hollywood who loved this country so
much had created a liberal vision in the
sense that it was it took in everybody
and accepted everybody but also a
conservative vision in that it accepted
everybody into an establishment of rules
and response Reverend
yeah and Reverend love of the country
and that had a huge effect on before we
go further I want to kick to Alicia
Alicia what's what's your answer to this
question we're talking about what were
the influences on us in our young life
literature or cultural they gave us our
love for our country
yeah I think mine was familial because
there are many men in my family that
have served in the military and thank
you to all those watching and all of our
subscribers and viewers that have you
know made that sacrifice for their
country and I think mainly my paternal
grandfather my pas re Blankenship was a
World War 2 veteran so I grew up
going to the barbershop with him and
going to VFW dinners with him and
meeting fellow World War 2 veterans and
hearing their stories hearing why they
loved America hearing why they chose to
serve their country was just inspiring
and kind of like Cleavon - because of my
paternal grandfather I also grew up
watching John Wayne movies and John
Wayne is the epitome I think of a real
man's man and you know I think that
those those are probably issues the
things that attracted a lot of young
conservatives or conservative Americans
and it's that cultural of course like
your late friend Andrew Breitbart always
talked about the cultural affect on
politics and how culture and Hollywood
can you know change people's perspective
the answer for me growing up and these
are all really early childhood memories
is the flag it's the you know I'm where
this bow tie I'm not wearing it
ironically I'm really not it looks
ironic you know I really love the flag I
also really like bowties but I really
hate the flag when I was a little kid
the first song I ever learned I must
have been 2 years old my grandfather who
was a World War 2 vet flew of b-24
Navigator he he played for me it's a
grand old flag by George M Cohan it's a
grand old flag it's a high fly right and
I'd march around the dining-room I loved
the song and even going down to my other
grandfather another Navy vet Purple
Heart in Vietnam you know later war he
would raise the flag on his flagpole at
his home every morning and lower the
flag if it were raining and there's a
respect for the flag of the as the
symbol of the country but a real
tangible symbol and I remember this I
forget that this was Hillary or Obama
during the campaign one of their
campaign aides tweeted out a picture of
a flag crumpled along the floor and they
said oh we're we're setting up for the
new rally and whatever and it didn't
they didn't know the flag doesn't touch
the floor when I was a kid if I if I had
a little flag in the fourth of July I
put it on the table or ground or
whatever my mother would say pick that
up pick that up don't you ever let the
flag touch the ground and I don't know
if kids are taught this today I'm really
not sure I know that the Hillary or
Obama or whichever campaign aides they
were not taught that I don't think it
was malicious what they said
I think they just were ignorant and so
they put they put a flag on the ground
the the height of disrespect and it's no
coincidence that that utter irreverence
that utter lack of respect is done by
the same people who aren't profane in
their speech the people who use the
f-word all the time and don't its that
matter of respect it really isn't is an
essential aspect of patriotism yeah you
know for me there were probably a few
moments of influence but two of them
that stand out one my family ran a
fireworks stand and so the fourth of
July was this special time every year
where for a couple of weeks you would
sit in a 105 degree Texas heat in an
air-conditioned box with no adults
surrounded by high explosive my uncle is
a year younger than I am and I would you
know at nine ten eleven very young spent
to because for the first two weeks
nobody buys fireworks so we would just
sit out there and sweat nearly to death
surrounded by the explosives and my
grandparents home was I don't know half
a mile away but they could see the
fireworks stand from their kitchen
window and so if a customer actually did
pull up they'd usually jump in the car
and pull it come on over by the second
third fourth of course that's when
everyone actually buys their fireworks
and they would kick us out but we would
have earned enough money in the two
weeks of just sitting out there
literally losing probably 90% of our
body weight that we could spend all the
money we just made buying the fireworks
and then we would spend the next three
days trying to blow our fingers off yeah
which he still does by the way I can I
can testify yes I've been known to throw
quite a fourth of July shindig and back
in the great state of Texas also my
wedding anniversary the fourth of July
and so the sort of esthetic culture
which wasn't ideological in a way it's
just the aesthetics of the American
Founding were always just a big part of
the background of my family I was at I
was at his last 4th of July was his last
year yeah we were down there and he set
off these far away my wife is not
forgiving me she thought we're gonna get
killed and so we all went out we thought
it would be funny huge wind coming in
off the Texas Prairie a big like
sandstone
coming and we decide to set off the fire
work with our cigars it was beautiful
but but Jay hey are Jonathan hey who's I
have no idea what his title is anymore
he's running everything a bit basically
he decides that the way to do this is
with the scar in his teeth and so he's
leaning in and let me ask the pressing
follow-up when's the last time you saw a
patriotic movie okay I mean like a
modern patriotic movie what's the last
time they made maybe American sniper in
this way right I think that in its way
in its way and even there it's it's it's
like it's it's patriotic but it's also
all the downsides of America's wars and
always last time you saw an outright
patriotic film they just Caesar I know
nobody saw it only know I saw it was a
chaotic I mean I agree but I think that
even it sort of done let's say a quarter
tongue-in-cheek half tongue-in-cheek
like I just don't I don't think that
they I don't think that they make
patriotic film anymore I just don't I
think they should only don't make those
unbridled you know it's it ramble they
took our challenge it's the American Way
out of out of Superman's I'll challenge
you on this just in one way yes
Hollywood especially because in the 90s
in the early 2000s the whole financing
model of Hollywood changed to where
Americans weren't paying for American
movies and so why would they have
American values in them right but that's
a lengthy conversation for another day
there is one piece of culture which as
recently as the 90s was so deeply
infused with Americanism and with
masculinity and with Christianity and it
is the second piece of my answer about
how I was I exposed to these ideas as it
as a child and that was country music
music exactly I think country music yeah
I don't think it's an overstatement to
say that country music has helped save
our country over the last race I had no
expect I'm a Jewish boy right we have no
experience with country music and I
remember my dad and and two of my
sisters and I did a road trip back from
Chicago to LA cuz my grandmother was
giving us a car and as we're driving
there are no radio stations anywhere on
that drive right there's only the one
country radio station it's the same
country radio station playing the same
five songs and as we're listening look
wow this is the sort of music actually
where people are talking about like
they're talking about having kids well
it lets pop song do you heard where they
talk about having kids never no one has
ever had a child in a pop song they've
only had random sex with beautiful
strangers they've never actually had a
child in a pop song and they certainly
have never celebrated with their kids on
the deck with a beer - looking at the
flag right which it would you hear in
every other country song
this is totally correct and this is why
when people from the coast in the media
like Washington DC New York LA people
who I grew up with ranks that's you grew
up in Texas right right well the three
of us are coastal but if you grew up in
these areas the idea that there's an
entire different culture in the center
of the country where they feel just
differently about the soil and the flag
and about family it's it's it's there
really is this massive cultural
disconnect and that's why like for me as
an Orthodox Jew going to Oklahoma the
first time I went to Oklahoma and I was
talking culture I feel like I have way
more in common with this person in
Oklahoma cuz I'm a religious person and
I do with all the people I grew up with
in Los Angeles it's bizarre
and speaking of Oklahoma Alecia we're
gonna question I just love that Oklahoma
and country music
- of my love I know just got a shout out
in that segment and Alicia while you
speak to our subscribers I'm going to
honor the subscribers of our of our
allies and sometimes competitors see our
TV by utilizing my favorite ashtray
which can be yours if you go to louder
with Crowder comm and become a
subscriber at whatever that thing is
that he's oh goodness every every show
are we gonna do that every show I do I
do it he's just sitting out on the
balcony middle of the day writing a
thing I've got that beautiful Crowder
ashtray it is actually a policy at the
Daily wire that if you are going to
smoke a cigar your ash must must be
deposited you know that jerk says there
are tumblers are filled with asbestos
and the only proof of that is claiming
Alicia what do our subscribers have to
say so Arianna has a question that is on
everyone's mind she wants to know what
on God's green earth is Michael Knowles
wearing
too much they always say way too much
I'm wearing America my dad would say
that would be how I would describe it
America American it's very important
smoking jacket it's not America tallien
pansy is you know it's very important
though we're talking about
civility is in the news these days it's
very important to wear the right thing
you know we're talking about teleology
things have purpose when you smoke you
can't just i can't just wear like a jean
jacket and use an ashtray i have to wear
a smoking jacket which has the purpose
of tangy on the smoke and steven crowder
mug which is if you're wearing a jean
jacket and had an ashtray you would be
much more like that john wayne of you
know real real manly significantly
better shot that knows where jean shorts
look a little too bruce springsteen I'm
tired of this question I really like
this question from Julian he says daily
wire fellas I'm proud of my Mexican
ancestry but also in proud of my
American nationality how do i balance
these two things super simple celebrate
Cinco de Mayo because you are proud of
your Mexican heritage believe that it is
Mexico's independence day because you
have American national I mean I think
that the truth is that this is the other
half of the patriotism nationalism
question and that is that because
America is creedal we can take people
from all different cultures and
ethnicities I mean my great-grandparents
a great great grandparents got here in
1907 and you know coming from Eastern
Europe and when they're with no American
background at all and they came in and
they became American like that that's so
you can celebrate you know where you
come from particular the cultural
aspects of where you come from so long
as they are not in conflict with the
American creed and I think this is where
we get into some serious issues when it
comes to immigration because it is not
clear that immigration from all parts of
the globe or from all cultures is
equally capable of merging with American
ideals and so it's imperative that when
we bring people in these are people who
are willing to undergo the stress that
is necessary to assimilating into these
American ideals these ideals have to
and above and beyond ethnicity and
culture they have to be above and beyond
those things and I think that one of the
big problems in multiculturalism and the
press for quote unquote diversity is
that it's not diversity as in we like
Mexican food or you have Mexican
grandparents or you still have a fun
fondness for Mexico as a country because
this is where your family came from all
that's fine but what we've got now is
this idea that you don't actually have
to assimilate into American ideals of
limited government and individual person
individual responsibility and freedom
from government and and certain values
that are unique to the United States in
order to be given the same level of
respect and and you do you have to
assimilate when might when my
great-great grandparents got here there
used to be a it's it's fascinating now
if you're a second-generation person who
is immigrating now the chances are much
better that you will not speak English
than they were when my
great-grandparents got here when my
great-great grandparents got here they
would not speak Yiddish in the house
with their kids because they wanted
their kids to learn English so that they
could do business and assimilate and and
deal with everybody else and again I
come from a culture where Jews are still
supposed to marry Jews right so this
wasn't about assimilating in the sense
that you're supposed to just kind of
generally merge into the population it
was the idea that you're supposed to
accept these certain basic principles so
there's no conflict in my mind
whatsoever in enjoying all the aspects
of your culture knowing your history
which is just cool stuff it's cool to
know your own personal history valuing
those parts of your history that merge
with these creedal ideals but the Creed
has to come over over everything or you
haven't become a heart of the American
nation I would I would add one thing to
this which is ask yourself the question
why did my forebears choose to leave
behind Mexico for example or Italy Italy
Sicily or were from that and why did
they make the choice to leave that
behind but that's not necessarily a
condemnation at a macro level of every
single thing about the culture that
brought you here but it but it is
something that does mean something that
people many times they at great risk to
themselves to their safety to their
economic situation you know they would
they would take all the money that they
had and traveled to across oceans across
deserts to get here what
and I think this is it's it's an
interesting idea because the fact is
that we tend to think of it I think in
more intellectualize terms than it
actually happened immigration we didn't
think of it as I was sitting in Eastern
Europe and then I decided look at this
Declaration of Independence it's
incredible I'm gonna go there because
look at their Creed and really what it
was is the way America used to work in
terms of immigration because there was
no handout because there was no social
safety net you were leaving behind
everything that you had and coming here
with nothing and no guarantee that you
would get anything so we drew an
enormous number of risk seeking people
who are coming here because they would
rather give up everything for the
possibility of having more than stay
where they were and grasp onto what they
had with the possibility of no growth
and so it's actually immigration that
pull that pulls into focus the emptiness
of leftism the emptiness of what the
left is offering because it is as you
say you do come here you have cast your
lot with us and what we are is a Creed
we are a creed that is what we are if we
if they took all of us and moved us to
Canada then Canada would become America
because we would bring that Creed with
us and boy wouldn't Canada be lucky you
know I actually think I have the
solution on all of these ideas the
solution if you're worried about how to
blend your Mexican heritage with your
American nationality go visit Mexico go
visit Mexico I mean this half of my
family came here on the Mayflower they
fought in the American Revolution waspy
as can be half of them came on a sardine
boat from Sicily I thought as a kid I
thought I'm gonna go to Italy it's gonna
be the mother country I'm gonna feel
home I mean I go to love going to Italy
for about a week I really like going
Italy for about a week and then I get a
little upset because you know the stores
just Doren open then people don't do
anything and they behave a little a lot
more Mexico flags in America that's
right that's right you were talking
about patriotic movies and this is not a
particularly patriotic movie but it did
have one scene in it this movie bridge
of spies a Spielberg movie with Tom
Hanks where he Hanks goes through the
Soviet Union and he sees people trying
to escape over the Berlin Wall trying to
climb the Berlin Wall and getting shot
down and then he's in a train back in
America and he sees in this beautiful
echo only Spielberg is this smart with a
camera he sees kids jumping over fences
as play in America they're free they can
just jump over the fence and they just
go that didn't drop out of the sky that
didn't come out of that's not magic
we built that this country built it we
didn't build it but our forefathers
built it and bled for it and died for it
and so you if you don't respect that you
shouldn't be and it's one of the great
lies of the left you hit on this a
second ago but I think you have to take
it the rest of the way the left the left
promotes the idea that America is a
place not a Creed they basically suggest
that the reason we have everything that
we have is because we buy some by
fortune and conquest took the most
fertile piece of ground on earth and
that's where we've made our home and a
lot of the you get this from sort of
Mexican nationalists in America la Rosa
and others who basically think you know
if we could take back the land that you
took away from us in the in the war with
Mexico in the 1840s or whatever it was
or 1830s we could take that if we could
have that land back look how fertile and
good it is but of course that land is
exactly the same as the land in Mexico
the difference is that on this side of
an imaginary boundary certain ideas are
in place and on the other side of the
imaginary boundary other ideas are
placed and the truth is if we took the
southwestern United States and gave it
back to Mexico it would in two
generations look exactly like Mexico and
if you took northern Mexico and gave it
to the United States in two generations
it would look like everywhere else in
the United States because it's not it's
not race obviously very mixed
backgrounds here it's not land it's not
Natural Resources it's not conquest it's
not it's the idea it's ideas ideas it's
incredible to me how how much the left
denigrates ideas and how powerful ideas
actually are when I heard David Brooks
recently say you know there's not
terrorism in the Islam world because
Mohammed came down it's because these
young men are out of work
I thought dreams for my father yeah at
the very beginning he says that the same
despair drives the use of South Central
Chicago as drives the youths of Jakarta
and it's like this is something absolute
crap I mean first of all you can see
this is untrue Hong Kong right is the is
a barren Rock there's nothing there
right and it becomes this massive hub of
trade because there is have different
set of ideas or promulgated there then
in the Gaza Strip which is also not the
world's most
area but has no ideas that are being
promulgated of any real economic worth
again you can see it all over the all
over the earth you can see on one side
of a fence where ideas are changed and
the civilization is completely different
everyone from the Berlin Wall to go to
the northern border of Israel there's
nothing more interesting go up go up to
Rosh Hanikra at the very border the top
of Israel and you stand the top of
Israel you look back toward Israel and
it's all green and it's all fertile and
then you look across the board I'm
talking like 5 feet and there is nothing
yes anything it's an amazing thing you
know we drove I guess it's the West Bank
that you drive to get to Masada yeah and
first of all I kept asking all these
Israelis my wife wanted to go at night
so we would get to Masada in the early
morning could climb it in the cool of
the morning and I kept saying to
Israelis is that dangerous driving but
and of course you can't get a straight
why would it be dangerous say well what
if I get a flat tire guy actually said
to me why would you get a flat tire I
finally opted out I chickened out and
said no I want to go during the day
because I just don't know what's there
we cross that border and we were in the
third world we went from the first world
to the third world in 50 feet I mean it
was it was half it was half a football
field and suddenly we're in the midst of
this absolute destruction and it's all
ideas they could adopt those ideas
there's an idea by the way through the
Bible that is I think important to note
here and that's in an American context
is that the founders in addition to
having the right ideas ideas based on
reason they also had gratitude in the
face of those ideas and what the left
wants is to take away the idea of
gratitude and replace it with the idea
of covetousness so people you know
traditionally who came to this nation
came because they knew that something
better was possible here and they wanted
to touch that possibility
unfortunately the left now says that
because it is Geographic and race and
conquest and all of these things that
have allowed America to be prosperous
they say you should come here to get
your piece of what was taken from you
it's all based in this sort of
covetousness but but covetousness
doesn't result in prosperity right when
people win the lottery
almost almost go broke 100 percent they
become broke in the Bible in Genesis
there's the story of ABI Malik right and
ABI Malik fills in the wells of Abraham
he he basically takes possession of the
fruit of abraham's labors down the
greenhouses in gaza and then we see it
play out again 2,000 years 3,000 3,500
years later in gaza when the israelis
give a piece of land to the palestinians
as a concession and the palestinians
burned down all the greenhouses they
literally fill in the wells this is why
i'm an imperialist i'm in the
intellectual imperialist i don't believe
in imperialism by armies i don't believe
we should march on any bit but I believe
we should sell our ideas because they're
the best idea it's exactly how I feel
except I also believe in I want one more
question from Alisha in subscribers I'm
gonna go to the smelly room of
questioning the question is what do you
like my face or not I don't know so this
question is for Bennett's from John
who's 17 years old and he says that he
lives in New York and he's going to be a
freshman going into
and who is well disliked by
that's really the answer is there gonna
be certain people who actually want to
talk ideas with you and the people who
want to talk ideas with you and have
exchanges with you these are gonna be
your lifelong friends and they're a
bunch of people that you want to hang
out with because it's cool to go to
parties with them and maybe having the
exchange is not worth it you really do
have to be utilitarian about the number
of exchanges that you have now as a
person who I'm more of a family person
than a friends person to be honest like
I'd much rather hang out with my family
on any given night of the week then hang
out with any of these people
particularly Michael Knowles I do think
that if you are going to have friends it
is imperative to have a group of friends
who actually think about these issues in
a deep fashion one of the great things
about what we're doing here today is
that this is actually how we sort of
normally talk were this obnoxious daily
wire backstage people think that it's a
like we're staging it and putting it and
so I think they when it comes to being
popular you know you can only do what
you can do people don't like it they
don't like you and tough you know tough
to them but you can find a group of
people who want to have good
conversations and then treasure those
people because those people don't come
along very often in your life anything
yeah and that's the self adopted mom of
the day Lee Weyer office I would just
add that it's all quality over quantity
yeah exactly you guys soon thanks Alisha
and if you want to get your questions in
this is our ashame las' self promotion
please become a subscriber at daily
wired.com give us your lousy 10 bucks as
Andrew Clavin might say we will give you
all of this and more plus the leftist
tears hot or cold daily wire tumblr you
know automatically refilling lately
what's in here is just water but it is
the sweetest water so we've got people
at home may be noticing because they
pick up on these things that we have
transitioned away from the incensed
infants of the Christian God four-minute
tobacco by the way you guys are jerks
I'm just gonna put this out there so for
we've done how many of these now this is
our fourth one okay I hate cigar smoke I
really like I have folks may have
noticed I don't smoke a cigar usually
I've got my stupid bubble pipe right
like it's I don't
do this thing and so they come in here
they don't give a crap right they come
in here and they smoke their cigars all
the way down to the round office they
breed the smoke right in my face like
I'm some sort of prisoner and then and
then I hear the Jordan Peterson is
coming in and like Oh Jordan Peter says
I pay your frickin salaries Jordans
coming in let's get the vapes
yeah we're hello you should appreciate
this more than anybody our guest is a
doctor you know I get this letter all
the time about how I can convert you to
Christianity they don't understand we're
torturing you and I want to talk for a
moment what is moral about vaping and
what is immoral about baby
nothing everything I will say I think
that there is a an immoral assault on
fermented tobacco in this country and
that it's tied to the left hatred of the
founding because tobacco drove the
economy of the colonies at the time of
the fact of the founding that's really
I'm not sure you want to go in this
direction early preachers who came over
from Great Britain were paid in tobacco
for their time again like I'm not sure
how deep you wanted like there are some
other things associated with tobacco
growing that we're really kind of crappy
well you know but this is the poem
tobacco is a dirty weed I like it it
satisfies no normal need I like it make
sure thin it makes you lean it takes the
hair right off your being it's the worst
damn stuff I've ever seen I like it yeah
yeah what is it it's just water vapor
this is wonderful you just become a
millennial when you do it you just
automatically you're getting banned
miners regrowth
one thing I do like about it and and is
that the left is now trying to get rid
of vaping - I know and they're trying to
get rid of vaping because they just hate
people and they hate humans pursuing
happiness any choice okay but baby is
bad I don't yeah I don't even because
dope is forbidden really then bunch of
like Oh true person I really think that
for the left it really is about anything
that is forbidden becomes a good for the
heart but then the firm doesn't this
become a good when they forbid it
no no they're a lot of forbid things but
anything those previously forbidden
Megan old sure is now is now not only
good it becomes a necessitated if you do
not engage in it you're now a tolerant
you know many times I've been in a party
where somebody's been trying to get me
to smoke pot I'm like I don't even smoke
a cigarette they're like right but
that's different way more tore in it
right yes I was attending a concert ten
years ago at an indoor venue here in LA
and people started passing around joints
you know and my wife got really offended
by this cuz the whole place starts to
smell you know like pot and she said you
know if I if I lit a cigarette armed
security yeah whatever here and remove
me from this venue but we're all
supposed to accept that there's twenty
joints getting passed around I think
it's cause drugs make you a slave I
think that that's why they like them
yeah they're really like unbridled sex
and drug use that's the only thing
liberals are liberal about health
empowerment
what's up hell of a bitch but it does
like two months down the Rhine mine
you're going to the government saying
please pay for my abortion please pay
for my STD meds you know it's like it
makes it makes you dependent that's why
they like it well it's my theory forget
I just made it up Jordan comes incident
you had mentioned a good patriotic seed
in the movie yeah so should we do
favorite patriotic scene in a movie
alright so I I have one that's really
good okay who here has seen the best
years of our lives okay so of course
you're the only guy so for folks who
haven't seen Best Picture 1947 heavily
and best years of our lives a post-world
War two film by William Wyler who I
think is the most underrated director of
all time great Dora and he also did
better yeah there's a bunch of fantastic
fantastic comes good good case we made
that he's the best director of all time
just based on the number of great films
that he made in various different genres
and there's the the the whole film is
about a bunch of soldiers were coming
back from World War two and one of them
it has so many great scenes there's
Harold Russell plays one of them he's a
guy who actually had no hands he has
hooks for hands in the film sees event
who's coming back with hooks for hands
he's coming back to his high school
sweetheart who doesn't who hasn't seen
the fact that he has know that he has no
hands and the question is is she gonna
marry him knowing that now he's
dependent on her no it's just his
phenomenal and there's there's one great
scene there are many great scenes in the
film the but one of the best scenes is
there's a scene where he it has a most
romantic scene also there's a scene
where with him and the girl where he
first shows her what life is gonna be
like when he takes off the hooks and
it's just spectacularly good but there's
it but there's another scene where he's
in a he's in basically working at a
department store and Dana Andrews is
also another vet who's come back with
him and there's this guy who comes in
who's in America first or like not not
like a trump america-first like a
Charles Lindbergh America first or right
like like a full-on isolationist World
War two is the wrong thing to do like
that Buchanan in a world war World War
two we should have stayed out of it
because we had nothing against Hitler
Hitler had nothing against us and he
comes in and he starts berating Harold
Harold Russell why'd you lose your hands
for there's no purpose to losing your
hair so likes it like so many members
the left now with all these vets who
have come back from Iran saying why'd
you even bother to do that you wasted
your time it's a Vietnam vets you wasted
everything why would you bother have
been engaging this the guys wearing and
the guys wearing a little American flag
pin and Harold's Russell reaches over
with his with his hook and pulls the
American flag pin off the guy and it's
and it's like that's that's about right
that's about right it's a great scene I
don't think it compares though to the
end of Dinesh D'Souza's Hillary's
America America there is a sequence in
which god Bless America
CEG's directly into the star-spangled
banner as f-18s buzz the screen
fireworks explode Lance T Morgan and
Stephen Limbaugh plays rock and roll
piano and I think that if you didn't cry
at that then I don't even want to sit
next to you to mantra truck it does make
that scene in the patriot you know where
Gibson shoves the flag through the guys
but it makes that look quite subtle by
comparison
as anybody but maybe he's seen the film
not without my daughter
no uncie it's a good movie you love this
one okay hello this picture came out say
say the eighties nineties this picture
came out with Sally Field truce ah yeah
absolutely I'd never see any camera by
the critics for political reasons
Vincent Canby who was then the chief
critic of the New York Times later
admitted that he hammered it for
political reasons because it's the true
story of a woman who marries a Muslim
guy she takes him she goes back with him
to his country which I can't remember
which one it is and then he turns into a
monster and she's got to get out but you
can't leave without her daughter and if
she goes through all kinds of hell to
get out of this place and the last scene
she steps across a line and she looks up
and a flag unfurls the American flag
unfurls and you weep you just go like
that's that's what she was trying to get
to that's where we got to be and it's
that's a beautiful scene and you will
love this movie okay thank you telling
you about my oh my favorite I mean I no
joke as we were talking about Dinesh I
was thinking about the Patriot I do love
it when the American flag goes right
through them you know the the trouble is
as you say there aren't really patriotic
movies these days the one I guess I'll
go back in defend Hail Caesar there's
this moment where George Clooney playing
George Clooney idiot left-wing actor he
says oh you know professor mokuzu says
this I know the Marxist a and we're not
really doing anything and what's the
guy's name Josh Brolin literally grabs
him up and just starts slapping him and
he says this studio has been good to you
and we go out there and we make a
product which is artistic and it's for
America and took people to righties
he says okay I'm sorry and and even that
would have been great that would have
been a great scene about American
capitalism and what the art that we
export to the world but then it clooney
leaves deject and he said it hey hey hey
stop go out there and be a star and
there's that American and aspirational
aspect to go out there listen you idiot
Hollywood actor go out there and do the
best that you do it's really they're
really an American saying who's that
makes the movie and it's about Jesus
that's right he delivers this beautiful
speech and then get and I can't remember
the word he's supposed to go the cute
girl goes faith
it's a great bill I probably just want
to stand by Hilary's America delicious
but I will say even though it's a bit
cliche and we talked about it on every
one of our episodes here but the best
movie ever made about America is birth
art in which Mel Gibson pretends that a
bunch of Catholic Scotsman are
Protestant British subjects in America
it is a movie about about this country
it's America it's a it's a movie about
the ideals that on which this country
was founded with it man who shot Liberty
valance right my favorite right which is
great if you haven't seen my Liberty
valance folks go out and see it it's
it's a spectacular film Enya and
understand the metaphor of the man who
has to use force in order to make room
for the civilization that can grow it's
just it's such a deep film that would
never get made today in a million years
you know just when you were saying there
were no more to your point when you were
saying there were no more patriotic
films I was trying to think of a counter
example and the first one that came into
my mind was 300 yes another one where
they pretend this Sparta is America when
they weren't at the very accepted the
killing babies at the beginning where
you get your against killing babies now
is you know I'm the worst but it is it
is truly amazing that if you ask people
like where they get their patriotism no
I don't think that they get it from
anywhere I mean like at least not no way
I mean it's it having grown up my entire
life here if you ask people the only
time they look at the american flag
they're looking at it ironically as that
and it's a there's nothing more
abhorrent than that back that gave you
your freedom like this this right here
represents the greatest country in the
history of the world that gives you
everything this is what i was noticing
about all these socialists who grow up
in capitalist splendor yeah I remember I
was at some some events I was speaking
to one of these colleges and there was a
socialist group handing out pamphlets
beforehand and so just for fun I grabbed
one of the pamphlets and I spent the
first 10 minutes riffing on the pamphlet
and made a series of quotes from all
these Americans who have socialism was
like Helen Keller was a socialist Martin
Luther King was a socialist and all
these people and I said they and and I
said you know what all of them had in
common
none of them had to live under isn't
really the fact that America is a
free-market country which can only exist
in the presence of a social fabric this
is the other thing I think we all have
to recognize that as much as the right
right now is focus very much on free
markets in capitalism which makes sense
as opposed to the socialistic stupidity
that the left is pushing but without a
social fabric and a level of virtue to
back up the free market the free market
does degrade pretty quickly into
something that involves exploitation for
your own personal gain that's why the
founders all believed Adam Smith
believed this I mean read Adam Smith he
says the same thing everyone who is a
founding father believed that if you
didn't balance the the pursuit of
happiness with virtue you were not going
that there would be no happiness or
virtue just it would all fall apart
incredibly quickly Adam Smith was not an
economist exactly he was a moral
philosopher he abstract this from its
management happening that was happening
to conservatism for a long time I
noticed this like ten years fifteen
years ago where they were talking about
capitalism as if it were in itself a
good rather than a system that like all
human systems needs to be contained by
the good yeah exactly well you've seen
and it's really it's really a problem as
you've seen the religious community in
the conservative movement retreat into
religiosity and and see and sort of
suggest that capitalism is cruel and
terrible and then you've seen the
libertarian movement suggest that
churches impose their values from above
and their intolerance and their terrible
and if you bring up your kid in the
church it's because you're a fool and
I've said for a long time the only way
the conservative movement survives in
the long run is going to be if
conservatives recognize the libertarians
are right about government and
libertarians recognize that
conservatives are right about culture
but if that if we lack social fabric
then we're gonna fall apart
and right now I'm much more worried
about the the the social fabric falling
apart and I think I am about the markets
falling apart just cuz the markets are
so ensconced in every area of our life I
think that all of the pie in the sky
crap that is being pushed by Bernie
Sanders and company like they failed to
recognize that all of the Nordic
socialist countries are not actually
socialist countries they're all votes on
the back of capitalism then they tried
to redistribute the game and they also
they also live in our garage basically
they yes they use the things we invent I
always say if they do they use cell
phones too they use cars that confuse
computers and they're using the fruits
of capitalism and do they have an army
that can defend them or do they depend
on us to defend them it's also true the
Denmark ranks above us in economic
freedom I mean in terms of just like the
amount of
halation it's just that their tax rates
are really high which is terrible and
redistribution is but that's not
actually means of ownership of the means
of production right now it's only the
idiots among the Socialists in America
we talk about ownership of the means of
production so really round out your
point the only way that these sort of
economic policies of the left can become
dominant is if we first lose the culture
politics politics is only able to
function within the narrow confines
defined by culture
well this is why Barack Obama could be
had to be against gay marriage in order
to be elected in 2008 and had to be for
gay marriage in order to be elected in
2012 the culture moved the lines Barack
Obama didn't serious a serious problem
in terms of religion I think that you
know religion is the bottom rung of the
Jenga tower and I think that that is
what the left always does I mean
progress progress really is like Jenga
and that you pull out the parts that you
don't need and you put them on top and
that's what you build on once you start
pulling away those load-bearing walls
everything falls over and I just think
you know we are at a moment when we
actually need some people to make
arguments about our religion that are
fit for the modern age I mean I think
that you know I wrote a book about it
listen so do you yes we must I mean I
think that's our job no I think that's
agree that that's the thing that is
falling apart the most and that's been
because of the malfeasance of churches
it's because of the malfeasance of
synagogues for religious leaders who
have run away from the political fray
they've made their religion less
relevant to daily life they've decided
that religion has nothing to say about
major issues in politics but basically
religion is there so you can go there
and hear somebody play guitar or say a
few words about the Bible that have no
actual relevance to anything beyond be a
nice person which you could get just
from reading Aristotle and it's in it's
it's it's it's just it's foolishness I
mean the root of the the religious
community are certain basic principles
that cannot be reasoned to this is where
people this is where people fail is I
think that we've become the the counter
to the kind of anti enlightenment that's
happening right now the movements away
from reason the passion movement has
been as you said this sort of Vulcan
enlightenment where they say reason is
the ultimate solution to everything and
the truth is reason is not the ultimate
solution to everything people can reason
themselves into pretty much anything and
we just saw that over the court the
worst things right most of the the first
half of the 20th century
was about people reasoning themselves
into the belief that mass murder was
okay or that full state ownership of
everything resulting in mass murder was
okay reason doesn't take you the whole
way you have to have the right premises
in order to reach the right conclusion
so for me religion provides certain
basic premises and then you can reason
from those premises to the correct
conclusions but if we'd only the left
makes statements and and the Whore of
Babylon Oprah she stated this explicitly
in the during the 2008 election when she
said you know basically that for America
to ascend all the old white guys have to
die like it's always baked into the
leftist calculation that people have to
die if they want to purge all the all
the sort of ideas that they do that
they've objected to they don't find
wisdom in the past they don't ever look
back you know one of the one of the
alarming things that I found as I talked
to Millennials is how little they know
about anything that happened before them
and because we have a certain conceit
because we have cell phones that are
connected to the internet wirelessly any
fact any piece of data that exists
anywhere on earth can be in your hand in
mere seconds you just have you need
discipline to read them yeah but but it
causes us to think that were the most
advanced people to ever live we're not
we're the most technologically advanced
we were born on third base and we think
we had address that's Steven Pinker's
big mistake as he thinks that he thinks
the technological advancement and
scientific advancement is advancement
and is really the illusion of advance
that's right it's a wonderful thing and
don't get me wrong we all love it but it
it it does it is based on this society
that built it it didn't it didn't break
away these are basically it was a
scaffold that religion was a scaffold to
build the tower and this after the after
the tower was built and you can remove
the scaffold nothing will fall down yeah
and it's it's all foundational these
foundational principles like even things
as basic as freewill
responsibility these things are not you
can't reason your way to free well right
you can't they're right I mean the
reality the reason you can reason
yourself out of it well this is what Sam
Harris does right me I had him on fur
for an hour and I love Sam I mean Sam is
a really nice guy and a good guy and I
have lots of fun talking to him but Sam
bases his entire political world view in
my view on the idea that we do have free
will but he wrote an entire book about
how we don't have free will and so I
sent him okay so
we've been sitting in like what's the
point of this conversation and he and he
says reason is the most valuable thing I
totally agree reason is supremely
valuable but if you are a base
materialist and you believe that
basically we are just a conglomeration
of atoms and in a certain configuration
then what difference does it make
which neuron is firing - which neuron
why is that superior in a moral way but
reason is not the most valuable thing
because reason as we understand it is a
fairly new construct and look so are
many of the things that I love from this
vape in which I now love to my cell
phone to the air-conditioning in this
building to light I mean I love the
products that reason has given us sure
but to imply that reason is the highest
good is to basically suggest that no one
who lived before this Lin this sliver of
a moment in which we live experienced
fulfilment and the truth is many many
people found more fulfillment before but
they be aged originally I agree that
reasons you know you were talking about
the French Revolution and they did
worship reason them literally
yeah they got really took over Notre
Dame and you know and I know it's funny
in all these Enlightenment books they
are always attacking the romantics who
are my favorites I like the fact that we
have Percy Shelley over there one of the
worst human beings whether but but one
of the things about the romantics is
they saw the French Revolution and
everybody says oh they were against the
Enlightenment no there were it's
slaughtering people on mass they're
against World War that came out of the
French Revolution and they said you know
we lost something here and they went
back and tried to find it many of them
went back and tried to find it without
God which didn't work out too well but
at least they were looking in the right
place that there is something I mean
after all beauty and truth those two you
know pillars of our lives
they don't actually come from reason
they start as you say with axioms and
then we remain people who lived 3500
years ago were people yeah but that
reason right
well they had a kind of reason but they
don't have the reason to people now
worship your reason about science they
don't have a scientific reason yeah and
where they found most of their
contentment at that time was in the same
places that people find their
contentment today that's the point that
I'm making that people haven't changed
society has changed people are people
but modern reason I think actually is an
outgrowth of religion I mean just
historically speaking the
modern modern reason the scientific
method the idea that you're supposed to
investigate the cosmos that you can that
came from an idea are supposed to
investigate the cosmos to know God
better but I mean this is it's a very
very domestic idea right so mr. Costa
Maimonides idea right this is this is
this is is actually in especially an
Islamic idea at that time right
preceding all of that you actually have
people like Al Farabi who are actually
making the same case in the Islamic
world before Islam clamps down and then
you have basically a thousand years of
stagnation in terms of scientific
discovery in Islamic world it's the
reason was a human possibility that was
universal but the developments of reason
in a specific way is the outgrowth of a
judeo-christian civilization and all of
that spread to two other places and
grafted on to other cultures cannot hide
the fact that scientific development was
almost purely a Western phenomenon post
13th century that if you look at sign
that the development of science and the
development of reason in the last 800
years nearly all of it is happening in
the West the guy which is why gunpowder
and in China meant nothing but as soon
as it got to the West only people
realize we can fire this crap at each
other the pursuit of the Big Bang was
not reached yeah II believe in God he
was a Catholic priest George Lemaitre a
aiesec Newton Gregor Mendel great Mendel
right yeah Mendel Isaac Newton spent
decades incorporating Scripture it is
when these guys come to me the kind of
modern atheist types and they say oh we
don't have free will oh I've reasoned
I've understood that we don't have free
will my response is I start punching
them
I punch them because I they said stop
punching this oh no I'm not punching you
I'm not punching it I'm not morally
culpable I'm not doing anything it's
such a it's such a sad and shallow
abdication of every foundation that
brought you to that point of the age of
reason if I talk to this guy in the show
last week we had that North Korean
defector we're gonna air it this week
gee seong-ho you know the guy with the
crutches at the state it was the most
heroic person I'll ever meet probably in
my life and he had crossed into China to
beg he was begging though you know he
wasn't running away yet and he
encountered a Christian missionary and
he just thought North Korean life lying
on the floor for days at a time not just
so you don't starve to death by wasting
energy he thought that was the way of
life he met this Christian missionary
and he said at that moment he realized
that all human beings long for freedom
hmm he realized that there's something
that touches the human soul right at its
core to make you long for freedom and
it's just as we were talking about that
foundation within that construct of this
culture that we can reason to we can be
revealed that that stirs the human heart
to fruit this is why it's so frustrating
when people who don't read the Bible
start ripping on the Bible like really
people who have never read more than the
couple of verses out of context that
Richard Dawkins quotes in his books
right where it's like they don't bother
to read the part where God specifically
says right you have a choice here
between life and death
choose life right these these areas of
agency these areas of your supposed to
the idea that the word is more familiar
the Old Testament obviously for obvious
reasons but the the area where it says
that this is it's not in heaven right
it's now it's here it's for you to
understand whether this idea is is
rooted in in biblical thought which is
why at least in Judea thought we have
volume upon volume people arguing with
each other about how to interpret this
stuff because what my view of religion
is that God gave a revelation but he
gave it to human beings who were capable
of reason for a reason he gave it to us
because our job is to try and understand
what the hell God was saying to us and
if we if we don't do that then then it's
it's just as bad as no revelation at all
revelation is given to a specific set of
people at a specific set of time with
knowledge of how people operate God
knows all of that stuff and so the way
that I sort of see the Bible the way I
see religion is that we are you know a
set of chemicals and God puts the
catalyst in the in the brew and once the
catalyst is in the brew then things
start building almost as though he
formed us and then breathe the life well
the image which I mean even even in the
language of the the original Hebrew
language right when it's talking about
God breathing Ruach into people buck has
wind and spirit right so the idea is
that it is it is that life force that
gives it that that's what makes us
unique right it's that life force that
makes us unique as opposed to the
animals and that comes along with
certain privileges and certain
responsibilities one of our favorite
books of poetic diction talks about the
fact that when they originally use those
words they weren't it wasn't - meaning
right it was the moneyman spirit which
is a wonderful idea because it actually
does take that takes you to where you
got to be I mean I mean that's the thing
that this civilization loses the
image of the Trinity that you get in
from the from Genesis is Christ as the
word God the Father calls forth the word
and his breath is the Ruach is the
spirit and the Catholic to mystic
understanding is that the Holy Spirit is
the bond of love between the father and
the son you get this perfect picture of
this of this logical universe because
God is the logic of the universe and
from that you get the natural law and
you get the natural rights that are
enshrined you know in the political
document that started the country of
another religion I'm probably gonna make
a fool of myself here but I've read well
most of the holy books and I I can't
think of another religion that puts so
much emphasis on the word that God said
let there be light and there was light
our country is based on words this is
why when you see people it's the idea
that that human existence is based on
words right then what matters most in
our lives based on words and then what
the left says is no your based on
material based on things words don't
mean anything and all the shortcomings
in your life this is based on lack of
material privilege what gives your life
meaning is the words whether it's you
saying I love you to your spouse or
whether it is the words that came down
from Sinai it's its words and our
interactions with each other
and our interactions with something
beyond ourselves that actually matter
even predating Christianity though the
Egyptians believed that words had magic
and that the spoken word created
something in the universe there's why
they built giant temples to themselves
after they died because they believed
that you died a second time when people
stopped speaking your name allowed
there's there is power in the spoken
power in the spoken word because it
communicates the ideas in which humans
find their meaning there's somebody
listening the mythology mythology it is
now time to welcome our very special
guest he is a clinical psychologist a
professor and author of the best-selling
12 rules for life an antidote to chaos
even more interestingly given tonight's
subject matter he hails from a nation
not America located as best I can recall
somewhere to the general north of us a
land whose chief exports are comedians
and health care refugees a land best
known as george washington's greatest
take yes I'm talking about Canada this
welcome to dr. Jordan Peterson see you
guys go to warmed up dr. Peterson we're
talking about him and freedom have you
ever considered that if George
Washington had just marched North
Americans would have invented Tim
Hortons and you wouldn't have to put
your lady king oppressor on your coinage
to this where you guys tried that in
1812 got stomped pretty bad welcome
thank you for sitting down with us my
pleasure
we're talking about just random crap
that matters it started talking about
human freedom and never talking religion
actually yes well I heard you making
some comments about Egyptian theology
mmm when I just sat down and so you know
for more than any of us well it is the
case that the Egyptians had an idea that
the world was created as a consequence
of the use of language the word right
and and so it they're the DAR the
judeo-christian doctrine of the word
seems to have some of its historical
grounding in the and in the ancient
Egyptian conceptions and the Egyptians
were actually concerned not only with
language like the Mesopotamians by the
way because they're their God Marduk who
who conquered chaos to to generate the
world out of the pieces of chaos it was
chaos in monstrous form of another
goddess named goddess named Tiamat he
used magic words to to defeat her and
also attention he was a God of attention
hid eyes all the way around his head
so both the Mesopotamians and the
Egyptians were very much concerned not
only with with linguistic ability but
also with the capacity to pay attention
which i think is extremely interesting
because it's different than thinking
it's something different than reason as
well because attention attention
precedes reason and attention is
actually something that's also dependent
on the structure of your values and so
the Mesopotamians and the egyptians had
figured out that it was some something
like the combination of attention and
language that that generated the
habitable world it's a really deep idea
i've kind of tracked that through the
old testament too and one of the things
that i found absolutely fascinating
about the opening sentence of Genesis is
there's an idea
God uses language logos fundamentally to
extract out habitable order from chaos
and potential that's the basic idea then
of course every time he does that day by
day so to speak he says that it's good
and so there's a really profound idea
and they're an unbelievably profound
idea which is that not only does
linguistic ability and the word
transform chaos and potential into
habitable order but if it's truthful
speech then the habitable order that
emerges is good it's an ethical it's an
ethical axiom you were talking about
axioms a little bit earlier and so the
the axiom the fundamental axiom that
opens up the old testament is something
like the the being that's brought into
being as a consequence of truthful
speech is by definition good it's an
axiomatic statement and it's so
interesting and it's it's it's it's such
a brilliant it's an absolutely brilliant
idea because it's kind of what you
believe when you have faith is that you
believe that creation is good which is
against all odds and against even what
you're you can see with your eyes and
suffer there's also a matter a matter of
participating in if it's good well
that's the thing that's so interesting
and that's your ethical obligation is
and it's also something that by the way
it precedes the exile right everybody
thinks that tilling the land right that
our obligation to work happens after the
exile from Eden yeah the first
obligation of man is to cultivate until
the garden before they leave the garden
so the question is why are they
cultivating and tilling the garden well
the garden is perfect supposedly well
they also they're also it's also before
that this statement is made that they're
made in the image of God it's not
obvious what that means at that point
but if if God at least in part the way
that's laid out is the structure that
uses linguistic communication to give
rise to being that's the that's the
basic narrative then the fact that
people are made in that images is the
idea that we continue that process which
I they start naming the animals right
right that's a man is to start using his
own language yeah
the animals don't exist in some sense
till they're named you know just like
things don't exist in some sense till
they're named like I mean it's
complicated Jewish theology it's the
same thing by the way is that you're
actually not supposed to name the baby
until the birth day until until there's
a brief Mila so with with our son we
didn't name
formerly until the day of his brief me
law because the idea is that he has not
been fully invested almost as like he's
a human being but he hasn't been fully
invested as a capable human being in a
certain sense until we actually name him
on the day that he is entered into the
Covenant once he enters into the
covenant then that's when you give him
the name we hope you literally do it
simultaneous with that what words do
call things into reality you know in
some sense that we don't really
understand otherwise we wouldn't think
because what you're doing when you're
thinking is you're you're it's it's the
precursor in some sense to transforming
potential into actuality so one of the
ways that I've been and this is it and
what an alternative to thinking in a
deterministic way is that what we see in
front of us is a landscape of
possibility
that's what we face and that and we have
a range of choices within that landscape
of possibility they're not unbounded
because we're not omniscient and or an
omnipotent right so they're not
unbounded but it's a wide range of
choices and we determine which of those
potentialities will manifest themselves
what will manifest themselves in reality
and we do that first of all by thinking
because that helps us plot our course
well we think with words grammar talks
about this actually another clinical
psychologist he said that he learned at
trial saikai psychiatrist that's right
they're almost but he said this early on
in punditry he realized that by naming
something he imbued his piece with a
great power so as a psychiatrist he
identified some disorder and he this was
a disorder that people had known about
you know but he gave a name to it and
now every year a dozen people are
diagnosed with this disorder and
famously in the eighties he diagnosed
the Reagan doctrine and there was a
little advocacy here too he was
observing some things but he also wanted
to push the White House in that
direction and he said by giving the name
the Reagan doctrine he in a sense
created the Reagan doctrine yeah I made
a trip down to Costa Rica with some
friends probably 12 years ago now and
you know we're all looking at the things
that we're gonna do those zip-liner go
whitewater rafting I somehow found a
book about the exotic birds of Costa
Rica and you know you're on a long bus
ride so I'm thumbing through this book
of learning the names of certain birds
as a result I saw all of the birds while
we were on the trip
no one else saw any of the birds I would
ask them you know did you see this did
you see that yeah they didn't there's an
aspect that goes along with that issue
of attention there's an aspect that's
something like bringing into focus right
and it's it's a definition of what's
there and what's not there at the same
time but and then and then and so
obviously in some sense the birds were
there although they weren't there for
you but they blended into everything
else and that which blends into
everything else is not really there in
some sense it's not there till it stands
out against the background so there is
the background whatever that is well
that's that potential in some sense but
it doesn't attain its full reality until
it's carved out of the background that
all of my friends apparently read books
on how to sleep with beautiful women
this is why I inherited wisdom matter so
much because if you don't have inherited
wisdom you don't even know what you're
looking for
right it this is that famous
psychological study where they have the
the person in in they have two people in
the foreground toward throwing a
basketball than one another okay and
they say you know how many times is this
person throwing the basketball to this
other person and then in the background
they actually have a person dressed in a
gorilla suit walking around like celery
right Bryan right yeah and they asked
you how many times if you were keeping
track of how many times the ball was
thrown then you know how many times
about was thrown there and say well what
about the gorilla people like whoa but
as soon as you tell people there was a
girl in the video so one of the things
that I've been discussing with the
people that I've been talking to on this
tour all these the people in the
audience is the fact that this is
something that's absolutely it's
absolutely beyond belief that
neuroscience has converged on this as an
idea and it's partly as a consequence of
these studies although there's way more
information than that that's that's
pushing this vision not only do you
carve out what's real as a consequence
of your words but you see the world
through your value system and and and
and it's like well no no the worlds
there without your value system it's
like no no you don't get it is the
things that announce themselves to your
perception so the things that announce
themselves to you as even more
fundamental than facts right because I
think objects are even more fundamental
than facts its conditioned to a degree
that's almost inexpressible by your
value system but one of the propositions
that
putting forward to my audiences look if
the world isn't manifesting itself to
you in a manner that you find tolerable
and so you're bitter and resentful about
that
and maybe you have your reasons to be
that because life is very difficult it's
possible that you're aiming at the wrong
things it's like that's an it's it's a
presupposition that's worth
investigating because it does seem that
you you carve out figure from ground as
a consequence of imposing a value system
on this plethora the infinite plethora
of potential facts and so if all that's
doing is leading you to a position that
it isn't commensurate with the sort of
life that you'd even like to bear than
you think ha
maybe my value system is is not oriented
properly one of the things that's really
interesting about the Old Testament one
of the things that makes it such a
stupendous moral document is that every
time the ancient Hebrews they get
flattened by God all the time like it's
just they build up an empire and they
get flattened and they build up an
empire and they get flattened and you
know it's often because they've they've
deep there's a prophet emerges and says
you guys have deviated from the divine
path and so you're gonna get walloped
and no one listens or sometimes they do
and then they get walloped but one of
the things that really marks out the
ancient Hebrews is every time they get
walloped they say we must have made a
mistake right there's no victimization
culture there so to speak it's like if
if we're being flattened it's because
we're stupid and wrong and that's a and
you think well is that a pessimistic or
optimistic statement it's like well if
you're stupid and wrong you might be
able to do something about it okay but
if the world's stupid in Ross
interesting this is this is exactly the
point that so many of the new scientific
Pro Enlightenment writers find almost
comical well one of them compared it to
Monty Python that they should find a
proof of God in their disasters but
instead of but it but in fact it's an
incredibly useful idea that it's your
mistake it's not God's mistake it's your
mistake like the world is is predicated
on suffering and it's got an overlay of
malevolence it's like there's no doubt
about that sure and so then the question
is well where's the fault and the answer
to that is well you can't figure it out
until you rectify your own faults but
what if the Prophet always do he points
them back to the words right he points
them back to those original ideas and I
think that
to sort of pull this back to our our
fourth of July and also Canada Day and
our Canada Day conversation is you know
what is special about the words on which
this nation and maybe to a broader
extent the West as we understand it what
are the words what are the ideas that
brought us here how can we help point
people back to those ideas for their own
for selfish interests obviously because
I think our world is a better place but
for their interest to you we we live in
a world where we see such unhappy people
suicidal so one of the things this has
been I've been watching what really
stops the crowds in their tracks and
make them make some dead silent and and
there's a couple of things that I've
been talking about that do that but one
of the most one of the most effective
rhetorical devices let's say or topics
is probably better yes the dark is to
talk about responsibility and so like
responsibility is often something that's
finger waved at you you know you should
be a good person but I've been setting
forward a set of propositions to the
audience and the first proposition is
the one we discussed in a bit ago that
there isn't there is a an element of
existence that's suffering that's
compounded by malevolence that's sort of
in eradicable you know and it's the sort
of thing that makes people wonder
whether their own lives are worthwhile
or whether life is even worthwhile so so
and and that's the fundamental issue
that's the the suffering and the
malevolence that's part of life it's
like okay well you need something to
contend with that because you're to
contend against that because you're not
going to overcome it but it doesn't seem
like you're going to overcome it what
helps you contend with it
you need something to get yourself out
of bed on a terrible day so you can so
you can move forward and the answer that
almost invariably is weirdly enough it's
responsibility it's like who the hell
would have guessed that it's like well
you need something meaningful because
you set the meaning against the tragedy
and the suffering and the malevolence
that's okay this is terrible but I have
something meaningful to do okay where do
you find what's meaningful well who do
you admire while you admire people that
can take care of themselves and you
admire people who take care of other
people as well as themselves and maybe
you really admire people who can also do
some good in the community while they're
taking care of themselves and their
family right so the heavier burden
they're bearing the more
respectable and admirable they are it's
like oh isn't that interesting the
meaning that helps you stay the meaning
that helps you contend with life without
becoming embittered and cynical and
vengeful and all those terrible things
is to be found in adopting as much
responsibility as you can and it isn't
obvious that people for a while at least
have made that connection between
responsibility and meaning and that's a
way better argument than you should be
responsible this is I want to ask you a
question because I'm right in the middle
of your book which I'm enjoying
immensely by the way and you often talk
because you're a clinical psychologist
you often talk in very practical terms
about the things that work the things
that make life better and yet I have
found that people who can't make sense
of even the most practical ideas if they
can't don't have an underlying sense
they can't follow the those ideas
through right and a lot of you have to
get up to the abstractions think well we
have to go to the abstraction the
abstractions require a certain amount of
faith they require a certain amount of
faith for instance that the logos is
good that the good is better than the
than the chaos wait what do where do you
direct people's faith because I'm a
little confused about it I I hear you
kind of speaking in sort of Union ideas
that there's a that these gods are kind
of are they within us are they is this a
model within the collective unconscious
or do you believe there is something out
there that we are responsible
pensee you mean by out there well no but
I mean what do you mean do you mean out
there in space doesn't look like it we
don't long ways out not 15 and a half
billion light-years
is there something other than space and
time in which we on which this world is
supportive good question thanks I mean
how did how to answer that I've had
experiences that I can't describe that
would suggest that they're to me
personally I don't know what that would
mean
I mean universally well I think we may
have I mean but but and III I don't I
don't know about that I mean the reason
that I've tried to stay within the
psychological or even the biological
domain in my discussions of religion is
because that's an area that I have some
expertise in and I do think that I do
think that you can track the evolution
of religion
ideas it in to to to to it to way down
way down and and and so there's a
hierarchy of values and whatever's at
the higher top of the hierarchy of
values is in some sense de facto God
what happened what happened with because
it's too high it's the thing that you're
serving it's the thing to which you you
you give obeisances for there to be a
hierarchy of yeah this doesn't have to
be something above the values themselves
to which those values 10 I I think that
you could say yes I think the highest
value in the hierarchy isn't exactly a
value it's the process by which values
are generated okay it's a strange thing
you know well the thing is is if you
think about the Christian symbolic
universe psychologically okay you have
something at the pinnacle and the
pinnacle is Christ whatever Christ
represents and the Christ is the king of
kings and that actually means something
from an abstraction perspective it's
like well if you took a lot of people
who deserve to be King because of their
positive qualities let's say they
actually embody a valid sovereignty and
so you have a dozen kings and they're
all great Kings and then you distill out
of them what makes them great as Kings
what you distill out of that is that
symbolic image and that actually started
to happen long before Christianity you
saw it in the ancient Egyptian
representations of Horus and cirrus for
example because the Pharaoh the Egyptian
pharaoh was actually the embodiment of
the conjunction of Horace and Osiris and
so the Egyptians was trying to puzzle
this out in an in their imagistic way
and in Mesopotamia the god Marduk who
already talked about who was magic words
and attention he had eyes all the way
around his head like Horus because Horus
the Egyptian God was an eye who could
pay attention right the famous I pay
attention and people were already trying
to work out what imagine that each tribe
had its God and then all the tribes got
together and then the gods had a war
because how else do you settle which
tribe God is going to win and so that
there was a conflict of gods
abstractions across huge spans of time
thousands and thousands of years and the
guards organized themselves into a
hierarchy and some God came out on top
it was mardik in the Mesopotamian case
and them and the Mesopotamians figured
out well which God should be the top god
oh the god of magic words
the god that pays attention the God that
confronts chaos
makes habitable order it's like hey
that's not bad that's a principle of
sovereignty it's also a principle of
divinity it's also the hallmark of the
soul and you can lay all that out both
biologically and evolutionarily and then
the question emerges well is there
something other than that like does that
point to something else and this I don't
I don't I don't know about this this is
this is where our knowledge sort of ends
but but here's that here's an idea it's
sort of a lateral idea so so imagine
that that that that there's the idea of
God the Father what might that be
well here's how human sexual selection
works as far as I can tell and this is
what separated us from chimpanzees by
the way so so all the men get together
and they're doing something useful and
all the men vote on who the most useful
man is of doing that useful thing okay
and so he gets to go up to the top of
the hierarchy well then you could
imagine the man who's most useful across
multiple hierarchies that's even a
better idea but we'll stick with one
hierarchy the man will get together and
they vote on who's the best man so it's
like the spirit of man votes on the best
man that's who the women sleep with
right right so it's so interesting
because what happens is we get together
with our consciousness of what it means
to be human and we vote on who's
superior among us and we promote them to
mating status and the women deal from
the top and that is how we're so so then
you might say well people think well
evolution is a random process you kind
of hear that no serious biologists
believe that because it's not random the
the generation of mutations the
generation of variation is random
possibly at least quasi random but the
selection mechanism that's bloody well
not random it's not random at all and
something's been driving it for a long
time and insofar as human beings have
hierarchies of value and insofar as you
dominate the hierarchy of value you're
in a better position to reproduce which
you certainly are especially if you're
male then the hierarchy value determines
reproductive success so then you have
the action of a discriminatory
consciousness across an extended expanse
of time that's actually driving human
evolution it's like well how closely
associated that is that with God well I
don't know
does the literal in the metaphorical
touch at that point that's the quest
you know because the the discriminatory
consciousness separates the heavens from
the earth that separates the birds from
the fish but does at the end of that
hierarchy and at the top of those values
and the and that thing which creates the
values does it become incarnate and live
for 30 years and die for your sins for
instance or some other or some other
worth noting especially in the context
of today's conversation that the West
isn't just premise on ancient ideas of
gods its premise very specifically on
the idea of one God on of the god of
monotheism that the that the the
polytheistic world didn't invent
modernity the monotheistic world
invented modernity and in some ways
began inventing modernity from the
moment of its inception God speaks to
Abraham and the world as we sort of
understand it starts puts itself in
motion well there's a parallel to
between the development of monotheism
and and psychological integration like
if you don't if you're not aimed at one
thing let's say so you don't have a
highest value so you don't have a
monotheistic God that's one way of
looking at it then your house divided
amongst itself you're weak because
you're pulling yourself in more than one
direction and if you're pulling yourself
in one more than one direction then it's
easy to stop you may be you're pulling
yourself in ten directions I mean that's
what happens when you're in the state of
confusion you can't be oriented
according to one value so you can't act
in the world the question is well what
what the real question is what should be
the ultimate value that Orient's you and
I think the religious systems the great
religious systems have been trying to
lay that out in image and and story what
should be the highest value and it's
something like in Christianity it's
something like that which dies and can
be reborn right it's that which
internally renews itself it's also the
logos it's the word that extracts chaos
out of order it's all the it's the it's
the thing that's embodied as the king of
kings and and and what's interesting
about it and also psychologically
sophisticated which makes it something
other than just reason is that it's
embodied because reason is kind of a
disembodied thing you know it's the sort
of thing that maybe you could
gerrymander with artificial intelligence
although that didn't work very well
because even a AI systems have to be
embodied you can't separate out the
reason from the embodiment and that's
partly why you get that emphasis in
Christianity is the
word has to be made flesh but it's worth
but a sacrilege that come together it's
worth knowing that in both Judaism and
Christianity which emerges out of
Judaism that the the one God isn't
identified with one value the one God is
identified with a series of values but
with a series of virtues with the fruits
of the spirit from a Christian point of
view thank God is love but God is also
justice that God is mercy but he is also
judgment that God is the thing in which
we hope he's the hypothetical
transcendent ideal from which all those
things all the other ideas and so you
can't be encapsulated in a single value
we're very difficult you know you were
talking about metaphor before you you're
also talking about the direction of the
flow of meaning because there was a huge
push now to tell us that everything
means the flesh everything is the
meaning the ultimate meaning I mean
that's kind of what we're Freud was
trying to I was really just a chemical
it's a series of chemicals but the whole
thing about Christianity when you say
that the truth we can reduce your
thoughts to my theory of what a chemical
but the whole point about an embodied
God is that he embodies something he is
embodying to something the logos that is
not embodied and it suggests that all
metaphors going in the other direction
that all metaphors are traveling upward
that the flesh itself is a language that
God is speaking through and that we are
languages and that we are more than
flesh and that we are more than flesh
and we represent something more than
what I've often I know there's this is
not an original thought but I tend to
think that all of the physical world is
a metaphor for something more important
playing out at a level that we can't
really perceive that basically what God
gave us this is a as a ground rooted us
in something that our little monkey
brains could conceive I think to
represent I just don't think we notice I
think personally don't receive it all
the time because right like my my
psychological analysis let's say has has
led me to observe that we do inhabit a
world of order and chaos and we
understand that it's the basis for most
of our narratives even though we can't
say it we can't articulate it but it's
it's embedded in there
and everyone understands it because they
go watch the narratives and it makes
sense so that's the background order is
order in chaos and then on top without
there's a template of good and evil and
so I think we do see the the cosmos as a
eternal battleground between good and
evil on a background of order versus
chaos I actually think that's the
reality to which our brains are adapted
to - which is quite interesting because
there's a good line of
neuropsychological speculation but it's
it's deep it's decades old and it's come
from all sorts of places that your right
hemisphere is best basically specialized
for something like chaos and your left
hemisphere is specialized for something
like order and that's a rough one man
it's like oh look at that you have a
bifurcated hemisphere or hemispheres why
is that well because adaptation is
called that forth why listen to
adaptation isn't the thing that calls
forth the adaptation the world well yes
well then isn't the world chaos and
order oh well it looks like it is and
then another thing that comes out of
that that's so incredibly interesting is
that your sense of orienting meaning
emerges as a consequence of the dynamic
interplay of the hemispheres and so you
get a sense of the meaning that Orient's
you as a consequence of the neurological
interplay between systems designed for
chaos and systems designed for order and
this has been really useful to me
because you know people tend to think
like they think human beings are the
epiphenomena of chemicals that meaning
is is it epiphenomena on some more
fundamental substrate I think well wait
a second
meaning is actually the most is it's the
it's the it's the highest instinct of
orientation that you actually have to
actually live in the world it's actually
the most reliable reality it's maybe
more reliant be more reliable
well you can't orient yourself if you're
a materialist because you can't derive
values from facts not so easily but you
can orient yourself as a consequence of
the manifestation of meaning it's like
well what's meaning well maybe it's the
most real thing it's like mmm maybe it
actually is the most very fact that you
can tell a parable a story about
physical beings interacting and get
meaning from it indicates to me that we
are very into Jordan the computer knows
the parable that doesn't know Alicia
Alicia sorry it is essential while we do
daily water backstage that we let other
people ask questions we don't just sit
here and ask each other questions
specifically our subscribers because
they have paid for the privilege by
sacrificing the fruit of their labors at
a rate of ten dollars a month so they
can participate
Alysha in subscription central what have
you for us oh I just find it really
interesting that you guys are copying my
VAP from the Father's Day special but I
guess you didn't get the memo that the
cool kids aren't doing that anymore well
the new thing the math or something I
don't know I think that our cool factor
always lags Alicia by about 15 at least
we're not like the city of Santa Monica
that just banned them all before they
you know they're loud still here at the
Daily wire offices welcome dr. Peterson
we'll have some questions for you in a
little bit but first Dylan asks everyone
on the panel he says that he believes
that America is the greatest country on
Earth because of its ideas and he thinks
it's pretty obvious so why aren't more
countries trying to emulate our values
Canada countries all over the world are
striving to emulate American values and
I would say Western values more broadly
at a rate that's absolutely beyond
comprehension on all historical grounds
and we see right now that that things
are getting better everywhere quite
rapidly to the degree that those ideas
are all are being instantiated and the
fundamental idea I think is the idea of
the sovereignty of the individual its
individual it's where it's where your
fundamental value is located see the
group or the individual that's that's
now you the group is also there
obviously but and to the degree that
countries are instantiating those values
in their economic systems they're doing
not only quite well by historical
standards but getting better really fast
so this is where I think there is a
bifurcation in the world right now I
think they're developing nations that
are looking at the United States and
saying why don't we do some of that and
that will make us a lot stronger and a
lot better and then there are developed
nations that are looking at the United
States and they're saying look at all
these crazy religious coops who live
across the water and believe in these
things like it's a two-party system and
they don't believe in
tremendous redistribution ISM again and
they will they go to church a lot and we
should we should not do that and and
they're failing accordingly but I think
that there is an attempt to run away
from certain american founding values
specifically because those founding
values
are predicated on some of the deep stuff
that we're talking about here people are
afraid of that stuff people yeah I think
that's right I mean I think that they
should be because it actually comes
along with obligations that do not
attend attend on a certain materialism
and and this is particularly true in
Europe where it seems like they're
redistributing the fruits of the last
several hundred years of Western
civilization rather than reom bracing
the roots of what brought them and and
so I think that they look there's
something dangerous about our values the
thing that's dangerous America values
that it comes with a certain level of
obligation and responsibility to do the
right thing to act responsibly in the
world to try and in Jordans phraseology
bring order from chaos and when you're
living amidst chaos it's really easy to
say okay you know I want some more more
more order out of this house you're
living in a crap hole it's a lot it's
very easy to say I would like to not
live in this crap all right this is why
John Adams said that these ideas only
work for religious people they're
inadequate for the governing of anybody
else right and I think that what you're
seeing now is that there there's so many
wealthy nations particularly in Western
Europe that have decided okay well we
live amongst this wealth we live in
myths this wealth but we don't want the
responsibility because the
responsibility is tiring and so we're
not going to go back to that instead
we're just going to go ahead and assume
that all of these fundamental roots of
our civilization are no longer relevant
and we can sort of live on top of this
iceberg without having to worry about
the stability of the of the flow
underneath some of it some of it there's
more to it there's more to it I mean it
is the case we produce hierarchical
systems to to pursue certain ends and
hierarchical hierarchical systems do
tend to generate a certain amount of
dispossession and that that hurts people
emotionally you know if you're walking
down the street and there's homeless
people everywhere obviously it's hard on
the homeless people but it's hard on
everyone to see that level of
dispossession and we don't exactly know
what to do with the fact that the tools
we use to pursue valid goals socially so
those would be hierarchies also produce
dispossession and we might say well it
doesn't matter you let the hierarchy run
and the rising tide will lift all boats
and certainly that that seems to be
happening but it doesn't it doesn't stop
the pain of the dispossession and then
there's also the part the thing that
people object to is that while the
functional hierarchies also become
corrupt and and and and cynical and and
and law and and they don't abide by
their own principle so that would be
cooked
option that's endemic to the system and
so the leftists who are objecting to
that when they're actually thinking say
well what about the problem of the
dispossessed that's the widows and the
orphans let's say and what about the
fact of corruption in the current
hierarchies and the answer to that
should be well yeah we have to think
about something to do with it
dispossessed I I'm really concerned
about this primarily let's say with
regards to the cognitive distribution
because it isn't obvious what the people
who have IQs of less than eighty-five
are going to do you say well they should
get their act together and they should
act morally it's like yes that's kind of
instantiated in conscientiousness and
that will help but it won't help enough
they're still facing a competition that
they cannot fully participate in and no
one knows what to do about that and so
so that's you know that's to give the
left it's due that doesn't mean it's
also not driven by envy and all sorts of
other terrible examle is just I mean if
somebody is so it's a lot of evil it's
15% of the population well yeah yeah
yeah families right you know to take to
take it away from the left and take
their do away from them don't you think
that the family which is taking care of
stupid people for virtually all of human
history is in the church yeah yeah yeah
that the family and the community and
the church and the Irish should do a
better job of it than say some could be
good could be I'm not I'm not advocating
for the fact that the state is
necessarily the proper locale of that
care what I'm saying is that hierarchies
of competence functional hierarchies of
competence do produce dispossession
that's right so it has to be dealt with
somehow with it and this is the big
problem of the disconnectedness between
those hierarchies and a continuation of
judeo-christian values right and and
this is the problem of that essentially
you know you could say that Nietzsche
almost was was tackling when he was
talking about the possibility of you
know the the uber mentioned and there's
certain group of people who are beyond
morality and then there's the rest of us
if you leave Christian late he ripped
into Christianity in pretty stark terms
and a lot of his writings for being a
religion that was supposedly predicated
on what you do with the weak and it was
the weak overcoming the strong I
and the reality the envious element
covered exactly and and the reality is
that without the idea that the the
strong do have some obligation of the
week at least within their communities
and within their family structure that
you do end up with this bifurcation
where where the hierarchies create
prosperity for everyone but they also
leave an enormous number of people
behind you're not care about the people
and also behind in ways that I don't
think we're dealing with yet in a
sophisticated manner because the
leftists will say for example how about
a guaranteed annual income something
like that a guaranteed minimal income
and I think wait a minute you guys are
solving the wrong problem is that what
you really want for the people who are
dispossessed is to have something
meaningful to engage around it also
provides economic stability but they
have to have a place and so maybe maybe
what the right needs to do to the degree
that the right needs to do something is
to expand the conception of that
responsibility to ensure that we build
into our ideas of success also the
looking down to the dispossessed and
taking care of them and I think that is
built into what's certainly built into
most most functional religious but it's
something that started to do something
pretty incredible actually they've taken
people who have mental problems people
who have down syndrome for example and
they actually allow them to serve in the
army
they give them army service and then
they actually give them tasks to do it's
not always menial tasks sometimes it's
just to go and meet with kids they give
them something to do giving people
something to do it's because we're such
materialist now we think that if we sign
somebody to check everything is no Tilia
notion of happiness that we started the
conversation tonight with right that
happiness is found in the fulfillment of
pursuing something meaningful meaning
yes yes yes well I've had clients who
had nothing to do who got unemployment
checks and it was devastating for them
like these are often people who are
addicted it was like as long as they
were flat broke
they were not dying that but it wasn't
good because they didn't have anything
meaningful to engage in but as soon as
their check came along man it was like
three days of cocaine and alcohol
facedown in the ditch well like money
money in and of itself is not a good and
this is something that both the right
and the left have to remember isn't and
it isn't clear what is it man does not
live by bread alone right it's just
because you give the poor first of all
because of poverty is not insufficient
money that's our cause of poverty but
certainly no desire cause of poverty
and it's not and it's not easy to
rectify the multiple causes of poverty
with money it would be really easy if
that was the case in some sense what's
much more difficult is to figure out how
to take the people who are increasingly
going to be left behind - as our culture
becomes more cognitively complex and to
figure out okay well what is a genuinely
functional role where is the space for
them in the culture that also provides
them with them with sufficient economic
security and one of the things about the
right right I think does have I hope a
proper concern for those left behind but
it always has a concern for freedom and
they're always worries that if your
property becomes if you can take away
somebody's property to feed the poor
that you are limiting this freedom you
came to prominence really in a fight
that battle with your government over
the freedom to speak over the freedom to
use the pronoun that you felt was
appropriate and against and fighting
against the law that is what I remember
the first time you were able to not have
the damn government imposed compelled
speech on right regardless of the reason
I don't care about the compassion that
justifies that it's like nothing
justifies that so that's exactly that is
my point that nothing just no compassion
justifies especially real false
compassion of the illegitimate of
freedom where where does that stand now
oh it's past the blow yes one of the
consequences of that was the biggest
scandal that ever hit a Canadian
University because a TA named teaching
assistant named Lindsay Shepard had the
temerity to show one of my videos on
public television from a from a
mainstream news show in her
communications class and the leftist
professors went after her two of the men
an administrator telling her basically
that she violated bill C 16 which was
probably not true by the way but that's
what they told her and had an entangled
in there as well
and and really raked her over the coals
and she recorded it and released it it
was the biggest university scandal that
ever occurred in Canada she's suing them
now and so am i as of last month because
they they didn't stop harassing her in
the aftermath of that even though they
said there was no student complaint
about the video even though that's what
they said to begin with
even though the university publicly
apologized said that she had done
nothing wrong committed to to a dialogue
or committed to a structure that made
free speech paramount but undermined
that at every possible opportunity they
kept term ending over a whole
here that was a perfect example of what
I saw as the danger of the kind of
policies that led to Bill see 60s are
you in continual violation no I've never
been in violation of it because I've
actually never refused to address
someone by their requested pronoun that
just never came up I said well in the
spirit of Bill c16 I guess we do have to
ask Jordan what is what is your groaning
yeah my preferred postures whatever one
you think you can use how long do you
think it is before somebody actually
tries to trap you into this while you're
speaking in Canada oh well I don't know
if they would trap me because well it's
hard to say it it hasn't happened yet I
mean I've spoken with transsexual people
online on TV shows and the ther admirer
in particular who's actually a quite a
libertarian I mean I just used she well
why well because just seem to be the
appropriate thing in the context you
know I wasn't objecting to the damn
pronoun even though the the
proliferation of the pronouns is pure
idiocy and the reason that this is being
pushed has nothing to do with compassion
for transgender people maybe a little
bit but very very little I was opposed
to the idea of compelled speech and what
else was being built into the
legislation was the insistence in
legislation the gender identity was
socio-culturally constructed or just a
matter of that's so interesting it was
both gender identity associate comes
from a constructed but it's just a
matter of choice it's like no it's one
of those actually it's neither around
that's right it's certainly not both
so so are we have time for one more
question I think from subscribers
central dailyrx.com subscribers Alicia
yeah we have a question for dr. Peterson
from Carolina and she asks why do
intellectuals and academics gravitate
toward collectivist ideologies Oh cuz
they don't get paid enough in there is
some real truth in that like if you look
at it structurally like here's one of
the things the universities have done so
as they're devolving which they're doing
extraordinarily rapidly they've hired
more and more adjunct professors right
and so they don't have tenure they're
not on tenure track they get paid
abysmally some of them live in their
damn cars they teach for courses they
don't make enough money they have to
live in their cars they have no power
they're making like sixteen to twenty
thousand dollars a year
it's like that's not going to so that's
a place where plenty of resentment can
be generated and it's a rigged game so
some of it I think if you paid if you
tripled the pay of sociology professors
a lot of this would just be partly
because you know as a general rule the
professors are part of the cognitive
elite right and if you look at what the
cognitive elite makes they make a hell
of a lot more on average out especially
at the higher end and people do in
academia and some of that so some of
that's just driven by jealousy
so another in the private sector people
want results yeah well sometimes like
you sometimes they do I see I differ on
that a little bit cuz I've watched big
corporations and like big big
corporations get just as stupid as big
government except that they die faster
right but they're no less stupid
and and I think part of it is and this
is something that could unite the right
in the left to some degree is like why
don't we agree that really big poses a
problem well this was Andrew Breitbart
the good friend of all of us here except
Michael yeah that's actually because
Andrew died too soon but I also think
that had he met his entire premise was
that big is bad mmm that's the Tower of
Babel it's like if you build the thing
to but this is why I think the European
Union it can't sustain itself it's like
there's too many layers between the
government and the people it's too damn
big it gets unwieldy and big big is a
problem not least because prices law
dictates that incompetence increases
geometrically and competence increases
linearly as you scale that's a big
problem and so you know the left goes
big corporations big corporations aren't
they awful and the right goes big
government big government isn't it awful
and the commonality is big it's like
look out for big and I think that
there's some real truth in that and so
well so back well back to the professor
problem there's lots of there's lots of
problems but envy is one of them I also
think that we're subsidizing activists
like mad it's like these ideas couldn't
make it on their own it's like dumped
tuition money to them and because the
universities aren't doing a good job
between discriminating discriminating
between actual scholarship and pseudo
scholarship we've allowed activism to
arise as a discipline which it isn't
and then of course a lot of that
state-subsidized and so that's not
helpful either at least you've come up
with a solution for the people with IQs
under 85
yeah
on that note I think it's probably time
for us to say a G R which is French for
something Alicia thank you so much for
fielding questions for us this evening
and thanks to all of our daily wired.com
subscribers for sending your questions
in for dr. Peterson and for the rest of
us here on the panel I think that the
sort of closing thought here because
we've strayed mightily from from our
conversation of America's independence
except in this that really the the great
gift of the West is that we can sit here
and pretend to smoke cigars because dr.
Peterson's with us and eat crappy food
and talk about whatever the hell we want
and if people want to listen to us they
can use it it's an amazing thing so
thank you guys for spending your
afternoon together and we'll see you
next time at des the wire backstage
you
