the reason that the reason that we have
to stop with the crisis mentality is
because crisis mentality leads people to
the belief that harsh and sometimes evil
action is necessary and sitting around
and in a place like Los Angeles while
the Sun streams through the big windows
and everybody is eating their lobster
you know I had a coke well everybody is
doing that it just it occurs to you that
the more we think that our neighbors are
our enemies the more likely we are to
start anticipating tactics that are that
are bad so the the shooting that
happened in Maryland has nothing to do
with President Trump but I don't think
that it's I don't think it's
questionable that the temperature in the
country has risen to a certain extent
I'm trying to be reflective about this
as I possibly can and honest with you I
think the temperature in the cousin in
the country has risen to a level that is
unsustainable
and I think it's based on nearly nothing
I think our political differences matter
an awful lot I think politics matter an
awful lot I think our rights matter an
awful lot and I think that some of our
rights are a crisis point in terms of
our defense of those rights but I don't
think that we are at the point where
Americans are ready to put their bodies
on the line as Michael Moore says that
it's time to see this as a civil war in
any real way I mean there there may be
an intellectual civil war going on but
that intellectual civil war has been
going on for generations in the United
States maybe it's a little worse now
than it was any time since 1960s but I
just I don't buy into the idea that that
this is a time that is deserving of the
kind of vitriol and insanity that we are
seeing and it's being promulgated by
people on both sides but particularly on
the left right now because what the left
is doing is they're doing what Michael
Moore does which is I love civility
civility is great but I can't be civil
with these evil Republicans so civility
must end Maxine Waters the case in
points of this so maximum waters has now
said the representative who said just
earlier this week that there should be
mob justice against a bunch of people
going to gas stations if you disagree
with them she said on Thursday she's in
it seen an increase in threats since she
made controversial comments encouraging
protesters to heckle and harass members
of trumps cabinet in public spaces she
said that she got threatening messages
in hostile mail at her offices she
canceled two scheduled appearances in
Alabama and Texas she can set you out
one very serious death threat on Monday
from an individual in Texas and she's as
the president has continued to lie and
falsely claim that I encourage people to
assault his supporters I'll also offer
veiled threat that I should be careful
even more individuals are threatened
leaving threatening messages and sending
hostile mail to my office I mean this is
indicative of the way that our politics
is working right now Maxine Waters
doesn't like when anybody attempts to
assault her because no one would like
that because it's terrible stuff but
then she'll go out and encourage people
to assault people at gas stations and
she didn't encourage people to us all
people of gas stations the word of salt
by the way does not mean battery and in
the legal terminology should encourage
people to get in people's faces at gas
stations and threaten them okay that is
not battery batteries when I hit you
assault is when I threaten you she did
encourage that there's no question she
encouraged that and she felt okay
encouraging that because it was somebody
on the other side so in other words
everybody is in favor of civility as
long as it applies to people on their
own side but nobody is in favor of
civility when it's applied to people on
the other side and the reality is that
we live in the most civil of times
violence in the United States is it 50
or lowes it is the level of vitriol
maybe at a 50-year high but violence in
the United States it is it 50 or low
we're living a pretty paradisiacal
situation the economy is doing great
there is no excuse for this level of
insanity in our current politics and yet
everybody continues to go insane and
that's only being exacerbated of course
I'm at the situation with the Supreme
Court because now that Justice Kennedy
has stepped down the left is fully
convinced that the right is coming for
everything that they hold dear not
understanding of course how the supreme
court works in the first place having
used the supreme court as the tool of
they're leftist politics for denying 80
years at this point the Democrats are
now firmly convinced that the
Republicans are gonna come in they're
gonna swoop in with the Supreme Court at
their behest and they're going to run
roughshod over everybody's rights and
we'll be living in a Nazi state this
kind of insane over-the-top talk is not
good for the country and again I think
there are a lot of people in the country
who right now feel justified in being
uncivil incivility can bleed into
violence I'm not gonna blame people who
are uncivil for violence but I will say
that when you raise the temperature
every so often you're going to get the
pot boiling over right when when the
temperature is room-temperature in the
pot it doesn't boil over ever when the
temperature is a little bit high and
then you put the lid on then it is more
likely that the pot is going to boil
over I think the likelihood the pot is
going to boil over right now is a lot
higher than it has been in the past and
there is no real excuse for
