so I thought we'd talk about something a
little bit different today I you know
I've been talking a lot about politics
and I hate politics because I find
politics extremely boring and I'll bore
myself to death if I if I continue with
it
for too long so a little bit of a
different discussion I was having this
debate on Twitter over the past day and
a half this debate about the issue of of
young Earth Creationism
and of course Twitter is the perfect
forum for theological and scientific
debate actually it's it's a terrible
forum for that sort of discussion or any
kind of discussion so I thought maybe
we'd move it into a more move the
discussion into a slightly more fruitful
venue although I have been told I'm that
I'm alienating and man fat to lose half
my audience with my opinion on this
topic so maybe I should just drop it
that's what I've been told but I'm not
very good at dropping things number one
and I like to try to hold people and
myself to a higher standard than that we
should be able to discuss an important
and interesting issue without getting
angry without getting offended or losing
respect for each other and all this kind
of thing and I know that I need to work
on that first and foremost because in
our debates on Twitter about this I know
that I got a bit heated and angry at
points and I regret that I regret it
because it detracts from the topic which
is an interesting and important one but
sometimes I let my my passion run away
with me as I'm sure you've noticed
something I need to work on so let me
say at the outset that good and faithful
Christians reside on either end of this
debate there's no reason for it to be a
source of division within Christians
within within the church within
Christianity but there is reason for it
to be a source of discussion and though
I don't question the sincerity or the
faithfulness of six-day creationist
folks I do think that their view when it
is preached and argued for can
inadvertently do some harm not not
inadvertently it's not like they're
trying to hurt anybody of course but I
do think it can it can put obstacles in
the way especially for
for non-believers and I'll get to that
I'll explain why but first I want to
explain why I'm not a six-day
creationist and and then I'll talk about
why that you know why the six-day
creationist view is in my in my opinion
counterproductive so there's a lot to
get to we'll proceed all right first of
all just setting the stage here when
somebody asks me and I get that I get
this question kind of frequently someone
says do you take the whole Bible
literally right I always find that to be
a confusing question do you take the
Bible literally it's a very confusing
question I think that the literal versus
non literal debate is it's a false
dichotomy it's kind of its kind of a
miscommunication really between the
between the two sides much like I would
say the faith versus works debate is
isn't really a debate it's it's a false
dichotomy it's a miscommunication that's
been going on for 500 years because
nobody thinks that you can earn your way
to heaven just by doing certain things
and faith doesn't matter at all nobody
thinks that no church that I'm aware of
teaches that that's not I don't think
that's really a belief that almost
anyone holds everyone knows that you
have to have faith the question is not
whether you must have faith everyone
agrees yes all Christians agree yes
anyway but the question is what is faith
and how is it expressed is faith just a
feeling an intellectual assent is that
all faith is or is it something that you
feel think do and live you know that's
really the fundamental question there
and as for literalism nobody takes the
whole Bible literally okay nobody does
we all agree that there are parts of the
Bible that cannot be taken literally we
all agree for example that the parables
that Jesus's parables are parables their
stories Jesus did not mean for us to
assume that the prodigal son is a real
historical person so that is non literal
obviously he was telling a story to
illustrate a point Jesus speaks non
literally quite
a lot for example he calls himself the
door but we know he's not a literal door
right he this is our speaking in a
spiritual sense he is the door to
eternal life that's a metaphor and I
tell you you are Peter on this rock I
will build my church and the gates of
Hell shall not prevail against it is
Peter an actual rock no he's not he's
Jesus literally building a physical
church with bricks and wood and things
no as far as we know he never built a
church is there a literal gate leading
into hell probably not it's a
non-physical place so I don't know what
a physical barrier what could a physical
barrier would do in a non physical place
so so this is not literal language you
get the idea I think by the way it is
kind of instructive and interesting that
God in the New Testament uses non
literal language so often you know he
uses stories to make his point and he
uses metaphors so often in the New
Testament so we have to ask ourselves
did he just start doing that in the New
Testament or is it possible that he did
it in the Old Testament - well even in
the Old Testament there's agreement that
some of it is non literal even even the
so-called biblical literalists would
agree that the Psalms for instance are
not literal yes the Psalms literally
exist but their poetry their hymns it
makes no sense to say that you take
poetry and hymns literally you may as
well say say that you take you may as
well ask me well do you take Beethoven's
fifth symphony literally but what does
that mean I take Beethoven literally I
think he literally existed but a
symphony is not a thing to be taken
literally it is outside of the literal
non-literal debate the Song of Solomon
set me as a seal on your arm for Stern
as death is love again not literal we're
not talking about self-mutilation here
carving someone's name into your arm
that's not what we're talking about back
to the New Testament revelation I don't
think very many people believe that
revelation gives us an exact literal
account of what willis transpire at the
end of the world
there probably aren't going to be actual
horses and lampstands coming out of the
sky and so forth this language is
heavily metaphorical I think we all
basically agree with that the point is
that when you're reading the Bible which
is comprised of dozens of books written
by dozens of different offers authors
over hundreds of years what you have to
do is you have to first determine what
genre each of the books belong to
because they don't all belong in the
same genre there are many different
genres in the Bible there's it's not one
genre the Psalms are not the same genre
as the Gospels the Gospels what's the
genre of Gospels well that's easy enough
biography right Paul's letters are in
the epistles onra which again is a genre
that doesn't really belong in the
literal verse non-literal discussion st.
Paul says many things literally of
course but he also uses metaphor simile
analogy and so on so then we get to
Genesis now again we've already
established that the Bible contains what
we might call non-literal genres
everyone agrees on that and it also
contains literal genres so such such as
the Gospels with for instance so now we
ask is what genre is is is genesis is it
meant to be read is it is it is it a
science textbook is it meant to be read
as a precise scientific account of the
origins of the universe is that why
Genesis is there is that what God wants
us to take from it does he want us to
study it like we study a science book of
course he wants us to study it but is it
is it to be studied as a science
textbook if you if you were to isolate
Genesis and put it in a section of the
bookstore by itself would it be in the
science section do you think that
Genesis should or can be used as a
reference for serious geological and
cosmological study could a theoretical
physicist kind of check his work by
consulting the Bible historian who wants
to who wants to know about Jesus will
certainly consult the Gospels the
Gospels and the epistles are
are essentially the only first-hand
accounts that he can consult so the
Gospels are historical documents but a
cosmologists who's trying to figure out
what's going on with the universe will
probably not look at the creation story
in Genesis because Genesis is not a
cosmological resource it is a
theological resource it's not going to
be in the science section it belongs in
the theology section is a theological
work not a scientific one which isn't to
say that it's false it is still 100%
true it is still the Word of God but the
truth that it contains is a transcendent
timeless truth so it's true but you have
to know how to read it okay now there
are many Christians who insist that
Genesis describes a literal six-day
creation okay and literal six-day
creation as in a a literal 24-hour day
you know six days in a week and they say
cite as their proof the fact that it
says day that's that's pretty much it
that's that's the entire that's all the
evidence is the word day and the word
day is in there the word the word day
does exist and the word day is true no
one is saying or at least I'm not saying
that the word day is a falsehood or that
it's a lie it's not what are we talking
about a 24-hour earth day or some sort
of other kind of day now I think the
latter I don't take it as a 24-hour day
and so I'm agreeing with many of the
great doctors and fathers of the church
Justin Martyr Clement of Alexandria
Augustine many of the great current
apologists and theologians like William
Lane Craig and John Lennox Bishop Baron
along with by the way of my favorite
19th and 20th century apologists like CS
Lewis and John Henry Newman none of them
were or are avowed 6-day creationists
and and a great many of the great
teachers and thinkers of Christianity
have from the beginning held that
Genesis is not entirely literal which is
which is really I think interesting that
you had so many Christians who came to
this conclusion before there was modern
science - in my view basically proof
that it was not a 24 hour six 24-hour
periods so I agree with all them and I
feel very safe in their company and I'll
explain why first let's look at what
happens on day four let's start with day
four I mean jump ahead for a minute and
we'll circle back but day four then and
God said let lights appear in the sky to
separate day from night and to show the
time when days years and religious
festivals begin they will shine in the
sky to give light to the earth and it
was done so God made the two larger
lights the Sun to rule over the day and
the moon to rule over the night he also
made the Stars he placed the lights in
the sky to shine on the earth to rule
over the day at night and to separate
light from darkness and God was pleased
with what he saw evening passed and
morning came that was the fourth day so
the Sun just came on to the scene the
Sun was just created on day four all the
stars trillions and trillions of stars
all made on day four yet God said let
there be light on day one he said let
there be light before there was any
source of physical light so the light of
day one is not a physical light it is
not a light in the way that we think of
it there is no Sun there are no stars
there there is no moon there is there
isn't a formed earth yet the earth is
formless on day one it is a form it is
formless and void we're told on day one
does it make sense to assume that we're
talking about a 24-hour earth day when
the earth is a formless void and there
is no Sun why should we think that
what's the reason imagine yourself
standing or or floating I guess in the
midst of a shapeless formless mass with
no Sun or moon or star
in the sky what is a day in that context
I I mean it could be a 24-hour period I
guess but there's no reason at all to
assume that let's think about this let's
let's define our terms what is a day in
our current context what does day mean
if we're talking about a so called
literal day if we're referring to you
know the calendar when we say day well
what we mean is a day a day is when the
earth as it orbits the Sun makes one
full rotation on its axis thus causing
the Sun - from our perspective rise and
set but the Bible talks about days
before there is a rotating earth before
there really is an earth at all at least
a inner the siRNA before there's a Sun
for the earth to rotate around
thus we can already say rather
definitively I think that we're not
talking about an earth day we're talking
about a 20 we're not talking about a 24
hour day because such a thing does not
yet exist now you know I don't even
think we don't even need to get into the
translation discussion if you look at
the word in the Hebrew word for day does
it have to mean 24 hours or could it be
referring to a broader kind of passage
of time in English the word day means
either a 24-hour period corresponding
with the rotation of the earth that's
one definition or a day means an age a
period of time
can the can day be understood in Hebrew
in the same sort of way and the answer
is yes it can be it the the word day in
Hebrew can mean several different things
there are those who say that he that the
Hebrew word for day as it's used in
Genesis cannot ever mean anything but a
24-hour day that is simply false that is
not true this is one of my problems you
know with some of the young earth
creationist is that they look at this
text that people have been studying for
thousands of years
and it's very dense and in fact very
complex and they say no I know it
exactly what it means and I know exactly
what it means there's zero chance that
I'm wrong
and they'll say no they can't mean
anything but that and it's just not true
what they're saying is simply untrue it
can mean many different things in
English you know if I say back in my day
or in the days of old I don't mean a
24-hour period I mean a chunk of time in
fact in Genesis itself day is used in at
least three different ways in Genesis he
named the light day in the darkness
night okay that's one meaning of day
first day second day that's another
meaning of day and then it says you are
free to eat from the tree in the garden
but you must not eat from the tree of
knowledge of good and evil for on the
day you eat from it you will certainly
die
well Adam lived were told for 900 years
he didn't die on the day that he ate it
yes he died spiritually but physical
death also came from the fall so it
would seem that died in that verse has
two meanings which would mean that day
probably has multiple meanings as well
so you've got you've got day used in
multiple different ways within genesis
Regenesis to see that so we we already
know that you cannot approach Genesis
with only one definition of day in mind
the text does not support it won't allow
for it most crucially though we know
from the text itself that a day cannot
mean the earth spinning on its axis as
it orbits the Sun because the day is the
dword day is being used here completely
apart from the Sun and the earth and
rotations and everything that physically
defines a day the light on the first day
is obviously something transcendent it
is not if it is not a light from a
physical source it is something timeless
it not physical there is there is not
yet any source any physical source of
light
so if the light is different and
transcendent that means the evening and
morning it refers to must be different
and transcendent as well which means the
word day must be as well we're dealing
with a different sort of light a
different sort of morning therefore and
a different sort of day therefore the
thing that makes physical earth-days
24-hour days that thing has not yet been
formed Agustin thought that the light
and darkness on the first day describes
the angels and demons as the light is
separated from the dark just as the
rebellious angels are separated from the
loyal ones that's how he interpreted
that I'm not sure if that's true but the
point is that a group that many great
minds in the church from the beginning
have recognized that we're dealing with
something bigger deeper vaster than
literal days and nights you know young
earth creationists like to say that or
or think that there that there's is the
traditional view but in the most
orthodox view but it's not necessarily
it is a traditional view but it is not
the traditional view the early church
fathers and doctors of the church had
diverse views on this topic and I'm okay
with diverse views I think that's great
it seems to me the 6-day creationist to
insist that there can be no diversity
dirt diversity at all and he is
absolutely right and everyone else is
wrong that seems what it it seems to be
you know the way that the young earth
creationist approaches it there's also a
bit of a reductionist thing going on
here because because I've heard it said
many times
well Genesis is clear the text says what
it says how could you be confused it's
it's very straightforward that's what
I've been told
really Genesis is clear it's
straightforward in the beginning God
created the heavens on the earth now the
earth was formless and empty darkness
was over the surface of the deep and the
Spirit of God was hovering over the
waters
that's totally clear to you you have no
confusion about that at all well well
then you are I mean you're way smarter
than me and I think you're smarter than
almost every human who has ever existed
on the planet
because because I people have been
debating and talking and analyzing just
those lines alone for set for millennia
because it's very hard to understand
what even that means and we're not
gorget we're not even past the first two
sentences yet I mean if you understand
well explain to me what explain to me
what a formless earth looks like and how
it has water on it and what it means for
the Spirit of God to hover over it if
you say that it's totally clear-cut
clear-cut plain as day nothing
metaphorical happening here at all well
then draw me a picture of what a
waterlogged formless mass of Earth
suspended in a starless sunless moonless
void looks like can you tell me that
picture I mean I don't think you can
because we're dealing with something
that is actually not simple at all you
could spend your whole life studying
just the first two sentences also by the
way God rested what does that mean do
you know what that means I don't really
know what that means
do you know what it means for an eternal
changeless spaceless timeless God to
rest I don't dispute the truth of the
passage but I'm saying that I don't
really know what it means I can't wrap
my puny-minded it I don't think you can
either we're dealing here with things
that are beyond us which is yet another
reason not to insist upon particular
time measurements and it's another
reason not to be so afraid of the idea
that there may be some metaphor here
because when God is trying to
communicate something to us that is
beyond our grasp he has to use metaphor
because it's the only thing we can
understand and so when it comes to
Genesis there are clearly things
happening here that are beyond our grasp
also keep something else in mind just to
reiterate a day does not mean 24 hours
that is not the definition of a day so
when someone says oh I'm a literalist I
take it literally well that's not the
literal definition if you're insisting
that that day must mean 24 hours you are
a literalist you are actually putting a
non-literal definition into the text a
day is not 24 hours necessarily that is
not the definition of day a day on earth
right now is 24 hours because that's how
long it takes now for the earth to
rotate on its axis a day on Pluto is
like 130 hours on some planets in the
solar system a day is thousands of hours
long day the word day depends very much
on what space rock you happen to be
standing on and when you happen to be
standing on it so let me ask you was the
formless earth suspended in a void
without a Sun spinning on an axis did it
have an axis and if it was spinning how
fast was it spinning the answer of
course is you have no idea not the
faintest clue which means you have not
the faintest clue how long a day was in
that context if you're saying it must
have been a day as we think of it then
what you're saying the definition of day
is rotating on an axis which means that
you are saying that you know 100% that a
formless shapeless earth suspended in a
void with a transcendent non-physical
spiritual light shining upon it must
have absolutely been it had been
spinning and taken twenty-four hours to
complete its rotation I just don't know
how anyone could ever say that
and it's me it's such an odd thing to
insist upon absolutely so we have no
reason at all to assume that it was
twenty-four hours but we do have very
many good reasons I think to assume that
it wasn't and we'll get to those in a
minute
remember scripture says that a day for
man is like a thousand years for God so
really if you're a true literal list it
would seem to me that you have to say
that the earth was made in six thousand
years
not six days if you're taking it
literally if you're taking you the whole
book literally which no one does as I
said but if you are if you claim to be
then you would have to take that verse
into account but of course like a
thousand years is not an exact math
equation it is not a rate of exchange
it's just a it's metaphorical language
meant to convey the point that when God
says he did something in a day it
doesn't mean a day the way we think of
it a day for him is not a day for us by
the way isaiah 40:22 he sits enthroned
above the circle of the earth and its
people are like grasshoppers he
stretches out the heavens like a canopy
and spreads them out like a tent to live
in here we are told that the earth is a
circle circles are flat we're told that
God is above it enthroned so again must
we take this as literal must we believe
that NASA is lying to us and that
actually God is up literally in the sky
hanging out next to the satellite must
we believe that the earth that the earth
is flat like people used to believe the
Bible also speaks frequently of the ends
of the earth that's one of the reasons
that people that used to believe in the
Flat Earth they would point to those
verses and they would say ends of the
earth apparently the earth has an end
but a sphere has no end so we don't take
it literally Psalm 104
he set the earth on its foundation it
can never be moved must we take this
literally and believe that the earth
does not move science tells us that the
earth is hurdling through space and
incomprehensible speeds it's constantly
moving rotating spinning orbiting even
the ground itself the plates are moving
everything is moving everything and on
earth is constantly in motion must we
deny all of that science for the sake of
taking it literally by the way early
Christians and Jews did take this
literally that's part of the reason why
Copernicus and Galileo got themselves
into trouble because the Bible says
absolutely that the earth doesn't move
and so when people when
upstart astronomers started coming along
and saying the earth is moving they said
that can't be the Bible says it doesn't
complain as day it says it does not move
and that's why many Christians at the
time rejected and denounced in the
harshest terms any suggestion that the
earth moves they did so on the basis of
their interpretation of Scripture which
they insisted should not change one bit
to accommodate scientific fact
John Calvin Martin Luther were were two
of the most vocal critics of the idea of
a of a spinning of a moving earth John
Calvin called it deranged and monstrous
he said it was a deranged monstrous lie
well eventually Christians realized that
their interpretation of these verses had
to be wrong because the scientific facts
are indisputable the earth is moving it
cannot be disputed so we must take those
verses metaphorically if we can take
those metaphorically why can't we take
de metaphorically one other point here
in the story of creation every day
begins with and God said God speaks at
the beginning of the day and that's how
we mark each day but read the opening of
Genesis again the opening is in the
beginning God created the heavens on the
earth now the earth was formless and
empty darkness over the surface of water
and God said let there be light
many theologians have looked at this
over the years and and they've pointed
out that the first two lines don't take
place on the first day the first day
begins with and God said so what we're
being told here according to this
interpretation which I think is a good
one is that God created the heavens on
the earth at some point in the beginning
whenever that was and we aren't told
wind because it doesn't doesn't matter
at all really at least it has no bearing
on the point the Bible is trying
to make and so it was made at some point
in the beginning and then sometime later
maybe billions of years the first day
began and there was light etc it doesn't
say on the first day God created the
heavens and the earth it says in the
beginning and then there's a first day
so with all these points in mind you
hopefully see why I think the Bible does
not require us to believe in in a in a
young Earth Creationism you can believe
it you can draw that conclusion
theologically but you don't have to it's
not required there's a reason why
faithful Christians for 2,000 years have
arrived at different conclusions on
Genesis it's not a simple text it is not
easy to understand it's quite dense
quite mysterious and theologically you
can justify multiple interpretations but
if we're interested in getting some idea
as to how these things physically
happened and win if we want to you know
if that's what we're trying to figure
out then I think we look at the science
and then when we look at the science
certain interpretations of Genesis
become significantly less tenable the
real point of the Bible is about the
Bible is all about why why we're here
we're here to love and serve God science
has nothing to say about that one way or
another we can't cross-reference that
with science but when it comes to our
interpretations of the how and the
wind's well then things like archeology
cosmology physics all of that becomes
useful science tells us that the earth
is around four billion years old or I'm
sorry the yeah the earth is four billion
around 4 billion and the universe is
around 14 billion years old in order to
defend the 6-day creationist view we
must essentially reject the fields of
modern astronomy cosmology geology and
biology we must declare that all but a
very tiny fraction of
experts in those fields are deluded
fools we must basically wage an all-out
war on modern science because it stands
so explicitly and starkly against young
Earth Creationism I'll say this you will
be very hard-pressed to find a
legitimate geologist or cosmologists or
physicist or astronomer who believes
based on his studies that the earth and
the universe are ten thousand years old
maybe you'll find a few who believe who
hold that belief in spite of their
studies maybe you'll maybe you'll you
know maybe you'll find a few here and
there who will say something like yeah I
mean you could interpret the science in
a way that kind of comports with young
Earth Creationism I mean you're gonna be
very hard for hard-pressed to find any
scientist who will even say that much
but there are a few I mean young earth
creationists they'll they have a few
scientific names they'll try it out and
they'll say well this person that person
that you know it's a few but even those
people if you listen to what they're
saying they're not claiming that they
can prove this just by looking at the
evidence ient if ik evidence what
they're starting with Genesis and their
interpretation of it and then trying to
make the science fit and that's that's
just that's not how you do science
that's not real science now I fully
admit that I'm neither a cosmologists or
a geologist so I must decide whether I
will believe the near unanimous
consensus in those fields or if I will
come to the conclusion that they're all
a bunch of godless liars and lunatics
because certain Christians insist that
the word day in Genesis can only mean 24
hours and nothing else I must ask myself
what's more likely that the entire
fields of cosmology astronomy and
geology are wrong illegitimate and
falsified or that young earth
creationists are simply misinterpreting
the text what's the more plausible
explanation that modern science is
completely wrong or that
earth creationists are misinterpreting
it and it isn't just those scientific
fields that young Arthur's need to
disqualify there are many others that we
basically are disqualified
paleontology most every paleontologists
in the world will tell you that
dinosaurs existed and they died off 60
million years ago but young earthers
based on one word in the Bible that they
have interpreted in one particular way
will say to paleontologists nope you're
all wrong all of your work is wrong your
life's work is wrong everything you
think is wrong it's everything you've
studied it's all wrong wrong wrong wrong
wrong because I believe that the word
day in Genesis can only mean 24 hours I
just you know it it doesn't make any
sense
so you we have to discard and and then
and then you know young earth is what
must must also say that well Dinah
either they say dinosaurs never existed
and it's all a big sham I've heard I've
had some young earthers tell me that God
put dinosaur bones in the earth to test
our faith it's all a prank that he's
playing on us or that um that there were
Tyrannosaurus rexes and brontosauruses
and Triceratops and Stegosaurus is on
Noah's Ark somehow they all fit on there
and didn't and they also didn't eat
everybody and then once they got off the
ark they all died in some mass
extinction event that only affected the
dinosaurs and then all of their bones
somehow sifted in and and sunk lower in
the ground than any other bones and they
fossilized so as to take on the
appearance of age I mean it's just
you've got to run through all of these
massive loops and you've got to do these
twirls and handstands and everything to
make this work when you don't need to
archaeology is another field of study
that young earthers would have to
basically disqualify archaeologists have
dug up many ancient artifacts sculptures
and so forth that are clearly made by
humans and are
clearly older than 10,000 years
significantly older like 30 40 50
thousand years there are for example
many of what are called Venus sculptures
sculptures of large women with
exaggerated features that seem to
indicate some kind of fertility worship
by ancient people some of these Venus
sculptures are significantly older than
10,000 years you will not find a
legitimate archaeologist who will look
at every prehistoric artifact and
declare based on his study of those
artifacts that none of them were made
before 10,000 years you will not find
one who can say that
so archeology has to be bunk as well on
the young earth view physics Albert
Einstein one of the most brilliant minds
ever to exist on earth believed that the
universe was billions of years old but
Jung earthers I mean they basically tell
us that we have to treat Ken Ham as a
greater authority on the subject and
Einstein and I just can't do that
mathematics must also be discarded on
the young earth view because it is
through mathematical equations that we
measure cosmic distance and age and so
Jung earthers are saying that even
mathematics we can't trust nothing can
be trusted in fact we know that if
you're looking at a star and the star is
however many light-years away you're
looking that many years into the past
because it took that many years for the
light to reach here and this is a huge
problem for young earthers it may
actually be the biggest problem of all I
think it's the thing above everything
else that settles the question and it's
an insurmountable problem I think for
young Arthur's any stars that we have
located which are over 10,000
light-years from us would seem to prove
beyond a shadow of a doubt that the
universe is older than ten thousand
years otherwise we wouldn't be able to
see them because the light wouldn't have
gotten to us yet you see the Hubble
Space Telescope recently located a star
nine billion light-years away which is
to say that it looked not
nine billion years into the past which
is incredible you know they say we can't
look into the past we don't have a time
machine we do and go outside at night
and look up in the sky you're in a time
machine you're looking at the past all
of those stars you're looking at what
the stars looked like thousands or
millions of years ago so I think that's
a rather insurmountable problem here's
the thing to prove young Earth
Creationism you need to do a whole lot
more than just quibble with the
methodology of some of these disciplines
you need to do more than say well maybe
carbon dating isn't accurate you
certainly need to do more than show me a
couple of vague ambiguous stains on a
cave wall somewhere that you say must be
paintings of dinosaurs and therefore
must on their own upend the entire
fossil record no that's not nearly
enough it's not even close you need to
provide evidence that these fields of
study are fundamentally wrong about
everything because that's what you claim
but before you set out to prove that
which I don't think you can I would ask
you to think to think twice because
there are two difficulties that I think
should give us pause before we go around
preaching the young earth of you
difficulties you know it theological
difficulty I guess you would say first
of all the argument as I've heard it or
one of the most prominent arguments or
explanations for young earth is that God
made the earth and the universe to look
old and he made I suppose you know and
he put he put fossils in the ground that
look old and he arranged all the
mathematical equations and physics and
everything that they would give us false
information about the world and he
created light beams that were already in
motion on the way to us so as to give
the impression that the stars are much
older than they really are God by this
view is
deceiving us you're saying that God is
playing games he's tricking us rather
than science being a method by which God
reveals more about his own creation
science becomes a method by which God
confounds and confuses and obscures so
apart from how this view degrades
science the bigger issue is how it
degrades God because it gives us a God
who deceives and who doesn't want us to
know things and who tricks us it gives
us this kind of petty pagan God not the
true God not the God of truth not the
God of light not the God who reveals
more and more of himself and this world
to us as we search and explore you know
this gives us a God who wants us to be
in the dark and demands that we never
look outside the pages of the Bible to
learn anything I think that God is much
bigger than bigger than that and much
more honest second point according to
this view modern science isn't just
wrong it is useless geologists can't
tell us anything about the earth
cosmologists can't tell us anything
about the universe archaeologists can't
tell us anything about the past and if
that's the case then you have set up
science and faith as two competing
things you have taken an adversarial
approach to science and this is a huge
stumbling block for people a serious
stumbling block because when you make
someone choose between science or an
ancient religious text when you tell
them that only one or the other can be
true
many will choose the other if you say to
be a Christian you must reject all of
modern science and if your listener
believes you he is likely to respond
well then I can't be a Christian because
Christianity must just be another
primitive anti science anti knowledge
ignorant superstition like all the rest
but Christianity is not
in ignorant superstition and you don't
need to choose between the two and you
don't need to disbelieve your own eyes
in order to believe the Bible you don't
need to do that
there there there is no reason to set up
this competition between science and the
Bible they can all work together and
much of the time they're doing different
things and they're doing things that are
not in competition the Bible is telling
us why the that is the fundamental
message of the Bible and in science is
telling us you know how and win and to
some extent what this can all work
together so that a person can read the
Bible and be spiritually nourished and
learn quite a bit and then they can go
into science and they can learn even
more about this wonderful creation that
God has given us and and and and even
more than that God reveals himself you
know rather than treating science like
it's some sort of like it's some sort of
you know black magic really we should
see that science is is a form of
revelation it's God revealing things to
us it's what it means to reveal right
you know we things are being revealed to
us through science about the the nature
of of the earth and how God goes about
creating things and that's a wonderful
thing so
this is a long one that's why I'm not a
young earth creationist and it's why I
think this view
can have the effect of of discrediting
Christianity and and creating very
unnecessary stumbling blocks so I hope
that you'll take that into consideration
thanks for watching thanks for listening
Godspeed
you
