this is what we have to understand it's
something I've been saying for a long
time I wrote a whole book on the subject
in fact abortion is the left's highest
sacrament that's what I call it it's
it's their high saccharine sacrament
it's the most important thing to them
it's it's it's the thing that is most
central to their ideology into their
outlook on life
the modern left was really born with Roe
and it won't die with the overturning of
Roe but it will enter into a new phase a
phase that is even darker more depraved
more wicked and probably more violent
than the phase that they're currently in
and there's a reason why abortion is so
important to the left we mean it we need
to understand the reason it's a very
simple reason
modern leftism is the worship of the
self
is the worship of the south and in that
sense it is not you know some people
will say well modern leftism is not the
same as classical liberalism the two
completely different things and they are
two different things but they're not two
completely different things with
classical liberalism and the
Enlightenment the seeds were planted for
what we now call modern leftism the
seeds were planted and they sprouted
into this disgusting hideous thing
called leftism and now what defines the
left is its belief in the supremacy of
the self
the self is supreme
I get to decide not me personally but I
as in the South I get to decide what is
right what is wrong what is true what is
false everything is relative to my
desires my feelings my needs my
proclivities my lifestyle I can even
change my own biological makeup if I
want to I can I can change my very
identity just on the strength of my
desire
that's what modern left this belief
