so there's some news you might have
missed yesterday if you were focused on
the retirement of Supreme Court Justice
Anthony Kennedy and how it caused many
Democrats to melt down into yummy yummy
leftist ears suitable for drinking in
this handsome tumbler available with
your year-long hundred dollar
subscription to The Daily wire even
comes with a cap so your leftist ears
won't spill as you're dancing happily
around the room as if Kennedy's
retirement were a cross between a Jewish
wedding and the Mamma Mia sequel the
other news is that Donald Trump has
agreed to a July 16th meeting in
Helsinki with President Vladimir Putin
of Russia hearing of the meeting special
counsel robert muller jumped excitedly
from his chair and cried quote aha at
last I have proof the Trump is colluding
with the Russians unquote he then
ordered a raid on the White House
surrounding the Rose Garden with G men
carrying tommy guns who shouted at
President Trump that he was surrounded
and should come out with his hands up
and someone explained to Muller that it
was legal for Trump to meet with Putin
who was actually just normal foreign
policy Muller responded quote well then
I guess this raid was pretty stupid and
I should get back to spending millions
of taxpayer dollars investigating things
that never happened and charging people
with crimes that wouldn't have existed
if I hadn't been investigating them for
no reason in the first place unquote
President Trump says that he's looking
forward to the Helsinki meeting with
Putin so they can discuss Putin's plans
for throwing the midterms into chaos
trigger warning
I'm Andrew Clavin and this is the Andrew
Klavan show
all right the clave this weekend is upon
us already hard to believe it this week
has been so packed with news it just
went flying by but we have George Weigel
today great interview with George Weigel
a Catholic intellectual who will discuss
what went wrong with the West really
really interesting guy
very eloquent very intelligent there's
Catholic guys you know they have this
there's 2,000 years of like tradition
waiting on them it lifts them up unless
it's Knowles and then he just drags it
down also on the fourth of July in a
special livestream this coming Monday
July 2nd at 7 p.m. Eastern we will be
joined by special guest Jordan Peterson
and will be celebrating the 4th of July
Independence Day
Jeremy boring the god-king of the day
Lee Weyer will host a new edition of
daily wire backstage with me Shapiro
Noel's to look back on our country's
birth and look ahead to its future
subscribers will even be able to write
in live questions for us to answer on
the air again that's this Monday July
2nd at 7 p.m. Eastern 4 p.m. Pacific
with special guests Jordan Peterson you
can find our special live stream on
Facebook and YouTube don't miss it you
know I've been watching the Matt Walsh
oh I don't know if you've been watching
that you know that that doesn't show out
of a car it's a token of our respect for
him we don't give him a studio or
anything like that so he's been kind of
bolstering himself up by talking about
the fact that he has a globe he has a
globe and he thinks that makes him look
kind of intellectual and intelligent and
you know superior to some of us who
actually have a studio and you know I
don't want to cause a global conflict
with Matt you know he got he saw that I
actually have a globe myself and I
didn't put it forward like that because
I don't I don't have to I don't have to
put my globe forward but he went out and
bought another globe and you know that's
fine that's fine he can have you know
have two Globes if he wants you know you
know one of the problems you'll notice
on the left is that because they they
never hear any other arguments they get
really angry whenever they confront us
don't know what we're thinking or why
and that is a good reason to read
magazines and that is a wonderful reason
to get texture texture is it's got to be
the most addictive app that you can't
actually swallow it is incredible it is
just texture is the magazine app it's
got just about every magazine you can
think of more than 200 top magazines all
in one place you can get the Atlantic GQ
The New Yorker so you don't have to be
that guy who doesn't know what people
are talking about you get deep yeah
they're kind of deep insightful
exploratory journalism you can only get
from magazines do this start a seven day
free trial go to texture comm slash
Clavin & don'ts that wait start reading
the latest issues of your favorite
magazines you can search them collect
them it's really it really is a terrific
app for try texture for free at texture
comm slash Clavin that's texture dot-com
slash Clavin for a free trial you might
even learn how to spell Clavin because
you know no ease in Clavin it's que la
vie aan so obviously hilarious we've got
to get into some of this while I was on
yesterday Anthony Kennedy announced his
retirement and the funny thing about
this is like Kennedy was largely a
conservative justice he was usually the
conservative swing vote except on some
very very high-level high profile social
justice things like gay marriage he was
the vote that put that over the top
abortion he was always defending it and
so the left is just going insane over
this I mean you'd think that they loved
this guy who was constantly voting for
the right you think they loved him but
they went here was just a token of their
reaction
and that was the editor of the New York
Times so I'm you can imagine how it was
with people down the line I have I have
just one uh you know you know it's funny
all we heard about it up until this
moment we're babies crying at the border
and all we are is it babies crying look
baby
here's a picture there's a baby it's
crying that's from 2014 you still it's
crying it's a baby it's quite suddenly
it's like I don't care about babies
crying I'm you crying
that's what matters it's like the left
just anything it's all emotion they just
always follow their emotions I have one
message for the left about this this is
your own damn fault
it's you who insisted that the Supreme
Court first of all it's you who insisted
that the government should put its
grubby little fingers into every single
aspect of our lives the Constitution
gives the government the federal
government enumerated powers it's not
supposed to have any other powers except
those mentioned in the Constitution but
it's you guys who have extended that
power through interpreting the
Constitution any way you want just
making it up it's like a living document
it's a living doll you know it's like
that it's like C's for Constitution by
the you know it's just leaps up anytime
it wants and rewrites itself now the
federal government it decides who gets
married who can get married what laws
the states can make about marriage what
laws the states can make about abortion
you know basically you have like like a
Chicago pall like Obama sitting in
Washington telling people in Arkansas
who should use the bathrooms in their
public schools oh yeah the girl says
he's a guy guy says he's a girl that's
the bathroom the President of the United
States is gonna dictate that to
Mississippi is gonna dictate that to
Connecticut it's like what on earth that
is not the way our government was
supposed to work this is supposed to be
enumerated powers it's your fault left
these that this Court has become that
important it shouldn't be that five
unelected justices get this decision you
know get to make decisions that affect
us all so deeply if the government were
smaller if the government were obeying
the Constitution and only having the
enumerated powers in the Constitution
then the Supreme Court's decisions every
now and again they'd make an important
one but it would
be like every single one was dealing
with every single one of us it's the
left when you saw these decisions that
we were talking about yesterday these
enforced speech decisions it is the left
that wants to tell you how to feel it's
the left that wants to tell you how to
think it's the left that wants to tell
you how to say they think that freedom
just fell out of the sky and it will be
protected no matter what we do they do
not understand that it's our laws our
Constitution that protect us and when
you interpret the Constitution rightly
even if you don't get what you want in
that minute it still is protecting you
and the left just doesn't get it they
only go with the results they never care
about the process so even even what they
did with the filibuster paved the way
for this moment when Trump basically has
a free hand to appoint the kind of
justice we hope we hope will be the same
kind of Federalist constitutionalist
justice like like Gorsuch they it was
the left who paved the way for this
remember in its 2013 2013 they said you
know what filibuster doesn't count
anymore filibuster forget the filibuster
you don't need 60 votes to appoint
judges they left the Supreme Court out
of this they said all the other justices
all the other federal justices just a
majority vote and remember Mitch
McConnell this is cut number nine he
told them he was so upset about this he
told them not to do it here's just to
remind you what that was like
once again Senate Democrats are
threatening to break the rules of the
Senate break the rules of the Senate in
order to change the rules of the Senate
and over what over what over a court
that doesn't even have enough work to do
the majority leader promised he promised
over and over again that he wouldn't
break the rules of the Senate in order
to change them if you want to play games
set yet another precedent that you will
no doubt come to regret say to my
friends on the other side of the aisle
you'll regret this and you may regret it
a lot sooner than you think
so he's told them they were gonna regret
it Harry Reid sent out a tweet saying oh
boy I'm glad people encouraged me for
filibuster reform it's always reform
when they do it is they just got rid of
this rule the filibuster which by the
way
I wish they'd get rid of altogether at
this point because it's outdated it's
being misused but they didn't care this
it's it is your own damn fault left
these you did this you did this and then
on top of this right
Niel Gorsuch is appointed by Trump and
because of the resistance and the pink
hats and the people in the streets and
all the anger from the left because they
cannot stand legally losing an election
all of that stuff Chuck Schumer said
well we're gonna filibuster Gorsuch
Gorsuch didn't change the balance of the
court horses was replacing as you
remember Antonin Scalia so he didn't
change the balance of the court why
filibuster him he was also unimpeachable
he was also a great justice as everybody
agreed so why a filibuster him didn't
matter Chuck Schumer had resistance
resistance resistance and they didn't
think Mitch McConnell would blow him up
and he did blow him up and he nuked him
and he said okay then we're not gonna
have the filibuster even even been
remember Ben was saying like you know
he'll never do it he'll never do it yeah
but he did he did it and he said you
know where you took the filibuster away
I told you you were gonna regret it now
we're taking it away for Supreme Court
justices too so yesterday Mitch
McConnell was hilarious cuz Mitch
McConnell has that kind of turtley face
you know it almost like it has no
expression on it you know you've heard
the expression he looks like the cat who
ate the canary he looked like the cat
who bit Chuck Schumer's head off and
then spit it out he's like this little
glow coming out of it just here's just a
note of him telling the telling the left
telling schumer ain't gonna be no
resistance this time we have the
majority and we're gonna push it through
the senate stands ready to fulfill its
constitutional role by offering advice
and consent on president trumps
nominated to fill this vacancy we will
vote to confirm Justice Kennedy's
successor this fall as in the case of
Justice Gorsuch senators will have the
opportunity to meet with president
Trump's nominee examine his or her
qualifications and debate the nomination
I have every confidence in chairman
Grassley conduct of the upcoming
confirmation process in the Judiciary
Committee it's imperative that
president's nominee be considered fairly
and not subjected to personal attacks
thus for our president Trump's judicial
nominations have reflected a keen
understanding of the vital role the
judges play in our constitutional order
judges must interpret the law fairly and
apply it even handedly it is your if you
work if you are filling up my leftist
ears Tumblr lefties this is your own
damn fault everything about the
situation is the fault of the left every
single thing about it
there's nothing about this that the
right has to take any kind of blame for
whatsoever they made the court too
strong they basically said we can
interpret the Constitution any way we
want even today even even this week is
these decisions were coming out when
they had that decision that the travel
ban was okay was so obviously in the law
that Trump had the power to put in this
stretch this travel ban into effect even
then we don't we don't have to obey the
law we don't need no Constitution you
know they are the guys who did this
they're the guys who made the court so
powerful if the court by practice and
habit and custom had remained within the
confines of the Constitution the states
would have retained the power that
they're supposed to have and it would
not be as epic epic a problem for the
left as it is right now and you know
Schumer is because they're so upset
about Merrick garland you remember
Merrick garland was the Pick of Obama
but he was about to be about to leave
office and so they held it up for a year
said note we're gonna have this election
so now Chuck Schumer hilariously is
saying oh well now you should hold it up
because there's a minute a midterm
coming up not a presidential election
but a midterm coming up in the hopes
that they will win the Senate and this
will energize their base and Schumer
goes on the on the floor in what isn't
even he must know is a desperate
desperate argument that is never going
to go anywhere he goes on and makes this
play the Senate should reject anyone who
will instinctively side with powerful
special interests over the interests of
average Americans our Republican
colleagues in the Senate should follow
the rule they set in 2016 not to
consider as
Supreme Court justice in an election
year Senator McConnell would tell anyone
who listened that the Senate had the
right to advise and consent and that was
every bit as important as the
president's right to nominate millions
of people are just months away from
determining the senators who should vote
to confirm or reject the president's
nominee and their voices deserve to be
heard now as leader McConnell thought
they should deserve to be heard then
anything but that would be the absolute
height of hypocrisy mean man white man a
he's not going anywhere with this
Senator Mike Lee he had the best
response to this Mike Lee is the guy
that Ted Cruz and a lot of conservatives
would like to see get the appointment I
suspect he's not going to because he
kind of stood against Trump and Trump
but it can hold the grudge but maybe not
one that we we don't know so Dianne
Feinstein also pushing this and shannon
bream reads Feinstein's statement to
Leigh Leigh's response is classic
because it's just so honest Senator
Dianne Feinstein of course the top
Democrat on judiciary says this there
should be no consideration of a Supreme
Court nominee until the American people
have a chance to weigh in
leader McConnell set that standard in
2016 when he denied judge garland a
hearing for nearly a year
and the Senate should follow what she's
calling the McConnell standard two very
important distinctions there number one
that was a presidential election year
this isn't number two we have the
majority if they don't that's the
biggest single distinction that's the
one that matters so they can wish that
all they want but they know that we're
going to confirm whoever whoever
president Trump happens to nominate see
that's as close as the senator can come
as screw you basically although these
days but you could probably just say
that but but it really is different
because the the Republicans had the had
the advantage when garland was nominated
and they have the advantage now and
they're certainly not going to wait
around for the midterms or anything else
they're gonna do this as quickly as they
possibly can and they should I mean they
should but this but most of all I mean
this is the the left's fault
this is such a panic attack this is such
a crazed you know while left this tears
moment that it's all their fault but
most of all it is their fault because
they have become antagonistic to the
most basic lis held beliefs of the
American people and when I say the
American people I'm not just talking
about right-wingers I am talking about a
large swath of people who are not on the
Left those people who are Democrats
liberals in the old sense of the word I
mean now a liberal is a conservative
right a liberal is basically the
classical liberals and the conservatives
are basically the same people there are
areas of disagreement between them but
they're basically the same people and
these a lot of these people vote for
Democrats because their parents voted
for Democrats their grandparents they
just don't break away they don't look at
what is happening but the left has made
it very hard to ignore you know law
professor David Bernstein wrote a piece
in The Washington Post and he is quoting
a piece from Shawn trend in Real Clear
Politics here is Shawn Trend talking
about what what liberals have done in
regards to religious people right
because most people in this country are
still at least enough religious to pray
in secret you know they may not go to
church every Sunday but they still
believe in God here's his list Democrats
and liberals have booed the inclusion of
God in their platform at the 2012
convention they've endorsed a regulation
that would allow transgender students to
use the bathroom and locker room
corresponding to their identity
attempted to force small businesses to
cover drugs they believe induce
abortions attempted to force nuns to
provide contraceptive coverage they
forced Brendan Eich to step down as
chief executive officer of Mozilla due
to his opposition to marriage equality
find a small Christian bakery over a
hundred and forty thousand dollars for
refusing to bake a cake for a same-sex
wedding vigorously opposed the law in
Indiana that would provide protections
against similar regulations despite
having overwhelmingly supported similar
laws when they protected Native American
religious rights which is exactly right
as only Christ they hate and then
scoured the Indiana countryside trying
to find a business that would be
affected by the law before settling upon
a small pizza place in the middle of
nowhere and harassing the owners in 2015
the United States Solicitor General
suggested that churches might lose their
tax exempt status if they refuse to
perform same-sex marriages in 2016 the
Democratic nominee endorsed repealing
the Hyde Amendment thereby endorsing
federal funding for elective abortions I
mean this is basically the the hatred
that they have shown toward religious
people it has ginned up evangelicals but
I think it offends everybody it is the
thing that makes them that puts them at
odds with the rest of us I mean you know
Bernstein in this wopo piece he says he
talks about the obergefell same-sex
marriage a case right where the Supreme
Court has declared that the founders
meant for the Constitution to protect
the right of gay people to get married
that's what George Washington was
thinking that was Thomas what Thomas
Jefferson was thinking when he wrote the
Constitution was you know we got to make
sure that I guess he would have called
them sodomite so I mean day I guess we
ought to make sure that they get married
no I mean you know the thing is you know
how how tolerant and accepting I am of
gay people you know all that but but the
Supreme Court had no business it's not
in the Constitution the enumerated
powers do not grant the federal
government rights over who gets married
in what state they just don't and if you
don't protect that stuff you lose
everything so there was an exchange
between Alito and the and the Solicitor
General arguing for same-sex marriage
and Alito says in the Bob Jones case the
court held that a college was night not
entitled to tax-exempt status if it
opposed interracial marriage or
interracial dating so with the same
apply to a university or a college if it
opposed same-sex marriage and the
Solicitor General said you know I don't
think I can answer that question without
knowing more specifics but it's
certainly going to be an issue the left
didn't know that that exchange existed
the left didn't care but the right knew
and the evangelicals knew
themselves at odds with anybody who was
a devout Christian and maybe maybe you
know some of that Christianity was it
was not necessary you know maybe the
some of the beliefs in that Christianity
are not inherent in the gospel maybe
they are I'm not arguing that at all
whether that's true or not the point is
that this is what people believe it's
they're deeply deeply held belief and
the Democrats and the left have been
spitting on those people forever so that
you know there's no sympathy from them
for them from the right
the final thing the final thing that is
their fault is perfectly encapsulated in
a the top editorial in knucklehead Row
so let us take a long walk to the op-ed
page of The New York Times or as we like
to call it knucklehead roe
this is written by the editors and all I
really have to read you is the title
it's with Kennedy gone justice must be
won at the ballot box it's like wow you
mean you have to convince people to vote
for your ideas what a concept New York
Times what a concept you know because
they thought they could rule by Fiat
through the court and through the
regulatory agencies they haven't tried
to convince us they thought they could
spit on us they thought they could tell
us boo the God that we worship they
thought they could do all this stuff and
now now when there's a chance that Trump
will you know really remake the court in
the conservative image and a
constitutionalist image they're thinking
like oh my gosh maybe we should make an
argument stop calling people racist all
the time
that would be new it is all the left's
fault that this is a five-alarm fire for
them it is all their fault you know I
have to tell you the one way you know
that the left is at odds with a large
swath of America in a way the right
simply isn't because the right has a
very big tent is the fact that they have
to lie all the time you know Obama had
to run as a moderate remember Obama ran
as a moderate that first time he played
down a yellow I'm not for income
redistribution I'm not a socialist later
on before he left he said you know
Bernie Sanders he agreed with Bernie
Sanders Bernie Sanders just wanted to
move too quickly
so he is a socialist he is you know he
basically is a European socialist now
they have this problem that Alexander's
Alexandria occasio Cortes won this
election in a liberal district in Queens
and Manhattan and the thing about this
is the guy Joe was named Crowley I think
it was Joe Crowley yeah he didn't
campaign because he just thought he had
a like a 30 point lead
so no one showed up at this election I
mean whether this election actually
shows that this is the way the party is
going is up for grabs
so here's Nancy Pelosi but there
certainly is a huge leftist pull in the
Democrat Party so here's Nancy Pelosi
and the reporters are saying gee you're
you guys are getting kind of young and
progressive aren't you and she slaps him
down listen to this they made a choice
in one district so let's not get
yourself carried away as an expert on
demographics and the rest of that within
the caucus or outside the caucus we are
again we have an array of genders
generations geography and the rest
opinion in our caucus and we're very
proud of that the fact that in a very
progressive district in New York it went
more progressive than well Joe Crowley
is a progressive but more to the less
than Joe Crowley
is about that district it is not to be
viewed as something that stands for
everything else are we excited about
another generation of people coming into
the Congress I am particularly excited
that so many women are running across
the country because when I came to
Congress usually people had raised their
families or done something else before
they came the men were on average ten
years younger when they came and now we
have women stepping up earlier weighing
home and work in a way that is going to
benefit all of the American people
so that's Nancy Pelosi lying and saying
don't worry we're not becoming communist
and here is the lady who actually won
Alexandria kzo Cortes saying ya know we
are going communist I think that we're
in the middle of a movement in this
country I feel this movement but that
was gonna happen from the bottom up that
movement is gonna come from voters there
are a lot of really exciting races with
extremely similar dynamics as mine it's
not just one district you look like you
look at a Anna Presley out in
Massachusetts same exact same exact
situation so so here's the thing though
Nancy Pelosi 78 mm-hmm you are 28 hmm we
can do the math okay so Steny Hoyer I'm
in the minority whip 79 Jim Clyburn 77
yeah
okay it's not gonna stay that way can
someone like Nancy Pelosi and this isn't
about her as a human being this is about
the leader of your party when it comes
to Congress is it time for new blood
younger people I know I think I do think
that that we do need to elect a
generation of new people to Congress on
both parties you know I think that some
of the issues that we even have today
may have to do with some of the
calcified structures and relationships
and you know in certain seats where it's
appropriate I think that that a new leaf
can actually mean a lot of opportunity
for the partying and our future so the
old lady basically Pelosi is saying yeah
we're not going communist the look new
face of the party is saying oh yes we
absolutely are we're absolutely going
socialist this is the way it's going so
all of this stuff has put the the
Democrats at odds with the normal you
know I mean this is not a socialist
country not yet anyway it's still it's
still alive it's still you know it
believes in freedom it still believes in
capitalism all the things that have made
this country great are still in
operation they're always under threat
but they're still in operation and I
think that it is because the Democrats
have lost touch with the whole middle of
the country the entire middle of the
country that they have to rule by Fiat
they have to force things down our
throat and when they lose the power to
do that through the Supreme Court they
just panic it is all their fault all
right we got this interview amazing an
interview with George Weigel coming up
we're not going to cut away we're gonna
let you watch and just stay here and and
see the whole thing but that is all the
more reason that you should feel
incredibly guilty for not subscribing
you should subscribe allows a ten bucks
a month you can ask questions in the
mail bag allows a hundred bucks for the
whole year and you get you're gonna need
this you're going to need this during
these Supreme Court hearings this
leftist two years tumblr I mean what are
you going to do without it
George Weigel is an American author
political analyst social activist he
currently serves as a distinguished
senior fellow of the ethics and Public
Policy Center he was the founding
president of the James Monroe foundation
we're talking about his book the
fragility of order cat
like reflections on turbulent times I
have been reading the essays and it's
really a collection of essays and it
really is powerful stuff because he has
this vision of what it is that makes
democracy work and that it's not
disconnected from the church it's not
disconnected from Christian belief and
this interview I could have gone on for
another half hour with this interview
but we'll bring him back and talk to him
again fascinating stuff George Michael
thank you very much for coming on I
really appreciate it
nice nice to be here with you uh let's
start with the big picture from your
book you know after after the cold war
many of us were hopeful that there was
going to be a new order coming out of
the fall of the Soviet Union
20 years later it doesn't look very much
like that what what do you think went
wrong I think a number of things went
wrong drew the United States took
something of a holiday from history in
the 1990s during during the Clinton
administration and then in the post 9/11
world I think we failed to understand
that this civilizational struggle
between the west and and jihadist
radical Islam was going to take the
better part of several generations to
resolve we're not a patient people we're
used to orderliness or at least some
degree of it in our own public life but
we've even seen that come unglued a bit
in the last 25 years to the post-cold
war world has not been a time of Civic
renewal in America it's been a time of
Civic deconstruction and decomposition
and in many ways so we're in a very
challenging moment here in the early
decades of the 21st century testing
whether the promise of freedom lived
nobly that was laid out by among others
Pope John Paul the second wat Slav Havel
other great figures of the revolution of
89 is going to be vindicated in fact you
know you you write very eloquently about
the role
that the church specifically the
Catholic Church has to play in
supporting democracy and supporting
freedom can can you explain that a
little bit yeah III would I would
broaden the categories and talk about
biblical religion I think the
civilization of the West is rests it's
like a stool that rests on three legs
one of them is Jerusalem biblical
religion the idea that human life is not
just one darn thing after another it's
not cyclical it's journey its pilgrimage
its adventure it's heading somewhere and
and within that notion of of journey is
a another crucial notion of the dignity
of every individual human being made in
the image and likeness of God the second
leg of the stool is Athens Greek
classical Greece the human faith in
reason the capacity of reason to get at
the truth of things and then the third
leg of the stool is realm conviction
that law rather than brute force is is
the superior way to organize public life
those are the building blocks the
foundation stones of the Western world
and we saw how the biblical religion leg
can can renew the others during the
1980s john paul ii was a crucial figure
in the collapse of european communism
because he ignited a revolution of
conscience in which people took the risk
as he put it at the UN in 1995 of living
in the truth of living for freedom and
freedom understood something as
something more than then doing it my way
to quote the great moral philosopher
Frank Sinatra freedom as as common
purpose freedom as noble enterprises
jointly engaged in the revolution of 8
1989 Central and Eastern Europe was a
different kind of
massive social change because it was
informed by by moral truth we tend to
forget that in the Western world today
we think democracy is a machine that can
run by itself
well it isn't takes a certain kind of
people living certain virtues so that
the machinery of democracy produces
genuine human flourishing and a society
that is building a common good not just
a sum total of little individual goods
so there's so many places I want to
unpack that let's let's start with this
one it does this mean if if this is the
center of and the support of our way of
life does this mean that Islam is
inherently incompatible with what the
West is trying to do when when Pope
Benedict spoke about this it started
riots around the world and he had to
kind of back off a little bit do you
feel he was right to back off do you
feel that this is a fight we have to
have I think Pope Benedict's Regensburg
address to which referring is perhaps
the most misunderstood papal speech in
in in several hundred years what what
the Pope was saying is that for Islam to
live with the rest of the world it has
to develop from within its own religious
resources a theory of religious
tolerance and a theory of social
pluralism a theory of the separation of
religious and political authority in a
Justice Society that those two points
can Islam develop within itself an
understanding of religious tolerance
including the legally protected right to
change your religious location if you
will to convert from one religion to
another and can Islam find a way to
legitimize from with again from within
itself the distinction between spiritual
authority and political authority in a
21st century State those are going to be
two very significant
developments and they're gonna take a
while but they're those are the right
questions and the Pope was right to put
them on the table and they ought to keep
being pressed today and there may be
some indication that this is beginning
to happen I mean we see the beginnings
of some wrestling with this even in
Saudi Arabia today with the crown prince
evidently trying to find some path
forward beyond this narrow sectarian
Salafist form of Islam but it's
incumbent upon Western people of faith
Jews and Christians to keep pressing
these questions with Islamic
interlocutors I did this in in Rome last
December with a group of Islamic
scholars and jurists and I said look it
took the Catholic Church about 200 years
to come up with a Catholic theory of
religious freedom and a Catholic
understanding of social pluralism in a
democratic post ocm regime world it's
gonna take you guys a while to but maybe
we can help you do that if you
understand if you understand that you're
going to have to find these resources
from within your own tradition the
notion of some very brave people
I think of ayaan Hirsi Ali for example
that the only answer to this problem of
Islam and the rest of the world is for
1.2 billion Muslims to become good
secular liberals it's just not a
real-world prescription that that ain't
gonna happen
so there needs to be some other
alternative meanwhile it is terribly
important both for our own safety and
for the safety of those Muslims who are
the primary victims of Islamist and
jihadist terrorism to do everything we
can
to defeat that scourge of civilization
throughout the world so let's bring this
home then what about the home culture we
have all these fights about gay marriage
for instance and certainly gay tolerance
I live in Los Angeles where you know I
may be the last straight man walking
around how do we balance how do we
balance our tolerance with our neighbors
our American sense that everybody should
be able to do as he pleases in his own
home with the need to defend our culture
and to keep this difficult religion as
you put it at the core of our governance
well what what biblical religion does
for us is it helps us see the world
accurately and so much of our public
life today it seems to me is confused
because of a lack of reality contact one
at one of the essays in this book we're
discussing is called the importance of
reality contact deep truths and public
policy if you keep telling yourself eh
that someone can look in the mirror in
the morning see the attributes of a man
say to themselves I am really a woman
and and then the rest of us have to
salute and say yes you are really a
woman we're building a society around a
lack of reality contact and that just
can't that just can't be good the
aggressiveness of the LGBTQ movement I
think has to be contested not least on
on grounds of religious freedom but also
on just grounds of sheer civility take
the masterpiece cake shop for example
that Baker won on a very narrow Supreme
Court decision because the Caliph other
civil rights commissioners were so
blatantly anti religious that even
Stephen Breyer and
Kagan could recognize that on the
Supreme Court but the case should never
have happened anyway there were a
gazillion other places that could have
baked a cake for that event that this
was not an assertion of someone's civil
rights this was an attempt to use state
power to compel Jack Phillips the owner
of masterpiece cake shop to say yes I
think this is all great and I'm all for
it that's bullying that is what Pope
Benedict called the dictatorship of
relativism the use of coercive state
power to impose an ethic of I'm ok
you're OK and nothing's not ok on
everybody else and that is lethal to
democracy so let's move on to the Dredd
question of Donald Trump when he was
running I think I referred to him as the
first post Christian presidential
candidate in his emphasis on winning his
attacks on people for not having enough
money his bullying aspect and yet he
seems to be doing an actually good job
running the country can we as religious
believers in good faith support a man
who is obviously very personally flawed
well there have been lots of personally
flawed presidents senators
representative Supreme Court justices
emperors kings queens whatever that's
that's called the human condition
President Trump should be judged on
first of all on performance and by that
measure I'm reasonably pleased with some
things I think his judicial nominations
have been quite good I think
his economic policies including both
deregulation and and the tax reform
seemed to have gotten the economy back
in gear again I do think that he let us
down badly in Singapore by not
addressing the groats
ask human rights violations that are a
normal part of state policy in North
Korea and then by describing this
murderous little thug as a talented man
with a great personality this is this is
just this is really warping reality
again there's a lack of reality contact
and I worry that in his appeals to the
base his base in the United States he is
he's he's aiming low I think president
should aim high president should summon
the American people to live out the
noblest of our aspirations not to live
out the basest of our fears and this
this constant appeal to you know a
nation under assault by what people
picking fruit in the Yakima Valley I
don't think so
there's lots of things assaulting the
United States today but that's not high
on my list of problems so I think it's a
mixed picture it's it's certainly better
than it would have been under a
president Hillary Clinton you might have
been interviewing me in Guantanamo maybe
you'd be there too exactly exactly would
be an easy interview yeah I wish that
there were more of a summons to nobility
rather than an appeal to some very
primal fears I you know I'm actually I'm
already out of time but I have to ask
you one last question
generated by your original statement you
were talking about the Pope Pope John
you know I'm not a Catholic but your
last two popes were two of the great
heroes of my life john paul ii obviously
bringing down helping so much to bring
down the Soviet Union and Benedict my
favorite living theologian just one of
the great reads out there not so much
your new guy
I mean where do you feel do you feel
that the churches taking a step back or
is this a necessary law or what is going
on with Francis I think if you look at
the living parts of the Catholic Church
around the world whether we're talking
about North America or Africa or
whatever pockets of vital Catholicism
exist in Europe it's those parts of the
church that have embraced John Paul the
second and Benedict the sixteenth if you
look at the places where the church is
dying particularly in Western Europe
look at Ireland for example it's those
parts of the church that are trying to
make the failed project of what I call
Catholic light like coca-cola light you
know work and it doesn't so that's the
empirical reality and I think people who
admired and esteemed John Paul the
second and Benedict the sixteenth can
take ought to take a lot of comfort from
that in the present air turbulence in
the church which I do discuss as well in
this book the book is the fragility of
order Catholic reflections on turbulent
times a collection of terrific essays by
George Michaels rich thank you very much
for coming on I hope you'll come back
there's a lot of more questions I'd like
to ask
I'd enjoy that very much good to see you
thanks very much
really good stuff stuff I like
that one was from Timothy Ricola if you
want to add your you know entry into
these stuff I like sweepstakes but what
does the address eight Clavin a Clavin
today Lee Weyer calm and you can send
your stuff I like theme song and we'll
pick one eventually I may even put it up
for a vote it's on point who knows yeah
stuff might like you know I rarely take
recommendations from ben shapiro because
what does he know about cult I mean
really let's let's face it however when
the man is right he is right and he sold
me on this picture of the death of
Stalin and it is absolutely fine here's
just a brief clip from their trailer
fine
exactly fine is head open sterling would
have wanted the committee as one wasn't
it
Terry you animus Lee
booshed not first not first would you
stop with this I want to make a speech
at my father's funeral no no problem
technically yes but practically when I
said no problem what I meant was no
there's no what happens to the top of
the Soviet order after Stalin one of the
true monsters of history a man
responsible for tens of millions of
deaths and who was randomly handing out
lists of assassinating people what
happens when he dies and it's the power
struggle that follows with Steve Buscemi
as a Nikita Khrushchev just a great
great cast of expert old men who know
exactly what to do with this thing and
here's the thing about it if you read
the book the Reds are the court of the
Reds are it's called
it details what happened when Stalin
dies and the events in the film are
almost exactly accurate is based on a
French graphic novel and the events are
almost exactly accurate and the only
thing that's funny about it is the way
they read the lines I mean these power
struggle is real the murder is real it's
the only thing that's funny about is the
way they film it the way they act it and
so it's all just the real horror it's
called a comedy of terrors that's it sub
it's subtitle and it just gets the
comedy of being in an insane situation
where you were following a madman with
respect it reminded me of the comic
version of the film downfall I'm sure
you've all seen the scene from downfall
of Hitler screams over the map and they
put funny things under it downfall is
one of the best movies of the last 30
years just a wonderful wonderful film
but what always struck me about downfall
is everybody and it behaves in a kind of
honorable way if they're serving George
Washington if they're serving somebody
decent they're being loyal they're being
true steadfast they're standing with
their man it's just that he's Hitler and
he's out of his mind he's a little
cockroach a little satanic madman and
they're giving him their best they're
giving their best to the worst and that
is a tragedy and it's an almost
unbelievable tragedy this shows exactly
the same thing except it shows the kind
of her
ethically comic a version of that and it
just captures what these philosophies
that people follow socialism communism
fascism all these things that people
follow instead of freedom instead of
basically the the system where the most
number of people have the most power
that is that is possible when it all
devolves into these one mad person how
in the whole world goes insane I must
now I'm sad to say cast you into the
Clavin this weekend where there will be
great wailing and gnashing of teeth but
we will be back here Monday for the
fourth of July week and the survivors
can gather here with us then I'm Andrew
Clavin this is the Andrew Clavin show
this
the Andrew Klavan show is produced by
Robert Sterling executive producer
Jeremy boring senior producer Jonathan
hey our supervising producer is Mathis
Glover and our technical producer is
Austin Stevens edited by Emily J audio
is mixed by Mike core Mina hair and
makeup is by Joshua alvera the Andrew
Klavan show is a daily wire for word
publishing production copyright for word
publishing 2018
you
