Kelvin Cochran was the former fire chief
of Atlanta a very accomplished guy
started as one of the the first black
firefighters in Atlanta then he rose
through the ranks to become the fire
chief and then he was hired by Obama to
run a division of FEMA and then he was
recruited back to Atlanta because the
fire department was struggling in his
absence so this was a very sought-after
guy very respected very good at his job
and then a few years ago mr. Cochran
wrote a short devotional book about his
Christian faith in which he mentioned
that the fact that marriage according to
the Bible is between a man and a woman
and I believe that this was something
that he mentioned only on like one page
of the book I'm pretty sure he shared
the book with a few people next thing
you know because he wrote this book
expressing his Christian faith
expressing a faith by the way that is
shared by millions of people in the
country next thing you know he's
suspended without pay from his job he's
forced to attend sensitivity training
and finally he's fired well he went back
and sued the city for violating his
First Amendment rights and earlier this
week in a huge victory for the First
Amendment he was awarded 1.2 million
dollars which is which is great and this
was an easy one okay should have been an
easy one anyway this is an easy case to
figure out he was fired from his job
with the government because of his
personal religious views that is
straightforward infringed you know that
is one of the more straightforward and
clear-cut cases of First Amendment
infringement that you're ever gonna find
now they did an investigation while he
was suspended before they fired him they
did an investigation they and they found
no evidence that he had ever
discriminated against anyone even though
he had outed himself as a Christian and
as someone who believes in biblical
marriage they found no evidence that he
had ever discriminated against anyone
including homosexuals in fact he was
well known before that point for being
very inclusive very progressive in that
sense you know being inclusive and
tolerant he's a black man himself who
experienced discrimination himself very
early in his in his career so it makes
sense
that he would be a tolerant and
inclusive kind of guy and you're not
going to get hired by Obama to run a
federal agency or to you know you're not
gonna get hired to a federal post by
Obama
unless you were progressive and tolerant
in that way or tolerant towards
different sexual orientations anyway but
he was fired anyway they investigated
him because he declared his Christian
faith they found no evidence of
discrimination said we're gonna fire you
anyway because they didn't like his
religion fired him purely for his
religious views purely because the City
Council didn't agree with his religion
and he sued and finally he's getting 1.2
million dollars
