and there's a book by Jane levy over to
the LA Times short book called ghetto
side and her suggestion was that one of
the biggest problems that the black
community is having in terms of elevated
rates of crime is that historically
there's been under policing in the black
community that the white community said
to the black community take care of
yourselves
right we're not gonna put our cops in
there and put them in danger you guys
take care of yourselves and so what that
led to was gangs we're gonna protect
their members and who are gonna fight
other members and what we really need at
this point is more of a police presence
what you need is a lowering of the crime
rate and then there just won't be as
many run-ins with the police because
virtually every ethnic group in the
United States at one point or another
has had high crime rates in the United
States and they've had elevated run-ins
with the police as a result the Italian
community in the United States in the
early 20th century is a great example of
this where they had elevated crime rates
to the point where there were protests
about why Italian people were constantly
being portrayed as criminals on
television and all this and then the
crime rates went down same thing is true
the Irish and the Germans it's true
early on of the Jews even and then the
crime rates went down and then the
run-ins with the police stopped so the
real question I guess is why do you
think it is that people who are
prominent in culture and in the black
community have not taken more of a
perspective just saying okay well let's
let's get our own house in order and
then we can talk about you know the
supposedly brutal problem that that's
happening I'm not saying they can't be
tackled simultaneously but it seems like
the amount of focus is 95% on terrible
policing and 5% on actual societal
problems I blame the media for not
allowing people on with common sense to
give them a platform and I it's just
like we're irresponsible I get that and
and I have mixed feelings about Al
Sharpton I've been critical of our
Sharpton in the past and much of that
criticism stands the test of time I
don't back away from any of it but some
I have some modicum of respect for our
Sharpton but I think it's wrong that
we've given him this elevated platform
on television and treat him as the
spokesman for black America I just don't
think he's earned that and I think he
shot his credibility with Tawana Brawley
and other things that a responsible
media would say you
we'd like to find a different voice than
our sharpton and so I think the same
thing with Etana he see Coates is we've
anointed him as the spokesman for black
America and he keeps singing the same
note over and over and over again
black people anything that happens to
you you're not responsible for there's
these magical white people that are in
control of your lives and basically what
Tommy he see coach would if you
understand his point of view he's
basically arguing white people are God
we should worship them and get on these
and beg and pray for them to come save
us I just don't believe in that uh and
I'm most rational people I don't think
believe in that you have to take
ownership of your own destiny in life
and if an America has a track record
that if you're willing to do that you'll
find some success here
