it's the neumuller investigation over
Politico because it about Stephen Miller
being a third grader because of our last
name Stephen and I shared a desk we are
not friends though we weren't exactly
enemies either our teacher miss Fisk had
the class write stories each week with
vocabulary words and sometimes she let
us read them aloud I wrote a series of
stories about a mixed-up chicken named
Jeremy I am not kidding this is in
Politico I felt proudest that year when
I got to read my stories in class and
they made the other kids laugh but it
was difficult to make Stephen laugh you
understand truth is what it says not
joking it was difficult to make see he
wouldn't laugh at the kids mixed up
chicken stories this is how he knew from
the very beginning that Stephen Miller
wanted to imprison illegal immigrants in
Japanese internment conditions
I found him difficult to reach at all
and so it seemed in most everyone else
he was frequently distracted vacillating
between total disinterest and everything
around him my stories of course included
the person's really pissed I Stephen no
didn't laugh at the mixed-up chick of
the stories my goodness yeah total
disinterest and everything around him my
stories included hey this is a highlight
of his life these mixed up chicken
stories was all downhill from the mixed
up chicken stories about a guy named
Jeremy was a mixed-up chicken and
completely
why don't we trust the media I don't
understand and complete obsession with
highly specific tax that could protest
they could only be for performed alone
he was especially obsessed with tape and
glue again this is in one of the most
prestigious political magazines in
America along the midpoint of our desks
Stephen laid down a piece of voice
masking tape explaining that it marked
the boundary of our sides that I was not
to cross it the formality of this struck
me as odd I was a fairly neat kid at
least at school and I'd never spread my
things to his side of the desk Stephen
meanwhile could not have been much
Messier his side of the desk was sticky
and peeling littered with scraps of
paper misshapen erasers and pencil nubs
if this adhesive division kept Stephen
on his side of the desk I was all for it
as unfriendly as it seemed but instead
the tape became an attractive nuisance
Stephen picked at it with his
fingernails methodically in a mixture of
absent-mindedness and what seemed like
channelled hostility you could sense how
much he hated Mexicans by the way he was
picking at the tape in third grade on
his desk unbelievable this this guy's
insight is just incredible this process
left and if this process of a Faceman
left a thin layer of sticky grime not
altogether dissimilar from the rest of
Stephens desk he was grimy he was
disgusting in third grade
Stephen rubbed his fingers over this
layer of grime rolling it
little gray pellets until it too was
gone then he applied a new piece of tape
along with a renewed warning that I was
not to cross it don't rinse but do
repeat for months when Stephen was not
picking at the tape he was playing with
glue dead serious guys is actually an
article he liked to pour it into his
hands forming grime tilted glaciers in
the valleys of his palms blues loosely
in hand he deployed his deepest powers
of concentration to watch these pools
harden the first sign would be a
rippling on the surface as if from a
winter Gale this would produce a
precarious moment as Stephens urge to
stick a finger into the filming later
became palpable and his immobilized poem
began to tire okay I'm gonna continue
with this story in just a second first I
just have to say what the actual F okay
there's another 400 words of this story
I guess in about 400 words of this story
about Stephen Miller liking to play
liking to play with tape and glue at age
8 hey again the Muller investigation
continues right this is the actual
Muller investigation John Miller's
investigation into his time in third
grade with Stephen Miller quote
invariably Stephen succumb to this urge
before the glue fully hardened at which
point the prior game transformed into a
new one the game of spreading still
viscous glue and crossed the remainder
of his hand then once the glue dried he
picked it off in long strips the glue
pulling the skin on his palm outward as
he tugged it with his other hand with
skin snapping back into place when each
strip broke off still the sticky
adhesive beneath the strips of glue
remained on his palm so Stephen rubs his
hands together to produce more little
gray pellets which he collected and
rolled together into a mound this in
turn was used to blot at and thereby
clean or perhaps dirty his portion of
the desk
okay now you may be thinking okay well
so where's like the actual meat Uncle
Eddie like where's the where's the
actual meat of the story when do we get
to the part where Stephen out and when
Stephen Miller like kills cats in the
backyard look what we get that for
better or worse is the full extent of my
memory of Stephen that year at Franklin
Elementary School in Santa Monica
California where the sign out front
reads
be a friend not a bully oh ho the irony
the irony that an elementary school has
a sign that says be a friend not a bully
but Stephen Miller turned out to be the
world's worst
frontally balding bully it's just it's
unbelievable I heard stories about him
from
friends as we got older but I wasn't
around to witness things firsthand I
switched to a different school after
sixth grade what to make of this now 25
years later we were all grimy kids at
some point of course with sticky hands
and short attention spans but it is at
least poetic that Stephen was bent on
building a nonsensical wall even back
then a wall that had more to do with
what lay inside him than what lay beyond
he thought he was trying to keep out the
chaos of the world when really what he
was looking for was a way to explain
away the chaos on his own side of the
desk for that was where chaos had always
been that's an actual article in
Politico okay that's the--that's really
that's it now we won't find out until
later that the Muller investigation will
end with an actual P tape of Stephen
Miller you know peeing his pants in
third grade but it's just amazing like
why don't people trust the media I don't
understand why wouldn't we trust people
who decide that that is print worthy
okay the National Enquirer wouldn't pay
five cents for that piece but Politico
somehow thought you know what what
people deeply need to what it's deeply
important people must know people must
know that Stephen Miller once took a
piece of tape and put it across the
sensor of his desk when he was 8 years
old and then removed that piece of tape
and he liked to put glue on his hands
and take it off just like every other
third grader in the history of the world
since Elmer glue was invented no it's
just yes that but why don't people trust
him yet I don't know I don't know it
must be it's it's Trump it's Trump Trump
is so evil help that's all at the table
got that's all I've got I try I trust
the media more now because I've read
that story because now I know that deep
in the recesses of Stephen Miller's mind
is the little boy that grimy little evil
child who like to take eraser nubs and
stack them on his desk who chewed on
pencils who like to go over and grind
his pencils those giant pencils that fit
in the palm of your head in that little
in that little pencil sharpener that you
used to actually have to hand grind like
some sort of organ Oh Stephen Miller
media love you never changed media never
change
