so Michael avenatti desperately wants to
run for president and in the last three
weeks has destroyed his own party's
credibility on Brett Kavanaugh lost a
lawsuit against President Trump now he
jumps in to the stormy Daniels Donald
Trump fight with a video so good that I
want to make it my permanent ringtone
here is Michael avenatti sounding off
for those who can't see Michael avenatti
you know this is this really high style
he has taken his phone turned it into
selfie mode and now he is filming
himself speaking very seriously into
camera about horse face here we go it's
a sad day in America
when the president of the United States
calls a woman a horse face Donald Trump
should be ashamed of himself I don't
care if you're on the right the left or
the center no man should call a woman a
horse race especially the President of
the United States I have two daughters I
think it's a disgrace I don't care what
your political persuasion is you should
condemn it as well it's wrong it's so
wrong it's the wrong thing he paid his
client off Trump ate his client off
$130,000 - shut up about nailing her ten
years before while he's running for
president but the real problem is he
called her a horse face no one in this
country should be called the horse face
under amendment 87 of the Constitution
it should be illegal for anyone to be
called a horse face in a mirror I'm
sorry we need to play the beginning of
that again because the way he says horse
face like you can see his internal
monologue going Michael avenatti you get
his internal monologue is don't laugh
Michael don't laugh when you say horse
face don't laugh
dammit this is like his fifth take this
is his fifth day cuz his first floor
takes he had him breaking up way I have
friends tomorrow when the president of
the United States calls a woman a horse
face oh I've laughed more in the last
week and a half thanks to this news
cycle than a horse race oh I love this
idiot oh it's the best it's the best who
thought that was a great idea he's like
you know what I'm gonna jump into this
campaign because I'm gonna flip this cam
around the
president should never call anyone a
horse-faced that's like the ninth worst
thing Trump did yesterday like Trump
said that Brett Kavanaugh was equivalent
to the Saudi government who just killed
a man
dismembered him and liquefied him and
Michael avenatti is deeply deeply
concerned about the horse-based comments
woman a horse-faced had no president
should call I promise you by the way
that Bill Clinton called women far worse
than a horse based a way worse than a
horse base LBJ was not famous for his
for his gentility around women really
