didn't watch the MTV Movie Awards last
night I'm shocked if you missed it
here's all you need to see from it
this being the generation award I'm
gonna I'm gonna cut to the chase and I'm
gonna speak to you the next generation
okay I accept the responsibility as your
elder so listen up you have a soul be
careful with it God is real God loves
you God wants the best for you believe
that I do learn to pray it's easy and
it's so good for your soul
and finally number 9 nobody is perfect
people are gonna tell you you're perfect
just the way you are you're not you are
imperfect you always will be but there
is a powerful force that designed you
that way
and if you're willing to accept that you
will have grace and grace is a gift and
like the freedom that we enjoy in this
country that grace was paid for with
somebody else's blood do not forget it
don't take it for granted
god bless you please get home safely
thank you preach preach Christmas
Christmas for Governor of California I
mean what a wonderful speech from Chris
Pratt a movie star and we're finally
hearing that and you heard by the way
when he said God exists there's a cheer
there was a huge amount of applause in
the audience this is I really think
we're turning a corner here I really
think that the more they turn up this
hysteria it's because they're losing
