here's why the rule of law matters this
is a cellphone this is a smartphone okay
I'm holding it up if you're listening
this is a smart phone it is a tool it's
a tool for doing something with it I can
get on the internet I can talk to people
I can do research I can do anything I
want with this amazing instrument what
if Nancy Pelosi came along and said oh
my god the children are suffering
because Clavin has this phone get rid of
the phone we'll still be able to talk to
each other we'll still you know it's
about hard it's about feeling it's about
compassion it's about Jesus get rid of
the phone and we'll still be able to
talk to each other well of course you
know that's nonsense that's a tool
that's a tool for communicating without
that tool
I'm just shouting at people right
without that tool I can't get on the
internet the law is a tool in this
country for equality and freedom the law
the rule of law is our tool for equality
and freedom you cannot throw it away and
have your equality in your freedom any
more than you can throw away that phone
and still get online in the palm of your
hand okay here's how it works I'll use
LeBron James cuz I know it drives the
left mad whenever I use the LeBron James
LeBron James is privileged he has stuff
I don't have I have exactly the same
amount of desire and drive to be a pro
basketball player that he does but he
got born with the talent he got lucky so
he's got millions more dollars than I
have he plays sports he's famous he's
got all this stuff that I don't have if
LeBron James does something really bad
beats up somebody say if I beat up
somebody we go before a judge the rule
of law is supposed to be the same for
both of us that's the way that we are
equal that is the way we are equal and
it's the only way that equality can be
preserved once you start to say well you
know LeBron James I kind of dig him I've
watched his games and Clavin I don't
know who he is you know so so let's put
Clavin in jail but you know I've used
some hard let's have some compassion
once the rule of law falls apart were no
longer equal now LeBron James is money
his luck his privilege overrides me and
my and my fair treatment only by obeying
the rule of law do we have equality what
about freedom freedom is the same thing
right you're free if the law we elect
representatives our representatives make
the law these guys represent us that's
why they're called
they represent us so they go and they
make the law on our behalf right if that
law is just thrown aside is disobeyed by
because somebody in at MSNBC thinks it's
not nice then we have lost our power
through our representatives when Barack
Obama said I am NOT going to I'm not
going to support the Defense of Marriage
Act we're simply not going to prosecute
people who violate the Defense of
Marriage Act she became king he's king
now but the laws that my representatives
passed
don't matter anymore you don't like the
Defense of Marriage Act override it veto
it get right have your representatives
go to Congress get rid of it get rid of
the law that's how you do it that's how
it works if they're not doing it you are
not free if they're not enforcing the
law so it's hilarious it's hilarious to
see the people who enforce the law
saying what do you did this is
incredible you're enforcing these laws
but how can you do that change the law
it's up to you
