welcome back I hope you all had a happy
Clavin las' Father's Day personally
Father's Day led me to some serious
reflections on what a sacred and complex
role fatherhood is and I wanted to bring
in an expert and get an expert's
perspective on the subject and who
better to talk to than America's dad
Bill Cosby cos it's great to see you
still not on bail it's great to be here
ankle bracelets so you're a father
I mean I don't care what she says how
would she even know who it was with the
touching you know what I'm trying to get
here there's subject I'm trying to talk
about is what is the secret to
fatherhood otherwise they get away with
the running and the long legs and the
pepper spray
yeah they fast as women that's right
what you famously played a father on
television right oh they called me
America's dad you see because I was such
a great husband and father you see on
you were great husband or father on TV a
good script is the key right right see
what I'm trying to get at here is what
for those of us who don't have a script
what is the trick to father
yeah just take your time let's take them
know that you were going to be asking
that question you see but just you can
just add live just tell us what what do
you think off the top of your head
you've got to be there boy you must be
in the house that's what the judge told
me anyway but the point is that being a
father takes commitment you don't just
become America's dad boy by pretending
to dispense canned wisdom while actually
going out and drugging and raping any
woman who comes near you to you wait
isn't isn't that exactly how you became
America's dad forget America's s as long
as you are surrounded by the journalists
who are determined to ignore everything
you do in real life and just focus on
your image you see
so essentially you you became a great
dad the same way Barack Obama became a
great president plus the sweaters busted
drugs great that's great my ankle
bracelet is ladies and gentlemen
America's dad trigger boy drew Clavin
and this is the Andrew Clavin show
I hope my wife didn't hear that it's
really really funny all right
get cosby on cuz he's got to stay in the
house we've got the husband of mrs.
Knowles will be with us today to talk
about the World Cup sup I'm sorry that's
every time I say that but somehow I just
you know Knowles was over the house and
we were talking about our sponsors
especially dynatrap because I've used
dynatrap in my house dynatrap is a
modern way to catch flies and rid your
domicile of flying insects and I put up
my house and they really did do what it
said it was going to do but we don't get
that many flies but Knowles was telling
me his apartment is littered with them
and this thing just cleaned them right
out and it's really nice because it's
not one of those Oh dynatrap is not one
of those open fly strips that make you
look like you're in a film noir movie
you know the dead flies it's very very
subtle it's a it's got a light that
attracts them in but it it faces the
wall and it doesn't you really don't
even know it's there and then it's easy
to clean out when you want to it really
does change the atmosphere in your house
not to have these annoying insects
flying around but you can visit dynatrap
com that's dy n8 e ra p dot-com and
enter the promo code daily wire and you
get 15% off any of their products this
thing really works Dyna trapped is a
safe silent and simple solution to
household insect control so oh you know
before I get off on the things we we
want to talk about the conversation was
coming up again and we have a special
guest star to tell you all about hey
gang on Tuesday June 19th at 5:30 p.m.
Eastern it's time to tune in for another
episode of the conversation featuring me
mention Pierrot if you're a daily wire
subscriber now's your chance to ask me
all sorts of questions like these what's
your favorite kind of movie the scene
them I think the visuals usually require
you to be in a theater
cuz you are a movie buff do you even
like you think at all I like some of the
soft rock I like Jim Croce I like John
Denver have you ever tasted bacon no
I've never tasted bacon I've heard it's
fantastic as it is it as good as they
say I mean your god it's amazing are you
a fan of any other Chicago team yeah I'm
a Bears fan I'm also a Blackhawks fan
the White Sox only win the World Series
one several hundred years is your wife a
doctor so the rumor is that she is the
conversation will be on Facebook and
YouTube for everyone to watch but only
subscribers will get answers to their
questions that's Tuesday June 19 at 5:30
p.m. Eastern see you then my question is
this if you never eat bacon why do you
need to marry a doctor oh I gotta say
I'm watching the news and I am now
convinced that all news stories are
essentially one news story all new
stories are one news story what is the
story the story is that for eight years
the media dedicated itself to promoting
and protecting Barack Obama and that
changed Obama and that changed the news
media right remember the media was
willing to investigate private citizens
who questioned Obama and brought out his
socialist instincts they supported him
when he lied about his radical agenda
and his deep relationships with the
terrorists Bill Ayers and with Jay the
anti America preacher Jeremiah Wright
they supported all this stuff they
played down scandal after scandal fast
and furious Benghazi the IRS the
persecution of reporters and they
supported unworkable policies like
Obamacare and the Iran deal and Obama
this is the thing this is the the true
narrative is is if you go back and look
at it Obama didn't realize that the
press would be that supine he knew they
supported him he knew they'd be with him
but he did not realize they would
utterly corrupt the institution of
journalism to support him and at first
he made noises about being a moderate
right he didn't support gay marriage and
he would he would talk about illegal
aliens and say I can't do anything about
this because it's against the
Constitution but slowly he realized that
he could actually have acts murdered
Michelle Obama and the kids and the New
York Times would have run a feature
saying this was a fun new way to treat
your family so once they realized that
he got bolder and bolder and bolder he's
dismissed yeah you know he just would
lie like he would dismiss the IRS
corruption he's not a smidgen of
corruption he lied about Benghazi on TV
remember candy crowley I mean let's show
that clip of candy crowley defended him
helped him lie when MIT Romney called
him out can you play that cut took the
president 14 days before he called the
attack in Benghazi an act of terror yep
the transfer he did in fact sir so let
me let me call it an act he did call it
an act of terror it did as well take it
did as well take two weeks or so for the
whole idea of there being a riot out
there about this tape to come out you're
in a debate
debating for Barack Obama an amazing
moment but only really what had been
going on the entire time they were
protecting him and they were protecting
his plan to fundamentally transform
America basically not into like a
communist slave state but into the
European socialist state with it which
we see crumbling I mean if you're paying
attention now our economy has taken off
like a rocket under Donald Trump while
the European economy is continuing to be
mired in Italy they have 30% youth
unemployment in Greek Greece and Spain
they have the same thing and it's run
there's these rumblings of communism of
fascism all these things happening as
England descends into kind of Islamic
Islamic rule on the side Germany the
same thing you know and so Europe is
dying and that's what the press Obama
and the left want for us so every story
is about this every story is about the
fact that the press lied for eight years
that the press abandoned their post for
eight years that they demonized
Mitt Romney they demonized John McCain
they demonized Joe the Plumber they
demonized you Sarah Palin everybody they
didn't just keep this thing in place and
as Obama realized what he could do he
just got more and more corrupt he
corrupted the government more and more
because he knew the press would turn a
blind eye we can also talk on another
day about the fact that as his policies
didn't work rather than admit it he
turned to race baiting but that's
another day let's just talk about what
happened to the press
so now
every story is about covering up what
they did speaking of covering up when
you go on the internet at this point you
should know that they are taking every
piece of information they can get from
you your address your name who you are
and that is why you need Express VP and
I have just added this to my computer I
have got to tell you expressvpn VPN I
had to ask is a virtual privacy network
it protects you while you are surfing
the net night this is not a license to
go out and do bad things like listen to
the Michael Noel's show or anything like
that I don't want you know that's that's
harmful to your health but it does mean
that you can look at what you want to
look at without people taking all your
information no matter what you do online
your mobile carrier and Internet service
provider are tracking it all and
expressvpn cost less than seven bucks a
month it's rated the number one virtual
privacy network serviced by tech radar
and dozens of expert reviewers I put
this thing on it took me like 90 seconds
to get it on it is working on my
computer right now protecting me from
people who want information
take back your internet privacy today
and find out how you can get three
months free go to Express VPN dot-com
slash clayvin that's exp ress VPN
dot-com slash clayvin for three months
free with a one-year package every day
you use the internet without expressvpn
you're putting sensitive information at
risk don't put off that don't put this
off protect your online data with
expressvpn today visit expressvpn
dot-com slash clayvin to learn more I
love the thing it's great and makes me
feel so much safer all right so let's
take a look at the IG report right this
is despite the misleading headlines
right the Inspector General's report
shows intense bias it was in the
inspector general's investigation into
the in FBI investigation into Hillary
Clinton's emails that was the subject
and you have to remember the IG works
for justice he's not this is not a
report for the people this is a report
for justice it's basically an in-house
thing telling him what to do he said we
did not find documentary or testimonial
evidence that improper considerations
including political bias to directly
affected the specific investigative
decisions we reviewed about the FBI's
investigation into Hillary Clinton's
email but all that means is that no one
confessed and no one left a paper trail
the the bias was everywhere but just
look at how the press seized on this
right because every news story is one
news story every news story is to cover
up who the journalists have become
listen to David Brooks selling this
thing the headline to me is that the
institution basically works that the
actual investigations were basically
done without any political bias and
that's worth reminding people that there
is such a thing as a professional civil
service these days when everyone thinks
it's all political and it's all a swamp
it's not a slump those are hardworking
people and they seem to have been
basically doing their job there have
been a couple of demerits on that one
the few emails that were where people
within the FBI were clearly had were
motivated by a trump bias that is utter
crap that mean that is like crap of the
purest ray serene it really is I mean I
I don't understand how David Brooks can
sit there and look at a camera and use
his position to sell that garbage but
that is essentially what they all did on
the left under the entire mainstream
media several agents in top positions on
both the Hillary Clinton investigation
and the Russian collusion investigation
had expressed toxic hatred of Donald
Trump saying they couldn't understand
why anybody did they said all Trump
supporters were quote poor to middle
class on aging uneducated lazy POS and
we all knows what that means the entire
investigation took place under the
assumption that Hillary would not be
prosecuted and that investigators were
just going through the motions they all
said this James Cook you know remember
James Comey who got like they cleaned
his clock in this report they called him
in supporting it but they were talking
about his decision to announce he's the
conclusions of the report without going
to the DOJ well why did he do that he
told them I did that to create a sense
of justice more broadly in the country
that things are fair not fixed why would
he have to do that why would he have to
reassure the country that things were
fair not fixed if it weren't for the
fact that he knew the DOJ had was it was
in fact it was fixed they weren't going
to prosecute and the agents were saying
things like this is a lot of work and BS
for a political exercise no one at DOJ
is going to prosecute these are quotes
from the inspector general's report and
at one point Lisa Paige we all know the
or more of Peter struck at this point
she's a top FBI official and she said
she told people when they're going into
question Hillary Clinton right she might
be our next president so the last thing
you need is us going in there loaded for
bear in other words take it easy because
no one's gonna convict this woman so
here's here's the thing about this what
gets me about this is not what it says
about the investigation it's what it
says about the people right this minute
at the DOJ the leadership at the DOJ
when they sent you know there's this
amazing text the most the most
mind-boggling text is Lisa Paige texts
who her adulterous lover and I said I
like the fact they said we used we used
work phones to send these texts because
we didn't want our wives and our spouses
to catch us cheating it's when other
words they're cheating on the
investigation but they're also cheating
from their spouses so they have to hide
all their cheating from everybody so
Paige Trump texts struck Trump's never
going to become precedent right right
and struck responds this is remember top
investigator on the in the Hillary email
thing and the Russian collusion thing
struck says no no he won't become
president we will stop it and the
Inspector General says this is not only
indicative of a bias state of mind but
even more seriously implies a
willingness to take official action to
impact the presidential candidates
electoral prospects what's important
about this what's important about this
is not the high state of corruption in
Obama's DOJ and FBI what's important is
when they sent these texts to Congress
when Congress finally tore these tacks
out of the clenched fists of the DOJ
they redacted Struck's response and that
tells you that right this minute right
now is we are sitting here the FBI is
protecting itself Christopher Ray the
new the new director of the FBI came out
and he said nothing in this report
impugns the integrity of our workforce
as a whole or the FBI as an institution
like hell it doesn't it really does and
you know trait trey Gowdy who has been
all about like let Muller do his work
and let Muller you know we're gonna
trust Muller on all this he is livid and
they are saying that we will impeach rod
Rosenstein if he does not
and over these documents they had a
meeting Friday night Congress never
works on Friday night where they went in
and said listen buddy this is it send us
these documents and trey Gowdy talks
about the fact the other important thing
about the IG is that it it impugns the
Muller report pipe through no fault of
Mahler's it just means all his witnesses
are now no good here's here is here's
trey Gowdy talking about that trey Gowdy
a former prosecutor cut number ten I
don't know what Muller has I do know
this that bias is so pervasive and
everyone who's ever stood in front of
the jury and had to explain it away will
tell you it is the most miserable
feeling of the war in the world and I
have never seen this level of bias so
you have Peter struck who can't think of
a single American who can vote for
Donald Trump and you got Peter struck
who says we'll stop it the campaign and
the presidency will stop the campaign
and then if that doesn't work the day
after the election he's talking about
impeachment so how would you like that
to be your lead investigator two weeks
after you're assigned to look into what
a foreign country did to us the only
thing he can think to talk about is an
insurance policy to keep Donald Trump
from winning and then he says we'll stop
it I assumed the we is the FBI so how
would you like if you're Bob Mahler to
present that case to a jury so when I
say every news story is one news story
and it's all about the press covering up
its abandonment of its duties in order
to sell the fundamental transformation
of America to us and the person of
Barack Obama when we're talking about
the border now and there's a sudden
hysteria
about children being separated from
their parents at the border we are
simply talking about covering up this
covering up the good economy covering up
the fact that Donald Trump has made some
leeway you know some headway with Kim
jong-un in North Korea we don't know how
that's gonna work out but he made some
headway with them it is all about
covering that up and covering up the
fact that the IRS the State Department
and the now we know the Justice
Department were all corrupted and turned
into an urban Democrat machine
a Chicago politician Obama and every
story is about that listen to the way
listen to the way the press talked to
Sarah Sanders I'll explain what's going
on at the border all right let me let me
explain this from the top all right the
Trump administration has not changed any
policies or any rules about the about
the border in terms of separating
children from imprisoned parents there
is a rule that they all that was went
into effect in the 90s I believe it was
that said you cannot incarcerate
children with their parents the only
difference is is at first a lot of the
people coming over the border were all
men but recently they have become last
ten years or so this before Trump
they've become families and so as the
families are coming over and people are
being arrested for breaking our laws the
law says you cannot put the children in
prison with the they're arrested family
so the only way to do this would be to
let the family and the let the whole
family walk free and if you do that
you'll never see them again so in other
words what the press is now mobilizing
for in part of the fundamental
transformation of America that they want
to continue is letting everybody in free
they are not concerned about these
children who were in fact the same
policy was in place during the Obama
administration and Hillary Clinton
herself said that this is what you have
to do here is a what's her name
Christiane Amanpour journalist talking
to Hillary Clinton about this and trying
to get her to say what do we do with
these immigrant kids to cut 13 should
they be able to stay here safer it may
be safer but that's not the answer I do
not should they be sent back that well
first of all we have to provide the best
emergency care we can provide we have
children five and six years old who have
come up from Central America we need to
do more to provide border security and
so there's Mexico they should be sent
back now well they should be sent back
as soon as it can be determined who
responsible adults and their families
are because there are concerns about
whether all of them can be sent back but
I think all of them who can be should be
reunited with their families and just as
Vice President Biden is arguing
today in Central America we've got to do
more I started this when I was secretary
to deal with the violence in this region
to deal with border security but we have
to send a clear message just because
your child gets across the border that
doesn't mean that child gets to stay so
we don't want to send a message that is
contrary to our laws or will encourage
more children to make that dangerous
journey this is Hillary Clinton who
hasn't figured out that what the press
wants or else she'd give it to them
which is they want an open border so
that they can transform our country like
Germany has been transformed like
England has been transformed that's what
they want that is what they're doing
every story is the same story it's all
about how can the press get to the place
that they wanted Obama to get to but
Obama didn't figure out later soon
enough
that he could do anything he wanted in
the press wouldn't stop him here is
Henry Cuellar a Texas congressman
Democrat a Democrat talking about the
fact that the same thing was going on
the same policy was in place during the
Obama administration we know this
because when when the left was first
tweeting out pictures of children in
cages they were actually pictures from
2014 so we know that this whole thing is
a scam
I'm not saying listen I'm not saying
they shouldn't fix the policy of course
they should fix the policy that's a
legislative matter not a trump matter
but but here is Henry Cuellar talking
about the fact that this was covered up
Democrat talking about the fact this was
covered up under Obama there was
according to the Washington Post
reporting you know a surging number of
unaccompanied minors being apprehended
at the border in 2014 there were nearly
70,000 according to the Post reporting
and that same year there was this viral
image of children being kept in a cage
at a detention center do you see any
parallels here how different is what
we're seeing today from these images in
many ways that I think I was I don't
know what image you're using but I
released some of those photos because it
was kept very quiet under the Obama
administration there were large numbers
of people coming in the Obama
administration was trying to keep this
quiet and I don't know which amateur
using but I let I release some photos
that I had done about those young kids
who were kept there and we still see in
a numbers so let's just compare
the way the media has questioned that
presidential spokesman on this as
opposed to the way they did under the
Obama administration here's cut number
16 of Sarah Sanders being abused by our
completely dishonest that is shameful I
mean if we don't have a country that is
run by the law then the country is
simply run by men is run by what people
think is good at that moment and who
would be in charge of that oh it would
be Donald Trump do they want that no of
course they don't let me let's just
compare that to the way the press
treated Obama who was doing exactly the
same thing exactly the same policies
just take a look at cut number two here
people in the mainstream media have been
accused of being afraid to speak truth
to power and I've got I've got some
truth to power here I am I've been
observing yeah your dog looks like he's
out of control
yeah so that's what Obama is thinking
right now as he watches the the media
covering up for him he's thinking this
you know I just want to remind you
before we go to Michael Noel's and talk
about the World Cup song I'm sorry I did
it does lovely before we go to Noel's
and talk about whatever it was I
forgotten now what I was even talking
about I just want to remind you it is
three years I think it's three years
today or yesterday that Trump announced
his candidacy I want to play this
montage of the press reaction to this I
am officially running for president of
the United
there are no words how do you even have
a straight face right now there are no
words to describe what just happened ed
Rendell do you have any doubt that this
is anything more than a carnival show
and you watch that speech today we all
laugh about it and I'm sitting here
laughing out loud you know yep you know
for for the entire you know front part
of the show here's we're talking about
it I mean it was a rambling a rambling
mess of a speech that said it was very
entertaining I was howling howling he's
got guns of money he's got a lot of
recognition and he just became the 12th
presidential candidate for the
Republican Party is it typical Donald
Trump fashioned or is it hilarity run
amuck this morning some Republicans say
they're worried Trump will turn the
campaign into a circus party leaders
worry
Trump's presence will turn the primary
into a joke America's largest Latino
civil rights organization called Trump
and exceedingly silly man Donald Trump
is a fool hell froze over and now we're
stuck in the ice with Donald Trump Chuck
you and I have seen this public dance
from Trump before I guess the question
is is this candidacy for real will it be
significant it's like I can't I can't
tell if this is politics or if this is
just PR from a celebrity for the
national press corps and other elites
Donald Trump's campaign is a pure vanity
exercise and a target ripe for outright
mockery or low-level derision on the one
hand he's a late night Jeff an hour the
most beautifully ridiculous
jibber-jabber on the other
he's the proverbial skunk at the garden
party all right I just wanted you to
hear that last line especially he is the
skunk at the garden party whose garden
party do you think that is who whose
garden party it's the elites it's the
press
he's the skunk at the garden party it
happened to be a garden party full of
skunks but he didn't mention that that
when I say every news story is one story
that's the story somebody broke up the
garden party that was moving so smoothly
toward a European vision of the Dead
West all right we got Michael Knowles
coming up I got to say goodbye to
Facebook and YouTube if you come on over
to the daily wired
komm for crying out loud for a lousy 10
bucks a month you can watch the entire
show on the site you can ask questions
of Ben tomorrow on the conversation you
can have questions in the mailbag where
you get the real answers right because
they come to me and just enjoy a lot of
things if you uh if you subscribe for a
year for a lousy hundred bucks you get
the leftist tears tumblr magically fills
up every time I speak Michel moles
coming up alright Noel's you there I'm
here I have to thank you for this
assignment because usually when I have
to cover something terrible such as say
the world cup yeah you make me watch it
but this assignment explicitly focuses
on why nobody is watching the world cup
no waiting myself no one can watch the
world I mean I I have to say I lived in
your I lived in England for seven years
and I missed sports terribly so I would
try to watch what they would caught with
a hilariously called football right and
wait I'm sorry I forgot what I was
talking about oh yeah I'm sorry talking
about and I even one year dedicated
myself to watching World Cup you know it
you just can't you can't watch it first
of all nobody uses his hands God gave
you you know why God gave you hands to
throw balls with that's the whole point
but God made balls he made hands and
that you know this is the whole point at
least in hockey you know like you're
using your feet a lot you're kind of you
know skating and everything but at least
then you can rip the gloves off and
start punching people exactly exact
requirements or donación I soccer the
soccer thing is just one of those
experiences we have in our virtue
signaling culture where everyone has to
talk about it to prove they're a good
person but not a soul is watching it
yeah nobody's watching it right tell me
nobody I got to tell you the good news
because I was a little nervous when I
dug into these numbers I thought maybe
it really is getting popular all I do is
watch CNN what do I know
turns out nobody is watching the World
Cup World Cup ratings are down a full
50% in early metrics over 2014 but
that's only because it's
boring right that's what you would
expect by the way is that people would
turn it on to prove that they're a good
person who likes Europe and you know
lamb-lamb way and then just fall asleep
and sleep for an hour or two and then
wake up but they would still get the
ratings even that is not happening so
that year you know in 2014 that was the
big highlight year it happened in Brazil
people were finally pretending to watch
what's important to notice here is that
the ratings on ESPN were significantly
lower than the ratings on Univision that
tells you a lot of the story this is
obviously just a looking toward Latin
America and toward Europe trying to
pretend like we would rather be like the
rest of the world instead of like
America by the way Fox News is posting a
61% drop over what ESPN had in 2014 so
you've got Fox a network posting a 61%
drop over that big year there was there
was some rebound on the second day of
the World Cup this year so what the fake
news media are trying to tell you is oh
that was just a weird glitch but now
it's all coming back not true if your
ratings drop 60% over its high and then
they rebound 50% that is a very modest
rebound for the second day now part of
the reason by the way why the US isn't
watching is because we're not in this
tournament so yeah you know the reason
we're not in the World Cup this year is
that the United States I don't even know
if I can say this we lost to Trinidad
and Tobago well that just means that
just means our best athletes are going
into other sports right yeah it's true
yeah and the grade schoolers who are
playing a major league soccer or they
lost a trinidad and tobago no this is
this is true though when you have in in
the arts when poetry was the big thing
all the great writers became poets when
novels were the big thing they were they
became novelist now TV all the good
writers are going into TV nobody is
gonna go into the sport of soccer
because nobody watches no American
athlete he's gonna go into the sport of
soccer unless you can't get into
anything else because nobody watches I'm
not the most athletic guy in the world
but if I were going to go into a sport I
would be more likely to put on my Rachel
Maddow glass
play a WNBA before I would play in Major
League Soccer
hey and you you have been having the
god-king I I don't know why the god-king
should go grace your show and there you
know you know I I can't a man of those
things like you feel sad for those like
Jesus feel sad for the poor and it
condescends to come on
but jeremy boring has been coming on
your show talking about this and the
fact that would we get beaten by tebah
go to Trinidad and to Bob I but that
actually tells you something about the
sport doesn't it tells you that it is
not a reflection of national skill or
national talent or anything of course it
does it what it what it really is is a
large propaganda effort that has been
going on for years they're begging
Americans to watch soccer and it's
interesting I looked at all of these
articles about it
Bleacher Report put up one five reasons
why Americans should like soccer
fatherly calm sports dads should be
watching soccer with their soccer
playing kids real clear sports top ten
reasons to watch soccer instead of
football the Alabama newspaper al.com
here are five reasons why you should be
watching World Cup soccer Fox 5 four
reasons why Americans should care about
the 2018 World Cup if you need to
convince somebody it's probably not the
most engaging X for it and they're
making a moral argument aren't they
they're not making the argument that
this thing is so great that gives come
on they're making the argument there's
something wrong with us we're not liking
this that's right and no I don't see
articles popping up on ESPN you have to
watch Major League Baseball top ten
reasons why you should I get into
football because people like those
sports so they're gonna watch it unless
Colin Kapernick starts spitting on the
American flag but people even then some
people will still watch like they're
making these moral arguments and
breaking muscle calm a website that I
have just discovered that you imagine
not in my bookmarks q breaking muscle
calm actually is pretty honest about
this they say that you're the three
reasons Americans should love soccer and
the three reasons they don't the three
reasons they should love soccer
I kid you not they list athleticism
strategy and fan enthusiasm
the three hallmarks of any sport right
the dead is the definition of a
professional it is a sport and of course
it isn't terribly athletic you know they
fall on the ground and pretend it hurts
there isn't much strategy a ball bounces
back and forth and they just run around
randomly and fan enthusiasm you're
admitting there's no fan in thew Zee
Azzam so clearly you know you're
undercutting your own argument but
they're very honest in the reasons why
they don't and the three reasons are
speak to the anti-americanism of soccer
the first is how they take dives so you
know what soccer people do when people
play soccer at the age of three and they
skinned their knee they're genuinely
crying and they really hurt cuz they're
little toddlers when they do it at the
age of thirty they're pretending right
so they fall and they say oh my gosh
that's the way bring out all the
paramedics because they you know stuck
there do they do this in basketball a
little bit and I hate it I just like you
know take the hit and keep going well
the reason they do it is it's cheating
they want it really is getting they want
to penalties to be incurred by the other
side because the the ability to win this
game is basically non-existent it's it's
mostly random there's a ton of power in
the referees here so you have penalty
goals right penalty goals 85% of the
time penalty kicks just means a goal
there's when you kick a penalty you're
almost certainly going to score that
goal in games can be decided one to zero
so you know like Europe but unlike
America there is so much power in the
hands of unelected unaccountable
referees with nothing to do with the
people playing the sport and and finally
soccer and breaking muscle calm admits
this ends in Thai is a lot of the time
and America doesn't like Thais who likes
times we have been so upset about that
tie on the Korean Peninsula seventy
years ago
the Donald Trump is staking his
residency on breaking up I mean who
really goes to a game to see people not
win or lose I mean that is not why you
go to the game well you know what you
would expect right is that what you have
is the soccer players they come out and
I don't know they usually sit down and
have a nice little tea set before and
there's a good show chap yes yes well we
can all we're all winners
your participation trophy but when we
play sports the reason we play sports is
to vent some aggression have a little
bit of tribalism you know show who's the
best exactly yes and when you don't have
that tie then what happens there when
you have a tie or when you have a boring
game that doesn't involve a lot of
aggression or a lot of tribalism is you
have fans creating all of the aggression
so you have the soccer hooligans in the
UK and you have Mexico soccer fans a
creating man-made earthquakes over the
weekend because of the soccer game is it
true that is true there was you couldn't
really feel it but seismologists
measured a two of two level earthquake
it after the soccer game because the
fans were stampeding because they needed
a little athleticism
oversleeping for so many hours they
needed to get up and stretch their legs
it is true that if these teams are not
going to beat each other if they're not
gonna win it makes incredible
frustration and the fact that the ball
moves back and forth across that field
for but it's like an hour I guess yeah
it moves back and forth of course I
thought it never goes in the damn goal I
mean that would drive anybody insane
until the referee decides until the
unelected EU bureaucratic soon besides
that someone is going to score a goal or
not it makes you go cross-eyed you go
there there there there there you know
the other thing about this underneath
all this is is an attack on American
exceptionalism its attack on the idea
that Americans should be different
America should be different from the
history of the world the rest of the
world which leads me to ask the question
have any of these journalists read the
history of the world do they know how
bad it has been until we got here I mean
really this this last few years of
America has been the best the history of
the world has ever been because of us
because of us you know it it's like all
we get from Europe for 2,000 years was
murder and mayhem and bloodshed and we
finally crushed them we finally managed
to destroy them and now it's been
peaceful but it's pretty faithful you
know I got occasional Muslim blowing
something up and aside from me I just
think they're completely out of their
mind by the way Iran has a soccer team
in the World Cup but that's neither here
nor there that's it that's a cheap shot
as are all shots shots in soccer the the
problem here is that it's all about this
reflect
of anti-americanism yeah there's not
much logic to it well you know you even
the people promoting soccer admit that
the logic of the sport is a little weak
it's a you know and not quite American
but there's no logic they just say well
the world is doing it everyone else is
doing it right exactly so we should
because we're bad in there where the
baddie is and they're the good one yeah
they should leave their offices and
visit the rest of the world they'll know
why we want to be exceptional what so
what's on your show today so today today
we've actually got because we haven't
covered this enough we have the god-king
of The Daily wire we have we do have the
Daily wire to sports correspond to
Jeremy boring coming on the show to
discuss soccer we're also going to be
talking about zero tolerance this is
going to be my the new zero tolerance
policy we're going to be separating fake
Republicans from their party and I'm
going to be analyzing that through the
ages it should be so much more fun than
the World Cup okay well that's not
saying much but thanks a lot Knowles
I'll see you later see drew all right
our crappy culture so I'm sure that
you've probably noticed the marches
taking place today in your homes for gun
control after the mass shooting that
took place over the weekend oh wait
there are none there are none and yet
and if you watch TV unless you're
watching Fox which did play something
about it today they are not covering one
of the worst mass shootings of 2018 of
this year right I'm reading this from
Josh Shaw at hot air in the pre-dawn
hours yesterday the nation experienced
yet another mass shooting one dead 22
injured including a thirteen-year-old
boy it took place at the crowded art all
night Trenton Festival in New Jersey a
couple of cable news outlets mention the
shooting their coverage yesterday and
this morning the New York Times wrote a
lengthy article but buried it on page
a17
The Associated Press took a fairly deep
dive on it but you need to search around
a bit on the website to find it
obviously what is the problem there can
only be two things right either it was
committed by a Muslim which I think
would make the news they wouldn't be
able to cover that up it's because it
was a black gang gunmen opened fired and
all night arts and music festival or
Sunday morning sending people running
over each other in the scramble to
safety authorities said one suspect was
killed 22 people 22 people injured
it's a miracle more people weren't
killed the way from the films that I
watched the guns gunplay the bullets are
flying everywhere around this is being
censored because of the narrative right
it's the it's it makes I don't know what
they're gonna say make black gangsters
look bad because we know that gangsters
are have the spark of deity or whatever
the hell Nancy Pelosi says they have so
they're just not gonna report it it's
not a problem if black people are being
shot and wounded is is not a problem
that you need to take to the streets
it's only when they can get some kind of
they can get it your Second Amendment
rights because all new stories are one
story let's transform America into the
rest of the world so it can be just as
crappy as the rest of the world is this
censorship is being mirrored on YouTube
when it comes to Islam you know there
are so many voices of Islamic moderation
that are attacking Islamism and they are
being censored on YouTube those voices
is moderate Islamic voices are being
censored ayaan Hirsi Ali was no longer a
Muslim but she's an anti Islam as
campaigner who was a Muslim and she's a
woman's rights activist she's being
censored chram Daraa a prominent
American Muslim author obviously Prager
you which is not a Muslim but has has
attacked radical Islam by censoring
these people YouTube and the rest of our
friends in Silicon Valley are
essentially giving quarter to the worst
of Islamic culture they are giving
quarter to those Islamic people who feel
that this is got a violently take over
the world there's got to be a violent
attack on America and on the west that
in order to worship Allah they've got to
kill people they've got to destroy any
culture that doesn't support them those
voices are the only voices left if you
silence the other so in other words the
left is doing what it always does it's
getting the opposite results of what it
is supposed to want by silencing the
voices that say hey there is a problem
in black culture in black neighborhoods
by silencing the voices that say there's
a problem as in Islamic culture there
giving a free rein to the worst people
in those cultures the worst people in
those neighborhoods and the reason is
they want to they won't abandon the
narrative the minority communities and
the Islamic community are abandoned by
the left because otherwise they would
have to change their narrative that all
evil is due to white oppression instead
of arising out of philosophies that are
native to the culture philosophies that
are native to Islamic culture that are
destroying their culture I'm attacking
ours philosophies and practices and
ideas that are prevalent in poor black
neighborhoods that have been supported
by liberal democratic policies they've
been supported by those policies but
they are endemic to those cultures in
those neighborhoods and they don't want
to change that narrative they would
rather that black people get shot they
would rather Islamics blow things up
including themselves then change their
minds and change their narrative I got
to say goodbye but that's it we will be
back tomorrow with more stuff until then
I am Andrew Clavin this is the Andrew
Clavin show and we will see you tomorrow
the Andrew Clavin show is produced by
Robert Sterling executive producer
Jeremy boring senior producer Jonathan
hey our supervising producer is Mathis
Glover and our technical producer is
Austin Stevens edited by Emily Jai audio
is mixed by Mike Corr Mina hair and
makeup is by Joshua alvera the Andrew
Klavan show is a daily wire for word
publishing production copyright for word
publishing 2018
