we're live hey everybody we're bringing
you the best the brightest and also
Michael Knowles live streaming here on
both Facebook and YouTube this is our
first gathering since uh
State of Union yeah and that was a party
so they didn't let us do it again for
about three or four months now we're
having to be sitting down again with you
tonight
I'm Jeremy boring god king of the daily
wire that's lowercase G lowercase K any
actual gods or kings are registered
complain like if there's treason and
blasphemy all at once I feel like the
penalties project that's gonna be the
title of this show I think it's treason
and blast God king of the day the wire
joined by Ben Shapiro Andrew Clavin
Michael Knowles we have special guests
tonight our friend Alfonzo Rachel's
gonna join us and international film and
television star also I don't know if you
guys have heard this Peabody
award-winning no I how do we get Nick
seriously will be joining us later this
evening
and we're here because Father's Day is
coming up this weekend and while only
fifty percent of us are father's 100
percent of us have fathers and mostly we
brought the cigar so we're gonna be
talking about what it's like to be a
father what it's like to appreciate
father's what it's like to be a man I
think it'll expand beyond fatherhood
obviously and into general male-female
issues because you know we're in the
middle this me to movement and as they
tell us the future is female and it
seems like that's a lot to unpack and
may be a pretty good time so here's the
part where you guys be quiet in the to
father saw tell you I have no known
children but it's a very big studly how
did he get in the building he does
anyone watch it he does not wear this to
work yeah he actually changed its once
he's here there's anything it's an awful
place to work so okay so what do you
talk about well let's talk about fathers
you are one indeed what's that
bring it to me before we get into
fathers we do have one not only non
father but not even prospective father
also part of the show tonight and that's
our friend Alicia Krause don't use
gender labels oh hi you guys are liking
this really nice Upper East Side looking
cigar lounge
I'm just doing my version of moms night
out which is Red Bull vodka and a babe
have fun I'll be here just like I was
the State of the Union taking subscriber
questions for all of y'all and I like
the idea of broadening this to like
manhood because god this world needs
more men and instead they'll have to
make do with us all right
fathers it's a very serious topic very
serious very serious nothing like my own
father who would be ashamed if you were
watching this fortunately he's working
for a living and not tuning into the
shows but I think that one of the things
that actually has always been
interesting to me about this particular
group is that we have pretty diverse
backgrounds you know drew you write a
lot about your father in your book the
good great and the great good thing and
and of course Ben we know your father
very well and I've done a lot of work
with him over the years
Michael your father who we just got to
meet this weekend at the I don't know
what how do you talk without using the
word there should've been a father
shaped all in the world that's true oh
yeah you met him this weekend at when I
took my biggest step I've ever taken to
becoming a man that's the only
contribution really and then my father
who I think of all of you yes a great
guy out in West Texas and so we we have
these diverse backgrounds and I'm sure
diverse perspectives on these issues and
yet we've all kind of come to a very
similar place one of the things this is
my surprise the audience that we talk a
lot about these issues when we're not
talking about politics and we really
because we talk about politics
professionally our hobby is not also
talking about politics so this is some
of I think fertile ground for what our
conversations are actually like and
that's why we're calling the show I
don't know if you guys got the memo we
named it the show so previously the show
was just called like State of the Union
coverage at a roundtable involving four
guys and cigars it really wasn't much of
a much of a title and now we've named it
the Daily wire backstage wow it's pretty
good anyway you smoke and drink in your
office you can call it whatever you want
this is the greatest job ever recommend
page just welcome to sit around talk and
the people paying us are actually
probably hoping for a shout out now
Dollar Shave Club Oh Dollar Shave Club
so if you don't want to look like
Knowles
if you actually make something of your
life if you want to you know have the
best products available if you want to
have all of the best stuff I mean we are
talking here the shampoo the conditioner
the body
wash the toothpaste the hair Jo and even
that wipe that leaves your ass feeling
tingling then you absolutely need to
shop with Dollar Shave Club true yes you
don't look like Knowles glory to Dollar
Shave I was a member of Dollar Shave
Club before I we the daily wire even
existed I loved it to death I do because
you know I start shaving on Thursday to
come in on Monday that's a lot of real
estate to shave and they have great
blades they come in the mail every month
they come with all those you can put
those things in the box and just order
them right up you get the full kit and I
use the whole at the whole deal I take
their premium blades
I started out cheap with the double
blade I got to the premium blade the
premium blade is great because you start
it's got so many blades in it if we
start dragging it over your hair about
five o'clock and by 5:30 you've kind of
made it and it works I mean it's like
you know so my wife is a big fan of the
amber the calming body cleanser because
as you can tell I'm just a calm guy
exactly right the other day my wife said
you smell great what is it that you're
using and I said well it's that cleanser
and it's that magical calming body
cleanser because it definitely was not
my natural oh that's my wife offered
ordered up the ass wipes and she suspend
like moving right along that's right
there daily essential starter said it
comes with body cleanser one wipe
Charlies those are the incredible ass
wipes they get rid of their right and
their world-famous shea butter their
best razor the six blade executive keep
the blades coming for a few bucks more
every month and you add in the shampoo
toothpaste or anything else that you
need for the bathroom you can check it
all out at dollarshaveclub.com slash Ben
that's dollarshaveclub.com slash Ben you
get that special deal with the daily
essential starter set it's all awesome
stuff dollarshaveclub.com slash Ben go
check it out great thing to get your dad
for Father's Day so my dad was actually
like a stay-at-home dad basically so he
was a musician who wrote for some film
and TV but he stayed home a lot more of
my mom my mom was the one who actually
was working outside the house a lot more
which means that I'm extraordinarily
tight with my dad I know your dad was it
was a radio host he was a big shot radio
host in New York kinda before there were
national radio hosts like Rush
you know people who would actually there
was some syndication but mostly were a
local guy but New York was the biggest
market and he was the biggest guy with
the old John gambling the two of them
traded off the number one spot for 25
years and he went to I gotta say the one
thing that was really cool about my old
man is he went to work at 3 o'clock in
the morning every day and he treated it
like a job we hardly knew he was in show
business I mean one of the reasons I
became a writer is cuz I thought the
arts were something you could do I
thought it was like a job you doctor
lawyer writer if I had known how hard he
was working I probably would have been a
little nicer to him not much just
briefly on your dad it's hard for us to
probably relate now that because of
things like syndication and because
everything sort of national even cable
makes television national but the idea
of a local radio host is such an
intimate celebrity you know and and as
you say in New York and the biggest Tami
your dad wasn't just in show biz he was
a giant we are we called him the mayor
of 46 Street because you would literally
walk down certain streets in Manhattan
and people would lean out of buildings
to wave to him everybody knew who he was
I mean that for for many many years when
I would use a credit card or somebody
the first thing somebody would say is oh
you must be you know Clavin and Finch
that he worked with a partner and so he
really was a local celebrity nobody knew
him outside of New York but the first
first job I ever got was in radio not
the first job I ever got but the first
adult job I got was in radio I went in
and did the worst audition of my life
looked up and saw a promotional card
from My Father and blurted out that's my
dad when your dad wasn't beating you
like a redheaded stepchild so my dad so
unlike us you know we sit around spread
fake news for a living you know my dad
works with the mentally retarded so it's
kind of like Social Work you know and it
was interesting because my parents
divorced when I was very little before I
really was conscious or anything but I
didn't realize that divorce is terrible
because I saw my dad every day he was
right nearby picked me up from school
you know so I'd see him every single day
and it was a unique experience because
only later did I realize looking at
statistics looking what divorce
really usually means for people I didn't
realize I had that experience you know I
got to see him every day he go to work
very early be out basically in time to
pick me up from school and yeah but it's
a totally different you know it's such a
totally different career field your
father was a writer your father is a
broadcaster you know you fell into that
broad genre and I'm you know my father
working with these this poor community
and doing all this good work and I just
did exactly the opposite for so many
people responsibility I do it I weep
about it perfectly every day and your
dad what is it my dad's an engineer for
the railroad and you know that's a guy
who drives the train so he's a
locomotive engineer and he you know your
dad's the coolest that's that's a tough
job you know people may not know
railroaders are on 24-hour call so you
know my my childhood was sort of this
weird not knowing when you would see
your dad even though he and my mom
happily married to this day yeah he
would you know sometimes he'd get called
at 2:00 in the morning and be gone for
maybe three days and sleep in the hotel
and then he'd get back at 6:00 in the
afternoon he may not go to work again
for 24 hours or he may go to work again
12 hours later and so there was you know
especially early on when he had less
seniority in the career and could maybe
pick as his runs a little less you know
he would be kind of gone from certain
important of them since he's you know as
his as his career sort of took shape he
had a lot more flexibility I think my
little sister and my little brother
probably got a lot more of them in some
ways and I did but that's not a it's not
exactly a complaint what I actually feel
like is you know my mom and dad I got
pregnant very young and my dad basically
had to make a decision to keep being a
kid or to be a father and he took the
best job that he could find as a guy in
a small town you know without a college
education he hired onto this difficult
job that isn't hard in the way of manual
labor I mean it's not like he's you know
busting moving breaking they're digging
ditches but that has this other kind of
isolating difficulty of always being
tired working nights and days and nights
and days
and being away from your family and and
I I feel like from the the guy that I
know is the product in many ways of
those hard and isolating years where he
kind of found himself out on the road
and so I'm I've always been very
appreciative of it
so what okay so since Father's Day is
coming up what's the best one lesson
that your dad's taught you like yet boil
it down to one lesson I taught you well
what's the lesson that your dad taught
yeah I you know my dad and I didn't get
along that well we have very different
points of view and there's one piece of
advice he gave me which I simply can't
say on the air it's so fun I can
translate it I can translate it into
speakable English which was when when I
I became a man a young man in the 60s
when suddenly sex was available so we
went from literally one year I would
have said oh you never have sex until
you get married
to two years later everybody was
available and I said how I put this he
basically about I think I translated
this he said basically just remember
every vagina comes with a human being
attached about anything it turns out to
be exactly true yeah that's pretty good
pretty amazing you know I think the the
best advice I got for I couldn't sum it
up into a line but I do kind of get it
from my father's dispositional
conservatism and that's a different
thing than like you know I don't know
voting for Trump or low taxes or
whatever that dispositional conservatism
of you know when I had tough times or my
family had tough times he would just do
what he had to do yeah and wasn't
Pleasant and it was costly and difficult
he would just do it and wouldn't talk
about it and wasn't a bit and just kind
of do it you know and when there would
be social questions obviously we live in
this kind of crazy social moment where
you know I I think I now legally have to
use the girls room when I go to but
there was this kind of sense of the
tradition this kind of sense of the this
is normal it's a good thing to go to
church it's a good thing to do that's a
good that I you know I think I see it
being lost because I look at my friends
I see I even look at my friend's parents
and that kind of conservatism is I'll
even let you vote
for a Democrat if you have that I think
that's a really important thing I can
really relate to that because my dad was
that it is and disciplines a
dispensation the dispositions yes yeah
not dispensation at all that was the
more religious that conservative you
know he was a union Democrat for most of
my childhood because he works for the
railroad you know but was always very
very conservative in terms of his values
and really even in in a term in terms of
his politics and and pass that along to
me and also just the selfishness
selflessness to be able to always do the
thing that he didn't want to do but that
needed doing which I I feel like is not
only lost from the culture but I'll say
it's even lost from me personally I am
NOT selfless in the way that my father
was selfless and so I should give him
credit for that very thing as being his
greatest advice but he did articulate
advice from time to time never quite as
good as the advice that he tried to live
out but a lot more funny so I was at a
blockbuster video which if you recall
blockbuster videos from your YouTube
people used to go and rent Michael never
go and rent DVDs or VHS tapes and they
would take them home and put them in a
machine and you could watch was that in
the old timey days when everything and
we were in a Blockbuster Video in
Lubbock the kind of big city in near the
small town that I'm from and my dad and
I are you know looking to see what we're
gonna get or whatever and this guy comes
in and back then there were late fees
that's the other thing you had late fees
and what that is is a fee for being late
okay yeah so guys up at the front he
wants to rent something new and the
little 16 year old girl or whatever run
in the counter can't help him because
you can't rent something when you have
late fees and she's like sir I'm sorry
you know the system says you owe us 1350
and you know I'd be happy to process
that payment if you want to make it easy
this is an outrage right I mean I don't
have 1350 I'm here to rent splash to or
whatever it was
how dare you you don't want to talk to
your manager and you know the girl
starts to get very upset she's quite
young you know this is a grown man he's
being very aggressive if she starts to
kind of get flustered in the little
teary and her voice is breaking and he
just is relentless I actually believe
she eventually let him just rent the DVD
and my father I remember this like it
was yesterday turns to me and he says
son never be an asshole over 13:50 stood
me well so for me they were a couple so
one was that when I was in junior high I
had already skipped third grade and went
to junior high I went to a highly gifted
magnets he had take an IQ test to get
into this magnet school and I got in but
I was certainly not the person with the
highest IQ there there are people who
there was a girl there who had I
remember a 180 IQ and can you even talk
at that this is the part that was
actually kind of funny so I I you know
my dad basically said to me at that time
that most of the time you're not going
to be the smartest person in the room
now that's an exception here which means
really have to work extraordinarily hard
and the payoff to that story is that at
the girl with the 180 IQ now teaches Jim
it like Michigan State or something
because and virtually everybody in the
class you had a higher IQ than mine
ended up you know doing stuff that was
probably less lucrative than the stuff
that we do for a living so that was that
was piece of advice number one which is
that your natural gifts only take you a
certain amount of the way that was
that's something my fourth-grade teacher
also told me she was she was she gave me
a very dark piece of advice for a fourth
grader she said don't let potential be
written on your tombstone which was
really good but let me on your old Ben
said he that he always said was that
never start a fight but the end if I
finish it
which I have a feeling all of us
probably heard from our yes yes that's
my dad actually did tell me one time I
was being picked on by this kid at the
at that we'd go to the high school
basketball games gonna from a small town
and there's nothing literally nothing
else to do except watch girls basketball
so the whole family's at the ball game
and I don't know I'm probably like 11
and
highschool kid would bully me anytime
that I was a at the gym it's how my dad
kind of caught wind of this and I don't
think he understood the Aged dynamics at
play but he just who someone was
bullying me and he said son you stand up
for yourself you know if you if you hit
the bully back they go away you usually
don't even have to hit the bully back if
they say they're gonna punch you just
look them in the eye and say fine then
punch me get it over with like just we
need to live you know you just have to
be a man so you know Here I am in I'm 11
and I have thing is my dad he must know
it so sure enough that kid pulled me
aside you know coming out the bathroom
the high school Germany I don't know ask
me for my money or whatever it was that
he used to do picking on me and I said
no and he says give me your money or
I'll kick your butt you know probably a
little bit more harsh language and I
said if you're gonna punch me just punch
me he did used to teach me some of the
dirtiest fighting I was in a lot of
fights I was on a lot of fist toys and
he used it I thought you lost a fist
fight he would come home and say let me
show you something and then he showed me
something I can't even say in the air
we'd be arrested like nine is I killed
him I'm sorry I seem to recall you what
you would say I've broken my nose on a
number of occasions that was that was
one of the ways I broke my the father's
give very good advice they don't give
exclusively we should still celebrate
them with Omaha Steaks Omaha Steaks for
Father's Day can you find a better deal
you cannot because right now is giving
you a life a limited time offered to our
listeners go to Omaha Steaks calm and
type in Shapiro and in the search bar
you can get the Omaha steak Father's Day
package for just forty nine ninety nine
which is seventy nine percent off and
here are all the things the again I'm
gonna have Jeremy describe to you in
delectable detail how awesome these
things are cuz I can't eat the steaks
but he can I spent the entire weekend
eating the face because Omaha Steaks is
such a good company they sent me the
Father's Day package the one of the 50%
of non father's on the pan
absolutely an injustice and I thought
about calling drew and going to her I
think these were problem and these are
amazing so the Omaha Steaks that they're
they're hand trimmed flash-frozen
vacuum-sealed directly delivered to your
door in the Omaha Steaks cooler and they
are customized so you can customize
cuts for the grilling needs and here's
what you got in that special package
they get the $49.99 package and here's
when it comes with two tender filet
mignons two beefy top sirloins for
chicken-fried steaks two boneless pork
chops great for me while not great for
me but great for Jeremy steak burgers
for Graham a jumbo Franks 12 ounces of
all beef meatballs one pound of steak
house fries four caramel apple tartlets
one Omaha steak seasoning packet and you
get four more grill ready Omaha steak
burgers for free with the purchase
that's a pretty solid deal for $49.99
it's freaking delicious and it filled up
my entire freezer and then my wife
thought that I had done something great
like accomplished something in my career
possibly possibly won the lottery and I
I told her that it was true and she
should cook the steak as a sign of her
appreciation of me she did not with a
little thyme and a little garlic butter
and I will say this as a Texan a man who
has eaten a lot of red meat in my life
you know sometimes for like as a child
in Texas they wean you you know with
directly to red meat I have to say it
was these are freaking good today is
really really good you get the limited
time package right now for $49.99 when
you go to Omaha Steaks calm and type
Shapiro's in the search bar now the
Father's Day package for your cart now
you should get it for Father's Day but
the deal is available a little bit after
Father's Day as well but don't wait
because the offer does and soon it will
be available again to everyone who don't
get you don't get your stuff your dad
the thing for Father's Day because
you're a lazy bum you can still do it
afterwards I go to go to Omaha Steaks
calm and type Shapiro's into the search
bar and grab your dad and fire up the
grill and as you've heard from all of
these various fine gentlemen and oles
the steaks that content appear on the
search I like Father's Day because your
father is the one guy who can't actually
be mad if you were late getting him the
gift we have Alicia I think taking some
questions from the audience from our
subscribers this is important if you if
you want to ask a question you must
first subscribe if you subscribe you get
access not only to ben shapiro show the
andrew Clavin show the michael knowles
show you also get as everyone I think
probably knows by now the leftist tears
hot or cold daily wire tumbler with the
annual where the annual must you must
give us all of your money in order to
get the tumbler we are we are not
generous hey Lisa what do we got we have
lots of great questions first I have to
say I'm totally in bear
that I used to actually intern for John
gambling and I had no idea that our
great Andrew kleavon's father was the
yeah there you go yeah John Cantlie he
was terrific I worked I worked I was a
news writer on his show Wow when I first
started in in journalism yeah I love
that story I love it so much so Evan
asked the god-king both little G and
little K because we're not blasphemous
around here who is the better father
figured to aspire to be Kirk Picard
Sisko or Archer that's a fantastic
question I don't believe that Picard was
a father Archer had a dog but he loved
very much see if I can make it all the
way through Cisco was a good father you
know he except not the best advice to
like take your son to the farthest
outpost in the Federation and subject
them to like Kardashian invasion and
Klingon work but listen it's the future
and they have a little bit different set
of mores but Kirk Kirk is the greatest
father and here's why because if you are
going to be a spectacularly bad father
and Kirk was certainly that the best
thing that you can do is never even
introduced yourself to your son until he
is 30 and then show up just in time to
you know save him from the Genesis
experiment all that kind of stuff okay
fascinating I could just barely hold in
my enthusiasm Marshall asks Ben do you
think utilizing bad examples is a good
way to parent for instance to teach my
kids to be nice should I show them how
mean you are to Michel Noel's not to be
like Ben is to Michael Knowles so I the
answer generally that is given at least
by most of the people who have studied
this stuff is that using bad examples is
not good because your kid learns the bad
example so this is so you should not
like show your kids people doing
terrible things and don't do that
because instead they learned to do that
thing so generally no but in in this
case with me abusing Noel's absolutely
you know even in adulthood it's a
problem I remember when I first
move to LA you know a little guy from
little Christian guy from West Texas and
you don't know anybody and you fall in
with a group of other Christian guys are
kind of out here in the world and just
trying to make their way and I became a
part of what was by all accounts an
accountability group which is a Bible
study but where you don't really read
the Bible you just tell each other about
all the mistakes that you're making in
life and then you're like oh yeah yeah
that's terrible and I'll never forget
that a few years later when it sort of
transitioned into more of a Bible study
and we're really learning things one of
the guys missed the old accountability
days and he didn't like the Bible study
because it got a little controversial
and with a little bit esoteric at times
and he said you know I don't I don't
like coming here and just talking about
all this like philosophical stuff I miss
the old days when we used to just
support each other and build each other
up you know and I would tell you about
my mistakes and you would tell me about
your mistakes and back then because I
was teaching the Bible study this time
but he pointed a guy you used to teach
it he said back then you were the
teacher you were just such him I just
liked it so much better than this yuk
yuk you know yeah being the teacher I'll
never forget that that guy the original
teacher said yeah but there was always a
problem because you know how you used to
come and like talk about all the women
you were sleeping with and then we would
all pray for you you would cry we would
all pray for you he said yeah yeah it
was good for me yes yeah but I had never
slept with a woman and all I could think
was my god that sounds great yeah
there's there's some pretty good
empirical support for the idea that when
you see people do bad things that you
actually are more likely to think about
doing those bad things yourself it's
almost like they don't think of a pink
elephant effect or you tell somebody
don't think of a pink elephant
immediately everybody's thinking of a
pink elephant yeah you'll say Ben's
abuse of me has already made me an
abusive father I'm teaching my daughters
yes you should treat men like Michael no
leash owed that I guess cigarette sales
with and whiskey sales went up during
every season of Mad Men that there was
like this increased interest in you know
casually or socially small and after
watching this right interestingly drunk
driving incidents went down during the
heyday of cheers being on the air
because even though they all got
together and drank every
day they never went out and drove drunk
it was always a point on the show right
if someone was drunk you'd make sure
they got a cab or you know the other
people would care for them and not allow
them to go out oh wow interesting
Bradley asks what do children who have
bad fathers or fathers who aren't
involved at all do where do they look to
learn what it means to be a real man
well I can tell you that I earned to
literature is actually one of the starts
without my love for literature is you
know my father my father wasn't a bad
person he was a good guy but he and I
just didn't get along and he didn't
really think very much of me and at
which which we can understand but but
but I turned to the tough guys of
literature I turned to Raymond Chandler
and read about Philip Marlowe the
detective and I turned into Dashiell
Hammett and Hemingway and all those guys
and ultimately found role models in
those people with guys I sculpted myself
after I imitated them I'd imitate the
way they talked and ultimately I kind of
constructed an idea of what a man should
be
Hemingway was your example not my
example of good father would have a good
man what a man was supposed to be you
know the man did that you know Raymond
Chandler said down these mean streets a
man must go who is not himself mean and
that struck me as a very good good you
know I have the millennial version of
that which is obviously we don't read
ever they were write books Harry Potter
yeah but Nick at night was actually the
answer because when I was growing up
they Nick at night had all these cheap
reruns of these shows from the 50s and
60s all the shows that I Love Lucy I
Love Lucy where I Love Lucy father knows
best Leave It to Beaver all these and
that really does our Archie Bunker
that's why I like Donald Trump and so
there were all of these great examples
of father figures that are utterly
absent on modern television there's
actually really fascinating so for those
who don't know I wrote an entire book
about the history of television
and one of the chapters in the book I
talk about the evolution of fatherhood
on TV and there is this amazing
evolution of fatherhood that happened
for social reasons where the Left
started pushing the idea that a woman
was liberated if there was no father in
the home and you know everything from
Murphy Brown to the Simpsons basically
portrays fatherhood as useless if you
are father the most famous fathers on TV
in the last thirty years of all been
doofuses I mean the Homer Simpson is a
doofus Phil Dunphy who's seen as like a
good guy he still a doofus he's an idiot
I only think modern family is the best
written comedy uh Network television
I can't watch it because of the rain
every and every father on TV every major
show on TV has a father John Goodman on
Roseanne every father on TV is either
backwards or stupid or just a bloviating
dolt and that's not how all of these
things were modeled like if you go back
and watch the Dick Van Dyke Show Dick
Van Dyke is a good father right he's
somebody who even though he's kind of
klutzy he's a good guy who actually
knows what he's doing for the most part
and that's certainly true and shows like
fathers knows best
or the Waltons okay I grew up on my dad
used to go to Eddie Brand Saturday
matinee and rent all those tapes used to
watch nothing but old shows and there
was this this purposeful attempt in the
1970s and 80s to move away from the
model of the father who at the end of
the show would actually try to model the
behavior the last gasp of it probably
was actually a family tongue definitely
ties record the dad and family ties was
but he was a liberal right so the idea
is that he was liberal lecturing his
wayward a conservative son Michael
Michael J Fox about why he shouldn't be
conservative anymore but TV has moved to
I mean you can't name it by making the
husband father character on television a
lovable doofus they're at least making
him lovable and if they if they present
him as masculine and strong he is not
lovable in the sort of value set of the
people who write motion but and this was
it but this is what so hilarious is that
if you actually watch the sitcoms that
work the ones that work now are the ones
that actually have a deeply conservative
character who immediately becomes the
most popular character on the show
because in fact a father figure right if
you watched Parks and Rec and you
welcome Ron Swanson Ron Swanson is the
most popular character on the show and
he is Leslie knope's father figure she
comes to him for advice he tells her
what to do
he's grumpy he's conservative the same
thing is true of Alec Baldwin in 30 rock
oh yeah he does the same thing for Tina
Fey
it's exactly the same sort of thing it
really speaks to a larger issue of the
responsibility of the people who make
these things that they actually are you
know one of the things we heard
especially is the 60s and 70s and 80s
came on as we would hear from sports
figures and we'd hear from actors well
you know I'm not a role model I'm just
doing I just do this for a living but
they actually are they actually with
their fame as spider-man will tell them
with you know with those who have much
have great responsibility
you know these things really do this is
the party that drives me and give us a
chance to look for something that maybe
we can't find it on and drives me up a
wall because you see all these people
who are immensely wealthy immensely
successful so they can't afford
to get married they have two kids out of
wedlock and they're still not married
and so why are you not married like what
what sort of example are you setting not
only for your own kids but what sort of
example are you setting for the society
at large
yeah Charles Marie has a great book
called coming apart about this this this
exact phenomenon where you have a bunch
of kind of white liberals Uppercross
liberals who don't actually live this
this sort of lifestyle they actually get
married they actually have kids but then
they tell everybody that's bad to get
married and have kids and so everybody
who's watching the culture they say oh
you're right you know it's bad to get
married and have kids because look what
they're saying on TV but all the rich
white liberals are still getting married
and having kids like the marriage rates
among rich white liberals are much
higher than the marriage rates among
poor white people living in Appalachia
he has the line they don't they don't
preach what they practice which i think
is is this incredible insistence on
tolerance and open-mindedness that
actually is broke down the walls of the
good kind of discrimination which is
discrimination between good and bad
discrimination between wise and unwise
and they've thrown that away with the
other kinds of discrimination which
maybe aren't solely you know the
marriage rates among from boomers to the
Millennials have dropped from ninety-one
percent down to at the rosiest
expectations 70 percent among
Millennials that Nevers been dropping
over generations but that is very low
and it could be lower than that where
does that come from it comes from the
culture that you're stood in that you
come that you're raised up in and
they're lying to everybody by the way I
mean then when they say that great
happiness is in avoiding marriage and
pursuing career these people are idiots
you mean idiots the truth is that
marriage is the greatest thing that has
happened to women and it is the greatest
thing that has happened to men marriage
is a wonderful wonderful thing every
poll ever done shows that married people
are happier than single people and by
the way have happier sex lives than
single people as well despite all the
mythology that you see on television and
what this studies also tend to show this
is this one's interesting that kind of
like this one but they show about having
kids is that people who either have no
kids or many kids are happiest if you
have one kid you're not as happy because
you've poured all of your hopes and
dreams into this one but if you have
seven kids you okay they're running
around like knocking each other over and
as a society we've decided that we're
not going to make the decisions that are
necessary to preserve our own happiness
and that's why you're seeing a bunch of
people who are particularly for women
who actually do have a biological clock
I can get married at 50 and he's still
gonna have kids but if a girl gets
married at 45 you know she might be done
before we before we continue I want to
let Alicia
go and say thank you Alicia for
questions we'll see in a few minutes if
you want to reach out to me Alicia right
now so that you can get a question in to
the panel or to any of our guests who
are coming up throughout the rest of the
broadcast head on over to the Daily wire
comm become a premium subscriber you can
give us $9.99 a month or you can become
an annual subscriber you will get the
leftist tears hot or cold tumblr it is
the best way to drink leftist tears it's
scientifically scientifically proven I
just want to address this thing about
happiness when they always take these
polls about happiness a lot of times
I've heard them say well parents with
their children at home are not that
happy
you know happiness is kind of overrated
I mean happiness is something you feel
when things are going well which is
great and everybody loves it but the
thing about having children is they make
you more alive you are both happier and
sadder you're both more afraid and more
hopeful every everything about life
becomes bigger and more dimensional and
adds dimensions you didn't even you
thought you were seeing in three
dimensions but suddenly you realize you
were in the wrong this is my whole
theory about the spectrum of life so
when you when you are single then your
spectrum of happiness and sadness goes
down to zero and up to maybe a seven and
then when you get married your spectrum
of happiness goes down to a negative 10
and up to a 15 right and then because
now you actually care about what happens
to the other person like when you're
single you don't have another person to
worry about when something happens to
your spouse it's obviously awful for you
and when something great is happening
with you and your spouse is just
wonderful and then when you have kids
then all barriers are removed then it's
the worst stuff that has ever happened
when something bad happens to your kid
it is the worst thing that has ever
happened to you in the history of time
and when something great happens with
your kid it is the best thing that has
ever happened to you in the history of
time it's an incredible incredible thing
and you don't really expect that getting
people to have kids is sort of like a
cult you're recruiting them into a cult
you don't tell them about the downside
don't talk about the outside and then
once they're in and they realize that
they're in this cult and they have that
tattoo of the children you know then and
then they can't get out and then it's
their job to recruit others in each
other I want to talk more about that in
particular I don't have children so I
don't try to recruit people into that
cold but I do often tell people
including the people who work for us
which I'm almost sure will cost us our
company at some point in the future in a
future court settlement that the best
way to become a happier person right now
would be to walk out onto the street and
just marry the first member of the
opposite sets who passes you've got a
lot of homeless people like I did yeah
but that marriage is so fulfilling and
changes you so fundamental of itself in
and of itself that you should but you
should pursue it let's get to that but
first let's talk about expressvpn
another one of our sponsors for tonight
is made it possible for us to have this
thrilling conversation and more
importantly these delicious delicious
you may have noticed that AT&T and Time
Warner actually merged today so there's
a there's a judge who ruled that that
merger could go forward well good for
them except for the fact that they're
all these massive companies they all
have control over your data and they're
using that data for many a thing so
Michael Knowles you surf the internet a
fair bit what do you do with that
Internet your wife is watching well this
is this is the real thing if you guys
are anything like me I think you fellas
are and maybe you look at some weird
stuff on the Internet I'm talking about
I'm talking about the daily wife and I
actually I really have used VPNs a long
time from my first political campaign I
ever worked on political operatives said
you've got to use VPNs because everybody
is looking at your data and we know this
now I mean how many emails have you
gotten in the last three weeks the
privacy alert I know all your data is
being thrown everywhere it's being all
these internet service providers all the
tech companies right
VPNs expressvpn is really really good it
is an rated number one by TechRadar it
is less than seven bucks a month you can
protect all of your information your IP
address you you know your wife might
still be looking over your shoulder so
watch out but other than that it is
really good and it's a must-have in
today's world you need to use a VPN or
you're crazy I mean your your
information is everywhere you have got
to use it
they have blazing fast service it's very
inexpensive
absolutely good you know I was after
talking to Knowles today I put it in I
installed it today
it took me about 90 seconds yeah then it
runs in the background on your computer
on your phone is really really
convenient and right now you can have
any special deal go over to expressvpn
comm slash man you get your first 3
months for free so expressvpn comm slash
Ben when you buy a one-year package you
get your first 3 months for free and
every day you're using the internet
without Express BPM you're exposing your
information so don't be that person
don't go to Starbucks and expose your
information to the public Wi-Fi instead
use Express VPL then you can use the
public Wi-Fi you don't have to worry
about it expressvpn comm slash Ben and
again you get that first three months
for free with one-year subscription
again expressvpn comm slash Ben to check
it out does Ben get
pretty much all the credit for any sales
that happen every single one of our
sponsors is using a /bin I noticed
there's no like / the god-king this is
part of Ben's long scheme to fire me
it's not the short name I thought it was
a trapdoor he was building the hall I
like what we're talking about a second
ago which is just the idea of recruiting
people into the cult of happiness and
you may be happiness is the wrong word
maybe it's the cult of fulfillment
because you're right purpose yeah
meaning or purpose you're right that
happiness is a shallow concept although
I do feel that a fair amount of
happiness actually comes from being
fulfilled right well not to get to
Aristotelian but that's basically
Aristotle's argument right yeah you have
to you have to the man who lives the
good life in accordance with right
reason and virtue ends up living a happy
life over the course of their entire
life and he says specifically that if
you're happy at any one given moment of
your life this does not make you a happy
person you really only get to determine
your happiness when you die especially
the very end of your life and you
realize you lived a happy life actually
the best example of that in the last
several weeks was the Krauthammer letter
right charles krauthammer is is passing
away and the letter that you wrote is
just beautiful where are you I feel like
I'm it really was I mean it's like I've
reached into my life and I really have
no regrets and I've lived the life that
I wanted to live and so you know if you
can reach the end your life and that can
be what what it is then then you've done
the right thing and that requires actual
purpose it's not just you going to
Cancun on vacation it actually one of
the wonderful people like us though is
that we now have to be sort of
evangelists for things that were
ubiquitous among almost by rote
so obviously marriage is one of those
things child having children is another
one because they've become sort of you
know a spouse as a commodity now and a
child is a commodity now you have to
choose them you have to choose them
above others you know you choose them in
comparison to other choices that could
possibly be made whereas in the past
that the society even if people didn't
have the right values or they didn't
have the right beliefs they certainly
existed in a culture where they were
pointed in these directions so you know
one of the things that we read about all
the time is how much it will cost you to
have a kid and I think about the value
proposition of marriage or the value
proposition of having children it used
to be that society was structured in
such a way that instead of reading in
the New York Times oh if I
child this year it will cost me two
hundred and fifty thousand dollars if
you're the average American you're
making like fifty grand a year and if
you work for been on the Michael NOLA
making like so you read this staggering
number it's gonna cost me a quarter of a
million most people never even lay eyes
on a quarter of a million dollars
whereas historically there was actually
a value proposition to these things
right you got married as a way of
increasing your prosperity of increasing
your wealth you a spouse then gave you
children and those children were able to
work in your work in your holdings or
properties and that increased your
wealth and then as you got older you
wanted to have many children so that as
you got older your children would
eventually be able to inherit from you
what you had done in life and then pour
some of it back towards some small piece
of it back towards you if you had six
children they each gave you a sixth of
their income now the state has slowly
replaced all of the value that we were
supposed to gain from marriage or that
we're supposed to gain from having
children and not only that they've taken
away any opportunity for you to gain
value uh any obvious value you know if
you get married as the culture says you
will have less freedom you will have
less opportunity but we know none of
that's true but because you're being fed
that you know non-stop forty hours a
week as most people engage in culture
they become sort of a heuristic truth
you know it's back there in the lizard
brain as a truth if the children are
gonna cost you two hundred fifty
thousand dollars you can't work them in
your fields or you're abusive you know
you're not though you're not the head of
your house in the sort of biblical
marriage sense you know your wife will
now rule over you in every way they've
sort of taken all the incentives and
perverted them and then also then
replace those incentives with the hand
of the state so that now it actually is
difficult to convince people that a
spouse is not a commodity a spouse is a
spouse you have a choice but even a even
a choice that isn't perfect will be far
superior to never choosing to take that
right or no they've made it's really I
don't believe this state is necessarily
to blame for this I think the
industrialization took a lot of home
home economy home businesses and took
them out to the factory meant Childre
left home and went to work in the cities
which they hadn't done before so I think
it just developed with technology but
it's absolutely true that having
children is now a complete outlay and
economically that a woman has lost a
homemaker has lost her economic value
that she used to have when she would do
home industries and all this and it has
changed everything but the one thing
that remains true is that marriage and
children is this high spiritual
achievement that enriches your life
right joy
so we've detached it's a weird thing
we've detached the economic reward from
the spiritual reward which could in some
sense have a good effect right people
opt for the spiritual it's turned into
the the the reward that you get from
your spouse is that your spouse makes
you happy or in the generic sense not
that your marriage makes you happier
like there is a difference to your
spouse making you happy in your marriage
making you're happier how that's all
your children making you happier you
know just having children like the fact
is that you put your value as a human
being in your status in various things
that you do what your status is as a
husband or your status as a father your
status in a job and we've detached all
that and so it's turned into well what
makes me happy about my spouse is that
my spouse has X for me so if my spouse
doesn't do X for me then I'm not
appreciated with my spouse and I spent
why should I have this bounce why
shouldn't I just go get another spouse
or my kids aren't making the America
motto right now chop them against other
option that's right mean the whole
purpose of marriage was supposed to be
that marriage made you a better person
not that it necessarily made you a
happier person right you were going to
be a happier person because you were a
better person right but part of being a
better person is learning to live with
difficulty and learning to live with
pain and learning to not let it all you
know get in your head I mean this is
virtually every philosophy Eastern and
Western suggests that how you respond to
actual things that happen to you to find
your level of happiness it's not the
stuff that happens to you that matters
nearly as much as how you respond to the
stuff that happens to you whether you're
a Buddhist or whether you're a Christian
or whether you're a Jew and what that
really means is that as a society we've
decided that the only way that we can
actually make ourselves happier is to
change the material circumstances that
surround us we can become richer or we
can have more beautiful people who
surround us or we can have better kids
who are more well trained by various by
various sources but the reality is that
what makes you a happier person a better
person is you learning that crap happens
and then you have to deal with it and
how are you going to deal with are you
going to deal with it in a way that's
productive even though it weighs is good
or not even though I think this is
important and true it is a spiritual
truth what you're saying but it's
so that in the same way that capitalism
hasn't made the poor poor and
corporations haven't made the world less
free and you know logging hasn't
resulted in less trees in the sense that
everything the culture tells us is a lie
it is also my truth it is also a truth I
have observed that men get married and
then they make more money no sure you
can't have children and then they do
become happier so I completely agree
with the spiritual concept that yes true
happiness is not happiness in a moment
and true fulfillment is not getting
exactly what you want and yet married
people get more of what they want are
more superficially happy and are more
deeply fulfilled and that's totally true
but I think I would just be careful in
necessarily its its usual but not
necessary
I agree meaning that it's it that that's
that is the usual process you just like
it badly too right I mean that's also
true but it bottom line is that I think
what religion teaches and what you know
good values teach is that you make good
decisions and good things generally
happen you but not that they always
happen to you and I think it's important
to separate those two things out because
otherwise people have unrealistic
expectations that if something bad
happens it's because but this is what
you're me was saying before about that
if you walked out in the street and
married a random woman you'd still be
happier the point is that when you get
married to someone if you do it right
you're right you invest yourself in
other people and once you do that you
are so liberated and so free and you
understand life so much better than you
do if you're completely invested in
yourself you can you can be married
badly not in the sense that you marry
the wrong person but in the sense that
in being married you remain selfish you
remain independent you remain uncaring
and that's not gonna help you well I
agree and I think that's why you know
that the model of arranged marriage I'm
not a fan of right arranged marriages
did work for thousands of years from
people specifically because of the idea
that you're saying I actually want to
follow up on that because I kind of do
believe in arranged marriage but first I
want to welcome our first guest for the
night one of I think the favorite people
of everyone except Ben for whom no
person is Rachel thanks for hanging with
us thanks ray before before I talk about
arranged marriage do you want to pollute
your body with the fine incense well I
was trying to figure man do I want
popcorn or do I want a cigar and you
know it driving up here mirrors a big
fire like
and I was like worried that's it man I'm
gonna go in there smelling like smoke I
felt bad because I tossed my embers out
that we do have we have some delicious
options for you either way you want and
you can have all what about you where
you don't should I bite it like blow do
Columbo bite it you don't want to do
that I do want to talk about arranged
marriages for a moment before we yet
before we go on but I believe in
arranged marriages because all marriages
are arranged marriages you know the
reason that arranged marriage has worked
in the past better than chosen marriages
now is because when your marriage was
arranged for you it was a series of
things someone was selecting on the
basis of values and value and you
weren't since you weren't selecting the
person what you were really opting into
was the institution and the institution
of marriage actually works quite well
you know the paultalks in the New
Testament about what a husband is what a
wife is and if you embrace which it
requires sacrifice on the party on the
part of both parties if you embrace
husbanding and you embrace wifing those
change you and make you better and
create an institution so people were
leaning into that institution
historically not into you know the more
superficial notions but really anyone
who is successfully married today is in
an arranged marriage the marriage was
arranged by the person that they were -
the person that their spouse was and one
of the problems with treating your
spouse like a commodity is it sort of
presumes that the person you pick will
be frozen in time and that is the person
to whom you will be married tomorrow but
if you look at your own life you are not
today the person you were yesterday not
everybody can afford plastic surgery but
if you if you look back three years for
you if you're like me I look back five
years and I have only the most the most
fleeting connection even to the person I
was now so many ways and you know I'm
nine years now into my mare
the person I am much different than the
person my spouse married the person she
is much different than the person that I
married and so we I am living in the
arranged marriage of my previous self
but and and in that way the only hope
for success in my marriage is the same
hope of the people who are married for
thousands of years before was just to
lean into the instead of straight and it
is it is a good point that did I mean
the truth is most people are in arranged
marriage in the sense that somebody
fixed them up like oh uh but most of
most people met their wife through some
sort of fix up from somebody some third
party and that usually wasn't just
because I think that there's gonna be
some sort of mutual sexual attraction
right usually it's because you you
figured that you're working in the same
milieu that there's a certain level of
values and those values are gonna
outlast that like everybody's gonna be
old and wrinkly and ugly one day so the
value is better last because otherwise I
mean if you're looking for a hot chick
at eighty-five good luck to you I mean
there and not everybody can Madeline
Albright
or make a billion dollars this 1 billion
dollars than even at 81 you can get a
hot and sexy young wife policy genius
our final sponsor who we're gonna thank
tonight and we we must do it because it
is a fundamentally selfish affair to sit
around with your with your fellows
imbibing fine whiskey and cigars and we
must remember that we're being supported
in this pursuit by defined people over
at policy change Father's Day is coming
up if you're a new dad then you do have
certain obligations to your children
true is the person is from closest to
death close to death I carry them in my
I got that nobody wants to think about
this but it's always there it's
lingering over here and people depend on
you not just your kids also sometimes
your parents are depending on you if you
disappear as you know I planned never to
die obviously I think that I think
that's clear just some 150 years old I
said I'm still here but but eventually
it's gonna happen and you want to make
sure that people are there and policy
genius it's it's so easy you don't have
to deal with those insurance salesmen
just go on and you compare the things
online takes a couple of minutes they
don't push anything on you and you get
to pick it you could save a lot of money
and you pick the thing you need and they
don't just do life insurance I've got a
policy on Knowles I wasn't supposed to
say that out loud but it's not exactly
there's double indemnity clause
but the policy genius folks they make it
easy not just to get life insurance but
also health insurance disability
insurance and renter's insurance as well
all you have to do is go to policy
genius comm you can get quotes and apply
in minutes it is indeed that easy you
could do it right now and you should do
it right now or as soon as this is over
you should go do it and because rates
are they're lost in 20 years then you
are going to be getting a great deal go
to policy genius calm it is indeed the
easy way to compare and buy life
insurance go check it out right now
policy genius techcom you know it's your
family not to leave them in the lurch
when you plotz
and one of the things that is absolutely
true people sometimes write in and ask
us questions about our sponsors on on
all of the shows over at the Daily wire
you guys obviously do use these phones
we use and not only that not only that a
word of praise for the god-king we have
never been forced to take a sponsor we
had any qualms about ever it's true yeah
all praise the god came here from Alisha
I know that there been people writing in
questions for the panel if you have
questions for though who just joined us
we'd love to hear those as well Alicia
where we got okay so I'm not sure how
logistically this would work and I don't
know if I'm included in this or not but
Raymond hunt comes up with a pretty
interesting idea he says guys for the
next round table can you please I'll do
it from Matt Walsh's car we actually
invited Matt wolf to join us because
Matt is a father and that seemed like
one of the prerequisites for everyone on
the panel not named Jeremy or Michael
turned us down flat did you ever leave
that car story he's not going to come
out of there I could see him though like
he wouldn't hotbox cuz that's not his
style skyping in would would have been
great I mean gosh Rob make that happen
next time Jake asks a much more serious
question he says for everyone on the
panel do you think adopted children
should still try to reconnect with their
biological father so what do you think
about it um you know
Shuji I don't know if a person should or
shouldn't have you know circumstances
are different I don't think there's a
yes or no question to that one you know
it's it's it depends on the
circumstances
you know the person's individual
preference I couldn't answer that I
think that I agree with that I think
it's a totally individual choice I think
when you're adopted when somebody raises
you when they put their energy and their
money in their time and their love into
you that's your parent that's the person
who is your father or mother but you
might want to know just like people want
to you know spit in a tube and send
their genetics off to a company and find
out who they're related to you might
want to know where you came from
physically and I wouldn't be so quick to
judge you know it's like you know don't
feel like you wouldn't want to reconnect
with him because they abandoned you or
something like that oh well yeah they
may have there is a you know at the
bottom line you know that could have
gone a whole nother way you know and
maybe the person was just you know in a
in a moment of compassion and say look
you know I really can't do much for you
and may had to I may have been the
greatest act of love they were capable
of exam so you know so it's not casting
to judge me and I don't ever want to
know them or anything like that
you know yeah and I like what you said
drew because you know I've always and
you see this portrayed again the culture
sometimes lies to us right because what
makes a good story isn't necessarily
what makes good reality but obviously
anytime you watch a show about an
adopted child they always go through the
phase where they turn on the people
who've raised them and look to the
people who who turned them over to be
adopted and and obviously I think that
speaks to something dark in all of us
you know there's something going all the
way back to the Garden of Eden of man
wanting to forsake his own father and
and have the world of his own making
instead of the world that God's actually
placed him in it's a beautiful thing to
to adopt a child you know Nick seriously
who will be with us later today adopted
his son and you know it's the pretty
much the only thing that recommends Nick
Searcy yeah it's a great love that he
has for his son and and and I think is
beautifully reciprocated by the Sun
absolutely I have to differ a little bit
just in thinking obviously everybody's
different people are raised by different
adoptive families and all that I you
know I've got some adopted relatives I
think they're it's that great act of
love of the birth mother to not kill you
in a born and to put you up for adoption
and it's a great act of love for that
family to adopt you and they're your
parents
yeah people who adopted you and raised
you as a baby they're your parents and I
think my advice to
people who were adopted is embraced them
as your family that's your family don't
look back you don't know that's right
all right next question Sarah asks what
advice might you give to a 29 year old
whose father has been an alcoholic and
substance abuser for decades
how can an adult child help a father
that they have outgrown well well I
think I think one of the things that
they teach people who have alcoholic
parents and being a writer I've known a
lot of alcoholics is is they teach you
to detach with love that is you cannot
connect to an alcoholic the way you can
connect to someone who is not an
alcoholic but you don't have to kick
them to the curb so you cannot o them
the things that you would owe a father
someone who is addicted to alcohol or
drugs that is their life that is what
they have traded for life they have
traded their lives for that substance
and that's a shame and it's a terrible
thing and you hope that they can break
it because people with God's help do get
out of it but in the meantime in the
meantime you have got to protect
yourself
you have got to protect yourself because
you are the vehicle for the next family
coming up and you're the vehicle for the
future and you got to say you know I
love you and I'll talk to you but I'm
not going to go down this road with you
and I'm not going to show up every time
you create your all the key to what you
just said is with God's help yep people
do break those addictions not with your
help and you are not God that's one of
the one of the terrible things that
happens and I think it happens to all of
us at some point especially it plays to
the sort of superficial goodness that we
have from kind of being raised by good
people in a good culture is that we we
sometime times allow that to confuse us
or deceive us into thinking that we are
God and that we can fix people that we
can help people that we can rescue
people from their own choices but you
know our friend I will say his name
because he actually has a job if I say
that he's our friend he may lose that
job we do have a friend who often says
you can't take people scraps for them he
is a father and I hope he wanted a gives
that advice to his own children but it's
true you can't you can't carry that kind
of a burden for another person yeah
Jeremy and I have a interesting
relationship when business partners for
how long now eight years something like
that
almost as long as both of us have been
married we've actually been business
partners which is pathetic but
one of the one of the great differences
between Jeremy and me as I have said
this for a long time
Jeremy's main tendencies as a human
being is when he sees a wounded bird on
the street he wants to pick it up and
nurture it back to health and my main
tendency is to take his head off because
wounded and I think that the happy
medium is probably somewhere in the
middle there that you bring it home and
you boil it very animal all goes back to
ancient Greece so this is our final
question for this round but I will be
back later with more subscriber
questions Oh II asked can you guys talk
about the role that a father plays in
fatherhood that is different with a boy
yeah yeah no it's going there man great
fathers to both the mommy and the daddy
look how it's turning out you've had a
boy and you've had a girl exactly the
same right from birth yeah exactly the
same I mean except for you have to be an
insane person to actually think in the
society that says the boys and girls are
the same is the stupidest Society in the
history of mankind anyone who's ever
dealt with small children boys and girls
knows there is a difference okay girls
are sweet and wonderful when they are
small okay they actually can sit and
they can play and they're really nice
and then boys are insane boys are just
suicide machines all they do is try and
run into the street and break their face
on things
and they're nuts there it is true that
what a father does for for a boy versus
way does for a girl when you're a father
for a girl you spend most of your time
trying to protect your girl against and
this is true throughout life I think you
spend a lot of time trying to protect
your girl from from various threats from
the outside because this is the job of a
man toward his wife as well is the job
of a man toward his daughter and for his
wife and to warn your daughter that men
are not to be trifled with right there
that men are can be very threatening
right the right man
can be the best thing in the world for
you there are plenty of terrible guys
out there and it's your job as a dad to
protect your daughters from that for a
son your job is to train your son of you
gentlemen because boys either build or
they destroy there is no in-between from
the time that there are small children
there they're building it's how a tower
of blocks or they are knocking down that
tower of blocks and all they do all day
is this and so if you don't train kids
to be a gentleman boys to be a gentleman
they will turn out to be jerks they'll
turn out to be destructive people women
also to girls I think I have three
younger sisters and it seems to me that
one of the big differences between
teenage girls and teenage boys is that
teenage boys this is true for men
generally tend to be destructive of
others right when they when they act out
they tend to lash out at others and hurt
other people they tend to not care about
other people they tend to hurt other
people girls had to be self-destructive
they tend to turn it in on themselves
this is why anorexia and bulimia are so
much more common among girls than among
boys they tend to really be tough on
themselves and so there is a certain
amount of a steam building that has to
go into being a dad toward a girl that
does not have to happen with a boy
before oh boy it's mostly you keep
yourself under control and this is why
you see single motherhood has an impact
on girls but it has much more of an
impact on boys when there's no father in
the home to actually take care of boys
or if there's no community of fathers
right there's a study that was just done
that shows that the single greatest
predictor of teenage crime is not
actually only single motherhood in a
particular home it's single motherhood
in a community so if there's a community
of men around they can sometimes fill
the gap that's left by a particular
father in a particular community but men
have to be there to model for boys what
it is to be a gentleman and to be a
defender of decency as opposed to being
an aggressor because boys who are not
offenders become aggressors yeah it's
important for a boy to grow to be a
gentleman and I know my father told me
I'm sure your father told you be a
gentleman associate with other gentlemen
if there are certain clubs having just
recently had a bachelor party it's so
important to hang out and gentlemen club
this is there's that great book by
Harvey Mansfield called manliness and he
talks just about this part of manliness
and what a father needs to teach a boy
is manliness is being a gentleman
you know after basically after Nietzsche
after God is dead
manliness can go pretty wrong it can get
pretty wild it's kind of what they talk
about on the Left ecliptic mass yeah
but they they label all masculinity tax
exactly man looks at a woman and she's
pretty Oh it's toxic masculine and also
the way human beings appropriated for
the last several hundred thousand here
but it is there is there is a
destructive part of manliness and it's
got to be restrained by being a
gentleman if you don't teach your boy to
be a gentleman he's gonna grow up and be
a little monster you could even at the
same time though when we talk about
being gentlemanly or being a man being a
man according to what though that's the
problem because we could talk about
being a man all day but what does that
actually mean what does that really look
like or being a gentleman to how you
gonna cheat a woman and stuff like that
because we're gonna have different
standards and uh different models of
what that looks like and and all of
those things they they're they don't
really have a solid foundation so to
that end what do we look towards to be a
model man a model gentleman a model
father a model husband you know what do
we listen I mean for myself you know I
think people would know that my answer
is gonna be the scriptures I look to the
Bible exactly I look towards him and I
looked at his statutes on how to do that
but I think that's one of the bigger
problems is that that's one of the
things that's promotive you know it's
like you got to be a man okay a man
according to what you know so unless we
really get solid with that a lot of
people reject what the truth is on that
and that's another problem twenty
interesting things that God did is that
he he sort of condescend it even in
language so that we could comprehend him
right because what God is we can't
understand and so God God calls himself
a father not and we look at that wrong
we look at our fathers at the beginning
of wisdom as you look at your father and
try to understand something about God
the greater truth is that you look at
God and you learn something about being
a father right or about having I thought
that's that's why it's at the top of the
list I you know am god I'm I'm the Lord
your God let's get that straight first
right you know this it's it's such a
truth it's such a high truth it's
basically a law there is no truth higher
than that you know and then from there
when he goes on talking about honoring
your father and honoring your mother
it's like look you got to honor me first
you trying to honor your father and your
mother you trying to be right by
everybody else you're gonna get it wrong
your love sucks all right love you so
that people think that God is like some
megalomaniac fathers I just love me love
me is like no no no my love will hurt
you to hurt you to hurt you it hurt my
wife I'd hurt my mama hurt everybody but
if I filter that through God and
understand and go buy a statue it's in a
goatee
him to learn how to do this then I will
understand what it is to know cuz we
like how do you honored like you were
asking earlier like you know about you
know father being an alcoholic you know
how do you honor a person like that you
know it's like well my father my mother
they weren't there for me they were this
they were that how do I honor them
well you honor them by being the kind of
person that a mother and that a father
and mother should honor right Oh at
least a halfway well-adjusted person
should honor that's what you do oh and
then you learn about it just like with
the father if God being loved as it says
in John the Epistle you the first step
of wisdom is to understand God because
of having experienced love but the
greater step is to understand love a
cause of God that God is not our love
but that our love should reflect indeed
you know there's another aspect I agree
with everything you guys are saying and
but we're talking a lot about training
and teaching and one of the things that
a father does this most important is
represent because a woman a woman is
defined in a lot of ways by her body if
you can have a child you are a woman you
know there's a lot of other things that
go into it I you know lady but it's just
true you know but a man and the a man is
an abstraction manliness is an
abstraction you got to see it you got to
be there you got to smell it and one of
the things about absent fathers is you
can't smell at me I can't see them and
when you talk about you know children
the boys especially learn and
communicate through objects girls talk
men play catch men play video games they
sit around and that is how they
communicate because it's all about
seeing the thing there and when you talk
about God God sent us somebody we could
see if somebody with flesh on that you
can look at the sequel right you know
it's just when fathers leave man they
take away it's like taking the son away
from a plant it takes away the thing
that you grow toward and all the other
stuff is is true the teaching and the
rules and the control but most important
is showing well this is why it's so
funny whenever you hear people in the me
to movement say teach boys not to rape
like how many people in this room I
assume nobody in this room is rapists
right so and if you are don't say it
that's criminal and I have to report you
or do say and I'll go reporting but in
any case I you know nobody and I assume
none of your father set you down and
said boys don't rape right right because
that's absurd
well your father did instead is modeled
the decent behavior and made it clear
that the expectation was that you were
going to protect women this is the thing
that you were going to do you were going
to protect women I do wonder whether our
culture now since we've leveled out the
sexes you know the the the the stick up
in Titanic which is the ship is going
down and now we're going to get the
women and children off first I wonder if
our society would do that anymore know
when you say women and men are the same
then then you've really mitigated the
crime of rape because if women are like
men they just want to have sex all the
time
only if women are different than men
only if women need to be protected by by
the strength of good men is there a
crime to this sort of lack of concern
I'm not saying that men can't be raped
but I'm saying that that is the right
extreme minority of a lot of corollaries
come from this too because you can read
you know when you talk about recruiting
people into the cult of parenthood you
can read about this all you want but
children touch play every key on your
piece exactly right so if you are not in
some way right with yourself and with
God if you're not some way adjusted and
put together they are gonna find that
place so before we continue I want to
let Alicia go so she can get some more
questions well Alicia thank you so much
for those great questions see if you if
you're watching at home you'll want to
get a few questions in we are gonna
answer a few more during the course of
the broadcast but you must first
subscribe over at daily wired.com become
a premium subscriber either monthly or
annual although we strongly recommend
annual not only because it ensures that
we get more of your delicious delicious
math money but it also ensures you get
they left us tears hot or cold tumblr
it's also time to sing about is oh but
instead of that though can you hang with
us for one more segment I'm have you
don't wanna I don't you got a lot more
Stoke their cigars don't it is also time
for us to thank another sponsor that is
helix sleep and Ben since you have the
helix helix man you are the man it is
brings up the pillow that's right
burning
mattresses are just tremendous they are
made directly for you the way this works
you go to helix sleep calm and they have
this two-minute sleep quiz it asks you
whether you like to sleep on your side
or on your back and if you how your body
is structured do you like the mattress
to be soft you like to be firm they can
even make the mattress so that it
differs between the sides of the
mattress for you and your spouse now
that we've recruited you into the cult
of marriage and it's really important to
because you know people liked it like
you know I'm recently married to sweet
little Lisa and so I like a mattress
that's more firm you know and she likes
a mattress that I'm not on can make that
happen for you and if you listen to get
rid of Knowles for me I mean I was great
thing about helix sleep is that again it
is customized for you it comes in the
mail you unpack it it actually inflates
right in front of you because it's foam
and you throw it on bed and you are
ready to go and for Father's Day right
now you can go to helix sleep calm / bed
and get up to 125 bucks toward your
mattress order again that's helix sleep
calm / men and you up to 125 dollars
toward that mattress order it's again
the most comfortable at first I slept on
we took a more expensive mattress and
actually moved it out of the room
because this is a better mattress helix
sleep calm / Ben for your hundred and
twenty-five bucks off and it's a perfect
Father's Day gift it's really excellent
check it out he look sleep calm / Ben
that's awesome and Ben before we cut to
the ED you were getting ready to say
something profound I'm a pretty good
judge like
drew will start to say something of it
thinking about the disconnects that
people seem to have between also their
daughters and how they treat women so
what you think one of the things that
you're talking about is how you know
having kids changes you when you have a
daughter you see this with a lot of men
it's on the new Kanye album which I've
apparently now been forced to listen to
because Kanye's pro-trump
and that means that we almost listen to
Kanye West apparently not my cup of tea
but his new album has a whole song on
there about how he has a new daughter
and now it's changed his perspective on
me - that's right after the song where
he talks about how he has a two eyes and
therefore women have two breasts it
hasn't completely permeated his
worldview yet I think but nonetheless it
is true that all these guys who will
treat women like dirt like grown women
like dirt
minute they have a daughter they
realized that if a man treated their
daughter like that they would murder
that that human being well these are
fatherly advice your father gave yep and
it you know it matters too I mean when
you talk about being an example you're
also being an example to your daughter
of what a man is like this is which is
why I always tell people the first thing
is be good to your wife because that is
good it's gonna mean everything to your
so many women they have the fathers who
are bad then they end up with men who
are bad because they're people to marry
their parents it's very weird you know
they don't know I mean they don't know
that they can expand I really the only
people can get past that I don't believe
we're locked into this Freudian circle
but you got to be careful if your father
was a bad guy you got to be careful not
to imitate that so you're a you're a
father to a daughter what's that how do
you navigate that I have cats because
I'm like I mean and I'm glad to be here
but also how did I get better for you
sir I don't have any kids and I my dad
wasn't really involved in my life
no it's played up a lot you know we see
the ads you know don't forget to be a
father today yeah yeah you know and it's
like no no don't forget to be a husband
you know the best it's like cuz we hear
all the time you know the most important
thing in my life for my kids made my
kids whether they you're separating or
whether they're together it's like no no
the most important person in your life
is supposed to be your spouse you know
actually I mean really the most
important person is opposed to your life
is the Lord Himself who teaches you how
to love your spouse like I was saying
earlier my love will hurt my spouse so I
don't dare try to love her on my own
accord I go to I go to the Lord to learn
how to love her right you know the Lord
who says hey you need to love her like
you know I'd lay down my life for my
church I'll need out my life for you you
know and of course I'm no good to my
wife dead you know but you know but at
the same time good question I think I
think um you know since some of us all
of us are married but only two of us
have kids so if you what what is your
priority right if you have to choose
like is it is it wife or is it kids like
what's your what is your first priority
because people tend to build their lives
around this specific question my view
has always been
the whole purpose of marriage is the
procreation and raising of the children
in the end like if you have to boil down
marriage to it societal impact well it's
great for people who are married the
difference between in my view
traditional marriage and same-sex
marriage for example is that there are
certain marriages the produced children
and the whole reason that God cares
whether you marry another human being as
opposed to just sleeping and staying in
a relationship with another human being
is even lock yourself in for the benefit
of those children and if you have your
mind on that then it's better but you
know I could see that that argument be
made the other way I know dr. Laurel
always just make the argument the other
way that your spouse is your first
priority in your kids or your second
priority I tend to think the opposite
maybe because my dad raised me this way
the kids are the first priority and your
spouse an adult so your spouse is sort
of second priority how do you how do you
view that one I don't I don't actually
think I can I think the question is not
phrased in a way that can actually
answer it because the way I feel about
parents is that they are their
children's world I frequently see people
get divorced for bad reasons with young
kids and they say oh the kids are fine
and I think yeah the kids are fine you
just blew up their planet just beating
up their planet so you have to tend that
planet for them to live on I mean that
is the thing so you can say the kids are
coming first but in order for the kids
to come first the wife has to come first
I mean another way it's a copy of that
marriage model a nurse has got to be a
great place for them to live and it's
got to be a place where they again where
they see the values taking place and I
see everything happening the way it's
supposed to have yeah like so many
things I've heard it I've heard
something stated in a way that I
believed it was true and something the
very same thing but stated differently
and thus I believe it is false
my aunt once told me that you have to
love your spouse more than your children
she said you know if one of my children
was drowning and my spouse was drowning
I would save my spouse and what and and
it bothered me at the time because I was
quite young and I thought you know I was
the center of the universe kids are the
center of the universe but I came to
realize is that part of what she's
saying is that you you actually you you
so owe your children the planet that it
is but you know because she had other
children it was no she's not saying what
I save all of my children but I think
what she's saying is my children need a
father they they need a father so much
that it is worth saving my father for my
other children even at that expense and
that's such an unpopular
sentiment now that we rejected but how
she phrased it to me was they save your
dog and you let everyone
thank you on another occasion a close
friend of mine her father said to her
sister in a time of struggle you know I
can have other children but I'm the only
father you will ever have and he's
saying something that is mathematically
equal to what my aunt said the
difference is my aunt and my uncle are
fabulous parents and and have raised
wonderful children and this particular
father if we ever encounter him as a
group because none of us are very strong
individually but as a group we would
most certainly murder him and then we
would all get together from the next
cigar show and it would kind of occur to
me like halfway through like wait you
guys remember when we murder the key
right when you're saying do you prefer
your child or do you prefer your spouse
not having a child I can only think that
the answer to that is you prefer your
children in the preference of your
spouse it's not a one or that's right
it's a that's being a good husband is
the prerequisite to being a great father
is the best way to show your value for
your kids is to show the values for your
spouse that's that's what's really as we
look at it I mean with the divorce rate
and the way relationships are now you
just see you know generations coming up
and these these these cats are like
broken they're they're so insecure and
we wonder why people melt down so easily
well because their parental units melted
down you know and you see people that
don't want to take responsibility for
nothing they don't they're ready to cast
blame well they learn that from their
folks they don't want to take
responsibility for the dissolution of
their marriage and they cast blame on
each other wait think I learned that
from you know so it's like look and I
hear and I hear people who are you know
are no longer in their marriage anymore
and they talk about how much they love
their kids and stuff like this so why
don't you have that grace for the the
person you created the kids with we're
all that patience and all that
acceptance and all this that love that
you want to pour into your kids really
it's the self righteous guys really
you're trying to redeem yourself up
somehow for how much you love your
children
where was that grace for your spouse
yeah you know show that and in and I
think I would I would posture that our
generations would let the whole
different we would have more solid
people we would have all these
snowflakes they're just melting down so
easily if they come to grips with that
well there is you know now in the
culture there all these false
dichotomies so we redefined marriage and
you we say well I love my spouse so much
I love this life I don't want to have
kids I just don't want to do it I won't
and having been recently through a
Catholic marriage ceremony they're very
Pro kids life and there was this old
unity of the idea right this unity of
the family I love my spouse I am open to
life if you say that you're not open to
having kids then that Catholic Church I
think I'm the soul papist on the panel
they will not give you a marriage
license yeah not everybody gets to have
kids a lot of people can't have kids but
the openness to it is that unity though
if you if you're open to life you're
gonna love your spouse more if you love
yours but you know it's it's that one
thing to say that they're opposed is
crazy
why is that people see them they think
they love their child because they see
themselves in their child but they hate
their spouse for the same reason you
know this is this is the what we're
really talking about all this omus lose
entire conversation the great Jewish
toast look I am here we are actually
talking about life you know being open
to life being open to the procreation of
life the continuation of life the
dedication to life pro-life it's
pro-life this is also what makes you
know politics important in our normal
day jobs we're all talking about
politics in our fatherhood but this is
why I think that politics actually is
important because otherwise if you're
not talking about what you're doing for
the next generation what you're doing
for your kids and how you raise those
kids then what the hell are you talking
says become not about that right we
won't even talk about the ones that are
like the most base there are certain
basic issues that obviously affect our
children and we refuse to talk about
them because we're such a selfish people
at this point obviously you know the
breakdown of the entitlement programs
and all of our kids are gonna have to
pay for but we don't give a crap about
it because the baby boomer generation
wants its money and we want our money
and that means that our kids are gonna
have to pay for that or whether it comes
to that there's this there's this
tremendous lack of self confidence in
how to educate our children that's
happening right now I'm not gonna put my
values on my kid because if I put my
values on my kid and that's me imposing
my worldview on my kid and how could I
possibly impose my worldview on my kid
look a worldview is going to get imposed
on your kid
because your kid is not capable of
making decisions which means that it's
up to you now you need to decide what
you believe
and this is one of the things that when
you're parents I think when you first
have kids this is true when you're
married to a certain extent because
you'll figure out whether you have
common values with your spouse which is
why I always say don't date in syrup
oolitic ly into religiously or intra
values wise I think the generally
speaking you should be dating people who
I'm sure about it gives you the best
odds of success some some of these other
things work but the best odds of success
you're dating somebody who has the same
values once you have kids then whatever
you thought that your giant kind of
panoply of values was has to narrow down
to the values you are willing to teach
your kids what are these what's the set
of values that you're going to teach
your kids and this is sort of been my
interpretation of the most bizarre you
guys got in to talk about the New
Testament so bear with me the most
puzzling aspect of the of the Old
Testament obviously is the sacrifice of
Isaac which everyone is puzzled over for
generations and kirkegaard came up with
the idea of the the teleological leap
beyond beyond reason and all of us but I
think that the what that story is really
trying to say is not that God wants you
know your child to die in an altar I
think what that story is really trying
to say is to put it in the Jewish
context when I decide to raise my kid
Jewish I'm making a specific decision to
put my child at risk and when I was in
law school there was a guy who I was who
I was going to law school with and it
was Mike and the Jewish guy and he said
specifically he did not want to get
married to a Jewish person and raise his
kid Jewish because he said the single
greatest risk factor I can add to that
kid's life is making that kid Jewish
considering the amount of anti-semitism
in the world so why not just move out of
it and then I don't have to worry about
it anymore which is not the worst logic
right I mean if you actually want to
protect your child if your chief goal in
life is to protect your child you're
going to bring your child up in the way
that is least likely to put them in a
risky situation they don't have to stand
for anything because standing for things
means you're also most likely to get
knocked down well I think that what the
sacrifice of Isaac really is saying when
you read the story is pretty clear
actually is it God is saying are you
willing to sacrifice your child's me not
in the sense like I want you to kill
your child are you willing to heighten
the risk factor for your child's life by
teaching them values that put them more
at risk in the world and standing for
things makes you more at risk in the
world
standing for things makes you more
likely to become the target of people
who don't like your value system and so
when in the easy way in America in a
free country the easiest way to
bring up your kids and say no value
system it all go to public school and
buy whatever you buy from the culture
we'll all get along it all be great but
that doesn't create the Warriors
necessary to defend the Western
civilization that's going to promote the
possibility of a further generation
because that line runs out pretty darn
quickly and so we have to decide all of
us as you know parents and prospective
parents what are the values that you
want to pass down to your child and you
have to have the self confidence and in
my view the scriptural confidence to say
these are the values that are worthy of
passing down to my child and worthy of
me making my child's life more risky and
I can tell you by the way just as
somebody who has older children grown
children that the proudest moments in
your life the best moments in your life
are those moments when your children
turn to the wave of culture and say no
I'm not gonna do it I'm doing it the
right way when that happens to you just
think like little kids do the right
thing yep it's an amazing music an
amazing thing the other day my daughter
did something wrong and she she lied I
said and I said sweetheart you're not
allowed to lie you're just and you're
not allowed to lie I'm upset at you
because you lied and she started crying
because she felt guilty and then she
said daddy I love you I'm never gonna
lie again and then she wouldn't get off
it like for a while she was really like
very upset that she had lied she said
I'm so embittered I'm embarrassed that I
lied she's very smart for a
four-year-old and she and she and I
thought now this is a good thing
I'm creating a good person here right
I'm partnering with God and my wife in
the creation of a better human being not
just in the inception of this human
being but in the raising of this human
being you become partners with God and
raising your child and if you don't take
that partnership seriously then you
ought to put the kid who doesn't have a
God and doesn't have a childhood doesn't
haven't adulthood and she feels guilty
in front of you because you modeled that
- exactly she knows and what better way
to facilitate somebody you know when
they're talking about you know a child
should bear to make their own decisions
stuff like that yeah I agree
but just like anything else don't you
want to give them something foundational
don't you want to have them to have like
a level you know a level foundation and
a clear perspective on how to make
decisions for themselves it's not
imposed it's like look I'm not gonna
take this Bible I'm gonna beat you over
the head with it it's my responsibility
to make sure that you understand what it
is to make the choices like hey when you
had that you know the situation with
with Adam and II Old Testament wouldn't
have been nice if God if Adam would have
sought the counsel of God you know so
you got at it hey pops you know um
see the snake is trying to push up on my
woman right now I'm not quite sure
because he's right there you know he's
standing right there and he has no
excuse not to seek the counsel of God to
understand what it is that he's supposed
to do you know what is he doing steady
hides in the bushes but you know but
there was no excuse for that and you
know even in speaking of you know a
bothers date they what what greater
story between a father and the son and
and his bride now because we're talking
about you know the bride you know the
the one who said that you know speaking
of Isaac you know Abraham and speaking
of father in the son and the sacrifices
that are made the sacrifice to show the
love for the son the show of the show of
love for the father and the show of love
for the bride I mean this all plays in
and this is something there is there's a
lapse somewhere in the culture of where
this is missing where we're supposed to
line up but what our priorities in love
are supposed to be so you know a man and
a woman and their children it's why the
first great gift you can give to your
children is to model being a father and
husband and that's the answer to your
question from a minute ago if God is
father and husband you can't not maybe
not you can't it will be much harder for
you to pass the values of monotheism of
Judaism and Christianity on to your
child if you have not first modeled for
them what it even is to be a good father
second the second great gift is to say
no to your kid as Judaism he points to
him he says Christianity points Joe you
and me get the seat warm for brother
Nick the international film and
television star thank you somebody's
gonna certainly come help so and I'll
use this moment to say if you are not a
subscriber over at the daily wire if you
are not giving us your sweet sweet money
on a monthly or annual basis we the
shekels in everything there are things
you are missing among which are being
able to write to Alicia Krause over in
the green room and ask questions of the
panel if you have questions on
fatherhood if you have questions on what
it means to be a husband what it means
be a man in today's world if you just
want to share with us some story about
the advice that your father may have
given to you I think your your chance is
now we're gonna take questions one more
time again daily wired comm become a
subscriber get the leftist ears hot or
cold tumblr get the live broadcast of
the Ben Shapiro show the Andrew Clavin
show the Michael Noel's show also access
to all of our back catalogue ask
questions during the conversation it's a
is it worth it yes and you know one of
the as we've talked about all of these
things today I've I've got a real sense
of gratitude towards my parents and I
Ben I know you do too for enduring the
difficulties of marriage on our behalf
because it at the end of the day you
know the own children aren't the only
reason you can have a successful
marriage but I think I think that in
most instances children are are part of
the glue that keeps that keeps marriage
as healthy and functioning and they're
also an obstacle I mean that let's be
real about this yeah let's do make
marriage harder I mean there's there's
no question that you lose more time then
you have to spend more time there's more
stress you're more stressed out I mean
you're more tired there's it these are
these are just things that happen when
you have kids and it should make you
more grateful one of the big things is
is making sure that you're more grateful
to your spouse for helping you out with
a burden as opposed to angry at your
spouse for for having to you know do
things that you don't want to do right
now it's it is a glue that hold the kids
are a glue that holds families together
but they can also be a real divisive
force if you are not willing to
acknowledge what it is that your spouse
is doing for you and also if you are not
willing to see when you're wrong like
it's you know the old joke is that you
know the first words that you should say
when you wake up in the morning your
wife as I'm sorry just get it out of the
way but but it is true that I think that
what makes you a better human being in
regards to marriages is recognizing when
you're wrong and it's a hard thing to do
especially when you're tired in your
grumpy to stop for a second and just say
is there a point here to like it is it
really from being a jerk because
sometimes you really are being a jerk
and if you can do that then I think that
that's also something else to model for
kids because kids need to learn to say
that they are wrong if kids never
believe they're wrong the self-esteem
movement has done more damage to
children than any other thing that's
happened over the last 50 years in this
country the whole idea that you're
supposed to express your emotions and I
think we we probably agree on this ya
know emotions
you don't have emotions but when if
you're annoyed approach you can have a
modem down into a beautiful stomach
ulcer it's a good thing to be able to
say to your wife I'm annoyed without
saying
you stupid a wife with another human
being another adult human being and you
don't grant them the freedom to
criticize you right if you don't then
you're not allowing part of what God
gives us in marriage is a mirror by
which we get to see our own faults and
flaws through the pain that that may
it's a horrible it's not horrible it's
beautiful but it's tragic that we we see
our rough spots through the damage that
they can sometimes inflict on this
person who we love who were who were
making decisions with who is in this
battle with us and it's through that
that we learn the places the places that
we need to make improvements in ourself
if you don't grant your spouse that that
freedom when you're single you think
you're perfect you really do when you're
single you think you're perfect in your
marry and you realize how screwed up you
are it's good for you it's actually good
frame you can be perfect as long as
women don't fly and swim into your can I
think men can be absolutely perfect as
long as there are no women it's the
minute women show up you think like oh I
get it I stink so we have Nick Searcy is
about to join us in I I just gotta tell
you guys nervous I know it was nervous
yet because Meriton internationals there
are stars there are film stars right
there there's Ella vision stars there
are national international stars there
are Academy award-winning stars yeah
there are far fewer statistically yeah
Peabody award-winning stars and I'm
gonna tell you guys a story about Nick
before he comes in for those who don't
know Nick Nick mix a better guy than he
wants you to think that he is but but
Nick is in every oscar-nominated film is
in every oscar-nominated film of the
last year Nick it's the modesty's I
think they're really this is a true
story about Nick and they're gonna come
help Nick it Mack miked up and plugged
in but Nick and I were together when we
first encountered Donald Trump and now I
have known I've known Nick Searcy for
quite some time been an admirer because
he leaves you really no option but to be
in it Nick is a shameless self-promoter
and there we were sitting at an event
that we were hosting and the future
president of United States walks in to
give one of his first political speeches
like this is like 7 or 10 days after he
announces for the presidency and no
stand-up comedy show I've ever been to
compares oh he was much funnier then
because it was shocking men like Larry
it was the funniest thing I've ever seen
and I looked over at Nick halfway
through this and I thought you have
faded like he is 3 he is 3 times the
mixer see that you are it's like a deed
took my acting school thanks for hanging
out with us you know yes I do
we have for you a limited edition Romeo
and Juliet straight from slave island
brought back with our own hands up
brought back with our own dance yes this
is great yeah amazing oh this is great
thank you
if you don't like it blame drew he
picked it well the best part of that
Donald Trump thing is that I had I I
wasn't even gonna go because I thought
this guy's a joke I don't see this but
you know he said that thing and then
we're not on yet right thing that said
you know it's gonna be kind of protest
outside so you might be a good idea to
take an uber or something yeah and so as
500 protesters outside her event
helicopters overhead and so I mark mark
and I decided to go but I decided to
wear my Lucha Libre wrestling mask so I
had like a white suit Libre mask we went
by the protesters and they were outside
going we are man to know Trump is racist
you know and they see me and they go
Lucha Libre screaming and I'm doing this
some media comes up with a microphone
and goes why are you wearing a mask I go
I'm this is a top-secret organization
also mink Searcy Nick Searcy comm maknae
schooled by Nicky receive because he
doesn't not one time as anybody asked
Nick why he's doing something and he
said it's a secret I don't know what
we're talking about fatherhood we're
guessing about being a husband being a
man because obviously it's Father's Day
I actually told a story about you before
you got here it was it was Jonas it was
generous the kind of thing only nice
very strange I don't trust them but you
you occupy a unique space because you're
the only person that we're talking to
tonight who has adopted a son and we we
talked a little bit about it in your
absence but I'd love to just hear your
perspective on what it is to be father
to a child that you chose I mean that's
a unique that's a unique situation yeah
well it was unique I mean we had we have
a daughter Chloe who's 28 and grown and
and you know older older than your son
yes she's 28 hours old
yeah um but that sort of how it came
about is that Lesley now we're wanting
to have another child and we you know
tried some various things and you know
not to go into detail but you know for
whatever reason and so you know we were
talking one night and Lesley was like
why do you why do you think you want
another child you know I said well
honestly I guess I guess having had the
experience of raising a girl I would
like to try to have the experience of
raising a boy too and Leslie said well
you know there's no guarantee that if I
got pregnant it would be a boy so why
don't we just go adopt one mm-hmm that
made sense and my daughter brought home
a thing from school that you know had
child's social services number on it
said every child needs a home and Chloe
handed it to us and said you know they
do you know Chloe's about 11 so we went
through the process and just became
foster parents we decided we wanted to
adopt out of the foster care system and
you know that's just kind of how came
about and we got qualified to be foster
parents and then immediately when you
get qualified they just start calling
you up and no matter what you told them
you wanted there like one you know we've
got triplets here that you know you know
and so we we met a you know number of
situations that you know we're kind of
heartbreaking but sort of wrong for us
you know and my wife was looking for a
child that was five years old so that it
would go to school the next year but we
we met Omar who was with a family that
he'd been with since he was two weeks
old I think and that family was leaving
the state and he couldn't go back to his
birth family so he had to be moved and
when we met him you know always told my
wife I always tell everybody it was like
the most direct experience with God that
I think I've ever felt because the
minute I laid eyes on Omar I knew that
he was supposed to be with me I just
knew he was my son
and so he was 15 months old
you know just graduate from high school
and now we're taking him to college and
in July yeah he's gonna play basketball
at wake Technical College in Raleigh
North Carolina and I'm moving to North
Carolina for basketball season will be
privileged to have an international film
star and yeah I graciously told my wife
that she could move with me cuz she
comes first you know so was there is
there a some kind of difference between
raising your child that you adopted and
raising your child that you had
biological yeah I mean yes there is I
mean you know when you have a biological
child you kind of there are certain
things that you just sort of
instinctively know about them because
they're part of your flesh and blood or
something you know they inherit things
from you they inherit traits from you
they their looks their personalities oh
that's just like your mom you know
whatever yeah but when you adopt a child
he comes with his own set of things that
he's inherited that you so like you know
for the you know for his whole life you
just go okay where the hell is that
coming
you know but but in terms of like you
know the sort of feeling that you have
for them I don't think there's a
difference I mean you know we love them
our and been in love with him since he
was baby but he's he's been sort of a
mystery here he doesn't have any of our
traits inherited and he's got his own
set yeah there's a weird weird question
that is really only applies to you and
me is that when you live your life in
the arts there's a certain amount of
self involvement that just comes with
the profession I know you would never be
it just anyway I understand but as an
international films I know you're an
international film star because I read
it on your Twitter feed if achill t do
you think in being a father well yes and
no I mean yeah you do have a tendency
sometimes to get kind of wrapped up in
your own in your own head and your own
activities but on the other hand your
home a lot I mean I remember my daughter
had you know career day at school when
she was in kindergarten and the other
kids were like going my dad's a fireman
and my dad you know he works at the
hospital and well he goes I don't know
what he does yeah but you do have it and
my wife reminds me of that has reminded
me of that many times over the years in
a very colorful way having my head
somewhere that it shouldn't be yeah
we're gonna take our last round of
questions from subscribers over at Daily
wire comm these are the privileged few
through our our monthly and annual
subscribers to get to write in and ask
questions of the panel Alicia what do we
got oh we have a very important question
here Luke says Ben speaking of fathers
is your father's daughter in law a
doctor that is that is the rumor rumor
is that she is in fact a doctor I would
never talk about such things it's like
somebody who'd never talked
being an international Philips talk
about my wife being a physician in
family medicine being in school forever
never ever getting out of residency ever
on this the fastest grow the biggest and
fastest growing podcast my favorite part
of hosting the conversations with Ben is
to see how many of those questions come
in we're definitely going to have to at
some point have my wife on like the
Sunday conversation yes all the women in
the office are very excited about this
just to see her just destroy me on air
here Oh destroy Shapiro and then in a
few years we'll have your oldest child
on and she also did the same yeah so
moving on a more serious question Jacob
asked a really good one this is
specifically for Ben how involved should
a dad be in their child's social and
academic life how thin is the line
between being a helicopter parent or a
deadbeat dad so you know the truth is
that drew is is sometimes better you
know position to answer some of these
because kids are older you know for me
my view is that when it comes to social
life you got to make sure your kids are
not hanging out with bad people which
means that you have to have a really
good handle on who your kids are hanging
out with a lot of that comes through
school choice in the community you
choose to cultivate and the people
you're hanging out with so keep keeping
your kids away from bad influences I
think requires a certain amount of
helicopter parenting when it comes to
academics the hardest thing is allowing
your kid to fail and you know I think
that it really is a factor of effort so
what we've been trying to teach my
daughter is that it's not a matter of
what you accomplish it's a matter of the
effort that you're putting in because if
you praise the accomplishment then they
get used to the accomplishment then when
they fail then they get really upset and
they destroy themselves
but whereas if you praise the effort
while the effort is always just a factor
of how hard they're trying that's the
only thing I can control anyway because
if you're trying as hard as you can you
can't control anything beyond that so
what that really means is that in terms
of academics I'm very involved with my
daughter in terms of reading books to
her and teaching her how to read right
now and all that but once she gets to a
certain point I want to help her enough
that she has the tools so that she can
do the work but then I want to leave her
to her own devices to actually actually
succeed or fail it raise long relation
for for nichkhun and drew
which is because you have adult children
now what what obligation does the father
have to turn loose of the child and to
let them become their own person so the
whole obligation is exactly what you're
trying to do is let that now become
himself at herself and be free but it's
not helicopter parenting to pay
attention to the kids social life and to
pay attention to the kids academic life
its helicopter parenting never to let
the child fail and say or risk
take a rest that's helicopter parenting
and that I think is smothering I know
it's not the same thing I noticed this
with both of my parents because I think
it's easier for the father to you know
the father is not probably going to be
baking cupcakes and going to you know
every PTA meeting or something but both
of my parents were always aware they
were aware of things I did not know they
were aware of they were always very but
they weren't inserting themselves all
the time in all this little I think that
that's the real key because I would see
I'm not an international film and
television that I'd be going on these
little auditions or doing little thing
as a teenager or something I'd see these
poor kids with these stage mothers and
these you know stage father's sometimes
hovering constantly in everything and it
just destroys that's the biggest thing
is not living out your own ambitions
through your kids that one is really
tough and I mean having that as a four
with the boy Robin the two-year-old
saying well I would love for you to do
this well maybe my kid doesn't want to
do that or make it isn't qualified to do
that maybe they're qualified to do
something else yeah that's huge you know
although I remember talking to your
daughter they're telling me how you
would you liked the idea for becoming an
actor whereas I would have like laid my
body down my wife and I are just you
know she's my wife's a dancer and an
actress and Chloe I remember she came
home from college one time and said you
know I'm thinking about maybe coming up
going to law school and Leslie now we're
like what so boring no daughter of mine
is gonna be a writer
but also about the academics you know
it's sort of we had totally different
experiences with Chloe I don't think we
ever spoke to her about her homework her
whole life you know she did I got this
you know she was just on top of it all
the time and so and you know she was
great she was a great student with Omar
we were just like buddy you got a C it's
like you know you just take them where
they are and as long as they're making
the effort that they need to be making
and you know then that's on account of
boys and girls being exactly the same
unlike as Nick said you know their kids
go into acting know it's easy go into it
don't be like Nick is generally good at
time right because you can't speaking of
those kids Susan asks hey guys this is
to everyone what do you think about
women who have been divorced but have
kids in terms of what's best for the
kids should they try to remarry
I have an opinion about this actually
mature me you have an opinion about
everything I think that there's a real
age age of the child question which is
that if you have a child who is very
very young newborn 1 2 3 I think it's
the obligation of the mother but let's
put divorce aside and think maybe the
the father passed away because it takes
out some of the complications if maybe
there's a bad father out there somewhere
but that there's a certain obligation on
the part of the wife to at least try to
remarry in in the period when the child
is still young enough that having a
father is going to is going to be part
of their foundational sort of
understanding of the world
however if if the child is let's say 13
one of the hard ages 11 12 13 I actually
think that there's the opposite
obligation it's incumbent on the parent
not to remarry during that period of
time when what you're going to thrust
into the child in the hardest years of
their life is confusion and competition
for the affection of the parent
that remains and then once the child has
grown now it's incumbent on the parent
to pursue their own fulfillment in
whichever direction that takes them and
even if it offends the child because the
20 year old child or the 21 or 22 year
old child may still struggle with the
fact that mom is now dating another man
but at that point part of what you have
to model for the child is the pursuit of
marriage the pursuit of of fulfillment
and finer things for yourself and that
the world isn't you know but now that
they're an adult they can't have all of
you in the same way that they've
formerly had all of you what do you guys
think
yeah I'm listen as the sole papist again
in the room I'm very anti divorce yeah
and I really I benefited you know in a
way because the divorce of my parents
happened when I was so so young my
mother didn't remarry she didn't really
date in my recollection at all really my
father did remarry that worked out fine
but I had functionally my parents yeah
saw them everyday lived with my mother
saw my father every day and that's the
reason it worked I mean that's I really
when I think back if my mother had dated
or remarried I really think there's a
great deal of wisdom in two millennia of
a church saying don't you dare divorce
don't you remarry there's a big debate
now going on in the Catholic Church can
civilly remarried people receive the
Eucharist and all of that and the
traditional people are saying no there
were all of these external effects that
can really screw up a kid and though and
those are the victims of it you know
they're the they're five years old so
they can't really say they're the
victims of it but there is a real cost
to them Jeremy I think I think you're
basically right but I think that just to
make it a little bit more general I
think that the real question is are you
getting remarried for the benefit of the
child are you getting remarried for the
benefit of you and if you're getting
remarried for the benefit the child even
if it's a troubled ten-year-old who
needs a father in the home to actually
crack the whip and then it seems more
acceptable to me but if you're just
doing it because you're lonely and
because you're having a problem then
your kids at that point your first
priority is making sure their kids grow
up healthy not not your own happiness
and all of our opinions on anything like
this are kind of generalities on it's on
one level or that's what we're not there
is
like that is like Messi and I will say
that the Catholics I mean there's a
close as I come to being Catholic is
thinking if you have small kids and your
spouse is not cheating on you or
addicted or abusive keep that marriage
together man I mean it is worth any kind
of sacrifice to keep that world together
for your kids
doesn't it go to that discussion you
were having earlier though about the you
know the the husband and the wife having
to make the major relationship
themselves in order to protect and
provide a safe space for the kids and
it's like if the mother is not
remarrying because she's afraid of what
it would do for the child and it makes
her miserable is that really helping the
child surely I think I mean there it's a
question you're right and and and then
to point it back to the individual
circumstance on on some level and and
and still preferring creating those
structures for the child right your
obligation in that environment is to the
child but it's also you know drew you're
talking about sticking it out and part
of what's hard in that lesson especially
because we get such instant
gratification now we're the richest
people who've ever existed we have the
most access to any pleasure any
superficial satisfaction that you could
ever officially views of VPM you know
yeah but it it people often frame their
divorces in these sort of long false
dichotomies like you just want me to be
unhappily married to this person to help
this kid and of course if the answer is
be unhappily married to protect the kid
the answer is yes but I just almost
always reject that those are your only
that's that's you can also salvage your
marriage you can build a better marriage
it goes back to that conversation from
very early on you're married to it
you're in an arranged marriage now
anyway the marriage that you have does
not have to be the marriage you have had
that's right that's right the the prices
I mean reaching this age you see some of
the friends you grew up with and grew
old with the things they suffer from
worst are the little things they didn't
fix I mean it's not the it's not the big
mistakes we all make big mistakes along
the line but it's the thing you do every
single day and even your friends say do
you stop doing that that's hurting you
and you know it but you don't do
anything about it fix it but this is
this is also why did I
think the only important decision you
make your entire life is who you marry I
really think it's the only important
decision because the kids that come
after that I mean half of all kids were
were conceived by accident right we live
in a world where everybody's being
planned but the reality is that for
virtually all of human history half the
time the babies were premature so it
really is about that and this what my
dad always said when we were growing up
which is that there's really only one
key decision they're gonna make that you
cannot take back and that is the person
that you marry and if you do that right
the rest of your life is probably gonna
go find and if you do that wrong you are
going to eff up your life beyond all
recognition and I think that's essential
that's means freak Alicia one more
question
this is a podcast so we could say it but
I don't think you would our final
question for not tonight comes from
Brendan and it goes back to a biblical
question why does the Bible choose to
portray God as a father when God is
above and outside the biological reality
and limits of male and female I think we
have to let Jeremy I'll a faster go for
it and then I'll do the rabbit
immersions I do I do think this is part
of what I was speaking to a minute ago
the question is why why does the Bible
represent God as a father when God is
obviously not gendered in the way that
you in the way of the creation he's a
middle-aged guy with a mustache but yeah
big long white beard and I think that
the answer is because of in God
condescending as I said to to us in a
way that we can't comprehend God and so
part of the beauty of God is that he
makes himself if not comprehensible at
least encounter Irbil and part of how
he's done that is to take the traits
that of father the trait of husband to
call himself things like love to call
himself you know if you take like a
Galatians 5 it's in the sequel to if you
take the sort of fruits of the spirit
that means the the the virtues of God
right that the Spirit is God and those
are the fruits of God as patience and
kindness and long-suffering humility
that God God claims those as himself so
that we can begin to understand him and
then as we understand him and whatever
small way we're able we then begin to
understand those traits so it you know
that it flows both ways we we only can
understand God because he's given us
some context for understanding him and
in the context that he gives us he's
also expressed
saying something to us about our
experience of the world beyond him
so God isn't our father but a father is
an entry to understanding God and then
God is an entry to understanding what it
is to be a father and so why doesn't he
use you know as in some religions the
feminine you know Earth's mother the
idea of because I think it's that God
while God does nurture us and give us
life which and even the Bible uses a few
feminine references to God and these
names of God but it primarily uses
masculine ones because unlike what the
pagans want us to think which is that
God is primarily about giving us life
and nurturing us God is actually that's
the beginning of what God did for us
what he goes on to do is shape us and
constrain us and then after constraining
us give us freedom and those are very
those are very paternal impulses you
know I often think of big government as
being the the perverse feminine values
that if the father gives you freedom the
father raises you to stand on your own
the father pushes you out of the nest
the father turns loose of you those are
those are our masculine impulses the the
perverse version of the feminine if the
good version of the feminine is gives
life give nurturing the perverse version
is use the gift of nurturing to gain
power and control and so the you know
Reagan is the father figure of a
president because he says out of the
nest and on your own I'm gonna raise you
to be an adult and then I'm gonna trust
you I know you're gonna make mistakes
but I'm gonna trust you to make your own
way Obama is the mother of the country
who says no honey it's okay I'm gonna
take care of your rent and I'm gonna
take care of your healthcare but you
really shouldn't eat that that's so well
said that's CS lewis talks about that he
says you know and when he's explaining
Christianity says Jesus is the only
begotten Son of God whatever that means
and he died for your sins
whatever that means I know I have a
finite intellect and I don't have the
divine logic of the universe banging
around in my head so I can't explain
what God the Father is right he is that
he is but I can know that God is the
father
gives me something it leads me there it
you know that's our old friend uncle
Aristotle you know who's talked talked
about God is the prime mover the way he
moves he's by drawing us to himself and
that's a very fatherly thing to do and
the Maimonides talks about the use of
homonyms in the Bible and the use of the
idea that we're using constant human
descriptors for God in the way that
atheists read the Bible is they say well
that's because human beings are writing
the Bible so they're taking their own
vision of their father and then they are
taken turning that into God this is sort
of Freudian version right totem and
taboo their tail you took your dad you
made him into God and that's why God is
the father and the way that that Jews
and Christians read this stuff is that
we can't describe God in any language
other than the language that we know and
so if God's trying to talk to us then
he's got to use language that we
understand with certain extent in
Judaism the there's the the basic kind
of division between male and female
typically on a spiritual level is the
division between justice and mercy so
mercy is considered a feminine quality
and justice is considered a masculine
quality which by the way is typically
how it works in the home I mean at least
that that is the way that it is worked
in my home just from natural just
naturally when it's time to bring the
hammer everyone calls dad right that's
just the way it goes like when it's time
for the hammer to come there's not a
teenage boy on planet earth whose brain
whose mother not one right that's why
when the fathers aren't in the home the
boys are disaster one of the decisions
that one of the questions about God is
is god primarily a God of mercy or is
God primarily a God of justice and I'm
not sure I'll be interested to hear kind
of the Christian perspective on this but
obviously the Old Testament perspective
is that God is primarily a God of
justice tempered by Mercy that the the
world is built along certain laws and
those laws operate in a certain way and
God can allow you to he can be merciful
toward you because you were not merciful
toward he you wouldn't exist right this
is sort of the story of Adam and Eve God
says if you do this your you will on
that day you will surely die but then he
doesn't kill at a long day right he
doesn't he doesn't kill Adam and Eve he
basically he says okay you're gonna die
eventually which is God saying okay if I
were to just punish sinners the way that
sinners deserve to be punished then
everybody would be gone now right but
God says okay well these rules still
apply but I will be merciful toward you
and you should be merciful to another
because I'm merciful towards you but in
the end God created a just system a
system that is that is built
on certain inevitable laws that if you
follow you will largely do better in
life and if you do not follow then there
will be certain things that happen to
you as well and so God is typically
portrayed in the masculine because if
you are going to say the primary quality
of God the God the primary quality of
God is justice which is interesting as
when you go back to Greek philosophy the
main quality men merchants people are
looking for generally platonic virtue is
justice right so that it's interesting
to see how that sort of merges I would
say the Christian answer is yes that God
is a God of perfect justice and perfect
mercy and in that way God sort of you
know there's that old question can God
make a rock so big he can't carry it and
the answer is yes and then he made a
mechanism by which he could carry it so
God God has this duality that creates
this sort of unbridgeable tension of
being perfectly just and perfectly
merciful which doesn't matter if you're
only dealing with righteous beings you
can be perfectly merciful and perfectly
just and those are just abstracts when
he deals with us now there's a division
and so in the Christians since he'd been
created the mechanism to bridge those
two in in Christ in whom he is able to
pour out his justice as a mechanism of
pouring out his mercy pour out his
justice on Christ so that he could part
as mercy on us Alicia thank you so much
for your I mean who needs the Wednesday
night Bible study when we have these
Tuesday night thank you so much for
filled in the questions for us tonight
and thanks to everybody who wrote in we
love hearing from our subscribers we
joke a lot about how we go g-guys for
you know all we give you is one lousy
tumbler but part of the reason that we
do these things that we do the
conversation and try to take questions
and interact is because we are so deeply
appreciative you guys make it possible
for us at the Daily wire to do what we
do on an ongoing basis and and and we're
grateful for it so thank you and we'll
catch you guys as far as questions go on
the conversation coming up with Ben and
then we're gonna do another one of these
I think around the fourth of July
sometime with a good special guest I'm
probably working then in the meantime
before we can adjourn for the night I
think we've got a few more minutes
another segment innocent I want to I
want to turn to Michael Michael Slater
Michael as everyone knows who was
invited nick was recently married
in in New York two weeks ago and I am
certain that you can't have a
conversation about what it means to be a
husband without all the old hands and
the only life they have some wisdom to
impart to the young but so I would
caution you of course to take all of
this with a grain of salt yeah but what
let's go around and what is the one
piece of wisdom that you would most you
know don't go to bed angry or I always
say the key to marriage is a two
bathrooms in a king size bed what wisdom
have you to impart mr. Shapiro's not to
sweet little ELISA Michael so you know
some people tell you to be yourself
don't don't do it
but in reality they I really think that
the key piece of advice is when your
spouse criticizes you listen because
your spouse is probably correct and
that's the hardest thing to do because
if for me it's very hard to do because I
mean look at me I'm unbelievable but it
is it is a difficult thing to do because
in the middle of you know arguing or
discussing or whatever it is in the
middle of the night when you're deciding
who has to get up and deal with the kids
you know it's it's very easy to think
okay well you know I did this last night
why is she why isn't she doing this
tonight and maybe it's because you know
she had a long day and maybe you're
being the one who's jerk and I think
that just like if you wanna have a
successful life and this isn't directed
to you if you don't have a dick because
it's not gonna happen for you but if you
want to in the abstract if people want
to have a successful life they can't
blame everything that's happening around
them you have to you have to work on
yourself the same thing is true in
marriage you want to have a successful
marriage you can't change how your
spouse reacts to you you can't control
your spouses feelings you're not
responsible for your spouse's happiness
you're responsible for being a better
person and then hopefully your spouse
will be happier because you're a better
person but I really don't think that you
can you all you can do is be a better
person toward toward your spouse and
then beyond that there it's it's just
not in your control I think you know it
was fine I was joking with with my group
I guess today's Tuesday so it was Monday
I was joking with him that all these all
you guys gave him such complicated
advice and my advice advice was don't
sleep with anybody else yeah
this is actually good advice but but you
know if someone I I have had and I've
written about this so it was malice
secret I've had this kind of
supernatural marriage of a genuine
romance that has gone on now forty years
and it's not it's a strange thing when
people ask me about it my first joke is
always you got to marry my wife but but
but the key thing I always think is like
be nice you know be polite I see people
talk to their wives in ways they would
never talk to a waitress in ways that
we've never talked to a stranger in ways
they never talk to somebody at work and
it just seems like that very basic thing
when you have something to say say it
politely you know I mean she is still
another human being she's still a woman
you know she still deserves that kind of
grace and politeness and gentility that
you bring even you that god help and
bring to everybody around you you know
you don't push people aside in the
street you don't snap at people in
restaurants you don't do all those
things and yet people take that home and
that's the first way they react to an
unwashed dish in the sink or whatever it
is and I just think it's just that
little stuck thing that happens in it
with every word you speak you know that
I think feeds into an actual good
marriage over something cuz you see
people do that all the time they're mean
to their family they're means the people
organs to them and they're nice to
everybody I know and to me that that is
you getting it exactly wrong it
shouldn't be mean to anybody but if
you're gonna be mean to anybody
shouldn't be your spouse no should save
that for people on Twitter at this point
you're the reason I'm on Twitter I have
two pieces of advice my wife when we had
been married about 10 years we have
friends a couple that have been married
longer than us and she you know in a
moment of just despair goes what's the
secret how are you guys so happy and
Carl and Nancy our friends said lower
your expectations and things have been
better since then that's one thing and
and the other thing is there's another
slogan that I've had been hard for me to
learn but I think I've finally learned
it and my friend Russell Friedman who
ran the grief recovery and
that you used to tell me this ask
yourself do you want to be right or do
you want to be happy this is exactly
right exactly right yeah so you know
when you realize that you're fighting
over something just to be right then you
probably are giving up your happiness so
it's funny because you know all of us
all the time especially on Twitter but
you know in just political life it the
method of debate is always to smash the
other person right you got a like that's
the line right is so-and-so crushes
so-and-so and but when you're in a
marriage you don't want to crush them
you know because you have to sleep next
to them and wake up and have breakfast
together and so it's you know it's a
very different experience than the
professional life to your personal life
oh you I'll do two as well the first one
is you know there's there's the whole
Ephesians thing about husbands or the
head of the wife as Christ is the head
of the church and that's always very
offensive to women because they think
that men want what they want so women
don't like the idea that they have to
submit to their husbands they assume
that their husband wants to rule over
them because they by and large want to
rule over their husband but in this is
actually the dual sacrifice there's no
such thing there's no such term in our
culture as the woman cave right there's
the man cave men don't want to be in
charge they don't want to be responsible
they're not as good at being in charge
they're not as good at being responsible
women are better at detail they're
better at multitasking they're better at
many of the things that a wife has to
trust her husband to be for her and the
husband can't stay in his mancave and
play video games which is what he wants
to do he has to leave behind his
childish ways of being selfish and and
an independent and now come and make
sacrifice on behalf of someone else so
so actually both parties in the marriage
are having to lay down the thing that
they want and step into a role that's
not natural for them in a kind of
optimistic faith in in the institution
of marriage and that's my ultimate
advice well I would add to that that
also remember that it says as Christ
loves the church which actually means
you know we often think of it in terms
of well I'm the husband I'm the man I'm
the leader but the analogy is actually
to teach you to be the bride of God to
be the one who is yeah who is the other
things which should give us some also
some sense of perspective on what's
being asked if the other person
but ultimately that's it is the
recognition that the other person isn't
you that they are fundamentally
different that you know you and your
wife will never actually agree on a
single thing and the the way that good
marriages get you in trouble
is that because you don't have a lot of
conflict you think you agree and because
you have good conversation and say all
the same things you also think that you
agree and so you'll say like I love
popcorn and your wife will say I love
popcorn and you will think that what
that means is that your wife loves
popcorn but that is never what it seems
you are you are completely different
people you are compared completely
differently even the areas of your
agreement are actually unique and
distinct and the reason Nick's lower
your expectations advice is so great I
think is because it's it's actually just
it's not lower your expectations it's
stop having these expectations that you
were never promised that the other
person will be you they will see things
the way that you see things that they
will want the things that you want you
have to actually understand that they
are other and my last piece of what I
think is top-notch marriage advice is
when when worse comes to worse go to bed
angry and I mean this it's a little bit
playful but what I mean is sometimes you
will encounter a problem in your
marriage that one single night will not
be able to solve and the idea that never
go to bed angry is such as always struck
me as a superficial piece of advice like
we're gonna be able to work out the
hardest conflicts in life in a single
moment but sometimes all you can do is
stop you go to bed and going to bed is
trusting the institution of marriage
it's it's accepting that if I go to bed
now I will wake up tomorrow still
married and that the only way that your
marriage marriages don't end they are
ended and the only way your marriage
will be ended is if you or your spouse
in it and sometimes there's just a
there's a surrender of faith of saying I
am NOT going to end this I don't know
how to fix it but the institution itself
will remain if I can just stop I have
one more I have one more so this is this
is one that I've used a marriage is a
great trick okay so
women do this thing okay and this thing
is that well at least my wife does this
and she knows that I'm gonna talk about
this so she's so what it is is that
women will ask you a question and and
they will talk to you about a situation
in their life and you will assume they
they want this situation solved right
they want this situation listened to
they want you to listen okay men don't
like this stuff right men wait when you
hear a problem you want to fix it cuz
you're a dude but when your wife your
wife just wants the feeling of you
having listened to her so I have an
actual rule in our house which is that
as soon as my wife starts with us I will
ask her is this a solving conversation
and it works great it works great
because my wife is a good enough person
and that she understands that this will
make our relationship better if she
actually gives me an honest answer
she'll say okay I just want I would just
want you to hear what I'm saying right
now as opposed to I want you to fix it
because there's nothing that pisses off
a woman more than her giving you a
problem and you trying to fix it when
all she wants you to do is listen to her
problem this is an amazing and that is
so true I remember the first time I
encountered this I sweet little ELISA
had some problem you know and explained
it to me and I said okay well you should
do this and this and then do this
tomorrow and then it'll be good you just
want to fix this what else am I supposed
to this is eternal advice yes forget
everything else don't sleep with turn
for the evening on this the daily wire
backstage is sophomore effort yes I
think we gave it the old college all
right thank you guys for tuning in for
so very very long and we'll look forward
to seeing you again when we reconvene
here in a couple of weeks for episode
three
