we're live everyone hello I'm Alicia
Krause and this is our latest episode of
the conversation and with me is the
wonderful
Andrew Clavin we call you a novelist yes
a novelist Andrew Clavin that's a
behind-the-scenes wonderful he'll be
taking your all of your questions for an
entire hour starting now please remember
that our conversation is streaming for
everyone to watch but only subscribers
to the daily wear get to ask the
questions how do you become a subscriber
you may ask we'll go over to daily wire
calm and click the link to become a
subscriber or you can also click the
link in our video description if you
want to ask a question there after you
are a daily wire subscriber excellent so
we made the novelist joke because we're
talking novelists earlier yes and my nan
college-educated illiterate Minds like
well to qualify as a novelist do you
have to write a novel or does it need to
be multiple just if is how good it is I
think if you write one really great
novel you're a novel you've written a
couple really great ones I've written a
lot of great and you've you've written
two seasons now of another Kingdom
another Kingdom at yep I just started
planning the third but this second one
is just being released okay so that
leads me to a follow-up question I'm
listening to season one sorry wasn't an
ogee fan but it's now here daily wire
beautiful illustrations this one if you
are subscriber then you have access to
this and you know it's really cool to
see I love the power of audio and and
the narrative like I loved listening to
it like Chronicles of Narnia on tape
right because then you can just envision
it and imagine it in a different way and
you and Michael do such a good job with
the series but I did wonder even as I
was listening to season 1 was he already
working on season 2 and then you know
I'm sure there are people listening and
watching season 2 that are wondering oh
is he working on season 3 well I started
out with a vision of the whole thing so
I had the whole thing in my head to
begin with and now it's the details it's
working out the plot and working out
where exactly everything is gonna go and
when it's gonna happen the timing you
know what's what the action sequences
are like but I kind of know what the
story is about so how often do you get
like somewhere in the story in your gray
and never mind I don't like that well
that doesn't happen because I outlined
so much I know I'm working on
one's so hard he's the one I was just
talking to Shapiro about it's the one
thing about my job that I don't really
like that much cuz it's kind of boring
but that's how you that's when you say
like ad that's not gonna work that's
gonna be dull I'm taking that out I'm
cutting that I can drug bite it so that
and then when you're writing everything
just flows because you've done all the
prep I have to say I'm I'm always
fascinating the more I get to know you
how there is the dedication to it
there's the creativity of your craft but
then there's the detail of your craft
and that's that's a perfect example of
that Apple do not realize how much time
you spend shifting commas around no it's
like it is it's really detailed to work
and I love doing it
I love the actual writing of it but it's
really detailed complicated work because
it's your the one of my other obsessions
I love to do little puzzles like cryptic
crossword puzzles and it's almost the
same thing you know it's just like
fitting things so they go right where
they're supposed to go
the only thing about novel writing is
there's this emotional element because
you're fitting them right where they're
going to deliver the greatest punch
where they're gonna make people give
people the greatest insight and the
characters the greatest feeling of being
there and all that and that's it's just
it's a great profession do you also love
doing backstage because we're doing that
tomorrow
I love backstage because of the cigars I
mean cigars is a good honest answer
everyone should know that backstage is
tomorrow night and much like the
conversation anyone can watch but only
subscribers can ask the questions there
too and I'll be filling those questions
to you and Ben and Jeremy the god-king
and Michael is he there - he kind of has
to be there first question comes from
Joel
he says his Democrat Party beyond
recovery due to its embrace of socialism
and raucous behavior should we throw the
Dems in the waste bin of history with
the Whig party or her remotely similar
to those were presented in the Bible
this is a really long question dude
should this partly inform American
immigration policy like religion support
values remotely similar to those
presented in the Bible and should this
partly inform American immigration
policy there were like 20 there were a
lot of questions but let's stick with
the one about the Democrats that's an
easy the the thing is the Democrat Party
right this minute is outside of the
American is not outside of the American
mainstream it is outside of the American
story it is no longer interested in
continuing the American story it is
interested in ending it there's simply
no question about this there's no
question they're starting to talk about
packing the Supreme Court ending the
Senate ending the electrical electoral
college all of it based on the idea that
they do not like the fact that the
middle of the country whom they despise
can govern themselves they just don't
like it they don't like those people
they despise them they don't understand
why LA and New York and Washington don't
get to tell everybody what to do and
they don't want that local federal
government that is part of very much a
part of the American story built to keep
America free the only thing is the
history is weird it is entirely possible
that 50 years from now it'll be the
Republicans you know party that
represents that and the Democrats that
represent some kind of sanity things do
change the party as it stands now is no
longer an American party when I say that
by the way I don't mean the average
Democratic voter I know the average
Democrat voters voting the way his
parents voted or just trying to do
what's nice and not really paying
attention but I'm talking about the
people who are not only rioting in the
streets of Portland in New York but the
politicians were encouraging them who
are not saying you know dial it down
bring it back this is no way to behave
so I think it right at this moment the
Democrats are lost in a dark wood but
that doesn't mean they won't come back
alright so there you have there's some
hope for them yeah definitely okay don't
abolish them all together just the bad
guys yeah well you know they just have
to come to their senses
I'm really hoping they get I don't think
this is gonna happen but I'm hoping they
just get smushed in the midterm so that
old canny
political actors like Chuck Schumer will
say that didn't wear that resistance
thing wasn't working maybe we should go
in a different direction because that
would that would be a very fast cure it
is interesting to see this divide too
within the Democratic Party right now
which way are they gonna go yeah
especially when it comes to beyond the
midterms in the presidential election
yeah because I'm gonna put up because
whether you like him or not Trump is
unified the Republican party because of
his the success of his policies and the
success of his politics
whereas the Democrat Party is really
depending on what happens in the
midterms it may be at two two parties at
each other's throats all right next we
go to Arun who says hi Andrew do you
think that any non Abrahamic
a brahmic a brahmic see I told you
earlier always I always miss work and
it's usually with Shapiro but now we got
it with flavin to Abramovich in support
values remotely similar to those
presented in the Bible should this
partly inform American immigration
policy you know of course they do of
course some some religions support you
know their basic basic norms of behavior
that I think a lot of religions support
what I don't think any other religion
has is the intent especially especially
once you get to Christianity is the
intense personal relationship with God I
can't think of another God who says
you're not my friend you were my servant
now you're my friend you know that that
is an amazing thing I think that the the
idea that man is created in God's image
that the distance between us is
mitigated by the fact that we are
related somehow I think that those
things are really important so much of
what's important than the brahmic
religions is that intimacy and I don't
really think that intimacy exists
everywhere but you know I don't know
about every religion and I don't know
from the a lot of religions can only be
seen from the inside what what I would
say is looking at the history of the
West there is nothing else like the
Constitution anywhere else there is now
because they imitated it but there's no
there's nothing else like the treatment
of women anywhere else there is now
because they imitated all of those
things grow out of what what used to be
called Christendom you used to be called
Christendom and didn't come out anywhere
else even scientific thought didn't come
anywhere else so I have to think there's
something truly unique about this way of
looking at God and this would I concept
that the relationship between God and
man all right Ashton says as an Anglo
Catholic and someone deeply influenced
by st. Thomas and thus Aristotle how can
I promulgate eris Tilian virtue ethics
in a world dominated by materialism
well why that's interesting when you say
promulgate is suggesting that you want
to spread them I think first of all you
have to inhabit them and embody them I
mean I think that's the thing and
Aristotle tells you how to do it and so
does Jesus for that matter I mean
Aristotle says the
you want to become virtuous you have to
practice the virtues you have to
actually figure out the virtues are in
keeping with reason you have to figure
out what the virtue is and in Aristotle
is always some kind of moderation
between two extremes of something and
then you have to live it out and I you
know that's so much harder than you
think it is and that's why I worried a
little bit about the question you know
before you take them thus back out of
your neighbors I you got to take that
big plank out of your eye and that's a
lifetime achievement you know it's not I
hear a lot of Christians say like well
now the plank is out of my I can come
after here now yeah no no no no yeah
that's not the way it works you know so
I think that it is really really easy to
sit in a room and think about virtue and
it's really easy to get go to a party or
sit in your dorm at night and talk about
virtue it's hard in the moment to do the
virtuous thing especially when
something's at stake especially when you
know that job you want is there and
somebody else is in your way or when you
know the the money is on the table and
you can take it but you got to sell a
little bit of your soul
so you it's in those moments when you're
tested but it's every single day in
every moment that you are allowed given
the opportunity and the privilege to
practice virtue and that may just be
saying thank you to your wife when she
does something to for you you know like
I mean it's just no I mean really it is
every month and every moment thing and I
always say this but when people tell me
how are they supposed to sell what they
think is the proper lifestyle am i my
answer that is always live it with joy
if you are good but miserable that's not
a big advertisement for doing for virtue
you know if you are virtue at virtuous
and joyful and that's what Aristotle was
talking about it's always talking about
happiness happiness was the chief good
because it didn't lead to any other good
nobody wants to be happy because of
something you want to be happy because
you want to be happy right so if you act
well enjoy I think you will be an
advertisement for virtual I just gotta
say we're ten minutes in and I feel like
I'm at church hi fellow millennial I
love hearing from you and the daily wear
crew about domestic policy do you have
any suggestions of who to listen to
read to get some great info on foreign
oh yes there is this guy I mean it used
to be Krauthammer used to be the big
foreign policy guy but there is this guy
now and his name always escapes me that
it escaped me now but every Tuesday he
was in there today in the Wall Street
Journal he does the International page
and he is the best foreign policy writer
who is available daily that I can think
of I mean my biggest objection to most
foreign policy writers is they tell you
what's going to happen so if you do this
you know this is going to happen or or
the big ones are like there's a culture
clash coming or it's the end of history
or any of that stuff
none of that stuff I believe because I
think you're dealing with completely
unpredictable systems namely billions of
human beings right but but this guy and
I'm sorry I can't remember his name he's
got three names and I always forget it
but anyways in the Wall Street Journal
every Tuesday and he and he just writes
about what the situation is so for
instance we're dealing with this Chamaco
shogi thing you know the the journalists
the wopo journalist who was apparently
murdered in Turkey and the Saudi
consulate and he just sets up he says
this is what the situation is this is
what the who the players are this is why
they're doing that and then he might
make a recommendation but he's not
giving you this kind of Seir like vision
of what's going to happen next I'm very
very skeptical of that and very very
happy to get this accurate non biased
descriptions of what the field of play
is and it's hard to it's hard to come by
I feel like that's also hard to come by
in politics that's right that's right at
least people they're like well but
here's what's gonna happen and then
we've seen time and time again that
doesn't happen you know the two things
you need to know what is what's the
state of play who are the players and
what's going on and the other thing is
what's a vague idea of what you want
because if you don't know what you want
you don't know whether the thing is good
or bad and those things don't involve
predicting the future and it's it's easy
it's fun to particular future but we
really don't know what's gonna happen
ten minutes from now that's for sure
Jonathan says do you think one reason
that many highly educated people on the
Left maybe in part because they focused
so much of their own field on their own
field that they do not take time to
consider their political views boy that
that's a really good question my
suspicion is is that we're dealing with
a
powerful force that Americans don't like
to talk about which is class when you
become we have it we still have a fluid
class system in America it's not as
fluid as it used to be but you can still
know you know in America and I lived in
England for a long time where it's not
the same but in America if your father
is a waiter and you get into Yale you're
in the upper classes nobody cares that
your father was where they're kind of
impressed that you did that you know so
but I really do believe that classes
have coded systems of values so in order
to be in that class in order to be one
of us
as a Joseph Conrad would have said one
of us you believe certain things and
there has been a very very intensive
effort especially in the academy to sell
the concept that the cool kids believe
this the upper class people believe that
and and once you have that system in
place it's very hard for somebody who
wants to make it up and you know we all
want to rise we already do better for
ourselves and that's great but it's very
hard for people to abandon that and say
you know just like we're talking about
virtual before in that moment when the
Queen of England or whoever is the
leader of your group says to you I will
invite you to dinner and then you
realize you have to say well I'm opposed
to abortion and then get never get
invited to that dinner again it just
becomes very hard to proclaim the values
that you won't want to have and I've
seen this again and again because most
of the people I know are in that kind of
upper echelon and they just don't want
to let go of the in that it gives you
just believe in these things you know
most of them are obviously the most
educated people tend to have more money
that tends to make you a little bit less
aware of the damaging economic
consequences of social spending so
because it's not gonna affect you you
can afford the taxes you don't care you
know so you think like well I can afford
the tax but it doesn't dawned on you to
think that maybe there's gonna have an
adverse effect on the rest of the
country you know cuz you're out of touch
with them because you have assessments
yeah Matthew says Andrew why do you take
Friday off
I take Friday that was that was how we
originally set it up and we haven't
really thought to change it yet I do you
know I this is only half of the job I do
I do still write full-time and so I need
my my Friday
- right in and it does make my life a
little bit easier I mean he's got a roll
out another Kingdom I know I know
Sean says what are your thoughts on
those that open carry firearms in public
I'm four I'm four I'm a complete Second
Amendment purist you know I don't care
if you have a bazooka on your leg as
long as you know how to use it and
you're not a bad guy you know I think
that I I don't understand why for
instance in LA it's almost impossible to
get a carry permit and that's ridiculous
yeah and I think that I think that
freedom the right to bear arms is the
right to bear arms you know and we
should have that right and we should use
it and I don't think it increases
violence I think it actually keeps it
down because if everybody's strapped
nobody wants to start trouble you know
that's for sure Margo says is it
possible for drew to do Andy Millenial
without losing it and breaking it
laughter it's so funny we're dead
Knowles and I were talking about this
yesterday we were sitting there saying
we should do some more Andy millennial
we always make a resolution that we're
not going to crack up we're really the
last time we were both really into it
we're gonna get through it I must have
gotten five words into that and seniya
Knowles's producer just let fly and once
once somebody once somebody laughs
everybody laughed so we're working on it
we assign our scientists are working
around the clock and we'll do it a
venture veronica says I see how it may
be good to give say a Hispanic B student
a chance to go to Yale versus another
Asian student that has a four point
eight for example but what's wrong with
giving someone an opportunity to be a
solid student at a top school yeah I'm
completely against this first of all you
cannot give privilege to one race
without taking privilege away from
another race and who are you to say I
look either either judgment people and
reacting to people by their races right
or it's wrong I think it's wrong I think
we're made in God's image I think
anytime you judge a person by the color
of the skin you're acting like a buffoon
I think you are actually sinning against
the image of God so I don't see how you
can take a system that's so complex with
so many billions of people and decide oh
well all the people who are colored like
this need to be treated this way and
then that'll be more fair than that stop
doing it treat the peep
individuals if the guy's 4.85 really
takes it almost more than that to get
into Yale put him in Yale if he doesn't
belong there you're doing him a
disservice because he's going to be in a
place where he's gonna fail you know
you're putting him out in a place where
he's gonna be the least person there
instead of a bigger fish in a smaller
pond where he might really find what
he's good at and I just think you know
we have bought into this where we even
discussed the fact that we even discuss
it to me is disgusting you know a person
is a person he walks in the door she
walks in the door she's on you know like
you're gonna say who is this person how
do I get to know them let the people who
you know do the entrance interviews at
Yale and every place else work it that
way stop looking at that this little
tiny layer of flesh that people have
that somehow has become the doctrine
you know it's what what it is is in
trying to correct the racism that has
been part of this country and every
country we've adopted it
you know we've said oh we can fix it if
we now balance and you know because it
was against black people so now we'll be
nice to black people just get rid of it
that's the only thing you can do and I
know it's gonna be unfair for a while
but it'll all work itself out in the end
it's the and since it's the only thing
we can do it's the only thing we can do
Carlos says King of the multiverse
Clavin why is it that conservatives are
so against wheat and other psychedelics
isn't a conservative view to let people
do whatever the hell they want oh but
that's two different questions that's
not that's not a fair question
he seems like a libertarian to me yeah
well you know I I actually am for people
to do whatever they want as long as they
don't hurt anybody that doesn't mean
it's the right thing to do I mean
conservatives usually have an idea of
what the right thing to do is the
question is at at what point do you let
people do the wrong thing I tend to be
fairly libertarian I mean I always tell
people I don't care what they do I know
certain things they do are going to make
them unhappy but the operative word is
them it's gonna make them unhappy now I
gotta say like I I drink alcohol and I
like alcohol although I don't like
getting drunk so I'm not like an abuser
about we also talked about this earlier
yeah how qahal really doesn't help when
you're trying to lose weight really but
but you know I've I've never taken any
drug except when I was a kid in the 60s
I smoked a little bit of dope but I
never liked it
I tried it but I didn't really enjoy it
if that's what turns you on fine
I gotta say this LSD there's now this
new fad of micro dosing LSD and a lot of
important people have done it a lot of
people have recommended it to me I'm
really opposed to anything that wants my
immediate perception of the world so I I
love being here I love being on earth
okay that is an endearing but not always
admirable trait I mean I really am a
world thing you know I really do like it
here I don't want something I don't need
something to show me like the some
distorted vision of that I'm really into
what's going on you know it's like when
I say people I've heard people say you
know like break this under your nose
it'll improve sex and you think how much
better the sex gap you know it's good
much better we having a good time I
don't need to break something under my
nose you know and I feel the same way
about life so so listen you know do what
you're gonna do but I I think that I
have never met anybody who was wiser for
taking LSD though they both say so
I've never been anybody who was anything
less than stupid or for smoking a lot of
dope but you're on your own
you know alrighty Laurel says Andrew how
did your kids get to be so intelligent
very simple very simple my wife's family
is really bright yeah my it's really
true my wife's the father was one of the
smartest people I've ever met I mean he
really was and he's my son has his brain
you know it's his capacious brain and of
course my wife is very smart and that's
back think that accounts for all of it
so it's hurt all her sighs oh look at me
I mean I think you're pretty smart I
mean you could just use the word
capacious its capacious I just keep
using them hoping nobody questions me
about given that life is suffering would
it not make sense that abortion should
be legal
up until a fetus develops a fetal pain
circuit wait a minute let's given that
life is suffering yeah life is suffering
is the second great truth okay the first
great truth is that life is good and
and the wing you know that is because
you're still here suffering so in other
words in order to get to the point of
suffering you have to have chosen to
live to be or not to be is actually the
question you know so so that that's is I
think I know it's Buddhist doctrine but
I think the doctrine the life is
suffering is a shallow doctrine because
it's built on the second great truth
instead of the truth under it which is
that life is good I think that when you
eradicate a fetus let's put it that way
when you eradicate a fetus you have
eradicated a life that you know not of
you do not know whether it's a life
that's going to cure cancer you don't
know whether it's a life that's gonna
sing songs a life that's gonna raise
children I mean for for the love of God
you know raising a child well is one of
the great works of mankind and womankind
usually but still you know when you
eradicate that person you don't know and
and and the person you've eradicated had
no voice had no vote had no way to say
no no wait this this life is good my
life is good I want my life so it just
seems to me I don't understand how you
can justify it I don't understand how
you can justify it on the basis of the
person you're eradicating I can
understand how people argue over this
will ruin my life but I think there are
other other ways you can accommodate
that in other ways you can fix that but
at least you can make that argument you
can't make the argument that I know that
person's life is going to be no good or
it's gonna be suffering so I can get rid
of them I could do the same to any
person walk in the street just walk up
them say your life doesn't look so good
pow yeah it doesn't make any moral sense
alright irune says hi Andrew if we
discovered intelligent extraterrestrial
life tomorrow how would this impact
Jewish or Christian theology and your
understanding of the Bible now of course
it would depend on what they like where
they were who they knew what they knew
you know the one thing is is that is
that Jesus is God made flesh it doesn't
seem to me impossible you know in
theology that God might be made
something else for another race of
creatures that we know not of I mean I
assume that the world is that the
universe is not completely contained in
our imaginations I have a sneaking
suspicion I have a really sneaking
suspicion that if we see life on other
planets it won't be all that different
from us and I think that will set some
of
random evolution theories spinning but
won't really set theology spinning very
much in other words if a spaceship
landed and somebody got out and it
looked just like us except with a bigger
head or something like that that would
really mean that that evolution was not
as random as you think because the odds
against that happening in a random way
are almost nil right so that would mean
that that there was a system and
intelligent design to evolution which we
can't see because we're in the system so
we can't see whether it's random or not
and I think that life from other planets
is more likely to upend evolutionary
theory than they just a upend theology
sorry when you talk about the space
landing we see something that looks like
ourself I just kept thinking of
guardians of the galaxy - we're in good
shape but in general if it's Kurt
Russell were all over okay as far as
dating standards how much is too much
when disagreeing on values and the
lifestyle you and your potential
significant other want well you know
it's it's funny obviously you can't
answer that in any kind of detailed way
right you can't say 14 you know you
won't happen of 14 you know after after
you get to 15 the marriage is just not
going to work I mean obviously there is
some deep connection between people that
oh that overrides political
disagreements that overrides cult even
cultural disagreements and you can have
a long and happy marriage with a lot of
things that you disagree with more
important is how do you handle
disagreements because there's some
people who can't handle it at all we see
them running around the streets of
Portland you know in masks with clubs
you know those people can't handle the
idea that there are different ways of
looking at the world I've always been
really comfortable with that idea I
think part of being a novelist is
accepting that other people have an
entirely different conscience an
entirely different way of looking at
things and so if you have that and you
get along with somebody and you can live
with the fact that you know when you're
living with somebody of the opposite sex
you're living with somebody who's really
different I mean you're living with
somebody who is really different and if
you're going to sit there and think like
how can I you know why can't a woman be
more like a man or I can a man be more
like a woman you're gonna live a long
angry life you know in your marriage you
know and I think that that's true of
politics and culture as well obviously
obviously if you don't agree on anything
it might be a sign of the fact that you
have deeper differences that are not
going to meld as well as you like but
but you should be two different people
living in as one flesh that is kind of
the joy of the whole thing so what are
the kind are there three kind of big
things though that you think need to be
it will decide before you can go forward
well first of all one really important
thing I really do believe is sexual
morality I mean it's no good if one of
you thinks he's a faithful relationship
and the other one doesn't you know then
that's and people people laugh when I
say things like that but it really is
important you know you want to know that
sex means vaguely the same thing to each
of you even though it's gonna be
different for a man and a woman you want
to know that basically this is something
a way that you express your love for one
another and it's it's unique to this
relationship in your life so that's
that's an important thing obviously
people fight a lot about money you know
and I I personally don't understand
married couples who keep separate bank
accounts to me it's like you're a family
now and all the money is in one pot but
I know people make that work so I think
that you should you know you should
really talk about these are the things I
think you talked about before you get
married I think you should talk about
what sex is like and what you guys want
from it what how you feel about money
you know and obviously a big one is
children because I think that I see a
lot of people who got into a marriage to
have children and then one of them or
the other doesn't want it and that is
the one where you get to be my age and
if you haven't had children and you
wanted them you've really lost something
you know it's like not doing the job you
want to do you can you can fix that but
you can't fix not having had children I
mean having children is a big deal so I
think those are three big ones that you
want at least at least have common
ground I mean if one person says oh I
want four kids the other says I want
three you can live with that but if once
that person says I really don't want
this you better be sure in your heart
that when you get to be 50 you're not
going to be sad that you have no one to
spend Christmas oratorio third person
yeah yeah alrighty edie says hi and rude
how sorry do you support the death
penalty if so how do you square this
with the fact that you think human life
is sacrosanct as per your views on
abortion I can I can imagine a death
penalty that I would support I do not
for the death penalty is is currently
practiced anywhere in the United States
of America really yes I do not think it
is right to put a person in prison for a
crime leave him there 20 years at any
time during any time he could be killed
but is not going to be killed
takes he takes five walks down the last
mile and at the last minute he can be
pardoned I think that that's cruel and
unusual punishment and I think at the
end of 20 years you're not killing the
guy who did the crime is a totally
different person at that point I would
support some kind of death penalty in
which the one that I always picture and
I think this would be constitutional I
asked a lawyer once it would be that
there would be a special panel for each
person who was sentenced to death
it had 360 days to prove that the guy
didn't do it that's what he has to prove
not that the trial was wrong but that he
didn't do it and they work for 360 days
and on three days 361 they carry out the
death sentence now that doesn't seem to
me to violate this the sacredness of
life because the whole premise of the
death penalty is that you had you have
violated the sacredness of life you have
given up your right to the this good
thing life and so I wouldn't use it for
many things but there are certain things
I would use it I would use it for
professional killers I would use it for
you know killers with extreme
circumstances and then if you had a
death penalty like that where you knew
on day 361 you were going to die after
about 10 years you could then see did it
save lives one of the other problems I
have is that the death penalty now is so
erratic and so irrational that there's
no way to tell if it saves lives it's
like California yeah there's no way to
tell if it reduces crime or not so
listen I'm certainly not for the death
penalty if it doesn't reduce crime
because what's the point you know but I
think that I think that I could see a
rational death penalty where I felt that
I knew you were going to get a fair
shake we have DNA testing now you know
we can do all the things that that you
can do in a year and then it was carried
out and then I think after a few years
we should study its effect on it but I
don't think it doesn't violate my sense
of the sacrum the sacredness of life
because I think that's the hope
the death penalty that you have violated
that that sacred contract and there's a
consequence there's a consequence
all right please remember that our
conversation is live for everyone to
watch so we've people watching on
Facebook and YouTube and on daily
wire.com where if you are not a
subscriber then you can't ask Andrew all
these amazing and pressing questions
that you have and you have like 28
minutes and 30 seconds left to ask those
questions so go over right now become a
subscriber at Dale Ericom you can do so
over there or click the link in our
video description and to ask questions
just sign up that's it all right and be
sure to tune in for next month's episode
I have to sit down with Michael Knowles
again but that's gonna be on Tuesday
November 13th at 5:30 p.m. Eastern 2:30
p.m. Pacific time featuring the great
author himself Michael Knowles yeah
that's what he discovered he's a
revolutionary author he discovered that
words are not necessary he's been doing
this college tour recently so you should
check out to see if Michael Knowles is
coming to a college near you of course
you guys do those features through young
America's Foundation and I love that one
of the speech-like subjects literally is
the students requested that he write or
he deliver a speech on how do you write
a blank book and sell a hundred how to
how to write a blank book it's a hundred
thousand copies and I was like easy get
the President to tweet it I think I
think both Shapiro and I want to know
the answer to that question make on both
our lives a lot easier
sango's a way to a man's heart is
through his stomach what food does your
wife make that falls under this axiom
and are there any foods that signal
events uh you know I I love the fact
that my wife is a homemaker
after our kids grew up after they did me
full-time care she also became a
professional she's a psychotherapist but
she has remained a committed homemaker
it means a great deal to me first of all
I can't cook at all you know but but
it's not the food it's the fact that she
makes it I mean she's a lovely coach she
makes really good you know she's really
good what do they call it like home
cooking but but I just like the fact
that she makes she has made a world for
me that I can live in I'm not really
capable of that and I've been left on my
own I always joke that I'd be living in
a dumpster
but anywhere I lived would be a dumpster
because I really don't take very good
care of myself and it's I need somebody
I'm an artist I'm living in my head a
lot of the time I need somebody to take
care of me
so I think that you know when they say
the way to a man's heart is through his
stomach I don't think they're actually
talking about the food I think they're
talking about the care that that you get
which I think makes a tremendous
difference in my life and when I see
modern marriages where that's not taking
place I don't judge it you know whatever
makes you happy is good but III just
think I would have missed out on a
tremendous joy in my life which is that
my wife has made a place for me to be
and I would not have had a place
otherwise that's really sweet just like
pull that clip and give it to her for
Valentine's Day brian says hi Alicia and
hi Andrew hey Brian
he lives in Philadelphia and he's very
disappointed that the Gosnell movie
isn't playing anywhere near him do you
know if it will be playing in anymore
theater I do not know I mean they fought
very hard the producers worked very hard
and very diligently to get it and as
many as it got into you can see by the
fact that it has gotten almost no
mainstream reviews it's gotten a lot of
reviews because now we have some media
on the right it's got no mainstream
reviews the LA Times went out of its way
to attack it cuz it didn't look from the
review like I had actually seen it you
know so I would probably doubt if it
hasn't opened by now in Philly I would
doubt that it would be there but it will
come out you know all the other venues
DVDs and streaming and all that stuff so
you will get a chance to see it if you
can see it it really is helpful if you
go and see it in the theater every every
ticket that gets bought really helps the
cause of not just the film but of films
like this they when people know that
there's an audience there you can
sometimes convince the mainstream people
to chime in and make some pictures like
this but basically what the amazing
thing about the Gosnell story is the
only thing that makes it a story about
abortion because he killed babies who
were already born so it wasn't actually
killing them through abortion what makes
it about abortion is that the people who
support abortion won't cover the story
that's what makes it about abortion they
didn't cover the trial they didn't cover
the story they won't cover the movie
they won't let them give them movie any
kind of publicity at all and my question
to them is if abortions
murder how come you won't cover the
story of this murder who just happens to
be in abortions obviously in their own
minds in their own minds they know this
is homicide and they know that if they
watch a movie about abortionist who
commits homicide
they're actually watching a movie about
abortion they're saying not us because
we just made a level crime story that a
story of a killer so it's really
interesting to me that they can't it's
like they've got their hands over their
eyes and they're doing the same they
didn't cover the trial until Kirsten
powers basically wrote a column shaming
them into it they didn't cover the trial
and now they're not covering the movie
and that tells me something that tells
me that they're dealing with a great
deal of shame and guilt Spencer says
whom would you consider to be the
greatest writers in English language in
terms of style and were there any
writers who particularly influenced you
when you were crafting your own writing
style well the greatest writer who ever
lived is Shakespeare and he's one of the
few things in life that is as good as
people say he is I understand that now
he's very difficult to understand but
he's worth understanding because the
fact that he writes so beautifully right
such no he invented the language almost
he invented the modern English language
and yet writes such stories stories of
such action and adventure those to me is
amazing
I also Charles Dickens who I was just
talking about this with my wife in fact
that I'd like you know if you read the
opening pages of Bleak House it's
probably some of the greatest prose in
the English language it was just a
brilliant prose stylists and because his
stories are so much fun people don't
actually talk about how great he wrote
as for the effect on me I'm a child of
the American American tough guy writers
Hemingway and Raymond Chandler and
Dashiell Hammett and even though my
style over time has become a little bit
more complex than theirs I do believe in
that kind I do believe in the American
vernacular I do believe in fast moving
hard prose that gets you where you want
to go so for instance I was deeply
affected by the storytelling of
Shakespeare and I was deeply affected by
the storytelling of Wilkie Collins but I
didn't want to imitate it I wanted to
translate some of those things some of
those qualities that I loved into
American Pro so I have tried to write
very action-packed stories that yet have
insight into human life but I had to do
it in the England the American
vernacular not the English vernacular so
this guy's like Raymond Chandler
especially ran in Chandler I think and
Dashiell Hammett who had a huge effect
on me with a second tier of British
writers like Henry James Dickens and
Shakespeare who had deeply informed my
sense of what life is about
all right Dylan says hi Andrew I just
saw Gosnell this weekend what's your
opinion on birth control methods such as
Plan B or the morning-after pill a good
question as I understand that as I
understand it and I'm not a doctor and
so I'm not you know now that that there
is a chance of them of those pills
producing an abortion but they don't
necessarily produce an abortion you know
to me how can I put this I don't want to
dice morally dice this thing up you know
it's like if it's if you if you've
conceived a child that's a life that's
gonna take place in time you know it may
not be a full life in that moment but
it's a life that's gonna take place in
time let it live with the person with
you know and that means that you should
look at sex a little differently doesn't
necessarily mean that you should live a
chaste life until you're married but it
means that you should understand that
when you lie down with somebody and mix
your body with theirs you are doing the
thing that was given us to do that to
create life that is what is for that is
what it does you know and you are taking
that responsibility onboard when you do
it and so I don't want to sit here and
say I don't know enough about these
pills and how they work to say well this
is right and this is wrong but I think
is you have to live in a way that you
take your body seriously your body is
all you got of you you know your body is
speaking of a spiritual you but it's
still if that you know it's still the
language of yourself and so when you
treat that body like a piece of meat
you're gonna get yourself in trouble
your ultimate ly you're ultimately going
to be miserable that's one thing but
you're also going to get yourself in
trouble so I don't know my my feeling is
that when you and I didn't live this way
and so I'm I'm not preaching it hip
hypocritically I'm saying that this is
what I think you should do that
that when you lie down
but he liked that in that intimate way
you should be ready for the consequences
and not be thinking like oh my god now I
got to take this pill later and is it
right or is it wrong you know don't you
don't dice morality when you're talking
about human life you do the right thing
all right Shawn wants to know dear mr.
Clavin I'm a massive self saboteur how
do truly how do you truly surrender
yourself to God's will without getting
in your own way that's such a great
question such a deep rich question and I
think it you know there's no simple
answer to it one is that you want to
understand if you can if it takes
sometimes it takes therapy you want to
understand why you sabotage yourself
what it is that who it is you're trying
to please when you when you sabotage
yourself but you do want to understand
no matter how much work you do on
yourself the human will is broken the
human will wants things that hurt it the
human will wants to do things that get
me getting its own way every a champion
knows this every baseball player knows
that there's something in his mind that
wants him to miss them all and he is
doing everything he can every day to
hone that stuff away that it Whittle it
away and ultimately the best way to do
that in my opinion is to surrender your
will to the will of God and one of the
things about this is if you go to God
and you talk to God on a regular basis
and you tell him that that's what you
want to do because you can you can will
it without actually being able to do it
he will help you do that he will give
you insights into why you're sabotaging
yourself and if you understand that your
will is broken and your will is diseased
which I think the human will is it's not
you it's all everybody God will help you
with that you know I mean he actually
will and if you if you feel that you
were self sabotaging to the point where
you're mentally ill there are doctors
who helped with that they're you know
psychiatrists I hope nowadays
psychiatrists unfortunately drug to many
people the psycho therapists who the
psychologists don't do that they will
talk to you and sometimes just by
talking to someone this worked it made a
big difference in my life just by
talking to someone you can start to
understand where the traps are so you're
not walking through a minefield anymore
you're walking through a trap you know
field of traps that you can see oh this
is this is the part where I often do
this stuff still comes into my mind that
I know is self-sabotage I think this is
for everybody but now I know it I know
where it's coming from and I say oh no
I'm gonna put that aside I'm gonna ask
out for help with that I'm gonna follow
his will for my life instead of my will
I don't know anybody who doesn't want
something for his life that doesn't it's
not stupid you know that we want
something we want things for our lives
they're actually not the things we
should want and the hardest thing to
learn and the smartest thing to learn is
to learn to live the life God wants for
you not the life you want for you
because you don't know what you're
talking about
back to preacher Clavin hallelujah send
your donations into exactly if you want
more or less in this five John says hi
Andrew do you agree with Knowles that
transgenderism is the thing that broke
political correctness if not what do you
think is responsible well I think
transgenderism had a huge impact partly
because it's so irrational but partly
also because Obama Obama always used
political correctness and cultural
issues to distract from the fact that he
all his policies were failing so you
know like as he said he did yeah he set
the middle-east on fire he sat on the
economy that just wanted to rebound
people keep saying well the recovery
started under him yeah even he couldn't
stop it but if he could have he would
have you know it was obviously one of
this this big bounce to take place
everything he did
stank every single policy did saying so
what he do is look over there a black
man has been killed in the streets of
st. Louis and he go like yeah but he was
a criminal in the cop I don't know he
was black and the cop was white so it
must be a pop if he would do it over and
over again when he said we've got to
deal with transgenders we've got to let
boys who think they're girls into girls
rooms of schools that was a moment when
I thought you know what we may win the
next election because up until that
moment I thought there was no chance
we'd win the next election the minute he
said it I thought we may win the next
election not because I care about you
know I have any ill feelings against
people who were confused about their
their sex but because I thought what is
the Chicago pall know about what should
happen in a school in Arkansas or
Alabama or Tennessee nothing he knows
nothing he's a corrupt Chicago pall
dictating to people he knows nothing
about he doesn't like so in that sense I
think it really did break
the whole the dazzling hold that this
racial guilt and sexual guilt that they
left has been selling for 50 years it
broke the hold of that you know because
it was and because we're so rational
once you say to people you know some
women have penises they're thinking like
anybody can have baby so I do think I
think the thing that is really sinister
but also hopeful is political
correctness is mental slavery it is
telling people what they are allowed to
think in order to be virtuous and all of
us want to feel more virtuous than we
are and so I think the oppression of it
the fact that people are afraid to say
what they think the people in the fact
that James dam or can get fired from
Google for saying men and women are
different the speaking the simple truth
you can get fired for that I think that
that is frightened people terrorized
people and I think that maybe Knowles is
right to the extent the transgenderism
is so crazy that people won't allow
themselves to be oppressed by it but
ultimately I just like to think that
Americans fight back against this stuff
they deal with it for a while but
ultimately Americans want to say what
they have to say and I think I hope that
remains true I think political
correctness is one of the most harmful
developments of art I know I would much
rather you told me you hated me for the
color of my skin or whatever then that
you kept it to yourself and just like
let it see you know come out and say it
say it to my face I'm not gonna throw a
punch at you you know let's just say
what you have to say let me know uh and
I just feel that about everybody I would
much rather hear what they have to say
then then have everybody walking around
afraid anyway I don't know if it's
transgender gender ism specifically what
can you do when you're oppressing people
mentally and go too far and that may
have been the moment when they went too
far all right Tony says Clavin do you
think more states should be like Maine
and my home state of Nebraska and split
up the Electoral College why or why not
no I think that III like the Electoral
College I think that I think that the
fascist yeah I know I think the closer
your government is to you the more power
it should have over you essentially
that that a state should be able to say
this is the way Maine lives you know
this is how many lives the Senate I mean
the the president is supposed to be
elected by the states and I think the
states are a good guide there's you can
move you can leave your state you can go
to another state you don't like the way
your state votes you can go someplace
else you can do all kinds of things but
I think splitting it up it becomes a
little bit too Congressional that's why
we have Congress you have little
districts where you can vote your
congressman who is your congressman but
I think the the president should be
elected by the states and I think it's a
good I think it's a really good system I
actually do I think it's a you know it's
worked out pretty well all right
Arun wants to know he's from a patriotic
immigrant family do you think that
unpatriotic but legal or lawful
immigrants should be allowed to become
citizens well that's interesting I mean
you do have to take some kind of pledge
I think to support the Constitution to
become a citizen and I think you should
have to take that pledge honestly you
know I mean that's all you can say and
and certainly look III do think that we
should be allowed to say that if you
can't say these things with any sense of
honesty and there's proof that you can't
do it that you don't get to be a citizen
being a citizen moving here and becoming
a citizen even if you do it legally is
still a privilege you know and we have a
right to keep out anybody we want you
know but but I don't think you can strip
people of that privilege like read
random basically okay so we have more we
only have a few more minutes we're in
the final countdown so if you're not a
subscriber you got a head on over and
just keep asking those questions because
we're running out of time Sean says if
you could have any vehicle for your
daily driver what would it be
a small plane probably uh yeah you know
it's funny I got to get a new car and I
haven't had any time to shop for one aha
so like every day I say to myself you
know what I should do I should go yeah
but I'm not gonna do so I I don't know
yet you know I like I do tend to like
foreign cars but they're so expensive
I love my Beemer when I had one I've
really liked the Audi that I have now
but I was kind of like the new Cadillac
that's what I want to go you know the
new i'll america i knew the new
Cadillacs are not like the old ones the
old ones were big and garish but the new
ones are sleek so i don't know what was
your first car Oh
well I think that one life my family
gave me that was my first car
my mom's Volvo wagon yeah the first car
I bought for myself was I believe my my
Dodge Dart jalopy that I picked my wife
in up and when she was hitchhiking so I
met her the art yeah wait the artful
Dodge I know that you haven't you know
that because you haven't read my book
you should read the great good thing
tell us all about sorry somebody just
got caught
Marcell says hey Andrew what do you
think about Trump's behavior towards US
allies such as the United Kingdom
Germany or Canada shouldn't the
administration aim to strengthen ties
with those specific countries well look
Trump Trump is a blustering kind of big
character who blundering around yeah
exactly like I think it's all time he
got elected he's the president I think
it's all time we got used to him you
know he does seem to really enjoy
forming bonds with individuals right and
I think that I don't really see you know
I think that I think that Europe is a
little bit worried about the fact that
he's erratic that he doesn't when he
says something he's always in a
negotiation so he's never saying exactly
what he means he's always saying
something they hope will get him where
he wants to go and I think that that has
disturbed our allies but he certainly
been a good ally to Israel he certainly
been he hasn't been unfriendly to our
other allies and he has brought some
kind of sense of correction in you know
the what has been happening before Trump
what was happening as far as I was
concerned as Europe was becoming
infantilized by depending on us while
complaining about us it was like dealing
with adolescence it was like oh you know
you're - you're so capitalist you got
kappa at least you know yes could you
please send us more of your armies to
take care of us and you know what you're
a capitalist you know it's like it was
ridiculous it was childlike you know and
all Trump is basically said to them is
hey we're all you know we're for America
you're for France we can be friends but
you got to take care of yourself a
little bit I think that's the right
thing to do
all right I think they respect it - so
show them a little bit of toughness yeah
yeah I mean I think the system needs to
be rearranged it's a post-world War two
system and it's out of date you know and
I saw I've actually been kind of
supportive of it look I wish you I wish
you had better manners I really do I
wish our president had better
we talked about that yeah you feel like
it's important for a gentleman to be a
gentleman
yes and I you know it's like when you
have a president who's calling the
stripper he slept with horseface you
know you're not dealing with mr. manners
okay by the way I think he's done a
great job as president why I mean she
talks about hashtag fake news only ever
wanting to talk about strippers that he
slept with yeah but then he tweets about
the stripper that is what on earth goes
through that guy's mind at times I do
not know you know but but that's look
that's who we're dealing with
and he's doing a great job as president
which is disturbing it's disturbing that
a guy who calls the stripper he slept
with horseface he's also doing a good
job as president we're just gonna have
to deal with it okay because we have a
we now because the left is gone so crazy
we haven't no alternatives this is 2018
folks yeah in case you're just waking up
and joining us we only have a few more
minutes but so next question comes from
Rachel what it's your favorite musical
oh my god also talking about this
earlier yes I think these people could
hear us before we went live on the
conversation my favorite movie musical
is probably singing in the rain I mean
it's got it is like it's a perfect movie
almost you know it really is wonderful
on the stage I'm a Sondheim fan I really
like Stephen Sondheim and I loved when I
I've only given a standing ovation to
two things in my life
one was Sweeney Todd and the other was a
Nam musical called Arcadia I hate giving
standing ovations I think it should be
only for the very best thing really I
hate the fact that everything gets a
standing ovation but the Sweeney Todd is
an work of genius and it's grim and it's
not a happy musical but it's but there's
something about it that sticks with you
forever
pretty women is one of the great songs
ever written and I I just love listening
to what's on time does when he does it
well there are others though that he
wrote gypsy which I love I think that's
a great musical I'm trying to think of
like what what I would just actually go
and see again not that's because most
musicals I see them once I enjoy them
and I'm done but but those I think are
the ones that really stick out in my
mind interesting any thoughts that I'm
missing oh well I just wanted to know
your thoughts on Hamilton because I
already know Shapiro says she knows but
have you listened to the music but
really ok so Ben has also not seen
Hamilton yeah but he says that
1976 is a much better I will tell you
everything and it is yeah I don't know I
think you like 1776 too much I don't I
don't agree with him in a second I think
it's I think it's a really entertaining
patriotic musical which I love but I
don't think the great music going I
think III haven't seen Hamilton the only
thing I can say about Hamilton is I know
one other guy who I met he's a publisher
who when we met we got in the
conversation about musicals and we both
said we'd given only two standing
ovations in our lives and his was are
also Arcadia and another Sondheim
musical that was not Sweeney Todd so we
got very clear days she said that
Hamilton was one of the best things he
ever saw so I've always wanted to see it
but I just haven't had that chance okay
we need to send like daily wire needs to
send Andrew Klavan and Ben Shapiro to
New York to see Hamilton yeah I mean
that would be amazing and then we can
televise a debate about it after I would
because I think the Pens not gonna
change his opinion and I think that you
would be a fan
Minoo like I said this guy and I had
very similar taste in II just love there
we go Veronica says often women are told
that they're shallow if they want an
attractive husband or gold diggers that
they want a man with a job I'd add or
money why is wanting someone decent
seeing us having to high standards yeah
I don't I don't agree with that I think
that you know we you want to have you
want to feel attracted to your spouse I
think you know I think that's really
important I remember realize when I
realized what an amazing woman my wife
had become over the years remembering
that really I married her because she
had great legs you know it's like you
know like wow I really lucked out
because that was wasn't what I was
thinking at the time and so I think you
want to be attractive and I do think I
think a man with a job or with money you
know it is somebody who has direction in
his life where as ambition in his life
who has some kind of sense of
responsibility in his life and I don't
think that that's wrong at all I think
that if you want to have children and
you want to take care of your children
let's be home and take care of that is
going to compromise your earning ability
and to have somebody who will support
you in that very important and
fulfilling work I think is not wrong at
all you know I mean I don't think that's
I think that obviously just just like
there are people who
only care about looks only care about
money you can go too far but I don't
think those are things that you should
be ashamed of wanting alright trenton
says that he has a family member who
does all kinds of drugs and he has never
quote-unquote hurt anyone but it makes
my family's life harder by the day
should people really be libertarian on
this issue again you're confusing what
the government should be allowed to do
with what people should do it always
bugs me when they're talking when they
were talking about football players were
disrespecting the flag and I hear ESPN
one announcer after another saying well
they have a right to do it they have a
right to do it and it's wrong they do
and I think that that's something we
should talk about more just because
something is wrong doesn't mean the
government should have the power to
restrict it you know I think the
government has the power to protect you
from me but it doesn't have the power to
protect me from me that is the essence
of freedom is to be able to do things
some of which may be self-destructive
I'm sorry this guy is doing that I think
drugs are just an absolute scourge I
literally think they steal the soul out
of a man but I don't think they that
just because something is wrong with the
world that the answer has to be the
government all right Jeffery wants to
know hey Andrew I am 18 and kind of a
more reserved person there is a girl
that I like at my church but I'm scared
to ask her out what should I do
ask her out that's an easy question you
know saying saying that you're afraid is
fine and we're all afraid of something
but acting on your fear is not so fine
and obviously this is something I mean
you should definitely ask her out you
got to do it you know I mean this is
that this is the essence of what courage
is courage as I believe John Wayne said
is not it's not not having fear it's
having the fear and doing the thing you
got to do I mean we all have certain
fears I'm I'm a painfully shy human
being I mean this is true and I but I
overcome it and especially in this case
where you want to meet a girl who could
be somebody really important to you you
just got to do the thing exactly I mean
and also I am from the female
perspective either you do it and she
says yes great if she says no you you
learned you still overcame a fear that's
right and then the next time I don't
think it's gonna be as big of a deal
well you know it's funny this kind of
fear is rational knowing how
shai I have been in my life it is it's
not really like you think oh I'm afraid
of this room I'm afraid of that you're
just you just have a hard time doing it
but you are absolutely right that the
more you do it the more you can do it
and one of the things that cure like I
used to be afraid of making phone calls
but I became a reporter and I had to
make phone calls and after a walk it's
easy you know you just keep doing it so
you're absolutely right if you do it
even if you get rejected you will have
gained something from it all right
Michael says hi Andrew I graduated with
a degree in a technical field almost two
years ago but I haven't found a job yet
in that field do you think my
right-leaning comments on Facebook have
any bearing on that I don't know but
they could I mean I think that's that's
certainly true and I think you know this
is a very what I've started to do in
Hollywood because I know that I've been
blacklisted or at least grey listed in
Hollywood as I start to bring it up in
meetings I say look I you know I do have
a different way of looking at things
this is why I say when I say this is you
know and I I try to explain it
I can't tell in your field how would I
know in your field whether that's having
an effect but it certainly can and I
think you should I don't think you
should be careful about what you say I
do think you should be careful about the
way you say it I think that that is just
perfectly rational good manners you know
you don't want to confuse courage with
rudeness I think those are two different
things and you can say the things that
you have to say without being
necessarily snarky or mean or anything
like that
alright Mariah wants to know she wants
to make sure that her teaching methods
incorporate how boys learn as boys are
falling behind in education she seems
like a decent team yeah a decent human
being do it for you yeah what do you
think are the best ways to interest boys
in a learning environment well two
things that come to mind immediately I'm
not a teacher but two things come to
mind his boys do need to get outside I
mean they really do they you know you
put they put boys in these chairs and
then they say oh well he's got you know
he's got drugs like you know yeah and I
think I think every father should say
the same thing when they say they're
gonna drug you for ADHD say over my dead
body you know that's the thing so boys
need to get out you got to respect that
you got to respect the fact that they
need to roughhouse they need to play
games they need to compete that's one
thing the other thing is boys learn from
objects more than relationships and they
deal with objects better than they deal
with relationships so I remember the
best teacher I ever had was my fourth
grade
one of those she was one of those
teachers they talked about you know they
they don't exist all that much no but
one of the things she would do is she
would say go build a planet and he'd go
like okay you know and you'd go build a
planet and he'd learned about mapmaking
and you learn about you and then and
then when you want us to talk about
geography you cared you cared about
geography because you realized oh it's a
planet you know I get it you know so so
I think that that got guys they relate
to each other through objects like
through sports and through play you know
but you always talked about fathers
playing catch with their sons why do you
talk about that why don't you talk about
mothers playing catch with their
daughters because mothers and daughters
can talk directly you know women get
along and are very comfortable in
relationships men are comfortable with
things so a father and son playing catch
are actually having a relationship so if
you teach kids boys especially through
objects you you can reach them a lot
easier that's what I think I mean I
think that like that's why science and
technology or things that boys naturally
gravitate towards I just had an epiphany
that's why you guys like backstage so
much because you have the objects of the
whiskey versus their conversation come
for the whiskey and cigars we talk
because they pay us and that is tomorrow
night and that was our last question
Thank You Mariah for that final question
and thanks everyone for joining Andrea
and I on this once episode of the
conversation don't forget to subscribe
to daily wire calm now and join us for
next month's episode with the wonderful
that's my canola that's gonna be on
Tuesday November 13th at 5:30 p.m.
Eastern 2:30 p.m. Pacific and I hope
that we will see you guys tomorrow night
on backstage
