after an historic meeting between
President Trump and murderous North
Korean looney-tune Kim jong-un the whole
world is asking one question look at me
I'm Jim Acosta look at me Acosta shouted
the question at loonie Kim as he met
with Trump in Singapore Kim then asked
his translator to translate the question
and the translator said the question is
translated as look at me I'm Jim Acosta
look at me
president Trump also asked for a
translation of Acosta's question and
received the same answer
CNN assembled several panels to examine
the question but were unable to agree on
what is the answer to look at me I'm Jim
Acosta look at me on Fox News one
commentator remarked that the problem
was that the question
wasn't actually a question but simply a
demand for attention by an adolescent
no-talent who hasn't yet comprehended
the depths of his irrelevance CNN of
course dismissed this remark is typical
FoxNews trumpian right-wing demagoguery
and went on searching for the answer to
the question look at me I'm Jim Acosta
look at me
good luck CNN trigger warning I'm Andrew
Clavin and this is the Andrew Clavin
show
all right it's the mailbag tomorrow
folks who go on the daily wire.com
subscribe for a lousy ten bucks a month
hit the podcast button hit the Andrew
Cleveland podcast hit the mailbag button
ask your questions anything you want to
talk about your personal life religion
politics anything at all the answers are
guaranteed a hundred percent correct and
will change your life
on occasion for the better we have so
much going on here I feel like I have to
spend the first 20 minutes of the show
talking about just what's going on today
at 7 p.m. Eastern which is 4 p.m. in
real time we're going we're doing a
special live stream and honor a Father's
Day with The Daily wire God King Jeremy
boring who will descend from on high
which is the ceiling and will host a
discussion with me Michael Knowles and
Shapiro I believe should forget he works
there also special guest so Rachel over
here Nick seriously to discuss the role
of the father in our society we'll be
live-streaming on Facebook and YouTube
and if you're a daily wire subscriber go
to daily wire.com and you can submit
live questions and hear them read in the
mellifluous tones of Alicia Krauss and
the conversation is coming in one week
Tuesday June 19th at 5:30 p.m. Eastern
2:30 p.m. Pacific Ben Shapiro is
answering the questions Alicia Kraus is
asking them the qat will stream live on
youtube and facebook for everyone to
watch but only daily wire subscribers
can ask Ben questions to submit your
questions log in to The Daily wire comm
head over to the conversation page to
watch the live stream type your question
into the daily wired chat box to have it
read and answered on the air
you got to subscribe to get your
questions answered by the great Shapiro
on Tuesday June 19th at 5:30 p.m.
Eastern 2:30 p.m. Pacific join the
conversation and while you're at it stop
spending so much money or who if you're
spending so much money keep track of it
you know one of the things these are
good times
we've got this trumpian a common economy
going things are going great
in good times people tend to throw their
money away and they don't think about it
they think yeah I have it I've got it so
you spend money with your credit card
pretty soon your credit card debt mounts
up pardon me and you're paying lots and
lots of interest on that debt but not
with light stream light stream rewards
consumers who have good credit with a
great interest rate and no fees so you
can get a credit card consolidation loan
from five point four nine percent APR
with Auto pay you could save thousands
of dollars in interest application is a
hundred percent online and you can even
get your funds as soon as today my
listeners get an additional interest
rate discount on top of light streams
already low rates the only way to get
this discount is to go to light stream
comm / Andrew that is l IG HT s tream
dot-com / Andrew that way you will not
have to pay those enormous rate subject
to credit approval rate includes fifty
point fifty percent auto pay discount
available only when you select Auto pay
prior to loan funding terms and
conditions apply and offers a subject to
change without notice visit like scream
comm for important information about
limits on light stream loans and
same-day funding all right let us talk
about Trump and cap you know you learn a
lot by writing fiction you learn a lot
you don't learn if you don't write
fiction and one of the things you learn
is what is the use of bad guys because
people are asking why does Trump nicer
to bad guys than he is to his friends I
mean it sounds like it sounds like team
beat they're going like why does he like
why he's like him more than Justin why
does he like he's like a rock star
dating people why is he nice to Kim but
he's not nice to Justin but here's the
thing you know bad guys have their uses
and one of the uses they have in fiction
you know when you're making a big
transition as I've made several big
transitions one from being a liberal to
being a conservative one from being a
secular Jew to being a Christian there
are certain things that mark that
progression along the way that you
remember and one of the things I
remember in my transition from being a
liberal to being a conservative or I
should call it leftist because they're
not liberal about anything one of the
things I remember is noticing that in
the stories I write and I'm a suspense
writer a mystery crime writer one of the
things I noticed was that my
guys always spoke the truth that the bad
guy spoke the truth but the good guys
not always they couldn't say the things
because you need people to love your bad
guys to want to be like you know like
your bad guys to identify with them and
the truth is sometimes very unpleasant
let me just show you remind you of one
of the most famous scenes in movies from
what's-his-name I forgot to give you the
guy wrote The West Wing sort him yeah
Sorkin wrote a few good men is a very
famous scene but listen carefully to
what Jack Nicholson is saying he's the
soldier who is accused of allowing one
of his soldiers to get murdered because
he was gay or coward or something like
this and Tom Cruise goes after me wants
the truth the truth son we live in a
world that has walls and those walls
have to be guarded by men with guns
who's gonna do it
you you lieutenant Weinberg I have a
greater responsibility than you can
possibly fathom
you weep for Santiago and you curse the
Marines you have that luxury you have
the luxury of not knowing what I know
that Santiago's death while tragic
probably saved lives and my existence
while grotesque and incomprehensible to
you saves lives you don't want the truth
because deep down in places you don't
talk about it parties you want me on
that wall you need me on that wall we
use words like honor code loyalty we use
these words as the backbone of a life
spent defending something you used them
as a punchline I have neither the time
or the inclination to explain myself to
a man who rises and sleeps under the
blanket of the very freedom that I
provide and then questions the manner in
which I provided what makes this a great
scene and I'm not even sure Sorkin knew
that's what makes us a great scene is
every word he says is true every word
that he says is true and he's right we
can't handle the truth that is the whole
point of being a good person is you
don't want the world to be as it is you
want it to be as it should be you don't
want to say it is as it is you want to
assume the best about people you want to
assume that things can work out in some
ideal way and bad guys speak the truth
and that is why so often what you
remember from movie
is what the bad guy says what people
that poster people put up on the wall
from horror movies is the monster
because the monster just is an absolute
force of nature and is real and
everybody else is just trying to stop
this from happening so let's take a look
at what really happened at the I mean
the coverage on this has been insanely
stupid you know there are there are lots
of things to say good and bad about the
Trump Kim conference but let's let's
talk about why Trump does it first let's
look at a montage of coverage of this
going into this this thing just so you
understand that what you're seeing when
you see people talk about an event like
this this is an event whose
ramifications haven't played out yet we
don't know what's going to happen the
future isn't written no one knows what
it is the experts don't know what it is
nobody knows what the future is so we
don't know whether Trump is doing the
right thing
the smart thing the good thing or not we
don't know yet he's doing something
different he's doing something very
different than we usually do
so we don't know but listen to the
coverage and what this helps you to
understand is when you hear people
talking about this you're hearing them
talk about themselves you're hearing
them talk about their prejudices their
biases their desires not about what's
going to happen and of course in this
case it's our media so they're
completely anti Trump just because
something hasn't happened before doesn't
mean its historic any previous president
could have easily had a summit with any
previous leader of North Korea because
they've all been very eager to be
legitimated by the President of the
United States what he is able to do is
not care enough to get through every
success of interaction and other people
are burdened by Karen the
self-proclaimed deal maker in chief has
so far proven to be more of a deal
breaker tearing up international deals
and coming up short on domestic policies
Donald Trump can relate to
authoritarians he as a former
businessman he likes absolute control
and want to be despot i i've conceded
that for years now he calls kim
jeong-hoon honorable yet justin trudeau
of canada should go to hell just sit
there and watch and report what happens
they have to tell you what is going to
happen they have to fill that news time
and all they're doing is filling it with
themselves I love the guy who says it's
not historic just because it never
happened before like all Obama had to do
was pick his nose
and it was like oh my the first black
president is picking this this is
amazing it's history let's just take a
look back in time
remember when Clinton got screwed in
with North Korea he gave them all this
money basically and got nothing for it
here's how dan Rather who was the CBS
guy at the time
here's how he reported that President
Clinton today officially announced a
deal that could in the long-running
crisis with North Korea over nuclear
weapons
it could also ease tensions on the
Korean Peninsula and open the way for
normal relations between the u.s. and
one of the world's last old-line
hardline communist states I love it
because he led because he thought this
is the man dan Rather who thinks he's an
objective guy who as the anchor of the
CBS Evening News once said to Bill
Clinton on air if we could be 100 as
great as you and Hillary Rodham Clinton
have been in the White House we take it
right now and walk away winners tell
mrs. Clinton we respect her and we're
pulling for her so this is like all
you're hearing all you're hearing is the
news man's bias and their opinion and
their feelings and their hatreds that's
all you're hearing because we don't know
all right
so Trump goes into this meeting and
we'll get to the question of whether he
should have had the meeting at all in a
minute but first of all this is the
attitude he comes out afterwards and he
makes a speech what they did is they
signed a piece of paper that really
doesn't mean very much at all it says it
says that Kim is committed to do the
denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula
but he already signed papers saying that
so he's just recommitting to something
he obviously lies about all the time
that he didn't do so I just want to play
one thing at the press conference
afterwards that Trump said that gives
you the idea of what Trump is thinking I
think this is an actual real Trump as an
example they have great beaches you see
that whenever they're exploding their
cannons into the ocean right as I said
boy look at that wave what would that
make a great condo behind and I
explained I said you know instead of
doing that you could have the best
hotels in the world right there think of
it from a real estate perspective you
have South Korea you have China and they
own the land in the middle how bad is
that right it's great it's great real
estate this is the way Trump is thinking
they could set off a nuclear weapon and
he'd be going like
what are they doing they're ruining the
beach you know what that you could build
a three hotels on the beaches it's the
guy who's going into this meeting all
right before we get on with this we have
to talk about Peter Millar because I am
wearing one of the most comfortable
shirts I have ever won I got to tell you
this I don't know what it's made of I
really do and I should probably say
something scientific but the thing is
Peter Millar started out making sports
clothes and then they branched out into
more fashionable things things you can
wear anywhere you want and this is one
of them and it just has this feel on the
one hand it fits really well but on the
other hand you can move inside it and
you just feel really it really flexible
I just really like that it's comfortable
but if it's Airy it really is different
and they've been they can you can do
this for any occasions like wearing
sporting clothes that fit any occasion
they're that comfortable it's this is
called the performance polo by the way I
should say its performance was really an
incredibly comfortable shirt and
everything I've gotten from Peter Millar
has been that way it's been comfortable
flexible breathes it's really nice and
you can head over to Peter Miller comm
slash Clavin and check out some of the
Peter Millar favorites my Peter Millar
favorites be sure to use my link and
you'll receive complimentary shipping
and a free hat that's Peter Millar M I
ll AR dot-com slash Clavin Peter Millar
dot-com slash Clavin Peter maillard comm
slash Clavin for shirts as nice and as
comfortable as this and I know what
you're thinking sure they're comfortable
but how do you spell Clavin
devotees immortal immortal song there
are no ease and clip alright so the
thing is this is what Trump is thinking
why wouldn't you want a country that's
as as successful and rich and wonderful
as South Korea surely this guy and let's
face it let's make no mistake about this
he is talking to a monster kim
jeong-hoon is a monster his country is
that people are starving people are
enslaved people are brainwashed people
are in gulags it is an absolute
nightmare it's the kind of place where
if you don't like clap loud enough for
Dear Leader somebody you know two guys
come into your home and carry you away
it is a nightmare this guy is a monster
and so the press is asking really fair
questions here I mean leave aside the
gym Acosta's in the world the this dross
of this Trump hating left-wing democrat
machinery that the press has been has
now turned into their that doesn't mean
that sometimes like even a stopped clock
right is Right twice a day doesn't mean
it's not a fair question should for
instance the American flag be standing
next to the North Korean flag shows its
beacon of freedom to all the world be
standing next to a flag no better than
Hitler's I mean obviously not as he's
not as powerful or as ambitious in the
long run he can't be as ambitious but
but should this be happening should the
American president be staying so one one
person one reporter asked him this
question this is cut number six and
here's Trump versus of the press the man
you met today Kim jong-un as you know
has killed family members has starved
his own people is responsible for the
death of
why are you so comfortable calling him
very talented well he is very talented
anybody that takes over a situation like
he did at 26 years of age and is able to
run it and run it tough I don't say it
was nice or I don't say anything about
it he run it very few people at that age
you can take one out of 10,000 probably
couldn't do it
otto warmbier is a very special person
and he will be for a long time in my
life his parents are good friends of
mine I think without Otto this would not
have happened something happened from
that day it was a terrible thing it was
brutal but a lot of people started to
focus on what was going on including
North Korea I really think that Otto is
someone who did not die in vain
so Trump is saying saying nice things
about Kim jong-un and the reason Trump
says nice things is that's part of his
negotiating technique his flattery he
knows he's not talking to you and he
says that he's not talking to the press
he's talking to Kim Jong hoon I love
your buddy I love you let's get this
done that kind of thing still still he
is the president he is talking about a
monster so it is it's jarring and we
have a right to ask whether whether this
is going to work out because if it works
Jara if it doesn't work then he's given
away some American prestige and American
value for nothing and so far let's face
it this he's got nothing let's not you
know argue about that I mean he did get
to the three hostages out and that's
great but in going forward if he gives
him anything he gave them what do you
say he's gonna suspend wargames that
doesn't mean very much in the short in
the long run or even in the short run it
doesn't mean very much but still we want
to know if this is gonna work out and he
put out this video I mean I found this
video kind of jarring this is cut number
four where he showed this to the press
kind of a I don't know what you call the
promo video video for the summit do men
two leaders one destiny a story about a
special moment in time when a man is
presented with one chance that may never
be repeated
what release shoes to show vision and
leadership or not all right so he's
playing the guy but at the same time it
is these two leaders two men and one of
them is running the greatest country on
Earth of freest riches most powerful
best country that God has ever made on
earth and the other guy's a monster so
that's it's very very joint but here is
what bad guys know specifically that
Trump knows here's the truth that bad
guys see the Trump identifies with
because we see that he does identify
does talk well about Putin he does talk
you know he does say oh look how strong
you know Kim jong-un wasn't handling you
know for a young guy and he was show the
talent I'm taking over I don't know how
much talent it takes to eradicate oh you
know I'm not sure talent is the word I'm
going for there but but the bad guys
know what Trump knows that globalization
without westernization is a scam and it
will lead to tyranny now they want that
they want the globalization tyranny we
want what we want is we want an American
Imperium of ideas we want an empire of
ideas we do not want globalization is
coming there's nothing anybody can do to
stop globalization that we're global
world the world has gotten too small too
well-connected for us to really you know
hide in our corners it's just not gonna
happen
but what we want is a global world run
under American ideas and as we see in
the UN that doesn't happen if
everybody's treated equally if
everybody's treated equally in the
tyrant in North Korea it gets just as
much say over how the world is run as an
American what what he knows is that the
the new world cannot be the global world
that the Europeans want where oh now no
one can insult Islam and no one can say
that homosexuality is wrong it's got to
be the global world that we say where
everyone has freedom of speech everyone
has freedom of religion and that is and
governments are put on earth to make
sure that we have those rights right and
the only way to do that right now is to
maintain national strength is to
maintain American strength maintain the
American
military because the only people who
care about this guess what it's you and
me we are it we are it if there is going
to be a Western Imperium of ideas it's
going to be because of America and
because America stays strong it's going
to be an empire but we hope it's gonna
be an empire of ideas that's what Trump
is looking for
he likes Israel because Israel knows
that nations matter
he doesn't like Germany because Germany
opened its borders and gave their
country away doesn't understand what it
stated Germany does not understand what
the West stands for anymore I'm not even
sure it may be for a brief moment there
they did but it's not Putin's tyranny he
admires it's Putin's honesty and his
strength in knowing that he is going to
defend his country he's not part of any
global system unless it's a global
system run by Russia we're not going to
be part of any global system unless it's
a global system inspired and run
according on American lines and that's
what Trump knows that Putin knows now
the big question is does that make him a
bad guy and the question that question
will not be answered until we see that
he understands what he's fighting for we
know what he's fighting against we saw
the g7 we saw it again we see when he
gets rid of the Paris treaty we saw it
when he gets rid of the Iran treaty but
does he know what he's trying to build
it's a fair question where all we know
but he knows where this is going right
now and what we got to do is blank out
the press that is telling us oh he's
evil oh he's a tyrant he has done
nothing too radical he has done nothing
evil he has harmed American governments
in no way we don't know if he has a
vision that he is building yet we have
not seen it we haven't quite seen it
we've seen it expressed in the Poland
speech but we haven't quite seen it
expressed out of like Trump's own mouth
let's see if he has we will see where
this goes but but the thing is he is
dealing with bad guys because the bad
guys know how the world works and the
right now the good guys don't and that's
the difference all right it is time
huzzah for the release of our second ave
we gothis yes we do all right the
Lefty's dictionary yet last week it was
two weeks ago we had a is for antifa
that thing has gotten more than between
facebook and youtube has got more than a
million hits oh it's it's doing quite
well please spread these around it's a
big series obviously we're going to go
through the whole the
alphabet and this one is B is for budget
cuts
B is for budget cuts in lefties the
phrase government budget cuts means
government budget increases budget cuts
are not just any budget increases but
only those budget increases instituted
by Republicans that are not as large as
the increases would have been had
Democrats been in power thus when you
hear a Democrat screaming my god they
are cutting the budget that actually
means they are making the budget larger
but not as large as the Democrats wanted
it to be you see in the minds of
leftists the government and its budget
must always be increasing by a large
amount the budget must increase and
increase and increase until all your
money must be taken away in taxes to pay
for the government then when all your
former money has become government money
the government can decide how and where
to spend it in this way instead of
having you throw your money away
supporting local businesses and church
charities the government can make wiser
decisions like filling 200 square miles
of arable land with wind turbines that
produce enough electricity to power the
cigarette lighter that is no longer in
your car because the government has
decided you shouldn't smoke after all
the government knows what's best for you
that's why it took all your money
therefore if by some accidental war in
the shore and certain progress of
historic inevitability a Republican
administration should come to power and
somehow work up the courage to cut back
slightly on how much the government and
its budget are increasing this is a cut
in what leftist thought the budget was
going to be thus a budget cut is when
the budget increases now I know this can
sometimes seem confusing to
right-wingers and other sentient
creatures because normally when you cut
something there's less of it than there
was before but when you cut a government
budget somehow there's more of it and in
leftism this paradox is easily explained
with the simple phrase give us all your
money be is for budget cuts
I'm Andrew Klavan with the left
dictionary let's say these things the
the art in these things is unbelievable
is Rebecca Shapiro it's been sister
write her she is doing such a great job
I'm watching this I'm thinking this guy
is brilliant but it's really her I think
that's doing really all right you know
Oh clever Knights oh my oh my people if
you haven't heard this already the
Andrew Clavin show is now available on
Amazon Alexa and the Google boom device
that means that you can just tell your
machine to play that sucker and it will
if you will use one of these virtual
assistants you can get my podcast with a
simple voice command once you enable the
skill on Alexa or ask Google to talk to
the show for more information check out
our pin tweets on Facebook and Twitter
all right we got to say goodbye to
Facebook and YouTube right now but you
can listen to the rest of the show on
YouTube you can listen to the rest of
the show here at the daily wire.com but
if only if only if only you would
subscribe for allows me ten bucks a
month you can watch the whole show right
on the daily wire.com and when I tell
you the mailbag is tomorrow and I'm
telling you now the mailbag is tomorrow
you could type in your questions hit the
podcast thing thing at the top it hit
the Andrew Klavan podcast hit the
mailbag and ask me anything you want it
will your all your problems will be
solved as of tomorrow and your life
changed maybe for the better all right
Heather McDonald's coming up come on
over to the Daily wire calm and here a
terrific interview
Heather McDonald you know I read her
credits but I have to tell you as far as
I'm concerned she was one of the very
very best reporters in the country the
fact that she has not won a Pulitzer
Prize as far as I'm concerned and
against the validity of the Pulitzer
Prize she is a sensational brave
courageous intrepid reporter as they
used to say she is the Thomas W Smith
fellow at the Manhattan Institute a
contributing editor of city journal and
she covers topics including higher
education immigration policing
homelessness and homeless advocacy she's
the recipient of the 2005 Bradley prize
for work appears in the wall street
journal in New York Times just about
everywhere she has had an experience
where she was just almost assaulted on a
college campus and so I wanted to talk
to her about intersectionality college
campuses racial quotas and she is as
always seething ly honest here she is
Heather McDonald Heather McDonald it's
great to see you how you doing
great cheers thanks for having me on
again it's always a pleasure
I really want to talk to you about a
string of things but starting with the
universities which we hear all the stuff
about I've been speaking at universities
I had nobody's thrown anything at me yet
but you I mean you had a really what
sounded to me like a terrifying
experience Claremont McKenna I think it
was well yeah I did get a little
visceral sense of understanding of what
the victims of the French Revolution
felt like as I was huddled there in my
safe house waiting to be escorted
through backchannels
through the kitchen into the room by
police escort so I was deemed an
absolute lethal threat to the existence
of minority students because I was there
to talk about my book the war on cops
which argues that there's actually
enormous minority support for policing
in high crime areas this was said to be
racist homophobic sexist misogynist you
name it so of course the students
blockaded the building that I was
supposed to speak in the police as is
typical today were utterly feckless they
they let the students take over there
was all sorts of lovely maudlin gestures
like the white the white protestors
stood in the outer
ring of protests with the black students
inside because the thought was that the
brutalizing Claremont and Pomona College
police would be just going after the the
black students with their billy clubs
and whatnot so so there was about two
hours of chanting and drum beating
beforehand that I could hear from my
safe house and I was as I say I was
brought in through a secret passageway
but nobody had been able to resist the
blockade the police let the students
take over the outside the perimeter of
the building and so I gave my speech to
an empty room the students were pounding
on the plate-glass windows during my
talk and the police then decided it was
no longer safe and escorted me back out
through the kitchen into a waiting
police car oh my has anybody been
punished for this in any way
well actually Claremont McKenna is about
the only school that has delivered some
punishment to these student fascists
seven students were given either a
single semester or a single year
suspension it's unclear whether those
who were supposed to graduate were
actually allowed to graduate with at the
ceremony with their diploma I suspect
they were this sounds pretty innocuous
but it's more than any other college
Middlebury which was the where a faculty
member was physically assaulted given a
concussion and Charles Murray who was
the their version of the of the racist
speaker was almost knocked down then
nothing has happened at Middlebury so a
lot of people I hear a lot of people and
I've read a lot of people saying oh this
is bad parenting and this is a
psychological thing but you don't you
don't agree you do not think this is
based on the helicopter parents or
anything like that not at all it the the
explanation doesn't line up that the
main proponent of this I have enormous
respect for Jonathan hate
and NYU's social psychologist who runs
an extremely important institution
called heterodox academy but he is
arguing that this is a psychological
problem and he's he and his co-author
greg lukianov of another very important
organization the foundation for
individual rights in education they
actually proposed giving cognitive
behavioral therapy to students which
allegedly will make them much more
open-minded towards people like me I
think this is wildly naive to be honest
what we have here is a vicious
ideological phenomenon it's the
snowflake explanation doesn't hold up
because white males are the victims of
this or the the products of the same
helicopter parents but they are not by
and large demanding safe spaces and a
lot of minorities do not come from a
helicopter parent type environment
what's going on here is a very concerted
effort to instill racial and gender
victimology in students in order to
completely upend the structures of
meritocracy and high standards that have
made this civilization great Wow all
right so let's talk about this from it
the the whole idea of the of the
victimology first of all let me ask you
a simple question is this a racist
country oh god no I mean it has been you
know that's the thing it's it's very
hard for anybody to argue against that
proposition given the absolute clear
violation of our founding principles
through so much of the country's history
given the role of the police in
segregation de jure segregation set
slavery we have very unclean hands
nevertheless social transformations are
possible we've seen this with regards to
gay rights with regards to attitudes
toward smoking se which is a trivial
matter compared to slavery and
segregation nevertheless
right now if you had a choice to be a
black male with SATs of 1400s
applying to Harvard or a white male with
SATs of 1600s this is on a 1600 point
scale applying to Harvard you are much
better off being a black male with SATs
of one standard deviation below there's
not a single mainstream institution in
the country that is not twisting itself
into knots to hire and promote as many
blacks and Hispanics as possible if you
go into the middle of the country which
most academics don't although they're
obviously there's schools in the middle
of the country but they they're in their
bubble the fact of the matter is this
sounds simplistic to say but Americans
are simply nice people it's it's you
know you get it so it's it's fair to
generalize to say all whites are our
toxic masculinity and white privilege
that's a generalization I'm gonna make a
counter generalization which is that
most whites just want to get along they
they are ready to be post-racial they do
not bear racial animus and nevertheless
the the activists and the
multiculturalists the victimology are
not willing to take yes for an answer
because their livelihoods depend on this
phantom idea of endemic racism and they
are pouring the poison of identity
politics into the country you know not
only endemic the one thing I keep
hearing them say is I keep hearing them
say the whole point about racism is you
don't know you're racist that there's
this kind of subconscious bias I mean
the idea that in Starbucks is throwing
these guys out of their store not
because they didn't pay anything but
because they're black you've you've
heard you speak about this I mean you
really feel that this is a racket don't
you well it is a racket you know there
there is it is true you know let's be
honest that there is a crime tax that
law-abiding blacks pay in New York City
blacks are 23% of the population they
commit about three-quarters of all
shootings if you add Hispanic shootings
to black shootings in New York City you
account for 98% of all shootings Wow
whites are 34% of the population they
commit about one to two percent of all
shootings what this means this has very
real consequences for white males and
black males these disparities are exist
in every big city in the country in
Chicago whites and Hispanics or each
about a third of the population I'm
sorry blacks and whites are each about a
third of the population Black's commit
80% of all shootings and murders White's
about 1% if you're a law-abiding black
male you stand a much greater chance
over the course of your life of getting
stopped because you meet the description
of a street crime suspect that's because
of the behavior of a small but
significant portion of your ethnic group
and whites who are in cities at least
you know I can't speak for what's going
on in Appalachia but they are not they
are not the face of street crime today
so there is a reality the consequences
of the fact that there are a greater
degree of dysfunction for reasons we can
discuss in the black community means
that there are going to be people
working on rational stereotypes that
affect what it means to be black I would
say that that is not racism though if we
if we had I there's a thought experiment
your viewers can engage in if blacks and
Asians say acted identically for the
next 10 years with blacks having the
same rates of school completion not
dropping out of school not getting
involved in gangs not getting involved
in street violence graduating from
college studying fanatically and we
still saw socio-economic disparities we
still saw
blacks and imprison at higher rates even
though their crime rates were as bottom
low as they are for Asians then we could
start talking about racism in this
country but right now those
socio-economic disparities are fully
explained by the different average
behavior of different groups you know
this this victimology has in
wide-reaching
ramifications Jason Riley wrote a piece
talking about flight controllers being
picked not according to their
qualifications but according to the
color of their skin you have written
extensively about the sciences how this
is polluting the sciences what sometimes
called stem science and technology
studies because they want more women and
is that is that right if I got that
right yes women and and underrepresented
minorities the National Science
Foundation which is the main federal
funder of basic scientific research
things like Alzheimer's cures cancer
cures how to help you know care
paraplegics deal with the world it has
made diversity its Paramount mission it
argues that we cannot have good science
unless we have race and gender quotas in
scientific laboratories this is insane
it's having an enormous effect on how
science is being taught at the
university level things are being slowed
down so that nobody falls behind we're
not teaching to the top we're teaching
to the bottom you have faculty if you
want to get hired to a chemistry
department in many schools now you have
to have a statement about your
contributions to diversity something
that is irrelevant to whether you can
work out a new chemical device that
would say free us from having pesticides
or you know reduce the toxicity of
various chemicals of course the best way
to contribute to diversity is to be
diverse yourself but short of that you
have to come up with with mentoring
again none of this is relevant what
would the only thing that should matter
in the STEM fields is are you the best
qualified scientist and if a lab is all
lack and they're the most qualified
great if it's all female great but if
it's all Asian males I really don't care
the only thing I care about is that it
is working at the cutting edge of
knowledge absolutely now looking at the
I mean I thought the Obama
administration was insane about some of
this stuff looking at the Trump
administration is getting better
well there's stuff that is not happening
you know we do not have a further
incursion of say trans ideology into
bureaucracies they have pulled back on
you know one of the worst campus
excrescences of the Obama administration
which was the so-called Dear Colleague
letter that mandated that very willing
campuses eviscerate any kind of due
process standards and campus rape
tribunals but I think they could be
doing a lot more they could try and get
rid of something known as disparate
impact jurisprudence throughout the
federal government this is the idea that
it's not you don't have to prove that
somebody actually has an intent to
discriminate but if a job qualification
like literacy has a disparate impact on
blacks for instance or a high school
graduation degree if that has a
disparate impact on blacks the employer
is going to be presumed to be
discriminating and will have to throw
out that minimal job qualification
unless he can persuade a federal
bureaucrat that it's absolutely
essential to his workplace disparate
impact concepts have have their behind
undoubtedly the flight controllers and a
whole range of other insane diversity
mandates that have come out and I think
Trump should be really working really
overtime to try and extricate that from
federal bureaucracy it really is a
danger I mean eventually planes will
crash buildings will fall science will
not get done and nobody is going to say
nobody certainly in our journalistic
community is going to say this is the
reason the reason is diverse diversity
is actually a
our weakness of course unless unless we
could change the culture of the country
to be honest but if if the left is in in
control
there will be no honesty about about
what is going on and it's it's flight
controllers it's met its doctors as well
black students are admitted to medical
school with with medical qualifications
that are just miles below those of
whites and Asian's they're pushed
through and then again they're pressured
by the federal government medical labs
and and faculty and and hiring agencies
are pressed by the federal government to
hire blacks even though they're not the
most qualified doctor so you know this
is possibly resulting in less good care
we saw that in the Bakke case with the
the black student who was admitted in
lieu of Bakke that ended up medical
student that ended up being just a
nightmare gynecologist with you know
numerous malpractice suits against him
for really egregious surgical violations
unbelievable Heather McDonald one of the
best reporters in the country certainly
one of the bravest it's always good to
see you I hope you'll come back again
thank you look forward to it too thank
you so much thanks a lot oh she's great
I just think she's terrific City Journal
if you don't read City Journal you
should you can get most of it online it
comes out slower online than if you
subscribe but this but you can read all
the articles sexual follies
so I'm gonna do this fast but I really
have to play all these clips Bill
Clinton you'll remember a couple weeks
ago was asked about in an interview he's
got a new novel out that he co-wrote
with James Patterson right I'm sure that
neither of them that didn't write but
they've got their names on it and he's
oh he's out on a promotion tour and he
gets asked how looking back at the
Monica Lewinsky fair affair in the light
of the me2 movement you typically have
ignored gaping facts in describing this
and I bet you don't even know them this
was litigated 20 years ago two-thirds of
the American people sided with me they
were not insensitive that I had a sexual
harassment policy when I was governor in
the eighties so that didn't go over very
well people were no no you've got to
grovel over me too and you did a
terrible thing and he did do a terrible
thing if Monica Lewinsky has come out in
light of me too she said hey you know
this was abusive he was the most
powerful man on earth I was an intern
finally she figured it out took her 30
years to figure it out so now he goat
Clinton goes on Stephen Colbert and
Colbert gives him a second chance
because that's what you do with
Democrats right
being a Democrat means never having to
say you're sorry when I got home last
night on the CNN they had a lower third
banner that said something about William
Clinton's tone-deaf response to the
question from the Today Show my question
is would you like a do-over on that
answer do you do you understand why some
people thought that was a tone-deaf
response to his questions about the me2
movement and how you might reflect on
your behavior 20 years ago and how that
reflection may change based on what
you've learned through the meat to me
he's not think you never do over he's
telling him what to say doesn't take
because now Clinton goes on PBS newshour
and he's asked the same question again I
love this listen to this
I think the norms have really changed in
terms of what you can do to somebody
against their will how much you can
crowd their space make them miserable at
work you don't have to physically
assault somebody to make them you know
uncomfortable it
work or at home or in their utter just
walking around door patters and his
shoulders are upright he hears that this
wait yeah you know you can't do that
rate thing like you used to I don't know
what you can't do these things against
people's consent I don't you know we may
whole days back in the old days you saw
a woman you like - you're raped or
whether I don't know you know it's Jake
Tapper now reacts to this I've been
amazed at how poorly he's handled these
questions I mean a lot of them you could
have anticipated the world has changed
in just the last year it was I mean I
think I mean who was the enemy who was
the Tonys host a year ago Kevin Spacey
heavens been yeah so I mean that was a
year ago so you have to adapt and I
would think he would have had automatic
answers for doooo Monica Linsky an
apology what do you make of the me to
movement what do you make of this
individual case Harvey Weinstein whoever
and boy some of the answers have been
just you couldn't if you wanted to right
the worst answer he could give yeah it
is almost as if that one he did today
about whether or not you can grow people
yeah it's a people have different rules
today about where you're allowed to talk
to touch them on their bodies
involuntarily it was yeah it was a not
well thought out I mean he said I bet he
ended it with you know we don't maybe
I'm old-fashioned not a good way to
frame it he's amazed because they cannot
accept this is who Bill Clinton is first
of all and they can't accept that the me
to movement has got it wrong it's not
about men and women it's about these men
and women it's about Clinton and women
it's about Weinstein and women it's
about men who treat women like this it's
not about all men it's not about men and
women at all it really is about these
guys and their characters and what they
are like and that Bill Clinton is like
it and they supported him that is really
what it is about and and by the way if
you're thinking to yourself yeah well
Trump - hey
Trump - is absolutely right except I
don't think Trump is doing it any of
that anymore because I think Melania
would simply shoot
that in on the White House lawn all
right tomorrow is the mailbag get your
questions in all answers guaranteed
correct and will change your life
sometimes for the better I'm Andrew
Clavin this is the Andrew Clavin show
the Andrew Clavin show is produced by
Robert Sterling executive producer
Jeremy boring senior producer Jonathan
hey our supervising producer is Mathis
Glover and our technical producer is
Austin Stevens edited by Emily J audio
is mixed by Mike kameena hair and makeup
is by Joshua alvera the Andrew Clavin
show is a daily wire for word publishing
production copyright for word publishing
