so soon I'm gonna ask you a tough
question which is if you can grade
President Trump so far I usually grade
him along a couple of wines a great
amount executive policy I go to my
legislative policy and I grade him on
rhetoric because it's very difficult to
give him an overall grade because he's
all over the place in some places he's
he's a hammer hitting a nail and in some
places he's a hammer hitting a baby so I
had how would you grade his his
administration so far and then I'll ask
you the the brutal follow-up so first of
all I gotta say that not a big fan of
the moral equivalence between a hammer
hitting a nail and a hammer hitting a
baby yeah but me neither so so I'm not
gonna weasel out of it but I will say up
front there is a raging debate in
Washington about how much of the stuff
how much of the good stuff Trump is done
has happened because of him or in spite
of him right so one of things that drove
me crazy about steve Bannon and all that
stuff was this constant drumbeat about
how Mitch McConnell was the enemy of
Donald Trump Mitch McConnell has been
the single greatest guarantor guarantor
of Trump's legacy among conservatives
he's the guy who's gotten all of these
federal judges across the finish line
and he I think you know I'd like greed
with Mitch McConnell or everything no
but I think he deserves an enormous
credit for that not to be sort of
demonized and so a lot of the stuff like
the stuff that goes on with the EPA the
regulatory stuff FCC stuff that the FDA
stuff I think is great I don't I I think
that basically what Donald Trump has
done is basically says do all the good
stuff and then he just doesn't pay
attention I'll take that end you know
but there is this there is this idea out
there that he's actually managing and
governing and paying attention to the
details when in reality one of the sort
of accidental byproducts of the way
Trump came into office is that a lot of
the regular party types wouldn't take
jobs in administration and so the
administration thank goodness went and
got a lot of including a lot of friends
of mine hardcore movement think-tank
true believers who went in there and
said who knows how long this thing's
gonna last let's get some stuff done
right and so I'm all in favor of that so
so going by the normal grading process
which is that whatever happens on a
president's watch that president gets
credit for on the domestic regulatory
stuff I give him you know somewhere
between a B plus and a minus okay and
then unformed e how do you trade him I
think there are a couple things that
only Trump would have done very few but
they're a few that are important right
me maybe Ted Cruz would have moved the
embassy to Jerusalem a name maybe you
know but almost none of the other guys
right right so the Jerusalem move
pulling out of Paris which I think was a
was not not the big deal people make it
out to be but symbolically was a big
deal well reaching out to the Saudis and
trying to actually broker an alliance
yeah no I think that's right although
again I think you know it may be more of
a byproduct of Obama's horrible Rio a
lot of trumps victories are the product
of Obama's failures right and the Obama
so messed up the the gameboard that he
created these awesome opportunities for
Trump to sort of snap up so on the
foreign policy stuff again with the
caveat that I I don't think all that
much of it as as intentional as some of
his biggest fans do still be plus a
month
