so some good news for you guys to start
the show first of all I am in a building
this is not a drill
I'm in a bill you know I'm serious and I
mean business when I've got a roof and
walls around me so that's exciting
even more exciting we've taken my
facebook live videos to podcast and you
can get them on the podcast app of your
choice including the new edition on
Amazon Alexa and the Google home device
if you like the show
and you use a voice assistant this will
be this would be a great new feature for
you but you have to activate the show's
first so it's a very simple process with
Alexa you just enable the skill like
like adding an app Alexa enable the Matt
Walsh show skill now I don't have any
skill so it's not you're not enabling my
skills I don't have any you're enabling
that on Alexa Alexa enable the Matt wall
show skill then you could tell her to
play or open Alexa play the Matt wall
show Google doesn't need to be added by
a user but you have to speak very
clearly for her to understand so just
just and I tell my wife this all the
time about me like if you want me to
understand anything you have to speak
slowly and clearly because I'm very sub
it takes me a long time to understand
things so you just say a command like
okay google talk to the Matt wall show
or ok Google speak to the Matt Walsh
show ok Google I want to speak to the
Matt Walsh show if you need to review
these directions if you got life you're
like me it takes you a while to pick up
on things then just check out the pinned
posts on the daily wire a Twitter and on
the daily water Facebook alright last
week the Washington Post ran a very
glowing article about the child free
movement and then a couple days ago the
ladies on the view had one of their
normally intellectually stimulating
conversations about this about this
movement and of course when the term is
used I I just need to I feel like every
time we talk about something similar to
this a few weeks ago and I opened with
the same disclaimer I'm gonna open with
now but it was to no avail then and I'm
sure we don't know avail now but I just
want to Claire
when we talk about the child free
movement or people who consider
themselves child free people who are
advocating for the child free lifestyle
now those are exclusively people who
have chosen that they have made it their
goal to avoid having kids at all costs
at all costs up to an including murder
so these are people have chosen they've
chosen not to have kids because they
feel that children will be a terrible
burden on their comfortable lifestyles
so that's what we're talking about here
we're not talking about people who can't
have kids that's not at all in any sense
what we're discussing now okay
now this kind of attitude the child free
attitude of the last thing in the world
that I ever want is to have a kid that
used to be stigmatized and now you know
when they talk about it in the media
when they're talking about it on the
view they act like it still is
stigmatized to not have kids but it's
not really anymore it used to be
stigmatized especially if people who are
as who were just openly selfish and
self-centered and said I don't want kids
because I want to be able to take
vacations and buy a lot of nice stuff
that used to be stigmatized for good
reason
now though the stigma runs very much in
the other direction like yeah you can
have a kid I'm not saying it's
stigmatized to have a kid and it's not
necessarily stigmatized to have two kids
once you get to three you're pushing it
but if you commit the sin of having five
six or more kids then then you're going
to face a society that will just heap
scorn upon you
it's true that women without kids may
sometimes be asked about it when are you
gonna have kids maybe that's annoying
but they will not face I'm just telling
you I come from a large family
they will not face anywhere near the
same level of open disgust that people
have for big families so it's different
than people being Bermuda or just
inquisitive or or whatever about the
fact that you don't have you don't have
kids stiffen them this is discussed
there are a lot of people out there who
are just disgusted by big families
I mean if you don't believe me just try
some time like something from my
childhood I had five five five siblings
so the six kids in the family and any
time we wouldn't we went out to eat
anywhere we were walking through the
restaurant just to sit down at our table
people looked at us like I mean a few
times I was really worried that someone
was gonna pick up a steak knife and just
start stabbing all of us because the
looks of hostility and anger that people
have just seeing a big family
it's until you've experienced it you
don't really understand it and it is
surely a sign of a shallow and really
suicidal civilization when large healthy
nuclear families are treated with
contempt
and as the American birthrate continues
its decline and younger people
categorically declined to have kids or
they put off having kids until they're
biologically incapable of having kids
without medical intervention as that's
happening it's become clear that the
child-free mentality is not fringe it's
not some little thing off to the side we
don't have to pay attention to it is a
it is becoming rapidly the most accept
acceptable and kind of mainstream
approach to life and for that reason I
think it's worth saying I think maybe
it's worth making a few comments about
it so that's what I'm gonna do on the
child free so-called movement first of
all the term child free is monstrous
actually
it purposely puts children in the same
category as diseases and parasites okay
a woman will say that she's child free
with the same kind of like triumphant
tone that she might say she's cancer
free and that's intentional
now we've taken this term child free
because we consider it to be an
improvement over the old term which was
childless and we don't like that term
anymore because childless insinuates
that a person is missing something if
she has no children but the thing is a
married couple that chooses to reject
chooses to reject the life-giving
potential in their union is missing
something
we use the term childless for a reason
because they are missing by choice one
of the fundamental things that gives
marriage its purpose and its meaning
ught but you just think about it this
way you could never speak about any
other group of humans on the planet the
way that we speak about children
children are the only ones who we feel
perfectly entitled to expressly dislike
and even say we don't like them you know
it's not uncommon to hear people say
well I don't like kids or or even I hate
kids there was an article written a
couple years ago I forget in what
publication I want to say salon if it's
not salon I do I don't mean to you can
understand why I assume that it is I
think it was salon ran an article and
the title was something like I hate your
kids and I'm not sorry something like
that
and it was a woman confessing that she
just hates kids it's somewhat uncommon
to hear people say it like that in
public but if that's not an uncommon
thing to hear just in society someone
who just hates kids hates being around
so it's it's suddenly acceptable to have
a prejudice against an entire group of
people why is that okay I know people
think it's well it's okay to not like
kids
it's actually not okay if because you
know why it's not okay because it
wouldn't be okay to feel that way about
any other group would it
whatever your demographic group is what
if somebody said what if you're a
middle-aged woman and somebody said I
don't like I don't like middle-aged
women I just don't like them don't want
to be around them don't like them that's
all
how would you how would that make you
feel was that an okay thing to think now
if you think it you think it but it's
not you shouldn't think it there's
something wrong with you if you think it
again these are the kind of statements
that in the past people would be ashamed
to say they would never say that and
they'd be shamed for saying it and
deservedly so we're not supposed to hate
people for who they are whatever
happened to that or express our desires
to be free from them I mean what have
you said you were moving to a certain
neighborhood because you want to be free
from X group of people
now if you were to put kids into that X
group then everyone's fine with it but
if you were put any other category of
person into that group that would
generally be frowned upon for good
reason it should be
so we
that's the way we feel about most people
we say you can't just hate whole groups
of people but we've made children an
exception to that rule and that doesn't
make any sense if anything children
should be the only non exceptions to
that rule because I can think of plenty
of valid reasons to dislike most of the
adults I have encountered in my life and
I'm sure people that have encountered me
could say the exact same thing there's
plenty of reasons to not like me there's
plenty of reasons that for me to not
like most of the people that I've
encountered that are adults but kids
you know kids are innocent kids are
energetic they're fun they're
unconditionally loving kids have
unconditional love what's not to like
about if you don't like that they're
really there's something wrong it's not
something you you shouldn't not like
that
basically kids have all the qualities
that we have unnaturally infused into
dogs that's that's essentially what's
happening we have kids and dogs have
traded places in our culture do you
realize that that now we've taken all
the qualities of children and we've
given them to dogs
and we've taken the qualities of dogs
and given them to children and now we
treat children the way people used to
treat dogs which is a lot of people
didn't like dogs I want to be around
them their animals get them out of here
I don't want them inside I want to want
to playing with me I don't want them in
the restaurant like their dogs their
animals it's a beast please get it away
you know I don't want and it would be
okay to say I hate dogs and their a I
don't to be around them they're gross I
don't like him now you could say that
about kids but you can't say to pose you
said it about dogs dogs are saintly
they're Saints dogs are their
unconditionally loving no they're not
they don't have any love they're not
capable of it love is a willful choice
dogs don't make willful choices they
don't have a conscience you need that
have love you need to be a human to love
kids really have that and anyone who's a
parent you've seen this especially in
your younger kids that they really just
love you deeply and and and and it's
it's not just that they don't see the
flaws in you now that's that's part of
the mean they do kind of see you as a
superhero my kids think that I can pick
up our house my kids literally think I
can pick up our house above my head and
walk down the block with it that's what
they think and they might think that
because I told them I don't know I don't
remember but so they do kind of see as a
superhero but they also I think they do
also see your flaws and sometimes
they'll point them out kind of
innocently they're very honest about it
but they love you in spite of it they
don't it's like they don't the most
non-judgmental thing if a kid ever comes
up to you and just points out something
wrong with you they don't mean any
offense by it they're just they're just
noticing it but they love you anyway
it's no big deal nothing personal
that's why we should all like kids
so second thing so that's the first
thing it's really not okay to be
prejudiced against kids and one other
point on that especially when you
consider what we do to kids in this
society kids are also the only human
talk about talk about prejudice if you
want the real evidence of that
they're the only humans in our society
who you can legally kill and we've
killed 60 million of them so before you
laugh at the idea that we're prejudiced
against kids that we've got a mass grave
filled with 60 million
dead bodies of children so yes we do we
are prejudiced against children in our
culture second thing
there's no freedom in being child free
okay now there are things that my wife
and I have trouble doing now because we
have kids of course like we can't leave
the house without spending 45 minutes
looking for somebody's shoes hey and
that's a whole other thing I don't want
to get off on on on that tangent but
that's the shoe thing I just I'm at the
point now as a as a dad well I just want
to give up on shoes I'm about to tell my
kids we're not doing shoes anymore
there's not gonna be any more shoes in
this house no more shoes I'm gonna have
a no-shoe policy and now because they
can't I'm telling you the moment a kid
walks in within ten seconds of a kid
walking getting inside at the house the
shoes will be off and one of them will
be lost just gone
anyway um I say all that lovingly though
it's it's so that's one thing you know
that's a you can't just leave the house
you gotta find the shoes you got to go
through the whole thing but that's just
a fact of life and it might you know my
wife and I we can't just up and go to a
movie anytime we want we can't go on a
date and we can do all those things but
takes planning it takes extra money you
gotta get a babysitter all that stuff so
but that's just a fact of life that's
that's a minor challenge that's a that's
a hurdle to get over that's not slavery
the way people talk about oh I don't
have kids I'm free
well what do you think that you think
I'm enslaved what do you think you think
I'm in jail or something
it can't be considered an encroachment
on my freedom to have kids
unless freedom is defined as the ability
to live however you want without
inconvenience if that's free if if
freedom is just really boiled down to
freedom from inconvenience then yeah I
guess that's then I guess I am a slave
but that idea of freedom is how you get
a brave new world or America circa 2018
you could live in a in a in a
totalitarian state and still have that
kind of freedom
as long as the totality and dictator
keeps you basically comfortable then by
that logic you're free
but if we understand freedom as the
ability to live as God intends us to
live with our inherent human dignity
preserved and protected then our freedom
is actually enhanced when we have kids
because we're doing what we're made to
do we're growing we're changing where we
are becoming something
we're embracing our new identity an
identity with greater responsibilities
yes but also a greater capacity and
potential for love and joy
the thing is
I am free
to do all the things that a person
without kids can do there's there's
nothing there is nothing that a child
free person can do that I can't do I can
do all that I can go on a vacation I can
go out to eat I can do I can do
everything they can do there there is no
activity or experience that's open to
them and is completely fundamentally
closed off from me
I could now it might take some extra
effort to might cost a little bit more
money I might really have to make it a
priority if I want to do it but I can do
it I'm not precluded from
but a child-free person is actually
precluded from the joys and experiences
of parenthood
so when you're when you're when you want
to be a child free it means that you
could do everything that personal kids
can do you can just do some of it a
little bit easier
whereas when you have kids there's a
whole new life that's opened up to you a
whole new identity opened up to you that
is not opened up to people who decide
not to have kids
so who really is the most free
third thing about the child free
movement is that it is a it is a
celebration of narcissism
the people who advocate this lifestyle
they're also advocating a philosophy and
it's a really terrible philosophy
because they are advancing the notion
that the key to happiness is is located
within our own egos and so what they're
suggesting is that the happiest person
is the person who is most empowered to
kind of indulge and entertain themselves
person who wants to be child free their
greatest aim is to keep themselves to
themselves
accumulating their goal is just to
accumulate wealth pleasure experiences
surely just for their own sake
and for no other reason
I don't think that's the path to
happiness I think that's the quickest
path to despair
and I also think that the people who
advocate for this path know that it
brings to this despair because they are
in despair themselves the truth is this
joy is found through work and love and
sacrifice it cannot be found anywhere
else nobody has ever found it anywhere
else
many people have theorized
philosophically that you could find it
somewhere else
many people have set out on the omission
on the journey the perilous journey to
try to find it somewhere else but none
of them have accomplished the task it's
like the Fountain of Youth or any other
mythical
treasure that people go out seeking this
this this joy this fulfillment true
happiness that can be found in
selfishness that is the ultimate
Fountain of Youth the ultimate mythical
reward that people literally kill
themselves trying to find
and they never will
all they find out all they find out
there in in that wasteland of
materialism and self-indulgence is more
of the despair that drove them there in
the first place so they try to bypass
sacrifice and suffering and work to get
to joy but then they discover in the end
that they bypassed joy at the same time
but what do they do what do they do they
still come back and tell us that hey
guys I found the joy it's over here come
with me
and they encourage everyone to follow
them out there into the desert
because misery loves company I guess
but we should listen to that
you don't give up your freedom when you
have kids
you may be giving a lot of time you're
giving money and making sacrifices
you're embracing you know a life that's
going to be in many ways harder
but you're not really giving up anything
meaningful and you're gaining so much
more as I said you're gaining yourself
you're gaining an entire new identity
there are only a few moments in our life
when we really become something else
than what we were before there are only
a few moments when we really change
fundamentally to our core one of those
is marriage one of them is Parenthood
and that's a beautiful thing and that's
what we should be talking about at our
society and that's what we should be
celebrating especially as we as the
birth rate declines and we kind of just
fall headlong into self-appointed
extinction I think it becomes even more
necessary to have a message like this
all right guys have a great weekend
thanks for watching
you
