so over the weekend speaking of
Americans American American pastor
Andrew Bronson was released after two
years in a pircuit Turkish a Turkish
prison
he had been arrested on charges of of
Christianization which yes that is
that's a real thing and in many
countries across the world a
Christianisation is a crime that you can
commit and the Trump administration
negotiated for his release and he
finally arrived home and there was a
wonderful scene at the White House where
pastor Brunson was thanking the Trump
and prayed for him prayed over him and
was a great scene but I think I think
pastor Bronson's plights
and as far as I know yes he hasn't
spoken much yet about about his actual
experiences in prison which I'm sure
we're not pleasant experiences I'm sure
we'll hear that story eventually but his
plight brings our minds back or or or
ought to bring our minds back anyway to
the problem of Christian persecution
across the world
remember he was arrested for being
Christian that was his crime and that is
a crime as I said in many countries in
fact there was a recent report for at
least a few months ago that said that
Christian persecution today is worse now
than it's ever been in history you know
China Egypt India Iraq Nigerian North
Korea Pakistan Turkey Saudi Arabia the
situation is very bad in all these
countries Christians are arrested
tortured killed
persecuted in many other ways their
churches are burned down
and their their very existence their
faith their existence has been
criminalized there's a story in Newsweek
of all places about this problem a few
months ago may read a little bit of that
to you just to give you the just so you
understand what's happening
it says the persecution and genocide of
Christians across the world is worse
today than quote at any time in history
and Western governments are failing to
stop it a report from a Catholic
organization said a study by aid to the
church in need said the treatment of
Christians has worsened substantially in
the past two years compared with the two
years prior it has grown more violent
than any other period in modern time not
only are Christians more persecuted than
any other faith group but
ever-increasing numbers are experiencing
the very worst forms of persecution the
report said the report examined the
plight of Christians in China Egypt
India Iran Iraq Nigeria North Korea
Pakistan Saudi Arabia Sudan Syria Turkey
over the period lasting from 2015 until
2017 and the research show that in that
time Christian suffered crimes against
humanity some were hanged some were
crucified
it says Saudi Arabia was the only
country where the situation did not get
worse but that doesn't mean it got any
better the report put a special focus on
Middle Eastern countries like Iraq and
Syria where the authors argued
Christians would have been entirely
wiped out if it weren't for military
action and the assistance of Christian
humanitarian organizations then it talks
about the situation for Coptic
Christians in Egypt
for Christians and in various African
countries it's very bad as well
so this is a this is a widespread
problem across the globe
