senator Elizabeth Warren has released a
DNA test proving that she is just about
as white as is possible for a girl to be
without actually becoming invisible
Warren took the test after being taunted
by President Trump for falsely claiming
she was part Cherokee now don't
misunderstand me there's nothing at all
wrong with being a white woman many of
the Rockettes are white women and of
course Gwyneth Paltrow is very
attractive as well but the problem for
Warren or to use her native name dances
with horse manure is that she listed
herself as Native American on federal
forms when she taught law school and she
repeatedly told the story of how her
parents had to elope because of anti
Indian prejudice but that story now
seems to confirm Warren's native name
lies like a dog because according to
even the suspect analysis of a Stanford
University professor she happens to know
Warren has got so little Indian blood in
her it may just be because one of her
ancestors got some on his shirt when he
was killing one of them in any case
Senator Warren whose native name is
woman who would cheat to be President
has less Indian DNA than most white
Americans and far less than what's
required to claim membership in anything
but the Mularkey tribe the news media
was quick to back Warren's blatant lies
running such headlines as the Boston
Globe headline quote Warren lied about
her ancestry now we will - unquote the
USA Today headline quote we hate Donald
Trump so we'll pretend to believe Warren
unquote and of course the New York Times
headline quote trump slaughters entire
Indian village in our imagination
unquote Warren herself speaking under
her native name walks like a white girl
told reporters quote I will fight no
more forever I go to join the Great
Spirit in the happy hunting ground
Trump give heap big wampum or speak with
forked tongue how Kemosabe
unquote sounds authentic to me
trigger warning I'm - and this is the
Andrew Clavin show
all right I'm back speaking as a black
woman from my my my DNA test boy you
know at this point you get so much for
subscribing to the daily wire that you
that ten bucks that you are clean to
like devonee's are screwed that could be
getting you so much if you just give it
to us once a month or give us a hundred
bucks we'll give you the whole year
we'll give you the leftist ears tumblr
you can watch the another kingdoms
season too you can watch that every
Monday you get it on Friday if you're
not a subscriber and and you not only
get to ask questions in the mailbag you
also today will get to ask questions in
the conversation which is at 5:30 p.m.
Eastern 2:30 p.m. Pacific and I will be
answering all your questions and making
your outlook on life 100% better 50% of
the time probably as always this episode
will be free for everyone to watch on
Facebook and YouTube but only
subscribers can ask the questions if you
don't get into the conversation ask your
questions for tomorrow in the mailbag by
going to daily wire.com hitting the
podcast button hitting the Andrew Klavan
podcast hitting the mailbag ask them all
ask about religion ask about politics
ask about your personal life my answers
are guaranteed 100% correct and will
change your life for the better
right and I know your first question the
one yeah just to save you from asking
the obvious question how I look so
spectacular it is because I exercise
like a demon and that is why I love
Beachbody on demand because I can't go
to the gym I just do not have time I
like hotel rooms I'm traveling I'm
always doing something Beachbody on
demand delivers exercise programs
nutritional advice everything you need
straight to your device okay it's got a
history of success as a company behind
p90x insanity 21 day fix oh I did
insanity I do
insanity sometimes it is well-named
insane it is just incredible you can
work out on your scheduled workouts or
shortest ten minutes they don't require
extra equipment in the time it takes you
to drive and park at the gym you could
be absolutely done sitting back and just
drinking heavily it what join over 1
million people currently on Beachbody on
demand and right now my listeners can
get a special free trial membership when
you text Andrew to thirty thirty thirty
three oh three oh three oh you will get
full access to this entire platform for
free all the workouts the nutrition
information and support totally free
again just text Andrew to thirty thirty
33 o 3o 3o gets Beachbody on demand it
is excellent stuff so I I didn't want to
talk about any more about this Elizabeth
Warren show but it Elizabeth Warren
story but I gotta talk about it because
of the media because of the way the
media is doing it and I want to just
talk about I want to tell the real story
here so you actually can see what is
going on
you know there's an old Latin tag fall
so and you know falsus and on the bus of
your false and one thing you'll be false
and everything and so as you're
listening to the story as you're hearing
it on NPR on ABC on NBC at the new in
The New York Times is any left-winger
asking himself huh if they would lie
about this if they would twist this if
they would con me about this what else
are they conning me about what else are
they scamming me about how much of their
opinions are false what about their
movie reviews what about their headlines
is everything just a scam from these
people I think it is a fair question to
ask when you see this because here it is
laid out right in front of you all these
headlines saying warren confirms her
Indian heritage Warren gets her ancestry
right Oh Donald Trump was wrong about
this this remember this is Donald Trump
he has been kidding her calling her
Pocahontas supposed to be focus on tha's
right because his FAU X she's a faint
Pocahontas Harvard when she was teaching
there listed her as one of their women
of color she put on federal forms that
she was Native American when she taught
at Penn law school and Harvard Law
School when Trump challenged her okay
when she was put on the dime because
he's obviously
was lying she told this story over and
over again her parents it was supposed
to touch you move you so you wouldn't so
you'd feel the Trump was being mean feel
the Trump was being mean to the poor
Indian woman you know first you take her
land then you you know you kill her
tribe you burn her teepees and then you
insult her by saying she's not really so
she would tell the story so some wag at
the free Pete beacon just strung
together all the time she's told this
story he was Elizabeth Warren on
different shows telling the story over
and over again about my family let me
tell you the story of my family my
mother and dad were born and raised in
Oklahoma my mom and dad were born and
raised out in Oklahoma my mother and
daddy were born and raised in Oklahoma
my father fell in love with my mother
when they were both still teenagers my
daddy was in his teens when he fell in
love with my mother my daddy first saw
my mother when they were both teenagers
a beautiful girl who played the piano at
all quiet girl and played the piano he
was just head over heels over her and he
was head over heels in love with her
head over heels but his family was
bitterly opposed to their relationship
and his family was bitterly opposed to
that but his family was bitterly opposed
to their relationship because she was
part Native American because she was
part Native American because she was
part Native American
my parents elope they eventually eloped
they survived the Great Depression they
survived the Dust Bowl they survived the
Great Depression the Dust Bowl days went
to a lot of hard times a lot of knocks
they raised three boys my older brothers
all of whom went off to the military
they raised my three brothers all of
whom headed off to the military they
hung together for 63 years
they hung together three years I know
who I am because of what my mother and
my father told me from our mom and our
dad what my grandmother and my
grandfather told me from our
grandparents what all my aunts and
uncles told me from all of our aunts and
uncles it's a part of who I am and no
one's ever going to take that away it's
a part of me
and nobody's gonna take that part of me
away they lie dealers you got no Indian
blood she goes up she gets a friend to
test she doesn't even send it to 23 and
me like a reputable company she has a
friend and he had this they all have to
do this because they don't have a lot of
Native American DNA to test it against
right so what they tested against the
used samples from Mexico Peru and
Colombia so she could be a little tiny
drop Aztec maybe but all of this all of
this is to find out that she has between
1/64 and one 1,024 of some kind of you
know native North American blood maybe
maybe okay because the whole test seems
bogus to me but me let let me play
Matt's ideas shop who I follow on
Twitter who I really like he's very
funny he put out what one 1020 forth of
the movie Pocahontas looks like here it
is
that's indian warren is most i mean
really it is nonsense most americans are
twice have twice as much as she does and
here is what the cherokee nation has to
say and i'm just setting this all up the
only reason I'm saying this is all up so
you can see how the press covered this
here's what the Cherokee Nation this is
a Cherokee Nation Secretary of State
Chuck Hoskin jr. a DNS DNA test is
useless to determine tribal citizenship
curr India current DNA tests do not even
distinguish whether a person's ancestors
were indigenous to North or South
America sovereign tribal nations set
their own legal requirements for
citizenship and while DNA tests can be
used to determine lineage such as
paternity to an individual it is not
evidence for tribal affiliation using a
DNA test to lay claim to any connection
to the Cherokee Nation or any tribal
nation even vaguely is inappropriate and
wrong it makes a mockery out of DNA
tests and its legitimate uses while also
dishonouring legitimate tribal
governments and their citizens whose
ancestors are well documented and whose
heritage is proved Senator Warren is
undermining tribal interests with her
continued claims of tribal heritage this
is the tribe this is the charities
actually saying this ok so it's a
complete self owned one of the hilarious
terms the internet has given us a
cellphone
she has completely made herself look
like an idiot
here is a montage from our friends at
News Buster's of the networks covering
this story tonight calling his bluff
after relentless taunts by President
Trump over senator Elizabeth Warren's
claims of Native American ancestry they
call her Pocahontas Pocahontas
Pocahontas a DNA analysis stating there
is strong evidence the senator had a
Native American in her family going back
six to ten generations today President
Trump was dismissive senator Elizabeth
Warren releasing DNA test results to
back up her claims of native and
can heritage the report indicates the
senator warns Native American ancestors
between six and ten generations back
just wine just lying to defender and if
they're lying and one thing are they
lying and everything is anybody who
watches this asking cheat am I being
conned all the time if you don't want to
get conned you know what you could get
you get stamps.com calm steps calm is
the easy way to get to the post office
the post office has so many great
services but nowadays you want them in
your computer just where you have
everything else is in your computer and
let stamps calm you can access all the
amazing services of the post office
right from your desk 24/7 when it's
convenient for you which is big deal to
me buy and print official US postage for
any letter any package using your own
computer and printer and the mail
carrier picks it up you have no idea how
much I love this thing in LA where to
get anywhere to get to your next door
neighbor to get to your mailbox takes
20-30 minutes because of the traffic
that's that's under estimating it with
this you just click print mail you're
done it could not be easier and right
now you can use Clavin for this special
offer it includes up to fifty five
dollars free postage a digital scale and
a four week trial so don't wait go to
stamps calm before you do anything else
click on the radio microphone at the top
of the homepage and type in Clavin that
stamps.com
enter Clavin and you can put in your
first letter just write to someone and
say how do you spell Clavin it is que la
vie aan so I got to finish this this
story because it does go on right I mean
she has done so many things with this
Indian about her high cheekbones like
all the Indians have that was one thing
she says so now one of the taunts the
Trump went after her with was Trump said
well it will see what he said he said
I'll give you a million dollars if you
take a DNA test and prove that you're an
Indian okay so here he is talking to the
reporters here's his reaction to this
hilarious news this is Trump out moraine
who cares
I think you better read it again I hope
she's running for president because I
think she'd be very easy I hope that she
is running I do not think she'd be
difficult at all she'll destroy the
country she'll make our country into
Venezuela with that being said I don't
want to say bad things about her because
I hope she would be one of the people
that would get through the process it's
gonna be a long process with the
Democrats
okay so the press immediately jumps on
this oh there's Trump line again he did
say he would give her a million dollars
here's just a sample from Anderson
Cooper a quick one well today he's
asking us not to care about an insult
that he repeatedly hurled it is sitting
u.s. senator and he's asking us not to
believe what we saw him say on tape in
front of a crowd of thousands of people
also late today he tried blaming the
target saying she not he was the country
an apology but we'll have more on that
in a moment
keeping him honest it's textbook
gaslighting we've talked about this
before asking people to not believe what
they see in here challenging reality
textbook gas lighting because they're
not telling the truth here is what Trump
actually said to your favorite charity
paid for by Trump if you take the test
that it shows you're an idiot
okay if you take the test and it proves
you're an Indian it doesn't prove it
prove she's a white girl that's what it
proves it is the test that says you are
a white girl couldn't just come back
with that you're white
bingo you are white and unless we're
gonna go back to the days of real
bigotry when they said you know you have
a drop of black blood and you can't come
in here but even they even if that were
the case even if we were living under
those prejudice days this would not
suffice because no one would be able to
see it or know it or tell that it was
there
Trump is utterly completely totally
right
she is utterly completely totally
scamming you and the networks are lying
and so what else are they lying about
well it's everything it is everything
they're lying about speaking of which if
you want to hear some truth told it is
finally time we had to skip a week
because everybody was so busy putting
together another Kingdom but we finally
gotten back to the Lefty's dictionary we
are up to Jay let us find out what Jay
for J is for jihad
according to leftist jihad is a much
misunderstood concept in the West due to
Islamophobia many bigoted Westerners
have come to fear the word jihad
unnecessarily a proper reading of the
Koran reveals that jihad is a spiritual
struggle during which a Muslim attempts
to rise to a higher plane of
consciousness by slaughtering
unbelievers raping their women taking
over their civilizations and persecuting
and oppressing them until they're all
dead thus to oppose jihad is to fort a
spiritual development of a religious
believer he wouldn't want to thwart
someone's spiritual development would
you of course not that would be wrong
there are over a hundred and fifty
verses concerning jihad in the Koran
almost all of them refer to waging war
against unbelievers but it's a metaphor
for spiritual struggle we had a lot of
severed heads and dead bodies and
wailing women and so forth but only in a
metaphorical spiritual sense in short
jihad is a religious concept and
religion is sacred that's why it's
called religion if it weren't sacred it
would not be called religion but
something else like killing and raping
then you would be able to oppose it but
as long as it's called religion you must
submit to being killed and raped that's
in the Constitution and lest any foul
Jews or Christians go around feeling
superior to anybody just remember the
Bible has lots of ugly things in it too
like when Jesus went on the Crusades and
murdered gay people or when the Jews
conquered Canaan and then became bigshot
doctors and charged everyone an arm and
a leg just for a lousy checkup so really
when you think about it it's Jews and
Christians who are the evil ones and
Muslims who are nice except for the
whole jihad slaughtering and raping
people thing which is very spiritual for
the Muslim for everyone else it's just
being killed and raped also known as
jihad J is for Jia
Andrew Clavin on the lefties dictionary
somehow they're not covering this series
in the mainstream media I don't know
what what it is with like you know
what's great however
I can't believe that people at the Daily
wire put this stuff out what's wrong
with them what is it what is wrong with
those people uh you know it is great
that was honey I love this thing this is
so easy and saves you so much money
without even thinking about it I don't
know why everybody doesn't do it I mean
all you do it takes like about two
seconds it's a free shopping tool that
automatically searches the internet for
the best promo codes every time you buy
something online so you sign up it takes
a couple of clicks and it takes a couple
of clicks it's has saved listeners of
this podcast on average 34 bucks a piece
I mean I know but it happens right away
it takes two clicks I put it on I went
on Amazon and started shopping things my
own books were discounted it's just
stuff you wouldn't know if you didn't
have this thing it just finds the little
coupons that you wouldn't know we're
even there and it gives you a deal and
I've gotten books on it I've gotten all
kinds of stuff it is just great it is a
money-saving shopping tool that everyone
can agree on and you can get honey for
free there's nothing to it join honey
calm slash Andrew that's join honey calm
slash Andrew join honey calm slash
Andrew it's the easiest way to save
money while shopping on line so the
other thing that I've talked about that
the press does besides just out-and-out
lying is they take snapshots of a moving
train and we're always in the situations
are always developing always changing
and what they're always doing is looking
for that moment that they can freeze so
that they can attack Trump so when after
that was going on remember the Canadians
were left out and he kept saying don't
worry about it don't worry about it they
can't say he's leaving the Canadians out
it's all bogus it's all fake and then
the Canadians came to the table it was a
moving negotiation well now we've got
this khashoggi thing jamala khashoggi
them the journalists the what a
Washington Post columnist who seems to
have been murdered in Turkey in the
Saudi consulate and it's still
developing and the press is using this
to hammer Trump he doesn't care he all
he cares about is the money because we
have arms deals this is not true first
of all the thing is getting more and
more complex as we understand more about
who Khashoggi is it really does seem
that he was kind of in with the royal
the Saudi royal family plus he was a
super
order of the Muslim Brotherhood and the
problem is in the Middle East things are
complex that he believed that the Muslim
Brotherhood was a force for democracy
which is probably true it is probably
true that the Muslim Brotherhood is a
force for democracy when the force for
democracy in your region is the Muslim
Brotherhood you're not ready for
democracy that is it's simply that true
the Muslim Brotherhood is a radical
Islamic Islamist non-secular theocratic
group terrorist group and if they're
your democracy that's not what you want
meanwhile you've got this guy mb/s they
call a mutt Mohammed bin Salman who is
the now the Crown Prince of Saudi Arabia
who's clearly kind of a bumbling you
know he wants to be the glorious kind of
reformer but also the authoritarian he
wants to fix the economy he's really
doing a bad job that's and now there is
a report at least in the Wall Street
Journal that what they're going to say
is that they that khashoggi died during
a an interrogation they accident it's
like they it's like they killed him
accidentally while they were trying to
kill him he accidentally died while we
were trying to kill him that's basically
what they're gonna say because they're
now stuck right they need us to we need
them not it's not just the money I know
Trump emphasizes that but it's not just
the money the Iran the Iranians are
carving out territory from themselves
the doyen in in Turkey is also a fan of
the Muslim Brotherhood he's trying to
bring back the Ottoman Empire with a
distinct Islamist flavor
we need the Saudi Arabians so what we
have to do is we have to play it tough
with them but we cannot we don't want to
blow up the relationship that's what it
comes down to we have to be tough with
them we can't allow them to get away
with this but we don't want to blow up
the relationship so Trump is outside
talking to the press he has sent Pompeyo
over Secretary of State over which is
the right thing to do here he is talking
to the press telling him what he's what
he's working on Secretary of State Mike
Pompeo to immediately get
a plane go to Saudi Arabia go to other
places if necessary which you probably
will but with regard to this go to
Turkey if necessary the King told me
that Turkey and Saudi Arabia are working
hand in hand very closely on getting to
the bottom of what happened so we'll see
what happens but Mike Pompeo excuse me
Mike Pompeo is leaving literally within
an hour or so he's heading to Saudi
Arabia we are going to leave nothing
uncovered with that being said the King
firmly denied any knowledge of it he
didn't really know maybe I don't want to
get into his mind but it sounded to me
like maybe these could have been rogue
killers who knows we're gonna try
getting to the bottom of it very soon
but his was a flat denial
so obviously Trump always likes to get
along with his gut people he always
wants to be in these relationships he
talks about the love his love for Kim
jong-un in North Korea it seems even our
intelligence is sort of saying that they
sent people over to kill this guy it is
completely unacceptable it's completely
unacceptable but it's gonna be complex
so Trump is doing the right thing in
delaying for now Lindsey Graham who is
has always been a big Hawk and always
been a supporter of Saudi Arabia because
he knows how important they are to us in
the region he's coming down pretty hard
and I think the stuff that he's saying
he's going after the crown prince he's
saying the crown prince we should focus
on getting rid of him not breaking up
our relationship with Saudi Arabia
nothing happens in Saudi Arabia without
NBS knowing it who's MBA he's the 33
year old Crown Prince who jumped over
other people he's the son of the
existing King and I think he's on a bad
track I can never do business with Saudi
Arabia again until we get this behind us
right and what does that mean that means
I'm not going back to Saudi Arabia as
long as this guy's in charge so you're
selling the crown prince has to leave
this up to them but I'm not going been
their biggest defender on the floor of
the United States Senate this guy is a
wrecking ball he had this guy murdered
consulate and Turkey and to expect me to
ignore it I feel used and abused I was
on the floor every time defending Saudi
Arabia cuz there's a good Ally there's a
difference between a country and an
individual the NBS figure is to me toxic
he can never be a world leader on the
world stage so this is the way these
guys have to talk that senators have to
talk they have to come down hard on this
this is a real thing but all I'm saying
about this is now that you know I mean I
know that people are listening to this
now but now that you know that basically
the mainstream media is simply running a
scam that's all they're doing they're
running a pro Democrat scam when you're
watching this story develop and it's a
big story and it's an interesting story
and it a lot is riding on it just
remember the things are much more
complicated than even Lindsey Graham is
saying I mean he knows that this is a
very delicate difficult situation I
don't know if they're gonna get rid of
the crown prince
I don't know what they're going to do
we're not gonna let them I don't think
we can let them get away with this kind
of you know murder of a guy who had a
green card it was an American resident
he was a resident American journalist we
do not want this happening but but we
also have to know this is a complex
relationship a complex area and we don't
want to blow things up so actually I
think Trump is kind of doing the right
thing he's doing it in his usually usual
blustering way but I think I think he
will get to the right end once Pompeo
finds out what the hell was going on you
know talking about all the things you
get when you are a subscriber I mean
this way we're just given stuff away
it's insured it is absurd we're giving
you another Kingdom we're giving you the
conversation later today and then on
Wednesday which is tomorrow tomorrow 7
p.m. Eastern 4 p.m. Pacific we've got
another Daily wire backstage with the
one and only Ben Shapiro that likewise
one and only God King Jeremy boring it's
not like there's two of him me there's
several of me but the I'll be there by
myself and Alicia Krauss we might even
let Michael Knowles come in but I don't
know so here's the thing we'll take
questions but only from daily wire
subscribers so make sure to become a
daily wire subscriber today you know
we've got coming up is we've got Nick
Searcy the director of Gosnell the trial
of America's biggest serial killer which
has a screenplay written by me story and
screenplay written by me and
Nik was the director and he also turns
in a terrific performance in it as well
as Dean Cain and Alfonso Rachel and a
whole really the whole cast
so anyway stay tuned for that but first
we gotta say goodbye to Facebook and
YouTube come on over to Daly wire.com
and subscribe for just all these all
this stuff so much stuff just ten lousy
bucks a month a hundred lousy bucks a
year what were you doing with it anyway
come over to Daly wire comm and
subscribe all right you all know Nick
Searcy he is an actor and director he
has so many credits to his name he's
probably best known for chief playing
chief deputy United States Marshal art
Mullen unjustified one of my favorite
cop shows ever he was great in it and we
talked about that a little bit he is the
director of Gosnell the trial of
America's biggest serial killer story of
an abortionist who got away with murder
because nobody wanted to touch the
subject
let us talk to Nick Searcy international
film and television star Nick sir I feel
I've arrived I made it and it's Peabody
award-winning Internet I'm sorry I left
out the video I thought everybody knows
that yes so so I it took so long for
Gosnell to come out I forget how I got
involved with it I think I saw I just
saw them raising money on IndieGoGo or
someplace yeah and I approached how did
you get involved with this well when
they had the idea to raise the money on
IndieGoGo they actually came to me and
asked if I would do a video just like a
little ad for it and and I did that and
you know and I went on Bill O'Reilly you
know to sort of pump the fundraising
campaign and of course Bill O'Reilly
told me that nobody would want to see a
movie about this awful subject well that
was it and so then after they got the
money I guess that's when they came to
you because you have to have money
before you'll do writers get money
upfront because they never know
otherwise I get thrown out of their
houses just clinging on yeah and so then
you
you wrote the script and then after I
guess they were done with you they asked
me if I knew any directors so I sent him
a couple people that I really liked and
they had meetings with them and what for
whatever reason it didn't work out and
then when they asked me if I knew
anybody else I submitted myself not and
I showed them a movie that I've directed
a few years ago and they watched it and
asked me if I wanted to do it oh that's
nice that's good so the bill o'reilly
thing i mean this is what we all started
with everybody who talked about this at
the beginning was how do we make a film
about this really unpleasant serial
killer abortionist serial killer that
people will actually want to see right
so how did you deal with that well you
know well first of all your script was
so interesting and so there was so much
great information in it that I kept I
really felt like we could do it without
really bombarding people with the images
yeah that the words and the story would
be powerful enough and so that's what we
tried to do is just stick to the
procedural aspect of the story how they
caught him and then how they convicted
him and we managed to do that by you
know we the film has a great emotional
impact and I think that would have been
diminished if we had grossed everybody
else yeah with some repulsive kind of
images and we don't yeah that's that's
that's how I mean I think Bill O'Reilly
was afraid or or thought it was going to
be some sort of thing like the human
centipede or something well I remember
you know my pal Cyrus no hasta you know
Cyrus yeah you know he made the Stoney
of sore I am and you know people don't
want to take their dates to a woman
getting stones great movie it's the
Arabic movie but people don't want to go
out on a Saturday night and see that but
this this is a crime story yeah it is
and and it and it fun it works as a
movie it's what I like most about it yes
it's about this issue but I felt that we
really had to make it work just as if it
was a movie about any other crime right
right right
so how did you how did Dean Cain come
into it they approached him and he read
the script and loved it know and wanted
to get on board and you know he was
somebody I kind of thought of from the
beginning
yeah he just kind of he actually
resembles the the real-life guy he does
resemble yeah and and he's just you know
he has a great energy for it you need
that sort of like inquisitive sort of
boisterous you know person of deep
conviction and that's what Dean is right
and he really brings that across yeah I
have to say you know he is a he is a pal
but I still thought that Alfonso Rachel
was like a revelation and it I had no
idea that he acted at that level I
thought he was terrific he was terrific
you know I remember I only really said
one thing Alfonso in the first day of
shooting you know we were working on the
scene and I said so don't try to be
interesting you're interesting enough
huh just relax yeah and after that he
just took off yeah no I was he really he
improvised a lot of stuff that we kept
you know because he's just so clever and
quick yeah and now he's great he held
his own with a real pro and being and it
was great so you've been taking the film
around and it seems to be you seem to be
packing houses and now you know now it's
open but what what kind of reactions are
you getting from the audience you know
it's a very powerful response that the
audience has to it it's it's emotional
but it's not emotional in that sort of
tear jerker way it's just moving yeah
story is moving and you know this the
the journey of the lead prosecutor is
moving and you know it people have a
really powerful emotional response to it
and one of the great things is that it
did a bunch of screenings in North
Carolina and in Tennessee last week and
at two different screenings a person in
the audience raised their hand and said
I'm I'm pro-choice and I really think
this is an important movie well I think
everybody should see this that's that is
important that shows that you were fair
I mean yeah and and you know I've said
from the beginning all the information
in this movie is stuff it doesn't matter
what side of the issue you're on yeah
this is this is important information
you need to know what we're talking
about you know I wonder about this or
when when you're working with actors
because writers never get to do this
they kind of write the thing and then
the time the thing is made you're kind
of on another project somewhere when
you're talking to the actors about this
do you discuss the issues I mean is it
is that does that play into it at any
point yeah I mean there's a
little bit of that but it's never it's
never like you know we're we don't
discuss them like we're arguing about it
it's like it's more just like they come
up in the course of what is this
character trying to do and you know what
is he trying to accomplish in this scene
yeah and that kind of thing because by
the time you get to the by the time you
get to actually shooting the movie there
isn't a lot of time to argue about
anything right you're in a war and
you've got to get the thing done okay
okay now you I mean I was first
introduced to you on Twitter where I
remember the first words I ever said to
you in person were oh my god the meanest
man on Twitter yeah turns out you're
actually fairly civilized human being I
mean on on Twitter you are as open you
and James Woods on either the two yeah
most open conservatives on Twitter yes
my Twitter life is like I'm a heel
wrestler and I'm out there trying to get
and the more people that hate me the
better does that I mean would you lost
his agent at some point has this with
you at all in the well I haven't lost my
agents um you know they they and it's
not like they don't know who I am right
so it I'm sure it may have affected me
in some way I don't know yeah it's not
like they call me up and tell me when
they don't give me a job right right you
know they don't tell you why were you
always a conservative um pretty much I
mean I think in my early I'm in my 20s
and 30s I was so focused on getting an
acting career going that I really didn't
think about politics that much yeah we
uh but I was kind of a default
conservative I would think you know I
grew up my parents were Republicans and
so I kind of had that you know backstory
and so then when when my wife and I had
our first child that's when I really
started paying attention to politics and
that figured out that I was on that side
what am i I've said this to you before
one of my favorite moments of all time
seriously of all time on television I
mean justified one of the great shows of
all time and you play dart Mullins who
was the boss of know you I can't really
with lieutenant maybe I can't remember
ranked chief deputy chief deputy sorry
that's right cuz he was a US more so you
were you were staking a place out
you're sitting your car and you were
listening to Rush Limbaugh and I thought
only you could have pulled that off you
that had that that did that come from
you did you do that well what happened
was the year before the season before
that Rush mentioned the show on on his
television program on his radio show
right and he mentioned me by name he
said you know my favorite character art
Mullen came back next thirsty plays and
I was not everybody's calling me like
rush just mentioned you on the air so
yeah that's that'll light up your bio
yeah and so I was Twitter friends with
David Limbaugh and I wrote to him I said
as Rush want me to come on or something
and like then afternoon boats nerdly
called
they set up something and I went on and
I was interviewed on the show
well Roy is very such a fan of justified
I would tell everybody I was on longer
than Dick Cheney was but after that like
the writers of the show came up to me
and said hey we we listened to your
interview on the Rush Limbaugh Show I
said oh he did am i fired
I think oh no no we think you should
keep doing it I said yeah because I'm
pulling in all that audience you guys
have been driving away for 20 they
really do yeah and so but then the next
season they wrote that in and I told
Rush I think I think that's the first
time in television history that a
character has been listening to Rush
Limbaugh on the air and he wasn't a
serial killer or something awful amazing
you you were the moral center of the
show I mean because is he the the
marshal they can now forgot his name
you'll tell me what empathy oh yeah
Raylan given really good ones yeah you
know he was kind of a wild man he'd go
off the reservation sometime but you
were always this moral center of the
show and have the moral center of a
television show listening to Rush
Limbaugh was revolutionary I mean that
was vastly amazing I don't think they
really knew what they were doing
really those guys are out the writers of
that show the head writer Graham is a
close friend and you know it they all
know me very well don't know I mean I've
always wondered this about actors
because writers your voice goes into
everything so anything you're writing is
going to come out you know directly out
of you know
you see that's true that you bring
yourself to a character but you don't
have a say over the general tone or
theme of the work that you're in is
there anything you wouldn't do is there
is there a movie that you would look at
and say no I'm not gonna I'm not gonna
play that part because he's saying
things like I can't stay well you know I
I'm not really scared of much of
anything in terms of as long as the
character makes sense right like it you
know if like I'd go back to the Human
Centipede because I think that's one of
the funniest things that's ever been
created but I go back to what Eric
Robert said about it he said whenever
they ask me why I did the Human
Centipede I'm gonna say I did it for the
back end but I mean as long as the
character makes sense is I if I can get
into his head and and because otherwise
it's just some sort of cartoonish
psychopath it's not interesting right
right right
you know but that's that's kind of where
I draw the line I mean I don't mind
playing real monsters as long as I can
understand where they're coming from
what about the overall theme like in the
shape of water you know there was this
kind of overall you you felt that as a
conservative I mean obviously a
beautifully made movie and wonderfully
acted and you were great in it but but
if the same time as a conservative you
felt you were getting this a little bit
of like a tolerance lesson that you've
heard yeah does it ever bug you that you
are like a part of that or do you just
do your part and go you know I always
feel like I'm I'm when I sign on to a
project I'm there to help a person tell
the story and I feel like people have
the right to tell the story I think
we'll and you know like I said if I can
understand the character I thought I was
the good guy in shape aboard it made
more sense to me than anybody else in
the movie right right so and you know
that that's that's kind of how I go
about it I mean there certainly have
been some things that I've read in the
past that I said I don't want to do that
because of the tone of it but you know
like I say I think people have the right
to tell their stories if you know one of
the things
stuns me about Hollywood and people
who've never worked in Hollywood have
never gone near it they were always
saying all Hollywood cares about his
money which really isn't true I mean
they there is a lot of ideology going on
and here are I can't remember the exact
number the people who voted for Trump's
63 million people who can't find watch a
comedian because they're all insulting
them
you know basically can't go to the
movies cuz they're all insulting they
don't even a lot of money on the ground
what if you could like write down this
is how to transform the culture what
would you say what would you say to
conservatives how do you how do you get
at least I don't want liberal movies to
go away I want there to just everybody
to get a chance to tell a story how
would you how would you engineer that I
would say just you know tell stories
that interest you still tell stories
that appeal to your valo values but just
tell them straightforwardly yeah oh
don't don't feel like you have to beat
the message into people they'll get it
right you know even I mean the best kind
of liberal movies they don't some of
them do and then the ones that do beat
their message into you are bad right and
you can't stand it but you know like the
shape of water it doesn't beat you over
the head with it it's there right you
know but it and I think that's the
that's the key and the way the society
has been so bifurcated now with liberals
on one side making their products and
conservatives on the other side making
theirs we conservatives have to find a
way a pathway to get their movies out
there right to get their television
shows on the air somehow and that's why
Gosnell I mean you know we shot it three
years ago
it's amazing you wrote it four years ago
yeah and it took us this long to get it
to the screen because there isn't a
pathway for our kind of move right you
had to make your own way well you get it
did you face headwinds as you face
people who just said we will not do this
because it's about abortion I'm told
that you know I I didn't have anything
buddy wasn't producing anything after I
directed it but yeah I'm told that they
did get a lot of people commenting
things like this is a really good movie
but we're not gonna be the ones we put
it out do you feel that now this will
this open up other avenues for you
because I mean you're a good director
you you know this is a you know you are
and I would think that people people I
know we're always looking for directions
they're not that thick on the ground I I
hope so
I mean I certainly have a couple
projects I'm pitching in different
places and one script I've already
written and that I want to do yeah so
it's it's a matter of if you know
Gosnell does well and you know not get a
reputation going as a director that
would be wonderful
I'd love to do it again yeah yeah yeah
Nick it's always great to see you talk
to you huh person than you are in
Twitter I know it's a failing but I'm
glad that I was able to elevate your
show you show an elevated my script as
well pop me up entirely I'm helping you
out as much as I can thanks a lot I'll
talk to you are the hilarious things
about meeting Nick is if you read his
tweets he's so mean and then you meet
him he's just one of the nicest out
alright go see the Gosnell while you're
doing all these other Clavin you could
just bathe yourself and Clavin this for
the next several weeks I mean it would
it would improve your life actually
sexual volleys
so a federal judge in LA has thrown out
stormy Daniels defamation lawsuit
against Trump on free speech grounds
what this is where she was saying that
she had been defamed by him this is this
is Michael avenatti engineered this yet
another disaster right she said that she
was being threatened to stay quiet and
she sent this man after and he made fun
of her on Twitter Trump made fun of her
on Twitter saying the sketch years later
about a non-existent man a total con job
playing the fake news media for fools
but they know it and the the court said
listen this is rhetorical hyperbole
normally associated with politics and
public discourse in the US you can't
assume you know somebody for saying for
basically practicing normal speech this
Michael Anthony oh and he said that or
McDaniels had to pay Trump's court fees
so that's a real slap in the kisser
there's a Michael avenatti is a disaster
but the reason I included this in sexual
follies first of all it was followed by
Donald Trump
it's tweeting in with his just that kind
of elegance and restraint that we always
expect from our president federal judge
throws out stormy Daniels lawsuit versus
Trump Trump is entitled to full legal
fees now I can go after horseface and
her in the great state of Texas to which
the porn star returned ladies and
gentlemen as her tweet may I present
your president in addition to his um
shortcomings he has demonstrated his
incompetence hatred of women and lack of
self control on Twitter again and
perhaps a penchant for bestiality where
did that come from then she ends game on
tiny so just so we know that you know
our presidency our public life is and
discourse is being elevated by these
people thing that always gets me about
stormy Daniels is what is her story
she had a consensual relationship that
she instigated with a billionaire right
she then blackmailed him into paying her
off he paid her off and she agreed not
to say anything and then she said stuff
so she's like a completely disreputable
person on the untrim side of it he is
what we always knew he was a billionaire
playboy a righty but you know that's the
way he behaves
we knew that when we elected him so what
are we learning from this except that
Michael avenatti is like obviously a
Republican operative working you know in
within the Democrat Party to destroy
them I think this is like it this is
actually a win for Trump you should just
keep his mouth shut now but it is
amazing what our public sexual discourse
I just want to remind you that years ago
let's say 30 years ago the press was
saying well we have to cover sex now
because it addresses character it
addresses the character issue what have
we learned we already know what Trump's
characters we know completely what his
character is this hasn't taught us
anything it's just just sex it is just
people selling sex and selling it at its
lowest most disgraceful most disgusting
the most disgusting version of it it
really is it's degrading to the press
it's degrading to our discourse it's
degrading to everybody
Michael avenatti should just go home all
right tomorrow mailbag don't forget go
on daily wire.com hit the podcast button
hit the Andrew Klavan podcast hit the
mailbag and ask me your questions you
can ask me your questions later today
and I will give you answers that are
guaranteed correct what else can you ask
for they guaranteed correct for lousy 10
bucks it's just amazing it is amazing
where else do you get a guarantee like
that and they'll change your life
sometimes for the better be here for the
conversation in a couple hours and for
the mailbag tomorrow I'm Andrew Clavin
this is the Andrew Clavin show
the Andrew Clavin show is produced by
Robert Sterling executive producer
Jeremy boring senior producer Jonathan
hey our supervising producer is Mathis
Glover technical producer Austen Stevens
edited by Alex zingaro audio is mixed by
Mike core Mina hair and makeup is by
Jesuit vera and our animations are by
Cynthia Angulo and Jacob Jackson the
Andrew Klavan show is a daily wire for
word publishing production copyright for
word publishing 2018
