is our big problem with with Rosie on a
lot of celebrities the attempt to
mainstream them is normal human beings
and you see this from both sides I I
think to a certain extent you saw the
Republicans did this with Kid Rock where
suddenly Kid Rock I'm gonna run for
Senate definitely could've won and you
see Kanye West they're doing the same
thing now or in Kanye West's is a grand
expositor of the Constitution of the
United States and listen I'm happy for
anybody to think for themselves if Kanye
wants to talk about voting Republican
I'm Republican I'm happy with that
that's fine but to pretend that
entertainers I mean I've looked after my
entire life done entertainers and show
people aren't a bunch of crazy people is
just nuts
thank you they're like the level of
nuttiness in this town is so high and
yet the halo effect that we have about
celebrities is that well if they're
famous and I see them on TV that must
mean that they're smart in real life no
no it's a biological trick and what it
is is when you evolved when when all of
us lived thousands of years ago we'd
look to the most successful member of
the tribe the one who was older the one
that everybody revered he was the best
hunter he was the smartest warrior he
was the one with the scars in his face
that had survived battle and he could
relay to you the lessons of a life
well-lived this is what I learned this
plants poisonous that snake will kill
you and all of this stuff now gets
relayed to someone who's on a giant
screen now we see Brad Pitt his head is
twenty feet tall there's music playing
when he talks his lines are all
carefully constructed by a team of
writers and we get sucked into it like
he's a real hero and we do that for
anybody that gets attention whether it's
Kim Kardashian or Taylor Swift we we see
these people and millions of people are
paying attention to them so we assume
that there's some quality behind
everything that they're saying there's
something special about them but there's
not it's a biological trick that is it's
perpetrated through and that it's not by
a grand conspiracy but through media
through being able to put them on a
YouTube screen or on a television or a
laptop or wherever you're digesting it
and the knowledge that when you're
watching a clip where Kanye West is
talking about running for president and
you look down at the number and it says
oh my god twenty four million
people have watched this and there's
15,000 thumbs up what the and this is
this is the world that we're living in
today so you you you say well you must
be God Kanye is gonna win Kanye is gonna
win and this is exactly how Donald Trump
got into office we have a popularity
contest to see who becomes president and
we have the very first ever popular
person enter a popularity contest a guy
who is a longtime media personality he
knew very well how to manipulate that he
was charismatic he's a old speaker he's
not afraid to piss people off he knows
he has a bunch of people that like what
he has to say it he could rile them up
and this is what's strange about taking
the word of celebrities over the word of
professors or of public intellectuals or
of people that have actually carefully
considered all these things that are
discussing and have about a lot of
information and they're basing these
conclusions and these statements on a
long history of research and this is not
what you're gonna get from Kanye he's a
guy who doesn't even read he doesn't
read and he's our guy he uses your
incorrectly all the time he uses the
wrong you're like like Piers Morgan I
mean we both have our thoughts on Piers
Morgan but one of the things he wrote
like he corrected him and he's like no
you're never going to be President you
know he shouldn't read that because
that's exactly what Barack Obama said
about President
