Samantha P yesterday of course was the
big news because samantha bee called it
vodka trump a feckless c-word why
because a mauka Trump had committed the
grave sin of having the gall to
photograph herself with her child over
Memorial Day weekend why you ask would
this make her a feckless c-word well
because apparently at the border illegal
immigrant parents are being separated
from their children what does that have
to do with Ivanka Trump you asked
nothing the answer is nothing but
Samantha bee decided this made of Anka
Trump a feckless see Ward and that she
should instead dress sexy for her dad
because her dad wants to have sex with
her according to Samantha B and then she
should stump for Samantha B's preferred
immigration policy well all of this
broke and the right predictably and
correctly went nuts they said this is
insane why would you go after a vodka
Trump this way we just had a controversy
in which Roseanne Barr lost her show for
using a racist slur against Valerie
Jarrett in her show actually had ratings
unlike Samantha B's show where seven
people watch it including Samantha B's
immediate family and yet Samantha B
still gets to remain on air now I'm not
calling for Samantha B to be fired
because frankly I think that her viewers
got exactly what they were looking for I
think TBS hired her knowing full well
what they were getting
I think the Rosanne situation is just a
little bit different in the sense that
when Roseanne's creators decided to put
her on the air they were not fully
expecting that she was going to do this
and it sort of undercuts the integrity
of their products samantha bee didn't
undercut the integrity of her products
this is her product her product is being
a vile terrible person who says vile
terrible things about people who she
disagrees with right that is her product
so I don't see why she should be thrown
off for air for promoting her products I
also don't see why samantha bee should
apologize because her apology is gonna
be fake anyway okay so she did apologize
yesterday she put out a statement saying
that she crossed a line right her
original apology is just ridiculous she
says I would like to sincerely apologize
to Ivanka Trump and to my viewers for
using an expletive on my show to
describe her last night it was
inappropriate and inexcusable I crossed
a line and I deeply regretted okay do
you really believe that Samantha bee
deeply regrets it or is that or is it
that advertisers were starting to drop
out of her show I don't think she deeply
regrets it I think that's a bunch of
horse poopoo
I don't think that's correct at all and
then CBS put out its own apology quote
Samantha bee has taken the right action
in apologizing for the violin
inappropriate language she used about
Ivanka Trump last night those words
should not have been aired it was our
mistake to and we regret it well damn
right it's your mistake Samantha
unlike Roseann who was just tweeting out
crazy stuff because it was late at night
and Roseanne's a crazy person who takes
ambien okay I actually believe her
ambien story in the sense that Roseann
is actually a crazy person an ambien
makes crazier crazy people crazier
it makes sane people a little bit
crazier doesn't embraces but if you're a
little racist can make it more racist
presumably but in any case TBS's
statement that they are responsible this
is correct
Samantha B's rant was scripted it was
put into the script it was filmed it was
distributed it was greenlit everybody at
every step of the way had an opportunity
to say guys this might be a little over
the top but they didn't because why
would they
