mr. Clavin I love your podcast I think
another kingdom was really good too
thank you very much so in my political
theory class the other day our professor
asked us would we rather us in another
person have five dollars or we have ten
dollars and the other person has fifty
dollars and most the class that they'd
rather we both have five so my question
is why do you think these leftists think
income inequality is worse than like
poverty or you know if we're better off
but there's a greater gap why is that
why do they hate that
well you remind me of an old joke about
the Soviet Union it was like - two
Russian farmers on their terrible land
Boris and Ivan and they have exactly the
same crummy piece of land it's not
giving anything but one of the but Boris
has a goat you know
and one day Ivan is out working in his
crummy field and an angel comes to him
and says I will give you one wish what
do you want Ivan says I wish Boris's
goat would die central the central
fallacy of the left's economic theory is
that money is there's a pot of money and
we're all splitting up if I get more you
get less that's not the way capitalism
works every new idea creates more money
and so actually what you should be doing
is creating and working and doing stuff
to get yours because that creates more
wealth for everybody the insane thing
this is what always gets me about the
left is that people ask me why I became
a conservative I always say I became a
conservative because I'm a liberal you
know that's the way you accomplish the
goals right the crazy thing is poverty
in the last ten years has been cut in
half
worldwide because of capitalist
principles free free markets property
rights and and rule of law and those
things poverty and half it'll probably
be gone you'll probably live to see
extreme poverty eliminated through
capitalism and I don't know why this bad
idea just keeps hanging on I think it's
because it makes people feel righteous I
think that's what it is it makes people
feel good overall going to
sher it's all gonna be equal you know
instead of we're all gonna be out there
striving against each other and
competing with each other and that's
gonna make each of us better
it would be as if LeBron James went out
in there and said I'm such a nice guy
you know you take your shot yeah instead
he fights with you and that makes him
better it makes you better too I think
that's just a mistake they make about
how the economy works
