we have to mention our friends Samantha
be right the least funny person on
television Ivanka Trump has a picture do
we send in that picture of Ivanka Trump
had a tweet of her and her little son
and Twitter and beautiful picture right
she Twitter goes nuts and they start
this completely fake narrative about
illegal immigrant children being lost
what is happening with them is they're
given to guardians are taken away from
law-breaking parents and given to
guardians but the guardians are
sometimes also here illegally so they
don't want to tell us where they are so
they don't answer the phone so that
nobody knows where they had this this
has been in place for many many years
there were five thousand kids like this
under Obama it is an Obama policy is
absolutely true it has nothing to do
with Trump it has nothing to do with the
kids aren't lost it's just that people
don't answer the phone so and why
they're taking it out on Ivanka Trump
who knows
here's Samantha B's reaction you got I
mean hold on to your hats because this
really is disgusting Ivanka Trump who
works at the White House chose to post
the second most oblivious tweet we've
seen this week you know Ivanka that's a
beautiful photo of you and your child
but let me just say one mother to
another do something about your dad's
immigration practices you feckless
until your father dopes gonna stop it
tell him that was an Obama thing and see
how it goes okay
it wasn't Obama thing by the way so not
only is you know she a feckless c-word
unbelievable that you can say that on
television to a woman who's tweeted a
picture of her child and probation a
slap on the wrist remonstrance a a
Samantha tone it down a little as far as
I know absolutely nothing Roseanne Barr
is out of work
Samantha P will be on tomorrow insulting
women all over all across America they
they had no double standards they'd have
no standards at all
