to my problem my problem is much bigger
than this okay my problem is bigger than
this my problem is not roseann right
my problem is last-man-standing my
problem what happened to Last Man
Standing it's gonna come back on Fox
right which is great but ABC you the
ones who cancelled that too while it was
a hit and they said well there was this
there was that economic band you know it
was a it was a right-wing it was a
conservative show and this Roseanne show
had her as a trump supporter and because
of that it went through the roof it was
a big big ratings monster and even
though it's ratings fell off it remained
a pretty powerful powerful show so what
I'm saying is yes that they have the
right to fire her was it legal sure of
course it was did she say something
repulsive yeah I think she did say
something repulsive all of that but
that's not what this is about this is
about ABC and the silence it is about
cancelling Last Man Standing
I want to see you want to prove to me
it's not about that have Disney who owns
ABC
have them release the path to 9/11 okay
the path to 9/11 the story of how he got
to 9/11 which the Clintons did
everything they could to bury it was a
ratings smash and one of the things that
showed which is absolutely true was that
Bill Clinton didn't have Osama bin Laden
killed when he could have and that's why
I sama bin Laden lived to attack our
World Trade Center on 9/11 and Clinton
hated this and the Clinton buddies hated
this and the people who know Eiger over
at at Disney even though this thing was
a ratings monster path 9/11 I think at
the time it was the biggest one of the
biggest rated mini-series ever
they've never released it on DVD never
you cannot get it you can't get your
hands on it so if this is not about
silencing a voice for Trump right
release it release the path that I love
if it's not what happened you know you
know what I would settle for this say
hey Roseanne was a horrible person she
said horrible things we can't work with
her we'll put on another show we'll put
on other shows instead of all our
comedians at late-night comedians being
against Trump instead of all our shows
being against Trump instead of every
time you watch turn on the show side
it's like a hand come
the television set and slapping you in
the face we will entertain these people
we're using the public Airways this is
FCC controlled air we will serve the
tens of millions of people and entertain
the tens of millions of people who voted
for the President of the United States
and guess what there's gonna be 10
million more next time so you really
want to get that audience and so just
prove to us prove to us that this is all
it's about that's what I want to say to
ABC too much silence over there at ABC
when it comes to entertaining the people
who voted for and support Donald Trump
