America went silent today after everyone
boycotted everyone else for their
opinions and then were fired cries of
outrage faded away as cries of outrage
drown them out and faded away as
boycotts against the cries of outrage
forced everyone to fire everyone who had
already fired everyone else after their
cries of outrage led to boycotts though
some defended the First Amendment they
were soon silenced by others who said
that while they supported the First
Amendment they drew the line at
supporting the First Amendment which
should be boycotted after which the
boycotters should be fired outraged
Americans then took to Twitter where
they said nothing fearing a boycott a
spokesman for outraged Americans for
boycotts and firing praised the decision
to silence everyone and then fell silent
after being boycotted by people who were
subsequently fired in the aftermath you
could hear a pin drop until those
outraged by the dropping of pins
boycotted the pin droppers who were
outraged and then fired before firing
everyone else seems like I'm the last
person talking so let's get started
trigger warning
I'm Andrew Clavin and this is the Andrew
Clavin show
all right this is a big day because not
only is it mailbag day so that all your
problems are now over it is also the day
when we beginning to release the left
E's dictionary my new series of videos
this is a the lefties dictionary is
something I've been doing since PJ Media
Day so I've been doing it for years
but Jeremy boring the god-king of the
day Lee Weyer and I sort of finally said
let's really let's really put this thing
down a to Z so we were gonna start today
with an T 5 we'll play it on the show
later on after we talked about Roseanne
and everything else but we will play it
here and then you can go on youtube and
watch it before they take it down for
being hateful and offensive and true I
think that's what it is oh that's true
let's let's take that down say is for
anti-fog the first edition of the
lefties diction I guess when we
releasing one a week I think from now on
so that's excellent and I want to just
say thank you first of all to young
Americans for freedom at UCLA they
hosted me at UCLA we had a really good
time and it gave us a nice speech and
there was a big police presence and I
want to say thank you so much to the
LAPD they decide when there might be
trouble they they don't have to be asked
they just come out and you know I live
in a town where if you are an actor who
pretends to be on the LAPD you get paid
$200,000 a week if you're an actual
officer on the LAPD risking your life to
protect those people not so much so
that's you know they're their starting
salaries around $65,000 a year so so I
just I just really appreciated them
being there because then you know if you
if you pretend to be a police officer
you then win an Emmy and make a speech
about how awful policemen are and
collect your two hundred thousand
dollars a week but they're really
patient really great guys and I really
did appreciate light stream I know you
know we all have credit cards we use our
credit cards and we don't read the
interest rate on the back of the credit
card but if you let your interest if you
let your debt pay pile up you start
getting charged at a level where there
will come and repossess every single
thing you own
but light stream will get you out of
that situation light stream rewards
customers with good credit with great
interest rate and no fees who can get a
credit card consolidation loan from five
point four nine percent APR with Auto
pay you got to use auto-pay you could
save thousands of dollars in interest
just by using light stream if the
application is a hundred percent online
and you can even get your funds as soon
as today my listeners get an additional
interest rate discount on top of light
streams already low rates the only way
to get this discount is to go to light
stream comm slash Andrew that is Li gh t
li ght s TR e am calm / andrew light
stream calm / andrew this is subject to
credit approval rate includes point 50%
auto paid discount available only when
you select Auto pay prior to loan
funding terms and conditions apply and
offers a subject to change without
notice
visit light stream comm for important
information about limits on light stream
loans and same-day funding I've got to
read that so this was important there is
too much silence in America this this is
just true there's too much commitment to
silence we are too busy I'm joking
around about it in the opening of the
show but the fact is there's just too
much shutting people up and of course
I'm referring to Roseanne each situation
has to be taken individually we have to
discuss each situation individually and
I will discuss this individually but in
general in general the outrage has got
to stop I mean it's good we are just
gonna shut it and spend all our time
shutting each other up instead of
arguing I'm much much rather we were
arguing with each other at the top of
our lungs then shutting people up you
know I do make exceptions I do say oh
you know the NFL that these football
players were on field in uniform
speaking as if for the NFL and hurting
the NFL's business I understand why they
why they silenced them but but in terms
of people's opinions and their you know
loudmouth remarks and their offhanded
tweets and all this stuff
the stent let's put it this way the
standard should be freedom the standard
should be tolerance the standard should
be argumentation as opposed to shutting
people up the standard should be I
disagree with you here's why that should
be the standard or you know I don't like
you I'm not listening to you anymore
I'm not coming to your store whatever
you want but the standard should not be
shut up that is really becoming the sort
of norm so let's take the Roseann
situation you know I heard about Roseann
be fired
the minute I went off the areas today
Jacob arey one of our who knows what
these people do I got god knows what
they do for a living but he works her
and he came running in and told me about
this and he told me about her tweet
about Valerie Jarrett right this is
Obama's they used to call her the first
sister she was basically his closest
advisor and was universally hated the
left hated or the right hated her she
was blamed everything something every
time something went wrong in the obama
administration which was on every day
that ended with a lie she was often
blamed for not letting the information
get to him a real chicago operator not
somebody that people liked also as she
was born in iran i think it is and is
black all right so she's so roseanne
tweets the muslim brotherhood and Planet
of the Apes had a baby equals that Vijay
a Valerie Jarrett okay so the first
thing I thought when I heard this truly
the first thing that came into my mind a
long long time ago back in the 1980s I
was still a liberal alright I'm still a
liberal George Steinbrenner owned the
Yankees and George Steinbrenner was
Donald Trump he was a roughneck he was a
loudmouth and he was a Republican and so
the people the New Yorkers hated them
they're always picking on him but he was
great at running the Yankees who did a
good job running the Yankees I'm sure
you've seen him if you ever watched
Seinfeld he's a character in son George
Steinbrenner is looking out the window
one day at a playground and he sees kids
climbing on what then was called the
jungle gym I think now they call it a
climbing frame and he said oh that's
cute they look like little monkeys on
the you know in the trees you know and
they jumped on this because the kids
were black and they said oh he must have
been and I'm a liberal right and I
thought to myself wait a minute the
racism there is in the mind of the
listener because any parent who has been
in a playground watching his kid on a
jungle gym no matter what color he was
has said the same thing we all say the
same thing they look like monkeys in the
trees that's what they look like they're
hanging around they're jumping around
they're yelling at each other and I
thought Steinbrenner got nailed and I
thought it was wrong at that moment
however however I got to tell you
I know a lot of people who know rosanne
a lot of people who know her next to
Harvey Weinstein the things that they
say about Roseanne I mean that should
what an awful human being she is all
right so I am going to take it as read
that she meant it this way and I think
she did I really do I think it was a she
makes a lot of racist jokes and I kind
of you know it's funny I kind of like
racial humor
I thought racial humor was always funny
in a way of expending you know natural
tribal hostility but I could tell you
can always tell when it crosses a line
you could always tell
I always remember even as a kid people
would tell me jokes and I would laugh
and think that's pretty fun then every
now and again that's gonna mean you know
that's kind of me so let's let's just
say it was what ABC said it was that it
was a port okay now does she have to be
fired for that I would have preferred
that she wasn't I would have preferred
that she wasn't but I gotta say ABC has
the right they have the right I would
have preferred I think there's too much
silence in America I would have
preferred they slapped her wrists other
people that sports caster who said that
what did she say about Donald Trump I
can't remember that sportscaster on ESPN
which is Disney things she said some
thing I think was a white supremacist or
something like that
they gave her a slap on the wrist they
didn't fire her they ultimately
suspended her for something else that
she said but I thought they could have
done that to Roseanne and and so my
problem my problem is much bigger than
this okay my problem is bigger than this
my problem is not
Roseanne right my problem is
last-man-standing my problem what
happened to last-man-standing it's gonna
come back on Fox right which is great
but ABC you the ones who cancelled that
too while it was a hit and they said
well there was this there was that
economic rhyme and you know it was a it
was a right-wing it was a conservative
show and this Roseanne show had her as a
trump supporter and because of that it
went through the roof it was a big big
ratings monster and even though it's
ratings fell off it remained a pretty
powerful powerful show so what I'm
saying is yes that they have the right
to fire her was it legal sure of course
it was did she say something repulsive
yeah I think she did say something
repulsive all of that but that's not
what this is about this is about ABC
and the silence it is about cancelling
Last Man Standing
I want to see you want to prove to me
it's not about that have Disney who owns
ABC have them release the path to 911
okay
the path to 911 the story of how he got
to 911 which the Clintons did everything
they could to bury it was a ratings
smash and one of the things that showed
which is absolutely true was that Bill
Clinton didn't have Osama bin Laden
killed when he could have and that's why
I sama bin Laden lived to attack our
World Trade Center on 9/11 and Clinton
hated this and the Clinton buddies hated
this and the people who you know Eiger
over at at Disney even though this thing
was a ratings monster path to 9/11 I
think at the time it was the biggest one
of the biggest rated miniseries ever
they've never released it on DVD never
you cannot get it you can't get your
hands on it so if this is not about
silencing a voice for Trump right
release it release the path that I love
if it's not what happened
you know you know what I would settle
for this say hey Roseanne was a horrible
person she said horrible things we can't
work with her we'll put on another show
we'll put on other shows instead of all
our comedians and late-night comedians
being against Trump instead of all our
shows being against Trump instead of
every time you watch turn on the show
side it's like a hand coming out of the
television set and slapping you in the
face we will entertain these people
we're using the public Airways this is
FCC controlled air we will serve the
tens of millions of people and entertain
the tens of millions of people who voted
for the President of the United States
and guess what there's gonna be 10
million more next time
so you really want to get that audience
and so just prove to us prove to us that
this is all it's about that's what I
want to say to ABC too much silence over
there at ABC when it comes to
entertaining the people who voted for
and support Donald Trump and this is the
thing let me I will go on with this just
a minute but I got to talk about helix
sleep you know my wife went out of town
she's there in New York to celebrate or
mourn the marriage of Michael Knowles
and sweet little ELISA we've done
everything we can to stop it folks we
really have but there's nothing we can
do
the reason
no she's out of times cuz I get to use
the helix pillow it is so nice I used it
one day I said this pillow is great and
she tried and she said oh yes great and
I never saw I've never got my hands on
it's so comfortable and their mattresses
you know everybody's different so why
would you get a mattress that is built
for just anybody you want to customize
mattress to your specific height weight
and sleep preferences so you can have
the best sleep of your life with helix
sleep mattresses and pillows and for
people like me who don't sleep I just
get to lie on them in its can credibly
incredibly comfortable go to helix sleep
comm slash Clavin huh how do you spell
Clavin que la VA n go right now and
you'll get up to a hundred and
twenty-five dollars toward your mattress
border that's helix sleep comm slash
Clavin for up to a hundred and twenty
five dollars off your mattress order
helix sleep comm slash Clavin these
things are incredibly incredibly
comfortable the pillows and the
mattresses both okay here's the rest of
the problem is that they are not it's
not just Roseann they will use Roseann
to sell this narrative I'm going to talk
about why later on in the show why this
narrative is so important to them to
tour us all as racists right why that
why that's the thing they always go for
but they they immediately go on and they
blame Trump it's not Roseanne's fault
she supported Trump Trump supported her
so it must be all Donald Trump's we vote
that montage here's a here's a montage
of the news people relating the story
trying to stick it on Trump you can't
say they understand us so they get us
and then now want to be completely
divorced from it you can't say and you
can't say they're fine people on both
sides
you cannot say racist things encourage
people to to get punched at your rally
people who are racist don't know they're
racist or they say that they believe
that that people are gonna believe that
they're not racist simply because they
say it is I think we need a crash course
in exactly what racism is and so what we
see is this vile conduct by Roseanne
Barr it's not a joke it is a stone-cold
racist statement by one of the most
prominent public supporters of a racist
president who time and time again has
shown us his true colors and not for the
first time at Charlotte's Ville when he
lectures the country and he says that
well there's good Nazis out there he's
attaching himself to Roseanne then this
is about him to this sort of toxic
language and opinions are what he's been
spewing across the country and they are
taking hold
it started with Roseanne Barr today
might very well end with Donald Trump
tonight so it's all it's about Trump but
it's not just about Trump
it's about anyone who voted for Trump
here is a cut number 11 tens of millions
of people voted for him after he showed
his cards for years where you said we
are you suggesting that they're racist
or they're yes yeah the people who vote
all the people who voted for Donald
Trump yes they may not they may not be
violently racist they may not be he's
targeted he's very clear and strategic
look anti blackness is a strategy that
has been the foundation of part of the
American process project so you heard
that logic they're right Roseanne said
something racist because Trump is racist
because you're racist for voting for
Trump because America is racist that is
the left narrative in a nutshell and
that's why that's why the MSNBC had a
panel on racism who's there you know Al
Sharpton jr. is there he one of the
biggest anti-semites in the world al
Sharpton jr. a guy who's got blood on
his hands for his racism joy readers
there who felt these tweets hey hey I
can't believe I wrote these tweets wait
were they tweets I can't remember their
post about about gay people right there
attacking gay people you know that's I
can't believe I'm shocked to find that
I'm this person you know it's the
silence that does it because they they
don't know who we are you want to know
where this is happening to in the next
generation was England right love
England lived there for seven years I
mean I don't know if you've heard the
story about Tommy Robinson now I have to
set this up right Tommy Robinson is an
anti-muslim activist
he is a kind of a roughneck guy from the
provinces he's not a London guy he's you
know he doesn't have the the posh accent
he's he said he's a roughneck guy who
doesn't always speak you know in the
clearest possible way and I'm setting
this up for a reason I'm telling you
this for a reason now what he was doing
is he was live-streaming a trial for
these Muslim rape gangs that's what they
are they are Muslim rape ganas about 80%
of the people who do them are Muslims
they take these little girls as young as
11 and they call them grooming gangs
which is just saying raping children
gangs might just call him Muslim raping
children gangs because that's what they
are all right and he's outside the court
who were there trying some of these guys
wishfully in before hanging them but
that's not what's gonna happen and they
arrest him for violating some terms of
his parole because he'd been arrested
before for something else
because he's an activist and they towed
him away he gets a four minute hearing
and they throw him in jail where he
could be killed by Muslims and when they
said that to the to the judge she said
so what that's what she said so what now
they then say oh and by the way you
can't report on this in England they
don't know this is going on right the
newspapers just scrubbed the reports of
it right away
now I have to tell you that is the
British way they can do that with a
trial they put the rights of the people
on trial before the rights of the press
that is normal there it's wrong but it's
normal so they do it a lot they say you
know you can't cover this trial the
trial will be going on and you'll hear
about it from a friend who just saw
something about it but the press won't
report on it until it's over all right
so that that part of it as part of this
but but the idea that he is the the
criminal that he is the criminal and
these after they they themselves hid the
law law enforcement and government
protected these Muslim rape gangsters
they were afraid of seeming anti-muslim
I don't think this is the end of Western
civilization I think it's the end of
European civilization I've said this
before I think Europe is dead and I
basically think these people are just
eating the corpse you know that's all
what I think is going on but what I want
to show you reason I was talking about
the fact that Tommy Robinson is kind of
a roughneck is he did an interview with
Jeremy Paxton that's his name now Jeremy
Paxton is one of the voices of authority
over there he's a newsman he does the
big interview shows when I was there I
think he had a new show as well and so
he is like an authoritative
authoritative voice we had that yeah the
the okay and he's interviewing Tommy
Robinson so here's this authoritative
posh elite voice interviewing the sky
from the provinces and Robinson says to
him basically you don't know what's
going on your two elite you do are not
seeing what is happening to our country
so you can make these stupid liberal
arguments about these people and you
hear Paxton droning on bringing out the
oil of not all Muslims not all listen to
what Tommy Robinson is telling him and
because this is the voice they want a
silence which is also the voice of
Roseanne Barr not the bigotry not the
bigotry the love of Trump that's the
voice they want to silence it's the
voice that is not the elite voice listen
to this we're against Islam taken in its
seventh century barbaric form well where
do I quote is I'm not against Muslims
just Islam against militant Islam and
when I say Islam taken in its seventh
century barbaric form if Islam was so
evolved which it needs to evolve to fit
in with to fit in with Western democracy
which is clearly not clearly there's a
problem clearly the English Defence
League is a phenomenon that swept this
country and we've up with the issues I'm
talking about Germany if I ask you do
you know anyone that's hooked on heroin
salt and one Muslim gangs
you probably don't I do Johnny beautiful
girls that you went to school with
they're now wearing a burqa that don't
see their family probably don't I do
Johnny one has been murdered by Muslim
gang you probably don't I dude you're
only 15 year old girls that you know
that you've grown up with that has been
raped or pimped you don't I don't know
understand these are all personal issues
of yours personal issues in towns and
cities like mine that are happening and
they're not happening with the Sikh
community they're not happening in with
a Jewish to Commander D they're not
happening with most Muslims no they're
happening within the Islamic community
this one saying it's an Islamic problem
in it and when I'm just a simple person
so I'm just a normal person but when I'm
looking at I have to look for where this
hate was coming from this is that's an
amazing interview I mean he takes the
guy apart really because he says you're
not seen it and because you're not
seeing it you can protect yourself from
feeling that you're a bad anti-muslim
bigoted purse
you know the thing is the people when
they voted for Donald Trump they were
telling you something they were talking
why don't you listen to him
because you want the silence the silence
helps your political point of view it
helps the elites it helps the the people
who have risen to the top and now I want
to keep other people from rising to the
top
it's not about Roseanne it's not about
Roseanne she said something ugly they
want to cancel her put on another show
with a trump supporter put on two other
shows because there's a lot of Trump
supporters out there bring back Last Man
Standing release the path to 9/11 then
I'll believe that it's not just about
silencing that voice as they are now
doing in England using the full force of
law all right the Lefty's dictionary now
is the time now is the time I'm thinking
we working so hard on this I you know I
know a lot of people are listening not
watching I hope you'll go on and watch
because the artist did just an
incredible job of this and you'll want
to catch it on YouTube before it's
banned for being true hey is for and
Tifa and Tifa is a leftist movement
composed of people who violently
brutalize their political opponents and
Tifa stands for anti fascist where
fascist means someone who violently
brutalizes his political opponents and
anti doesn't mean anything at all
anti-fascists generally wear black masks
and carry clubs and are fascists their
purpose is to stop speeches and peaceful
demonstrations by conservatives who
stand for freedom and are therefore
fascists too anti-fascist because
anti-fascists are fascists thus and Tifa
seeks to resist far by being so far that
they're far far beyond the five people
who are openly far so either way you end
up with a lot of fun and Tifa
appeals to many left wingers because
they get to wear masks and terrorize
people they disagree with of course the
Ku Klux Klan also get to wear masks and
terrorize people they disagree with but
the Klan is bad because they're far or
maybe the Klan is antiphon it's kind of
hard to tell the difference some
journalists also support an tyfa and
compare them to the brave soldiers who
fought the Nazis in World War two the
historical rationale for this is the
journalists are stupid
many are also ugly but that's neither
here nor there the important point to
remember is
anti-fascists believe in peace and
equality and they're willing to assault
and degrade anyone to get it they
justify their violence by pretending
that any speech they disagree with is a
form of violence which must be opposed
with real violence as a form of
self-expression
so in an Tifa speeches violence and
violence and speech so no one can speak
because that would be violent so
everyone's just violent which is speech
which is violence which is fascism
which is anti-fascism a is for and Tifa
I'm Andrew Klavan with the Lefty's
dictionary I gotta say if you're just
listening to this I that's the first
time I've seen the finished product and
that is brilliant night not not me oh
well okay okay I'm brilliant too but the
art is that Cynthia did that I don't
know that we have such a great team you
listen because maybe the top artists we
have but they we have a great team of
artists back there and that really is
brilliant
next week we'll do B I can't remember
what was B for to remember this time I
finally have the the script in my
computer's here but well we'll find out
next week we will be there what is it
B is for budget ok anyway I love I love
these videos and that will be releasing
one a week till we get to Z we'll go
from A to Z the mailbag is coming up I
got to say goodbye to Facebook and
YouTube if you're watching on Facebook
or YouTube it's probably because you
haven't subscribed if you haven't
subscribed you can't be in the mailbag
if you're not in the mailbag you're
gonna have to stick stay with your
problems we could solve all your
problems for a lousy 10 bucks
subscription a month 10 bucks a month
100 bucks for the year you also get the
leftist tears tumblr somebody told me
yesterday at UCLA you didn't like us
drinking leftist tears it was too
divisive but they're just so good I
can't help it
all right a mailbag coming up
and it's the mailbag I'm miss Lindsay
issue we I haven't heard from her in
ages I guess the baby is taking over
life all right from Keith stop torturing
me now dear mr. Clavin as a lover of
entertainment particularly movies and
music I'm finding it increasingly
difficult to enjoy artists whose work I
respect but who continually slandered
the president in the most vile ways like
Robert DeNiro banning Trump from his
restaurant absurd obviously I have no
problem with entertainers having
different opinions I and I realize most
of them lean left but it amazes me that
they don't seem to care that they
alienate 50 percent of their fan base
with their blatant disrespect I'm
curious how you deal with it do you ever
boycott certain artists even though you
love their work or do you simply just
roll with it thanks and I absolutely
love your podcast Thank You Keith you
know I don't boycott our artists for
their opinions I will not go to a work
if I just think it's gonna be a boring
left-wing diatribe I mean I remember I
you know I love Stephen King Stephen
King says terrible things about Trump
supporters I think he's a wonderful
writer you know I just don't agree with
his opinions when I might what am I
gonna do you know I think that the arts
are very different than they do
something really different than what
people think they do what people think
they do is deliver kind of a message
they say look at them as parables but
that's not true they deliver in my
opinion they deliver the interior world
of the artist by way of delivering all
of our interior worlds by giving you
know you know how towels have little
nubs on them so that gives them more it
gives them more area so they can dry you
better the arts are like that they give
you more mental area so you understand
life better so you want to hear from
people you disagree with yeah you know I
I like Nia list works as a movie called
open water it's an earless work Waiting
for Godot is kind of Neil as I you know
I like them because they give me a
greater impression of the world around
me and the people around me Ben and I
had an argument about get out where he
said he didn't like it because he felt
it was racist it was delivering the
message that even the nice white people
are bad but I don't think that's what
get out really delivers what I think it
delivers is the night
mayor of assimilation the nightmare that
people have about assimilation that the
the white man will steal their soul if I
assimilate America will steal my natural
Italian Irish black Jewish soul you know
and as somebody who's stolen soul was
actually stolen by the Great Society
because I became a Christian I know what
they're talking about so I think yeah I
love to get out because it delivered
that fear to me and gave me a broader
perspective on humankind and so I don't
boycott people although I will stay away
from her work if I feel it's just
droning left-wing propaganda from
Benjamin's supreme master of words and
chief colonizer of Mars Clavin I have a
question on Jane Austen love Jane Austen
now there's a great question I'm a big
fan of Pride and Prejudice both the book
and especially the 1995 BBC series if
you haven't watched it it is spectacular
but read the book first however I was a
little disturbed when viewing special
features on the DVD version of the
latter of the latter to hear the
director say that the story is basically
about sex and money I guess the idea
disgusts me a little because I prefer to
focus on some of the Christian ideals
presented in the story what are your
thoughts on the director statement thank
you love the show okay you're absolutely
right but but here's the thing Jane
Austen is one of the handful of great
novelists I think she I really do
believe she's the only great female
novelist I've said this before that
she's not the only nob female who has
written a great novel but she is the
only novelist who stands at the heights
with Tolstoy and Dickens and all and
those guys now aren't that many of them
and she's one of them
her when you watch the movies about her
it's all about the bonnets and the
coaches and the you know the women love
the movies and all that stuff but her
books are incredibly incisive incredibly
ironic and dry and witty and one of the
things she does in observing her society
is that she observes the power of money
as it relates to the woman's role in
that society of finding a husband and
what it means and how it affects people
and how people serve the Christian
virtues right while living in this world
of money and sex I mean that's the thing
so people that when people read her
because because people are dumb you
modern people are dumb and they think
they are the first people who discovered
sex and money right so when people read
her they're so shocked to find that it's
not about the bonnets it's not about
this kind of them
pretty music in the flowing fields of
England it's about this world that is
filled with cynical people and mean
people and bad people and is governed by
money and sex and how her heroines rise
above that to establish and live in the
Christian Christian virtue and it's all
about the virtue it's really if you had
to say what is her theme you would say
her theme is Christian virtue but
because she observes the world so well
she observes the force of sex and money
what would she what kind of novelist
would she be if she didn't observe that
how incisive would she be so it's really
when he says that he's being very what's
the word he's miniaturizing what she's
done he down to the kind of mechanics of
what she does her brilliant observations
and and actually missing the greater
theme so you're right about her but I
still think he made a great show he
caught the the spirit of it in that show
really wonderful performances that's
where Colin Firth kind of first became
famous as an actor from Jody hi Andrew I
loved the great good thing and through
reading it I learned that you changed a
lot over the course of time you've been
married without compromising your wife's
privacy which I've noticed you take
pains to protect I do can you tell us
how those epic changes and you affected
your marriage didn't your wife also
become a Christian did she have to learn
to love the joyful smiling guy instead
of the depressed guy she married just
curious I always laughed that my wife
married a liberal Jew and is now living
with conservative Christian and and she
has been great because she is a great
person and she is a patient flexible
person we don't agree about everything
all the time and that's not important to
me I'm always happy to you know talk
talk to her and discuss things with her
we don't fight about it but but we don't
agree on everything she did as I say in
the great good thing it's not
compromising her privacy any more than I
have but as I saying the great good
thing she did discover God after I found
God but before I became a Christian if
that makes sense I found God and and
then she realized that this was in fact
the truth when her mother died she had
an experience or really a really
powerful experience that brought her to
God and I would say yes that she is now
a Christian as well and so that that is
very helpful but we you know we have
very different approaches to it very
different viewpoints about it but she
has been incredibly flexible and I think
it's part of the secret of our marriage
that we allow each other to grow I think
it's a really important thing to do in a
marriage just speaking generally that if
you're if you want exactly the guy or
girl you marry then how does she or he
become the person he or she is supposed
to be you know obviously if my the
changes have been that I became an
alcoholic or something you know that
would be a lot different but it that I
became joyful and religious and and you
know much more realized as a human being
if you love somebody that's a good thing
that's a positive thing you know you
know it's funny I'm I'm a great believer
in a male leadership in marriage every
every good marriage I've ever seen the
husband has had a leadership role but
one of the things that people forget is
that leadership has a purpose the
purpose of leadership is not leadership
the purpose of leadership is the good of
the people you lead right so you want
people to grow and become who they are
you want to let them free there's no you
know control and love don't really go
well together anyways so she has been
great about it and it has been great in
our marriage and for our marriages been
a wonderful thing all around here is a
here's a question about marriage an
interesting one from Justin osage who
knows not here upon his head my
girlfriend and I have talked about
getting married and love each other to
death
but we were very different people and
fight constantly I'm very traditional
she's very liberal she's majoring in
family therapy and she bites my head off
whenever I say anything that runs
contrary to what she's learned in class
when we argue it's almost always about
imaginary children who don't even exist
yet when I said I think it's important
to breastfeed she said it's painful not
that important she won't and she doesn't
want to do it I said I wanted a wife who
would stay at home to raise any young
children she said working moms are just
as good as mothering moms to the child
and she doesn't want to be bored all day
we even got into a big argument about
soy baby formula she seems to
aggressively disagree with any opinion I
have in the domestic realm she was
abused by her mother I don't know if
that is part of it but she seems to push
back against my desire for traditional
motherliness despite her also wanting a
large family is it wise to continue a
relationship with someone with such a
disparate outlook of mine we're both
Christian but we
managed to have very different kinds of
Christianity no it's not wise it's not
that this does not bode well for your
marriage I would not marry somebody that
I was constantly fighting with fighting
is bad you know I mean people always say
experts are always saying you know you
you must fight in a marriage that's
absurd I think that that is experts have
their heads up their behinds you know
that is ridiculous
you can have to learn to disagree with
each other you have to you do have to
learn to disagree with one another and
discuss things and compromise you have
to learn to do all those things you
don't have to fight you know it's like
yelling at the person you love screaming
if the person you love losing your
temper if the person you love look some
people like that some people are more
passionate than other people passion
it's not the word I want that some
people are angrier and have to release
all this energy and I've seen marriages
that stay together despite the fighting
most of them fighting marriages I've
seen have been bad marriages and many of
them have broken up if you are walking
into him everything gets more when you
get married right I mean if your
girlfriend has a habit that annoys you
trust me 20 years from now is gonna
really annoy you so if you're fighting
now this is not and you're a fight you
are fighting about serious basic values
things that are really important when
you have children in your life there is
no you know you have got to be on the
same page you cannot be fighting you
have got to give that those kids a world
in which mom and dad are one thing
essentially maybe they're gonna get a
little bit more motherliness from mom
and a little bit more father Ilyas from
dad but it's got to be a unit this isn't
you're in bad shape here you are in bad
shape and they you know you want to try
and work it out before you go into it
fine but in the shape you were in if it
were I I would not go forward I'm just
telling you you know you asked me so I'm
telling you that from Jeremiah a key
it's no a k it's no secret that the
daily wire is highly critical of the
left with good reason they're idiots my
question revolves around just that are
they really just idiots and incredibly
misinformed or do you think they're
deeply corrupt in the various
individuals that have evil and selfish
agendas to undermine American values and
principles you know I think obviously on
both sides there are evil people and I
do think that the the the closer they
come to socialism and communism the
closer they come to embracing something
that results in evil I don't think
unfortunately in life it doesn't it
doesn't take evil people
do evil you know I was talking about
this last night at UCLA the road to hell
is paved with good intentions and when
you think about that expression it's a
very powerful expression it's the road
to hell it is the road to the worst
place and it's paved with good
intentions as I said yesterday you think
would be paved with the smoking skulls
of infidels which would at least be
attractive you know kind of a kind of
cool but it's paved with good intentions
so I think there are a lot of people on
the left with good intentions I think
there are a lot of people who trust
their feelings instead of the facts I
think Ben is right about this and I
think that you really do have to step
back and see the greater thing I mean
this thing about socialism you know this
idea that will not die and you know it's
based on the idea that things can be
free they say well free healthcare say
well nothing's free so who's paying for
it and is it right if I get sick and I
go to my neighbor's house and point a
gun in his face and say pay for my
doctor is that right because that's
essentially what is going on and they
say well what about Norway where they've
never been you know I'm sure that Bernie
Sanders has never been to Norway though
things are great Norway well first of
all Norway is not a socialist country it
has a free market it has a lot of a much
higher rate of social spending okay as a
result of that people in Norway are
happier than people in America but they
are living in our garage right do they
use cell phones they were invented under
capitalism do they used cars under
capitalism do they use computers they
were invented under capitalism do they
have an army that defends Norway no they
know they won't be invaded because our
army will defend them they live off
capitalism and people don't think about
it they don't they've trust their
emotions sounds fair it sounds nice yeah
a hundred million people were killed
under communism but you know it still
sounds fun so I think a lot of people
are just deluded and you know anyway
that that is basically it because a lot
of people are just voting there's two
choices one of them is saying nice
things one of them saying harsh sounding
things so from Caleb
a two-part question from the one part
supreme overlord of all things noble and
one part bulwark against the exterior
darkness what would you say to a Jew
while witnessing to him also what are
the differences between the Jewish
vision of heaven is the Christian view
much obliged one part clayvin fan with
room for Shapiro and know we always joke
here that the first person to convert
Shapiro goes straight to heaven like
it's just like like you know Elijah
going hang you just a take-off that
you know we got into a discussion yeah
yeah you know we got into discussion the
other day where we were joking around
about Jews getting Devon because I
believe that God has a special the
Catholics believe it's due there's a
special dispensation for Jews and they
you know they they in fact in in the
circumstances where they will be
permitted into heaven they will be
permitted into heaven I said of course
we have to accept chaperone nobody's
gonna let Shapiro into heaven because if
you have Shapiro in heaven he would say
things like well things are fine for
eternity but after that there's gonna be
trouble no we are we are taking Shapiro
to heaven we are going to link arms with
Shapiro and carry him to heaven no
matter what anybody says we're taking
him with us I don't witness to people in
that sense I do not preach to people
because why because I don't think it
works
I think it's offense you know I think it
offends people and puts them off if I'm
trying to sell the kingdom of God
why would I preach to people why would I
say your religion is bad mine is good I
try to live so that it matters to people
I'm willing to discuss it with anybody
who wants to discuss it with me I try to
point out you know if I'm in that
discussion I try to point out where my
values are connected to my Christian
faith but you know my job is to spread
Christianity preaching to people is the
worst way to do it right why would I do
it if it doesn't work okay so that's
that's my idea you know the Jewish
envision of heaven is is has changed and
is very complex and different people
have different ideas of heaven there was
an act there what is a vision of heaven
in the Old Testament or the afterlife in
the Old Testament but I I think both in
the Gospels at Old and New Testament
it's very vague
it is very vague the one thing we know
about Christianity which remember comes
out of Judaism in all its thoughts that
at the beginning we're Jewish thoughts
is that we know you get a new body and
that's very important because the people
who think of the soul as just this kind
of ghostly thing you know like Casper
the Friendly Ghost the ghost in the
machine that's not the Christian way of
talking you get it there is a
resurrection of the body you get a fresh
body you know I'm not really an expert
on the Jewish idea of heaven I really
don't have because it's different people
have different ideas in there some Jews
who don't even believe in an afterlife
and that's still within the bounds of do
so I'll ask for Pierrot next time I see
him when I see him in heaven I'll ask
tickety-boo noobs we had to move on so
love this headline from CNN from CNN's
website right by Jesse Williams an actor
activist and Advancement Project board
member and Judith Brown Deanna's an
executive director of the Advancement
Project Starbucks incident proves
whites-only spaces still exist I mean
this that that is got to be great the
Starbucks threw out a couple of
trespassers and they have been they have
been playing the prisoner at a Stalinist
show trial ever since they've been
apologizing because they were black that
people they threw out were black didn't
want to pay they told the police these
things saved on TV oh they were wrongly
arrested they weren't wrongly arrested
the police asked them to leave because
they weren't buying anything they
refused the directive from the police of
the police arrested them took him out
didn't charge him with anything let them
go so he keeps now Starbucks closed for
like three hours to train their people
not to be biased they couldn't do it
after hours they couldn't you know they
closed the store so you couldn't get a
cup of coffee by the trick meter people
but this proves that whites only spaces
still exist and while Starbucks was
closed these writers say you know people
are struggling without their usual
coffee fix but there's another segment
of Americans who are suffering to people
of color who must constantly face having
their very presence in public spaces
challenged by white Americans and the
police which is by the way if that's
true the people you should blame are the
people of color who are committing
crimes because the the kind but the
police are doing is they're going off
the stats they are saying you know that
person who looks like this in this
neighborhood doing this very high
likelihood that this guy should move on
I'm gonna move them on it's a shame it's
a shame that innocent people get you
know moved on for that or pulled over or
whatever but it ain't the fault of the
police the police are just trying to
protect people of all colors the people
the police protect are of all colors
they are trying to protect them not
knowing look if there were a little
light if they had a machine that made a
little light when you were gonna commit
a crime police would never arrest
black people they've never harassed nice
black people it's not the blackness
they're after it is the statistics that
caused by black criminals that make good
the the majority of black people who
were law-abiding make them look bad you
know this thing about racism in America
which I just think is support of the
letter why do they keep it alive I get
to ask this a lot and I kind of got
asked it yesterday at UCLA after World
War two when the Holocaust was exposed
and the racism of German society was
exposed the good people like America
took a fresh look at some of the racism
in our society put a racism in a new
light and it brought racism to the fore
the way black people was being treated
which was unfair and it caused a lot of
shame which is a very painful emotion a
lot of what people do in life is to
avoid shame and it caused people to
reflect on America because remember when
I was raised you said the Pledge of
Allegiance you sang the national anthem
you know you were taught that America
was the greatest country on Earth that's
what you were taught in school and
suddenly we found out you know that
there was a segment of Americans who by
other men were being treated badly by
other Americans and the shame moved
people to hysteria so that because shame
is just a powerful emotion and that I
think is one of the things that torched
the 60s made people turn against America
and made people say that whatever
America is doing it's the other guys who
are right you're fighting communism the
Communists must be right you're fighting
you know the the Vietcong the Vietcong
must be good people that was Hanoi Jane
going over there waving the Vietcong
flag they're doing it today you you hate
ms-13 ms-13 filled with divinity the
spark of divinity the loveliest people
on earth they're doing it to this very
day they haven't gotten over the shame
and they know it inspires this in people
they know it inspires people and people
will do anything to avoid shame they
keep calling you racist even though this
country is one of them now one of the
least if it may be the least racist
country on earth in my experience it's
the least racist country I've ever been
in and I've been in a lot of countries
it may be but they want to keep that
alive because it's what turns people
against the country
it's what turns them to the left it
what's it's what turns them to the
hatred of Western society which is now
at the core of leftism that socialist
communist idea where
the power ends up in the hands of the
elites all the power ends up in the
hands of people just like the people who
run the New York Times that is what they
do so I think if they can keep
convincing you that America is racist
you will keep experience in that shame
and keep turning away from the West
America is no longer a racist country
you go to Starbucks buy a damn cup of
coffee and you won't get thrown out all
right Starbucks has really made a
terrible terrible decision in letting
them do this
the Lefty's dictionary releases every
other week all right so it's every other
week two more weeks to be there to be or
not to be we don't know yet we'll find
out all right I'm on my way to New York
for Knowles's wedding which actually I
am celebrating celebrating for Knowles
you know I'm sad sad for Alyssa happy
for Knowles but I will broadcast
tomorrow from New York I'll see you then
I'm Andrew Clavin this is the Andrew
Clavin show the Andrew Clavin show is
produced by Robert Sterling executive
producer Jeremy boring senior producer
Jonathan hey our supervising producer is
Mathis Glover and our technical producer
is Austin Stevens edited by Emily J
audio is mixed by Mike Carmina hair and
makeup is by Joshua alvera the Andrew
Clavin show is a daily wire for word
publishing production copyright for word
publishing 2018
