as well as those of higher education our
challenge is to make sure that we make
room for all perspectives which includes
the right to present speakers and
programs and the right to protest them
tonight's speech and discussion is
brought to us by a registered student
organization at UCLA for the engagement
of our campus community we understand
that the talk tonight may elicit
disagreement and we recognize and value
the rights of individuals to express
their feelings but the university will
not permit a response or a protest that
is so disruptive as to effectively
silenced the invited speaker and prevent
them from communicating with a willing
audience campus officials are present
and prepared to approach any individual
or group who create such a disruption
during this program they will be warned
and if the disruption continues the
individual beat will be escorted out of
the venue and subject to arrest by the
University Police Department individuals
so removed may also be held accountable
under the Office of Student Conduct as
well as any applicable criminal laws our
goal tonight is to have a peaceful and
respectful event thank you for your
attention
on behalf of the young Americans for
freedom at UCLA my name is tad and lovey
and I'm the chair and I am proud that
the young America's Foundation and the
undergraduate students Association
Council of UCLA have sponsored this
event this evening Andrew Klavan is our
speaker this evening and he is the
author of such internationally
best-selling crime novels as true crime
films by Clint Eastwood don't say a word
a film starring Michael Douglas and
Empire of Lies Stephen King called him
the most original novelist of crime and
suspense since Cornell Woolrich he has
been nominated for the Mystery Writers
of America's Edgar award five times and
has won twice he has also won the
thumping good Reed award from WH Smith
and has been nominated twice for the
Boosh Rhodes Anthony's and his books
have been translated around the world
his most recent book is a memoir of his
religious journey the great good thing a
secular Jew comes to faith in Christ his
most recent work of fiction is serial
fantasy thriller podcasts another
Kingdom available on iTunes and other
podcast venues andrew has also written
thrillers for young adults including
best-selling homeland er series which
follows a heroic teenagers battle
against Harris his why a novel if we
survived was nominated for an
international thriller writers award and
his novel game over was nominated for
best inspirational novel by the
publishing trade journal romantic times
andrew is also a contributing editor to
the city journal the magazine of the
Manhattan Institute and has written
numerous articles for them including a
report from an invite with American
troops in Afghanistan and a
consideration of the politics of William
William Wordsworth
he has essays and op-eds on politics
religion movies and literature have
appeared in The Wall Street Journal the
New York Times The Washington Post the
LA Times and elsewhere he's also created
the popular satire videos feat video
features Clavin on culture for PJTV a
very serious commentary for glenn beck's
blaze TV and their revolting truth for
truth revolt he currently does a Monday
through Thursday podcast the Andrew
Clavin show for the daily wire
as a screenwriter Andrew wrote the
screenplay Stu has shocked to the system
which starred Michael Caine and one mist
called which starred Edward Burns he
also wrote the script for the
groundbreaking iOS app haunting Melissa
which won the 2014 apply award for
entertainment so please join me in
welcoming our highly acclaimed speaker
Andrew Clavin unfortunately I couldn't
hear any of that so I don't know what
she said about me but that is probably
true you know I heard they we got a
smaller room they give us a lot of
trouble about how what room we were
gonna have and whether where we could
put the cameras and all this stuff and I
was thinking does anybody see the movie
The Truman Show there's what I think you
know for anybody hasn't seen it is Jim
Carrey and he plays this guy Truman and
he's in he doesn't know it but from the
minute he's born he's in a reality TV
program and you know so everything
around him is fake his town that he
lives in is a set his friends even his
wife for all actors just playing his
friends and his wife and the show is a
big success you know and people make
money off it and they get prestige and
fame from it and they get to feel
important so they got to keep the show
going but the only way to keep the show
going is to keep Truman from finding out
that he's living in a fake world and the
way they do it is from his earliest days
they teach him to be afraid right so if
there's a bridge that leads out of town
they say don't go over the bridge Truman
because terrible terrible things happen
over the bridge you know don't don't
swim across the water because you'll
drown you know you're not a good enough
swimmer don't go and get in a plane and
go on vacation because planes get hit by
lightning you know this happens all the
time and that's the way I think of this
movie whenever I come to universities to
speak because I feel that they do the
same thing to you
you know they create a series of ideas
that give them prestige and power and
influence and a sense of righteousness
and then if anybody like me comes to
speak they say oh don't listen to those
ideas Truman you know that's that's
racist don't listen to that guy talk you
know don't even entertain that thought
that's you're hateful that's white
supremacy you don't you know don't don't
talk to that guy because you're - it's a
week you know you're gonna be triggered
and so you'll be triggered so I cook I
called this speech is is diversity our
strength because I know that the idea is
the idea that America is a racist
country is kind of like The Truman Show
a lot of people make a lot of money off
this idea and they get a lot of power
and they get a lot of prestige and they
get a sense of a feeling of
righteousness and if you say well maybe
diversity is not our strength maybe a
commitment to vert to diversity is not
the way to go they immediately think
well you must be against the diversity
of America you must be racist because
they like to use that word as quickly as
they can but ain't necessarily so after
9/11 after the terrorist attacks of 9/11
and that's shocking to me that I'm
talking to a roomful of people probably
who don't even remember I can't remember
well the attacks of 9/11 but I remember
them well and it was there a terrible
day 3,000 people snuffed out for in the
name of a very small minded creed
Islamism and I remember there were a lot
of leftists who would go on TV with
these very earnest faces and they would
say why do they hate us why do they hate
us you know and it reminded me I've
worked on a lot of hotlines
suicide hotlines with problem people
will call up and and you know meet
someone to talk to and sometimes you get
a woman who is being battered by her
husband or her boyfriend and they say
the same thing why is he so angry at me
I could only I could only get this right
he would stop hitting me you know and I
always think to myself yeah well if you
trust shooting him see if that works you
know and that was the way I I felt about
big people who attack the towers you
know it's like why do they hate us I
don't know let's try killing them and
see if it solves the problem
and one day shortly after the attacks I
was in San Francisco I was writing a
series of detective stories took place
in San Francisco I was doing research
and everything and I was sitting in the
airport and this is right I mean still
this thing is raw I mean my heart is
wrong with this thing and I'm looking
around at the airport in San Francisco
and it's a beautiful thing it is a
beautiful thing
everybody's there everybody is in
America man you know they're all every
snut it's just black and white
that's too small every color is in this
Airport and there are people who are in
love and there's Strait and there are
people who are in love and they're gay
and there are people wearing right-wing
t-shirts and they're people wearing
left-wing t-shirts this is why they hate
us this is why they hate us because this
is what we are and reason we're like
this is not because anybody's committed
to diversity this Airport wasn't
constructed by people who have committed
to diversity was constructed by people
who are committed to a bigger idea the
idea of freedom our diversity is a
byproduct of the idea of freedom and I
think just about everything important is
about ideas and what I want to talk
about is diversity yes but I really want
to talk about ideas and how they work
and how people keep you from considering
the ideas as they're trying to sell you
on TV in Hollywood everywhere another
way that people do this aside from
making you afraid is instead of arguing
about the idea that they're arguing
about they argue about the people on the
other side and the bad things they do so
for instance right when I have
Thanksgiving I've got people in my
family I'm sure everybody has this on
all sides of the political spectrum now
far left middle left me all the way on
the right you know and I love them I
love them to death and I I don't want to
fight with them but I do want to talk to
them I do want to hear what they have to
say what they think and so I try to make
a rule and the rule is no talking about
people politicians let's just talk about
ideas I don't tell me what Trump did and
I won't tell you what Obama did I will
stipulate that they suck I will
stipulate that they are cheap politician
sayings lies so they can get power oh
that's right there I'll just put it out
there
let's talk about what they're about what
they're about what do they stand for
because people do this with the country
too instead of talking about what the
country is for they talk about all the
things that have happened that they
don't like so for instance the other day
Spike Lee the filmmaker right he said
the United States of America was built
on the genocide of Native people in
slavery that is the fabric of the United
States of America first of all I'm
looking at the guy look on it the anger
on his face is crushed little face of
anger whatever he's having
give me something else you know I mean
that that is not you know you know
George George Orwell said at 50 everyone
has the face he deserves if you're Spike
Lee and you're a multi-millionaire
filmmakers at a successful career and
you're living in America your face looks
like this change your philosophy back
because that's not a good way to end up
but I'm thinking about that I'm thinking
fact fact well those are facts to some
degree those are facts there there's
some facts in there but facts can be
manipulated right I mean what spike is
talking about is basically this idea of
America that is sold in one of the most
popular history textbooks around the
people's history of the United States by
Howard Zinn and Helen says it the
biginning book at least he's open about
it he that he wants to tell the history
of the United States according to its
victims she wants to tell the discovery
of America according to the Native
Americans who were there because I want
to tell the story of the Constitution
from the point of view of the slaves
that's but facts can be manipulated
right Howard Zinn for instance was a
Marxist there's a socialist an idea
that's been associated with over a
hundred million murders every one of
them of somebody who was just as real to
himself as you are to you right every
one of them who was killed was just as
real as you and Howard Zinn says well
you know socialism was a great idea
until the Soviet Union gave it a bad
name and I think all right well maybe
the Constitution is a great idea and
slavery give it a bad
now maybe the way you treat facts on one
side should be the way you treat it on
another I think of it like this think
about your own life what if I told the
story of your life and I said here's
this this fellow here the story of his
life let me begin with his porn searches
you know and then we're gonna then we're
gonna talk about the time he was nasty
to his mother the time he was lied to
his girlfriend and you know that that's
what I'm going to talk about I'm never
gonna talk what with any of us I didn't
you know this guy but it all of us all
of us I could do that to any of us
where's but he said you know who is
Martin Luther King well Martin Luther
King was a guy cheated on his wife fact
fact what if I said that who's Thomas
Jefferson Thomas Jefferson was guy who
owned slaves fact fact right but people
cities countries civilizations are not
just about the things that happen those
things shouldn't be hidden away they
should be talked about they should be
known but they're not just about the
things that happen
they're about the things they stand for
the things they fight for the things
they live for and die for and the
changes they make in the world whether
they're for good or ill and when you
start to isolate the ideas that people
stand for one of the reasons people
don't like to do that is because a lot
of people's ideas don't make any sense
it's true of a lot of people okay now I
want to say before I say this okay
there's not a moral judgement okay I do
not care how you lived your life I don't
care who you sleep with I don't care
what what you put into your body I don't
care what you do for a living I don't
care what books you read I'm old and
wise and I can tell you that some of the
ways you live are gonna make you
miserable but the key word there is you
not me okay so you're on your own you
know go for it so when I say these ideas
don't make sense what I mean is they
don't hold together so I just just to
give you an example there's a lot of
people now who say that men and women
there's no inner difference between men
and women there's no inherent inner
difference between men and women they're
exactly the same inside and any women
are exactly the same now the experience
in my life is not that that is not what
I've seen in my life like what I've seen
in my life isn't men and
very different inherently in wordly
different but I don't care you're young
people you want to experiment with a new
idea see how it works out for you go
ahead what's it to me all right
but the same people who tell me there's
no difference between men and women will
come to me and say you know I'm a woman
in a man's body
and I'll think if there's no difference
how do you know I mean just be the same
thing you know what keeps you in to the
fact that somebody who's exactly like
you is inside someone who's exactly like
you I used to watch the Occupy movement
I don't know if anybody remembers the
Occupy movement but they were this kind
of socialist or anarchist movement that
was protesting george w bush and they
turn up in these big big protests and
they dange really take out their Apple
iPhones and they go on Facebook and they
put a post about how awful corporations
are your Apple iPhone and your Facebook
you know maybe you should go on Google
and Google the meaning of corporation
while you're at it a lot of these people
that everything good they have in life
and everything good that's happening in
the world around this comes from
capitalism and they hate it or one of my
favorites is when people say this is a
terrible country because we want to
close the borders where we want to
protect our borders
terrible terrible races country we want
to protect our borders if this were a
terrible country we wouldn't have to
protect our borders okay nobody's going
out
nobody's swimming this show against the
Sharks to get to Cuba nobody is fighting
with the Mexican borders guys to go over
that way right they come in here you
know why they're risking their lives
they're risking their children's lives
women are getting raped they're
suffering atrocities because they want
this much of what Spike Lee's got this
much they would settle for that would
sell everything risk everything to get
this much of what Spike Lee is angry
about so let me tell you my idea what
I'm for and what I think America is
forward I think the American idea is for
the American idea I think is freedom I
think this is a central idea and I want
to tell you why I'm for freedom because
freedom has a cost
everything has a cost every single thing
has a cost so whenever you hear somebody
say free the rest of that sentence
should go out the other end of your year
okay whatever when Bernie Sanders gets
something says there should be free
health care what you should hear is I'm
lying to you now and shaking my fist in
the air because there is no free health
care the question is who's paying for
and is it right or just if you should
pay
that's a fine argument to have I'm not
against that argument but when somebody
says you know you should have free
college somebody's gonna pay for college
should they is it right for you to take
that money to go to college might be but
it's worth having the argument you want
to have the real argument come I tell
you why I believe in freedom first and
then discuss a little bit what it costs
I believe in freedom because I believe
the only truly important thing on earth
is you and me
okay people say well what about the
beauty of nature it's all here no other
animal has the word beauty in his
repertoire only we have it only we know
what beauty is you know everything
that's important about the world happens
in you and around you and from you
everything that doesn't mean I'm not you
don't care about the earth because the
earth supports us but let's put first
things first your lives are going to be
happy or sad good or bad according to
what you love the more worthy the things
you love the more worthy the people you
love
the more joyful and rich your life will
be this is true look at anybody look at
your own life you'll see the position
truth and love does not love unless it's
freely chosen right if I I listen like I
said I'm older and wiser than most he if
I took a gun and came to your house and
pointed it at your head and told you
every day what to do and ordered you to
do it I probably make better decisions
than you would that's the way it works
right when you're my age you make better
decisions and when you're you're right
so I come to your house like when a gun
at your head and I'm say listen that
tattoo you think you're gonna let don't
do the tattoo don't do it don't you know
don't go out with that guy don't take
that job
take a good job you know there's a job
that's more rewarding your life would
probably go better and hit fewer bumps
then it's actually going to hit but I
would have stripped you of everything
worthwhile because I would have stripped
you their power to choose what you love
and choose worthily and
earn what's worthy that's what life is
that's why freedom is so important
that's what they meant when they talked
about the pursuit of happiness that's
what they were talking about so that's
why I think freedom is everything
I think freedom is dignity freedom is
life freedom is everything now what's it
cost what can cost a lot let's leave out
for purposes of the conversation let's
let's leave out the soldiers and police
officers and other people who have
defended our freedom at the cost of
their lives but we remember that they're
there but that's not where we're going
to talk about because people don't like
your freedom people want to tell you
what to do I mean they just do it is
just in the nature of things but let's
talk about some of the social cost you
can't be free and equal okay
people cannot be free and equal I love
it when people talk about white
privilege that you're at white privilege
I think god I hope so
least I have something going for him
because the fact is everybody I mean
there's some people who were born
without anything but they born to
sickness and Brendan all right but but
for most people for most people they
have something if something that I don't
have you know you have youth privilege
you know I don't come in here and say we
have to be equal I want you to walk
around like this from now on yeah
and every time I stalk ahead but you
know like I do when you talk like you
know then we'll be I've been watching
the basketball games you know as I
really love sports watching this guy
LeBron James so he's like a god you know
I mean the guy unbelievable right I
would have loved to have a life in
professional sports but I wasn't born
with LeBron privilege okay
I'm not I'm not running down to the guys
work ethic he's an incredible work I'm
not running down his spirit the guy is
amazing on the court but I could
practice and have that spirit forever
and I would never be able to match equal
to LeBron James unless I took his
freedom away unless I made him less that
he can be unless I told him give up your
LeBron privilege but two hands you have
to put two hands behind his back never
my one man you know I would have to make
him less I would have to live off my
envy right I would live off my envy
instead of doing that what do I do
I use him to inspire me you know I look
at him and I think look at the way that
God works look at the spirit he brings
that I bring that today that I bring
that spirit that I bring that work ethic
to why I do today
whatever it is I do I'm never gonna make
the money he makes never gonna be a
professional athlete but we all have
something you're gonna go for the
excellence are you going to go for the
envy another cost of freedom is that in
order for me to be free you have to be
free and this is awful because I'm great
than you suck write all my opinions are
true you don't know anything yeah I mean
what have well when I speak it's
illuminating a language you speak it's
offensive it's racist it's hateful you
know but of course he can't make the
argument that only one of us should be
free only one side should be free you
know one of the greatest thinkers alive
is he's a very old man is Thomas Sol I
don't know if you guys have ever read
Tom
so yeah I mean the guy's amazing yeah he
hasn't getting as much press as he
should because he's a black conservative
and that's that's a hard row on the left
they don't like to talk about that
brilliant man but one of the points he
makes is that the question is often not
what's right or wrong
it's who decides it's who to song it's
because once I can say that your speech
is beyond bounds you can say that my
speech is beyond bounds once you give
the government the power to decide who
says what who thinks what who does what
you're not just giving it to you a guy
you like you're giving it to the next
guy to who you might not like so much
right so in order for one side to be
free everybody's got to be free so
freedom costs you the ability to control
things you're going to hear a lot of
nasty stuff in freedom there's gonna be
conflicts in freedom you know one of the
ways that I kind of agree with the left
is I'm an artist I've spent my life in
the arts half the people I've ever
worked with or known to be gay I've
always been a supporter of gay people's
rights including back in the 70s and 80s
when people hated you for it and really
gave you a hard time some of the people
walking around with rainbow flags gave
me a lot of crap back then okay so I'm
not that impressed with them because I
because those were the days when you
were really taking a chance when you
said stuff like this okay
but a guy who wants to get married
to another gay person does not have the
right to drive somebody out of business
because he doesn't want to participate
according to his religious beliefs he
doesn't want to participate in that
ceremony that's the conflict of freedom
if you're going to be free other people
are going to be free and finally and
this one is so hard to sell because our
press hides it in order to be free you
need to respect the structures that
protect your freedom okay I'll tell you
why this is so hard and this is that
meanness the press doesn't get nobody
ever gets it the founding fathers and
our founding mother Abigail we're
geniuses there were great political
geniuses and they wanted to protect your
freedom not free too
in the old sense like Britain never
shall be slaves which really meant will
never get conquered by the French they
wanted to protect your freedom and they
didn't do this by creating democracy by
supporting democracy they hated
democracy they were terrified of
democracy because they knew democracy
led to tyranny okay if everybody here
votes to take this guy's lunch that's
democracy but it's tyranny right so
instead they created a republic of
separated powers that were fighting with
each other they knew that people wanted
power they knew that people would
protect their little power and try to
extend it so they put other people who
could defend them they tried to stop
this guy from spreading his power
because that would take my power so they
have the president fighting with the
Congress they have the Congress fighting
with the courts now the courts fighting
with everybody they have the states
fighting with the federal government and
that's what protects us is those those
structures so that means that sometimes
even if you get the results you want you
have to say no you have to be against it
they're talking about gay people that
you know me feeling leave him alone let
him do whatever they please just like
everybody else that's what I want for
everybody let him do what they please
but I was very much opposed to the
Supreme Court decision saying that
marriage was a right
why because I didn't believe that five
unelected people should be able to tell
the states what laws to pass about
marriage the way one of the ways that
the founders protected our freedom was
with what's called enumerated rights the
Constitution is a list of the rights
that the federal government has and
everything that's not listed they don't
have in the original arguments about the
federal government's many of the
founders didn't want a First Amendment
protecting free speech because they said
there's nothing in the Constitution that
gives the government the right the
federal government the right to
legislate sleep speech so they can't why
why would we need to say that twice
fortunately some that wiser heads among
the founders said say it twice second
twice because people want so much power
they wanted so badly that they will take
it away if you don't tell them that they
can
so those are that's what I think about
that is what the American idea is and
how it works and when you support the
structures of freedom that means you got
to convince your neighbors and means you
got to go out and convince your
neighbors to vote for the things you
want and that's a lot harder and takes
more patience and that's why you know
the left celebrates when they get a good
court decision and the right sometimes
says yeah I agree with that but I don't
agree with the decision now another
really important thing to know about
ideas and yes I am getting to the
question of diversity but I this is
really what I the way I want to talk
about this the approach I want to take
his ideas expand to fill the space
created by their internal logic okay
this is what Martin Luther King meant
when he said live out the meaning of
your Creed he didn't say this country
has mistreated me screw it right he said
this is a wonderful country but it's not
being wonderful to me because it's
violating its own principles it's
violating its own principles so they
started out with this thing where they
said all men are created equal and
endowed by their creator with certain
rights and howard zinn is right they
were holding slaves that was a violation
of that idea it wasn't bad because the
idea was bad it was bad because they
weren't living according to the idea
what ideas are incredibly powerful
things they're incredibly powerful
things and over time even the economic
power of slavery was defeated by that
idea hey if all men are created equal
what about these guys the logic of that
idea forced the idea to expand so it
didn't just mean white men anymore well
then what about women are women not
endowed with these the idea expands to
fit so instead of say looking at these
ideas and saying is the left sometimes
it does well they were just a bunch of
Christian white men making those law
what we should really say is thanks
Christian white man good idea and now
we're going to expand it it's gonna be
ours as well it's gonna free all of us
okay and and that is a really important
thing about Crees right because they're
they are unstoppable so what does this
mean for our country and what does it
mean for diversity you've heard the term
American exceptionalism and most people
don't know what American exceptionalism
means they think American exceptionalism
means yay America you're the best that's
what they think it means even Barack
Obama thought this they said did you
believe in American exceptionalism and
he said well I'm sure the British think
they're exceptional and then the Greeks
think they're exceptional that's what he
said not what it means it means we're an
exception
it means we're different than other
countries how are we different than
other countries we are different because
we are built on this idea other
countries are not built on ideas most
countries are either racial constructs
you have the French it's called France
because it started with the Franks it's
called England because it started with
the anglo-saxons the German tribes
became Germany or their colonial
constructs where some guy in England
looked at Africa and said I'll make it
out the country and then they have
ethnic wars forever right that's one of
the problems in the Middle East is the
British carved up some of the countries
and the people you know don't agree with
each other and they don't like each
other than they have feuds in
Afghanistan they have fuse that have
been going on for 400 years you know
you're super great grandfather stole my
super great grandmother I'm gonna kill
you for there and they really do do that
and that's the way most of life has been
lived in in our world that is the way
most life has been lived but America had
this thing where they said no we are
this idea sign on to this idea and
you're an American come here legally
sign up say we support the Constitution
you're in
I lived in England for seven years I
could have died there and never would
have been an Englishman never they never
would have said oh yeah yearning was
welcome to the country I could have
become a British subject I would have
been a British subject but I never would
have been an Englishman here ten minutes
and you're an American I mean it's
amazing it's an amazing thing and now
that idea has spread but if you think
that that was the way the world worked
before us you are wrong
that is a new idea that is an
exceptional idea you know George
Washington wrote a letter to the Jews
the Jews kind of were worried that they
were going to be attacked as they had
been everywhere else why because the
Jews were never part of the race that
founded the country right there were
always the outsider and they said we
want to be part of the country in
Washington said happily the government
of the United States gives to bigotry no
sanction to persecution no assistance
requires only that they who live under
its protection should demean themselves
as good citizens and giving it on all
occasions they're effectual support all
you had to do was buy into the American
idea and you were an American and that's
where diversity comes from now here's a
strange thing okay after the Civil War
when there was Jim Crow laws incredible
bigotry I mean I lived to the very tail
end of this but just terrible terrible
treatment of our citizens who were black
anything to kind of make the civil war
not take effect all right during that
period of time
black Americans advanced okay
they became richer they're unemployment
rates went down their marriage and
family and intact marriages and families
remain strong which is a very important
you know legitimacy single parenthood is
one of the biggest indicators of a bad
outcome for people you go to prisons and
you look in prisons no dad no dad no dad
is that going to go down the sells and
that's what you'll say crime the crime
rate dropped among African Americans
they were moving into the middle class
despite this incredible bigotry people
were doing bad things but this American
idea was flying them and bringing them
forward in spite of all these bad things
that people were doing
after the 60s that changed today it's
getting better under Trump you know but
today they the unemployment has had gone
up from there it's not now some of these
things are actually right now getting
better crime went up in the 70s crime in
the black community was disaster level
in the 70s the legitimacy which as I say
is a huge predictor of outcomes is now
between 60 and 70 percent which is
higher than it was during slavery days
when those bums were selling families
down the river okay when they were
purposely breaking up families to keep
these people from having lives the
illegitimate see rate is worse than now
what happened okay
and by the way if you want to check out
these ideas read Jason Reilly's book
please don't help us or Thomas soul has
a wonderful book called the
discrepancies discrimination and
discrepancy isn't like that um what
happened was the left took us away from
the idea of freedom to this idea of
diversity this idea that the thing we
should be doing is making people diverse
well that meant that you had to sort of
start to limit people's freedom you
couldn't say things anymore you couldn't
say certain things you had to you
couldn't hire the people you want us to
hire you couldn't live where you wanted
to live sometimes you had the government
was forcing people to do things I things
got worse the intentions were good you
know the intentions were good that the
outcomes were bad he improved the
expression in the road to hell is paved
with good intentions whoever thinks
about that expression that's a that's a
wild expression because it doesn't say
it's the road to hell I'm he's really
bad and it's paved with good intentions
I mean you'd think it would being paved
with like the smoking skulls of infidels
which would be kind of that would be
kind of cool you know but but it's paved
with good intentions why the same reason
the same reason you know that sometime
in the Bible they say seek first the
kingdom of God and all the other things
will be given to you sometimes you have
to get for the meta idea the big idea
the idea of freedom and that idea brings
in the
okay I will tell you this I will end
with this and then I'll take any
question you want you may not believe
this but I will tell it to you and 20
years from now you can look back and say
hey that guy said that was gonna happen
right you guys are gonna live into your
hundreds okay could live to be 200
you're gonna live the longest healthiest
healthiest lives that anyone has ever
lived they're probably going to put
things in your head that make you
smarter than anyone's ever been you're
gonna see things experience things do
things that no one has ever done before
okay some of you may live on the moon
you may live on Mars for all I know you
know some people say that's not possible
I think it is but if your generation
keeps its commitment to freedom not one
of you is ever gonna lose a job because
of the color of your skin because he
erased that was my problem in my day
even before my day I'm the oldest person
here and that's the living in the past
that's living in the past those are not
the problems you are going to face
you're not racism is not gonna be your
problem your problem is gonna be with
you're still a human being after they
put your IQ up the 576 they're selling
you envy instead of excellence like
they're selling you anger that will in
the end the righteousness of your anger
that in the end will make you look like
Spike Lee you know this angry person and
they're selling you the idea that there
is something better than freedom and I'm
telling you that freedom is the best
idea that anybody ever had and don't let
them make you afraid it ain't the Truman
Show it's real do not let them make you
so afraid that you walk away from it
that's all I have to tell you and I will
answer any questions you've got
okay really quick just a couple of
ground rules for questions I'm gonna be
going around giving you the mic if your
question gets too too long just ask
yourself this question
am I being paid to speak no unless
you're mr. Clavin so just keep your
question short succinct and you know
just have a good time with this
hi mr. Clavin I love you on steven
crowder when you do the guest
appearances my question is with regard
to are you talking about diversity
there's many military veterans that up
that advocate for freedom and they fight
for it many military veterans - and they
share a lot of ideals that you speak up
so my question is how can we get
military veterans especially on college
campuses to espouse these freedom values
and give more weight and credence to to
these ideals that maybe might be ignored
by the populace well you know it's it's
interesting I mean I've spent some time
with the military and I they you know
terrific people but they don't they hate
talking politics I mean they will but
but that's not what they're there for
they're there - they are there to defend
the country and it doesn't matter who's
president and it doesn't matter they're
not the ones who make the decisions
where they go and where they fight and
so they don't like to talk too much
until they get out you know until
they're out of the service they don't
like to talk too much about those things
because it is actually in some ways
against their brief which is to defend
the country no matter what you know they
the decision is made we have wonderfully
a citizen run military that's a
beautiful thing right and so their
attitude is almost always hey you send
me I go you know I don't sit there and
think like I don't like this war I don't
like that work you send me I go they
know that the politicians are going to
screw them they know that they're gonna
not they're gonna get in the way of
their mission they know all that stuff
and yet and yet they go and that is a
beautiful thing and I don't really think
you know I think you had a weight in
some ways until they leave the uniform
behind and then they can start to be a
citizen you know a normal citizen and
start to talk about those things and
then refer back to their military
experience in doing it and I think
that's why you have to come slack about
hey mr. Clavin I love your podcast
I think another Kingdom was really good
too thank you very much so in my
political theory class the other day our
professor asked us would we rather us in
another person have five dollars or we
have ten dollars and the other person
has fifty dollars and most the class
that they'd rather we both have five so
my question is why do you think these
leftists think income inequality is
worse than like poverty or you know if
we're better off but there's a greater
gap why is that why do they hate that
well you remind me of an old joke about
the Soviet Union it was like two two
Russian farmers and their terrible land
Boris and Ivan and they have exactly the
same crummy piece of land it's not
giving anything but one of the but Boris
has a goat you know
and one day Ivan is out working in his
crummy field and an angel comes to him
and says I will give you one wish what
do you want Ivan says I wish Boris's
goat would die
central the central fallacy of the
left's economic theory is that money is
there's a pot of money and we're all
splitting up if I get more you get less
that's not the way capitalism works
every new idea creates more money and so
actually what you should be doing is
creating and working and doing stuff to
get yours because that creates more
wealth for everybody the insane thing
this is what always gets me about the
left is that people ask me why I became
a conservative I always say I became a
conservative cuz I'm a liberal you know
that's the way you accomplish the goals
right the crazy thing is poverty in the
last 10 years has been cut in half
worldwide because of capitalist
principles free free markets property
rights and and rule of law and those
things property and half that'll
probably be gone you'll probably live to
see extreme poverty eliminated through
capitalism and I don't know why this bad
idea just keeps hanging on I think it's
because it makes people feel righteous I
think that's what it is it makes people
feel good oh we're all gonna share it's
all gonna be equal you know instead of
we're all gonna be out there striving
against each other and competing with
each other and that's gonna make each of
us better
it would be as if LeBron James went out
in there and said I'm such a nice guy
you know you take your shot instead he
fights with you and that makes him
better it makes you better too I think
that's just a mistake they make about
how the economy works
WOB I mr. Clavin so we've been talking a
lot about like freedom is sort of a big
idea and an American exceptional idea
I mean I'm graduating college now so
I've only sort of been with the program
for eight or ten years in terms of
knowing what's going on in the world but
in that time I really cannot remember a
time where the government has done
something to authentically increase our
freedom
you know I can't remember a time we took
a law off the books or decreased some
sort of Governor on bureaucratic red
tape it all just seems to be increasing
and growing and in that way it's sort of
tough to be optimistic about about our
future and our about our future freedoms
when all we're seeing is you know our
freedoms going away so how do you see
the future developing in that sense and
what could we do about it okay well I
think one of the things that has
occurred in the time since really
Woodrow Wilson is the existence and
growth of what they call the
administrative state and this
unfortunately is a boring topic which is
probably more important than anything
else we talk about it is the creation of
an immense bureaucracy with the power of
law the power essentially to come into
your shop and say you have to run your
business this way nobody elected me
nobody passed this law but I say it and
if you want to appeal it you have to
appeal it to me
okay it's incredibly unfair and one of
the reasons nobody talks about it is
because the First Amendment protects
people who talk against it because of
the First Amendment we don't have a
bureaucracy of speech right so they
don't get me and so I don't realize what
it's like to be a rancher who tries to
cut down a tree on his own property and
the feds parachute in and start shooting
at him you know I don't know I don't
have I don't have that that problem this
is a huge deal it is one of the best
things about the Trump presidency had
all kinds of feelings about the Trump
presidency which I'm happy to talk about
if you want to ask me about it but one
of the truly good things about the Trump
presidency is his dialing back of the
state the problem of that the
administrative state the problem is is
while he's dialing back the actual
regulations he's not dialing back the
actual state and that's what has to
happen and has to be done by force of
law they had there have to be laws that
say you cannot
a bureau and unelected bureaucracy the
path that has the force of law and can't
be appealed to outside of bureaucracy
that would be the main place to fight
because you're right you know it is the
government's nature to grow and
conservatives talk about small
government we're not gonna have a small
government it's a huge country it's not
like 13 colonies with guys in funny hats
anymore this is a big big place we're
gonna have a big big government what we
want is a limited government we're on a
government pays its enumerated rights
and does not go beyond them we want a
government federal government that
doesn't step on the states rights that's
what we want to defend and that's why
conservatives are always being accused
of bad things because they won't let
good things happen in a bad way um so I
know the discussion has been more
philosophical and abstract so far so I
want to just take it more towards the
real world so hopefully the Republicans
keep both houses coming up in November
regardless of what happens what would
you say should is your optimal strategy
for President Trump and the Republican
Party over the next two years following
the midterms that's a really good
question what would I like to see happen
you know this thing about the
administrative state is big I would also
like and one of the biggest mistakes
Trump has made is his commitment to
leave entitlements untouched it is a
disaster
I actually am willing for there to be a
welfare state I'm not an extremist or an
absolutist about this I think the
welfare state people don't remember this
but the welfare state actually kept us
from going socialist you know but the
problem is the welfare state is a
temptation it means that you can always
buy votes by saying I'm gonna give you
this I'm going to give you that so vote
for me right our entitlement program
like Social Security was built to pay
out at 65 when the length of most
people's lives was 63 years old okay so
you're piling money in there you had
like 10 guys piling money in there that
you were never gonna collect right now
there's like two young people for every
old guy
he lives til he's 80 it just doesn't
make mathematical sense so when Paul
Ryan who unfortunately was the only guy
with the courage to take this on when he
said you know we've got to raise the
level of social security this stuff is
bankrupting us it is driving us into
bankruptcy like Paul Ryan said we're
gonna raise the age of Social Security
the Democrats put out an ad that showed
a Paul Ryan look-alike pushing an old
woman off a cliff
she's his old granny in a cliff that you
know and he's pushing up the thing is a
65 year old woman doesn't look like that
anymore she's playing tennis she's doing
yoga you know she she would kick Paul
Ryan's ass you know so so it doesn't
make sense and you just need it they're
playing off emotions and not dealing
with the facts on the ground which is
the people live longer you know and
that's that's the key thing that's the
one thing I think he has not addressed
that he may get it I've one thing I see
about Trump is you really learn stuff he
may start to figure it out yes it is and
it's it's against my principles welfare
state is against my principles I can't
help noticing that there's no such thing
as an older free government without a
welfare state and it makes me think that
you maybe cannot simply simply cannot
preserve the freedoms that I want to
preserve that I think are so important
without compromising this principle
that's what I think and so it's a real
its realism
I think it's realism but it is it's
against my principles you're absolutely
right you made the distinction between
Credo country like the United States and
the nation states of Europe and you
would agree that a country like the
United States has the right to defend
its borders based on its Creed would you
then ascribe countries in like Europe
and Asia and other parts of the world
the right to defend their borders based
on their nation on like their national
culture that's a great great question
it's a great question one of the things
about our Creed is absolutely defies and
allows bigotry not true of the European
countries according to their own point
of view way of life they would have been
justified they would have been morally
wrong they would have been morally wrong
but they would not have been acting
against their Creed if England had said
no we want to stay all white all English
all the time were England that's what
we're gonna do they would not have been
acting against their Creed they would
have been acting against my Creed and I
think God's Creed I think that that
would have been I really do believe that
would have been a sin but they would not
have been acting against their creed the
thing is our Creed is so powerful that
now everybody's trying to live by it
that's really what's happened I mean the
people forget that there were no
Republic's when American wood was
invented the our idea is so powerful
that even the Soviet Union which was a
slave state called themselves the Union
of Soviet Socialist Republics where the
Republic's no why did they calm it
because America was so successful and
free and happy that they wanted to say
yeah it's gonna be just like that so so
I think you're right according to their
own principles in history that would be
right to do it but I think our Creed has
been so morally powerful that they
basically can't do it anymore because
we're writing they're wrong we're right
now that people are out there based on
like their culture you know this is one
of the reasons why I thought that the
conversation about limiting immigration
from Islamic countries is a much more
complicated conversation than we've
allowed it to be people immediately
starts screaming Islamophobia nobody in
America woke up one day and said you
know what I'm gonna do I'm gonna hate
Muslims you know it's not what happened
there are serious questions on the books
serious questions about whether Islamic
belief systems their ideas their creed
that with our creed right that's an
argument we should have that's a
discussion we should have experts should
be debating it on TV nobody's talking
about it's just Trump is a bad guy Trump
is a bigot right but of course you know
if there were a place called Nazi land
and everybody who came from it was a
Nazi some of them would be nice people
they'd be nice to their kids they'd be
lovely to their wives who wouldn't let
him in the car
because they're not six you know so I
want to know the nature of Islam and I
want to know how much it can adapt to
Western civilization before I just
opened the door to anybody with that
creed okay does that answer your
question yeah so I have a question about
the definition the definition of freedom
so the idea of freedom and defining it
is that not one side gets to define it
and then it's this absolute thing but we
found that through the history of our
nation that that's not always so simple
so it's a very extreme example but when
slavery was still being debated the
South people in the South said that
banning slavery was against their
freedom to own their properties right so
how can we find what do you think the
definition is and how can we like make
our definitions of freedom adapting and
not make it so it's argue about this is
freedom and this is freedom or you're
impeding on our freedom or you're not
impeding on our freedom how does how can
we define that and argue that in a way
that we're not being biased right okay
this is the discussion of the West from
the very beginning this is what Plato is
trying to deal with in the Republic and
what Aristotle is trying to deal with in
the politics and this is why the
founders said that our Constitution is
for a religious people not because they
thought religion would scare people into
doing the right thing by threatening
them by going to hell but because
religion is kind of like a virtue think
tank it's a way of creative of studying
what the virtues are and teaching them
to people so that they will look and act
virtuously without the government
telling them what to do the problem the
reason that freedom starts to collapse
right it's because what this gentleman
was saying about the welfare state is
people behaved badly and then expecting
you to pay for it you know they're like
the kid who borrows the car it says dad
I'm old enough to drive and then when he
gets in an accident like that you got to
pay for the car right so people say you
know you're not gonna take care of my
child you're gonna let this porch how
far you can go wait a minute wait a
minute how did that child get there just
drop out of heaven right so you're
you're right there has to be for free it
for freedom to exist there has to be an
underlying culture of virtue and that is
what has been falling that's what's
fallen apart in the country and it's
really difficult to get it back
the problem that Plato and Aristotle
were wrestling with is that in order to
teach that you needed coercive education
so how are you free if you as a child
you're being coerced into learning about
virtue you know it's one of those deep
philosophical problems we're not gonna
solve right right now but I will tell
you this that I do think there is going
to be we're talking about this or
progenitor I do think that there's going
to be a religious revival I do think it
will help our freedoms in the long run I
do think when we can start talking about
right and wrong virtue and sin again
maybe not sin I think that may be a
little too tough for people now but but
when we can start talking about those
things we will begin to understand
better what freedom has to look like you
know if you're if you leave a bunch of
children who have to be taken care of
and you don't take care of them that
impedes my freedom you know that
impinges on my freedom so you know
you're right this is the problem of
Western civilization forever and it
entails a central paradox which is that
in order to be free people have to learn
how to live virtuously in order to do
that you have to have a coercive
education you should read you if you
haven't read the the Republic it's a
brilliant brilliant book it talks all
about this yeah oh hi Andrew hi I just
wanted to say thank you for your podcast
is uh one of the few things that keeps
me sane and via 405 commute I like to
think of you and Michael as psycho go
ahead no less powerful keep sane on the
405 on so I like to think of your you
and Michael as the about the optimist
optimistic balance for Benza pessimism
so anyways when and why did the left I
started embracing collectivist and
communist ideas if I remember correctly
there was a time when people on the left
and on the right could come to agree
meant that communism was a bad idea and
not too long ago the New York Times a
former newspaper
I like to think it's somewhere in
editors even so like not so long ago
they they had an op-ed titled
why women had better sex under communist
that is insane I know so why do they
remind so when and why did they started
romanticizing communism well it happened
by stages as far as I can see I mean
first of all you had Woodrow Wilson who
introduced this progressive idea and
when you talk about progressivism this
is at the heart of progressivism we have
gone past the point where you can make
the right decisions because life has
gotten too complicated it has to be run
by experts and the President Woodrow
Wilson said it since he said it's crazy
to think that when the powers of the
government are fighting with each other
we can get anything done the president
has to be as powerful as he can possibly
be because you guys you know we need
extras Obama said the same thing if only
I could lock myself in a room full of
experts and solve all the problems that
this constitution gets in my way you
know so it started with this that there
was some thing that the that the
government could be doing that you were
capable of doing when the Depression hit
and this is why I talk about
compromising my principles on the
welfare state that's really when the
welfare state got started and as far as
I'm concerned
FDR's policies made the depression last
for ten years most depressions last for
like a couple of months and they're over
but his socialist style policies you
know made the depression go on and on
and on and they really damaged our
freedoms and our government however
however if FDR had not done that I do
believe we would have lost the country
this forces of fascism and communism
which are really the same force were
abroad in the land and they were
spreading everywhere and they were
spreading here they were here as well
you know there was some stuff going on
during the 30s that you would not you
know go back and look at the histories
of people marching and a Klan marching
and all this stuff if we our government
was really on shaky ground so FDR did
the wrong thing but I think she did the
only thing that would have worked to
keep the country together
life is complicated
okay my generation I always wish my
generation could die without taking me
with it but my generation really lost
the plot you know and why that happened
there's a million reasons I mean some of
it were they didn't want to go to
Vietnam some of it was a reaction to the
acknowledgement of our of our ill
treatment of black people
it took the righteousness out of our
hearts and made us ashamed of America
and that had some good effects right I
mean we should be it should have been
ashamed it was really but it was against
our own principles right but but that
reaction to that made people adopt the
ideas of our enemies and they're our
enemies were the Communists and so if we
just like today if Trump says white they
say black if the American government
said we got to stop these communists
they thought well the Communists aren't
bad it's you and so you know them you're
the bad guy you know and that's really
when we lost it was right around because
right on the Summer of Love around 68
when that consensus that the Communists
were slaveholders that's what they were
they were they were enslaving half of
Europe that they were somehow the good
guys and it really we haven't recovered
from that it was a real does that it was
a real philosophical disaster I don't
know how many people have to die and how
many governments have to collapse by
this stupid philosophy before someone on
the Left goes oh I don't know
yes
okay hi I just want to say thanks for
coming out and we all really appreciate
it so um in your talk okay okay so in
your talk you good it's a little cozy
over here so in your talk you talked
about diversity in America as a whole
and as a nation and I kinda just wanted
to pick your brain on diversity on
college campuses and your thought on
affirmative action programs and if this
is just feigning diversity or if this is
actually a real benefit to college
campuses I I'm really against it I think
it's really bad for the people that's
supposed to serve first of all it takes
their legitimacy away you know you don't
want to go to a doctor who has been
gotten to school through affirmative
action and it takes the legitimacy away
from them themselves second it has been
shown repeatedly that people who get
into schools where they can't compete
fail you know and if so if you you know
so so while I believe that for a while
it will continue to be unfair if you
don't have affirmative action I think it
will become fair or faster without
affirmative action I think it's a really
bad thing
I do not think I think diversity is a
glorious byproduct of freedom but I
don't think diversity is a good in and
of itself you know I mean when when
people say well conservatives don't like
brown people coming over our border I
don't care what color they are as long
as they want to be free as long as they
say okay I subscribe to this idea you
know and and so I think the diversity as
a good in and up per se as a good in and
of itself is a mistake and I think
affirmative action shows it because it
fails and it hurts the people that's
trying to help you know by the way just
if I can say this on a general notion
one of the things that the left does
repeatedly is it adopts the principles
of the bad guys that they hate they
adopts the principles of its enemies
either treating a person according to
his race that's right or it's wrong but
what the Left says essentially is the
racists had all the power so let's adopt
that philosophy and then we'll have the
power the feminists do this to the
feminists look at Amy Schumer and they
say yeah she's grotesque and vulgar but
men are grotesque and vulgar
you think not the men I like you know
that is that really what you want to be
like you know it once you adopt the
principles of your enemies you achieve
your enemy's goals that's just true and
I and I think one of the things is I go
to college campuses where they're
segregated dorms because of leftism
they're segregated dorms people face mad
dogs to stop that stuff you know I mean
on the street and face dogs and guns and
gas to stop the segregation the left has
a great idea let's bring it back you
know unbelievable but when you adopt the
principles your enemies you achieve your
enemy's goals what's that but it's
followed but it's logical it follows the
principle they adopt the principle you
know they identify with the aggressor
basically I have a question about
affirmative action so you're saying that
you're against it and I am it was myself
the question how can you without
affirmative action help some group of
people that seem to not get out of a
state that that family or certain group
have the same generation or generation
don't seem to be able to take advantage
of the opportunity of the country how do
how do you accelerate the process of
them getting out of that state of
disadvantage without affirmative action
well first of all I think you got to
destroy the teachers unions I think that
they're one of the most destructive
forces anything they do is they they
destroy it they destroy our schools and
then when people run against them they
bring out Miss Brown from the school
there's a lovely woman who's doing a
great job and they put her in front of
the teachers union and and they win the
votes all the time but they have kept in
California throws money at our school
system and there's something like that I
don't know what rent right there like a
48th worst school system in the country
education and family education and
family it's the two things that have
that that many of our minority
communities have been
deprived of if you can convince people
that they should raise their own kids
that they need a mom and dad in the home
and then you can such a militate for
better schools I think you can change
that and then you're gonna need heroes
who walk into those schools and teach
you know what's happening now is it's a
crime it is a crime there's just no
question about it and the illegitimate
see rate is one thing and the and the
schools in neighborhoods I mean ask
yourself why is it in Democrat cities
where the black neighborhoods are worst
that's why it's cuz they support the
unions who are corrupt not all unions
are corrupt but teach the teachers
unions are against they are operating
against the role of teachers and and I
think that's the answer I mean it's it's
harder than just saying oh you know
bringing this number and then our quota
will look good it's harder but it'll
work I I just wanted to circle back and
follow up a little bit on your comments
about entitlement reform it's I always
feel like entitlement reform is one of
those things that we as conservatives
sort of throw out there it's like let's
deal with the entitlement reform and
nobody ever does anything about it
because it's basically political suicide
for any congressman to vote to cut
someone's benefits like that that's why
I never attacked Paul Ryan cuz I thought
he had got there's that there at least
in my in my view there's not a lot you
can do about it because if you cut you
know 20% of your district's benefits if
you raise the retirement age or 25 your
district voters benefits you're gonna
run into a problem when you're trying to
get reelected so we could say that we
want to touch any that you think that
that President Trump should be
addressing entitlement reform but how do
you suggest that we go about that well
this speaks into two problems one one is
you know the fact that right-wing
politicians are really bad at explaining
ideas they're really bad at explaining
our basic ideas you know they don't when
they talk about guns
for instance they talk about will this
law you know stop a killing in this
school or whatever and they never say
why why do we believe that people should
have guns they never just come in and
say wait let's start with let's start
with first principles and I know this
because when I try to do it the media
cuts me off
almost always you know they do not like
it because it may then people say oh I
get it I get it so we have to start we
can educate people but it's talks to the
larger problem of our press and the
problem with our press is a problem I
mean the press is so one-sided and so
corrupt and so dishonest that they're
making fools of themselves just fight
fighting with Donald Trump who after all
is not a paragon of honesty himself but
they're making them they let make
themselves look like idiots the way they
attack them they hate him so much and
the way they covered up for Obama
they've lost all moral authority it's on
us it's on the right to start building
vehicles of communication because I do
think people can be convinced to give up
certain entitlements I mean I know
people are cynical about this I've heard
Charles Krauthammer say this nobody
gives up a you know an entitlement I
don't believe that I believe people can
be educated people can change their
minds and see and get it you know I mean
it's silly you know you talk about being
being 65 I mean you look around it
people who when they're 65 now you know
they're not you know you go back and
watch there's some old movies go back
and watch what a 15 year old looks like
in a 1940s movie you know he looks like
he's 80 yeah you know things have
changed so I think you can educate
people I do think we have to start doing
stuff about the press I think not
not legally not violating the First
Amendment but we have to start building
an alternative press that doesn't
deliver Fox News for rangs but in fact
just does what Bret Baier does every
night which is deliver the news and tell
people what's going on so to educate
people and let people debate things you
know I mean I would I would love I've
thought about starting a show myself or
just people sit down and talk and
they're not allowed to call each other
names that's the only rule you know they
have to they have to debate the issue so
yeah I think it's a dual thing I think
you do can educate people I don't
believe that it's it's hopeless but I
didn't think we have to address this
issue of how one-sided our press and our
culture and our academies are you know
in your view what do you think should
change in our society to stop the mass
shootings that have been going on soft
and McMahon so many things you know I do
I don't think the idea of before the
idea of arming teachers training some
teachers have you higher security all
these shootings take place in in
gun-free zones they almost all take
place and come free zones so I'm
definitely in favor of that but we have
a larger problem in this country and I
don't have a solution for it but I think
it's this thing we need to start to talk
about us how we treat the mentally ill
in the 80s we closed all the asylums we
made it almost impossible to force
people to get treatment the idea was
going to be that we were just drugged
everybody now we had these wonderful
drugs and they were going to solve all
the problem problem is people stop
taking the drugs I don't blame them I
also think the drugs are over prescribed
I think we've got a a to really have an
about how we deal with people who cannot
handle themselves they shouldn't be
living on the streets where they're a
danger to themselves and others
they shouldn't be in school where
they're gonna go and you know and and
maybe kill people I would like to see
the press stop covering these stories in
terms of who did them I would like to
see them deny celebrity best by by their
own acclamation by their own decision
I'd like to see them deny celebrity to
the doers and I would like to see more
secured schools I don't see any problem
with that
like securing schools what do we do
about the fact that these mass shootings
occur not just schools but concerts and
venues and clubs yeah I think one thing
we should know is that there are fewer
mass shootings now than there were in
the 90s and as over the last years
because of better policing and some of
the brilliant scientific book policing
that has come in since the 70s the
murder rate has done this right the
murder rate has dropped it's bounced up
a little bit recently but the murder is
really low so the idea that this is a
crisis is suspect in and of itself but
but I do think you know in a free
country
people are going to have guns you got to
have security you got to learn how to do
it and I hate to put it on you guys but
the police are really good at this yeah
they really are good and I know the
police don't like people having guns too
but still I think it's important and I
think they have to and so you know I
think we just have to deal with it as a
problem in living in a free country and
reduce it as much as we possibly can
which i think is probably a lot you know
and a big fan I love your podcast so do
you have any favorite author it's a
little off topic do you have any
favorite authors and what do you think
of Iran's writing okay good good
question yeah I have a lot of favorite
authors I mean novels were my life I
mean writing novels is the way I made my
living most of my life I was explaining
earlier before I came on that I spent
most of my life in a room by myself and
the second is last part of my life has
been so public has come as a complete
shock to me people always ask you in
your novels what your favorite novelist
and I can't say because I've just read
so much of that Canon and I love so many
of them but the novel that affected me
more than any and changed my life more
than any is Crime and Punishment by
Fyodor Dostoyevsky I read it when I
first when I was 19 and moral relative
relativism was on the rise the idea that
it's just an opinion what's right or
wrong
and dusty ethically writes a crime novel
murder story about that idea and about a
guy who decides to violate that idea and
I remember putting the book down and
covering my face with my hands of
thinking he's right there my professors
are wrong he's right you know and from
that I think that really had a big
effect on my becoming a religious person
it took thirty years from that moment
but it still it still had a huge effect
on me and I loved it I was sad to see
Tom Wolfe die he was a wonderful writer
and it's interesting how many great
right oh and there's a playwright named
Tom Stoppard it was also conservative
but he also one of the great brilliant
writers alive talking about people who
are alive what was the second part your
question oh I ran I don't like I rent
first of all she's a crummy writer
I mean her characters are stock wooden
character she didn't believe in humanity
you know every idea that she has is in a
every good idea what she has she has
great ideas about economics and they're
all in that basquiat the seventy page
book right he wrote the so called I
think all the law and all her ideas
either came out of that or they just
happen to be the same as that book and
seventy pages and nadion happened to
listen to the same speech even over and
over again for ten thousand pages you
know she tries to be crazy she also is a
moral idiot I mean she is in terms of in
terms of her humanist morals in terms of
what she thinks is a moral thing to do I
think she's an extremist and a fool I
don't think she really understands how
life works had a couple of things that
she said that are brilliant you know the
stuff about the economy is brilliant she
once made the comment that all art is
about human beings and that a beautiful
native rug that is just a pattern is a
beautiful piece of craftsmanship but
it's not art I think that's a great
comment you know she did have this he
did occasionally say things that I agree
with I like her short fall off
philosophical things even when I
disagree with them but her novels go on
forever and they just the same speech
over yeah it's a little better that was
the most readable that was actually the
most readable yeah I'm not a fan
question
why in our current society does the left
highly profile shooters as white males
but refrains to associate Muslims with
terrorism because they consider it
racist
even though Islam is an ideology and not
a race why are there different rules for
one community but not another because
because they're not thinking in terms of
ideas they're thinking in terms of or
they think in terms of a bad idea which
is the racist idea so they say you know
these are oppressed minorities the
Muslims are repressed minority so
everything they do must be right we
mustn't say anything about them and my
feeling is hey you know you may be an
oppressed minority and be a stinker you
know I mean so they do they have
incredible double standards and and it's
it's so destructive to their own
principles I mean you have a country
like Israel where women are free and gay
people have rights and even Muslims have
more rights in Israel than they have in
most Muslim countries you know and they
were this little sliver of land and all
they want is to destroy this little tiny
country because what we really need is
another Muslim country in the Middle
East you know that's what that's what
makes it so mixed this what makes the
place so much fun to visit if you happen
to be in Israel and let's oh I do think
it's because of a bad idea they follow
this bad idea and it wrong foots their
own purposes
you know black lives get worse when they
try it when they search for diversity
more people are oppressed when they
oppose Israel they don't like the West I
mean they really don't like the West and
every you know Mushaf euro says this he
says they I say they hate Israel because
they're anti-semitic he says they they
hate the West and the Jews were part of
that you know part of the foundation of
the West they hate them for that I think
he's got a point the big hands everyone
you
