when Donald Trump started talking tough
to North Korean President Kim jong-un
the headlines read Trump pushes the
world toward nuclear war when Trump's
tough talk brought Kim to the
negotiating table the headlines read
Trump is so eager for peace that Kim
will outsmart him when Trump responded
to Kim's shenanigans by canceling the
summit the headlines read Trump summits
strategy a failure
now the trumps cancellation has brought
Kim crawling back to the table the
headlines read we journalists are so
cross-eyed with hatefulness and
left-wing bias we don't know what the
hell is going on please don't listen to
us anymore
we're fools and knaves tonight I made
that last headline up but future
headlines we can expect to see include
Trump the nuclearized as Korean
Peninsula costing jobs for Asians and
how Obama's policies finally brought
peace to Korea during the Trump
administration they say the journalism
is the first draft of history but they
forgot to add that it's the first draft
written by lawyers and buffoons trigger
warning I'm Andrew Clavin and this is
the Andrew Clavin show
all right welcome back from your Clavin
list I never know whether to say happy
Memorial Day cause it's kind of a solemn
occasion but at the same time having
barbecues and summer begins mine was not
happy I actually usually you know my my
weekend if one of the perks of my job is
I don't have Clavin less weekends
because I I just get the take Clavin
home it's one of the things they let me
do here at the daily wire but this was
at Cleveland's weekend you know we're
all heading to New York to see Knowles's
wedding which is kind of a spectacle
it's like a virgin throwing yourself
into a volcano and my wife went a few
days early to see our daughter and so I
was there along I just started working
and I never got out of the house I never
saw anybody I I think this is the first
time I've opened my mouth and spoken
aloud for three days it was really
something else all right mad white man
I'm glad to be I'm glad to be back
uh-huh Michael Walsh is here Michael I
was reading his introduction he has all
these awards the thing I didn't know I
just hang out with him in bars I just
thought he was I thought he was some old
drunk but he's actually confidence guy
he's written a new book all the fiery
angel which actually is really
interesting I read his last book you
know I don't know about you but I
genuinely generally get screwed for
Father's Day you know my either people
are traveling or they just are not
around or whatever and companies will
never tell you what they want but now
there is a solution
man crates man crates are gifts for men
that come in tremendous crates that have
to be pried open with crowbars and can
be wrapped up in duct tape it's
everything a guy once he doesn't even
care what's inside because the crate is
so much fun but inside the crate they
have things like knife making kits and
whiskey appreciate appreciate that's the
one I got the whiskey appreciation one
you've got to try this you're you're the
dad in your family or the many dads and
your family will like it get your
special Father's Day discount today at
man crates calm
/ Clavin and I know what you think
Clavin how do you spell that que la VA
en man crates dot-com / Clavin now this
is a limited time offer it's only for
Father's Day
so go today man crates dot-com / Clavin
Mann crates dot-com / Clavin you really
will enjoy us so much fun stuff and just
opening the box itself is a lot of fun
alright you know radicals it has now
become clear radicals ruin everything
and I have this theory I can't prove
this because you know causation is hard
to prove you never know whether it's
causation or correlation I have a theory
that radicals actually show up after
real change occurs and attach themselves
to their change to win heroism without
taking any risks so it's not I'm not
talking about activists they're genuine
activist you get a guy like Martin
Luther King's an activist he brings you
know he gets rid of the inertia to
change people don't like to change and
he makes sure you people see how bad it
is for people and they he does marches
and they're they're peaceful and the
reaction of the police the brutality
that's unleashed on him
makes awakens the conscience in people
says hey you know we got to stop this
then you get you know good laws civil
rights laws and then things start to go
wrong do you know that during the time
of Jim Crow some of the worst bigotry in
this country Jim the Jim Crow South the
fate of black people the state of the of
black Americans got better their
employment got more employment their
economy the difference between blacks
and whites narrowed and the economy
their marriages were holding together
and their families were holding together
crime was descending there were more of
them moving into the middle class
but then the radicals come along and the
radicals just are putting on a show and
they have to keep making things worse
they have to keep pretending things are
bad so they can be heroic
since the Great Society of Lyndon
Johnson all the good trends in the
communities of black Americans have
reversed marriage is falling apart their
their legitimacy rate is now worse than
it was during slavery days it's between
60 and 70 percent their economy has
gotten worse until Donald Trump but
they'll davos started actually making
things better for them and the radicals
just make everything worse and so you
see things that are legitimate problems
where right and left could actually sit
down together and say hey this is a
problem you know this is something you
know I was watching over the weekend or
maybe was just before the weekend Harvey
Weinstein turned himself in and he's
accused of rape among other things and
look I wasn't there I can't convict the
guy but everything I know about his
court makes me feel like he should be
put away and he was always a bad guy I
know people who worked for him he was a
bad guy and something like any more than
80 women have come out and accused him
of everything from groping to actual
actual rape and so he goes in and first
of all the New York District Attorney
Scotch tan attempt to arrest him before
for molesting for groping women so
there's our every and NBC did everything
they could to smother this story by
Ronan Farrow and you know so the left
was really working hard to cover this up
and now he's in court and because his
lawyer is outside the courtroom and he
makes this kind of hilarious I mean I
shouldn't say it's hilarious but he
blames he blames the whole thing on the
me2 movement and he makes this comment
my job is not to defend my job is to
defend something that is criminal
behavior bad behavior mr. Weinstein did
not invent the casting couch in
Hollywood and to the extent that there
is bad behavior in that industry that is
not what this is about bad behavior is
not on trial in
it's only if you intentionally committed
a criminal act and mr. Weinstein
vigorously denies them
so he's conflating the bad behavior of
Hollywood the casting couch with rape
right he's be in you know conflating
that to hoping that we it'll all get
kind of messed together but the other
people who are doing that are the me two
people the the fact that the radical
feminists have taken radicalism it ruins
everything the fact that the radicals
have taken over the me to movement and
made everything that men do seem toxic
and I you know it's all men's fault and
men men men it's it's it make it
trivializes the fact that people were
actually raped by this guy if indeed
they were let's say they were allegedly
raped by this guy that's that is not a
trivial thing and they come after Morgan
Freeman and this it really bugs me you
know maybe he did some stuff that was
creepy they had this one thing that
they're putting out saying Morgan
Freeman makes creepy comments and I was
asking Jess are my friend and makeup
lady whose are these comments creepy
they have this little thing where he's
talking to an Entertainment Tonight
reporter and she's very beautiful and
she's and he's 80 right Jack Morgan
Freeman is like 80 years old so here's
the comment that he made good marriage
no food around older guys so he's
flirting what they got he's 80 years old
he's flirting with you he cut him some
slack like Jess I mean I just said this
is a little creepy but but you cut him
some slack he's an old guy wants to
still feel alive you know he doesn't
want to be out of the game and maybe he
did some other things some of the other
things he did we got handsy you know
obviously I disapprove I think women
should be able to go to work and not
feel uncomfortable but but you know this
stuff the thing about this is the left
created the culture in which this takes
place this is the first thing the left
created the culture within which things
took place the radicals who told us that
our sexuality needed to be free we
needed to be loose we know you know it's
just we should do anything the people
who told us that women and men were the
same that women should have the same
kind of sexual freedom that men have all
these people the radicals who attach
themselves because this is true of the
feminist movement - there was a point
there was a point where women said hey
you know we've got a lot of technology
we've got birth control we can expand
and our influence in our field of
operation we don't all have to be
housewives we can get out in the world
you know that happened pretty quickly I
was there and there were some people who
griped about ashore this in you know
they they got headlines but really it
happened pretty quickly that women moved
into the workplace and people were men
were mentors to them and men help them
out and any woman who's successful and
honest you ask her you'll find there
were a lot of men who helped them out
but it's the radicals who then
attachment we're started burning bras
started yelling at men for opening doors
started saying that men it's all men is
the problem let me show you let me show
you the way Hollywood works in open
openly okay here's a cut from I think
it's like 2001 when did that picture
beautiful mind come out it's like around
2001 alright Jennifer Connelly who I
think is one of them V it's certainly at
this point was one of the most beautiful
women who has ever worked in Hollywood I
mean just a stunningly beautiful woman
she goes on to promote her film and
she's on with David Letterman who we now
know was abusing his aids was sleeping
with everyone around there who created
an atmosphere where you basically felt
that you had to put out for David
Letterman really creepy guy now back on
Netflix no pain no get because Letterman
was always on the left and Jennifer
Connelly looks spectacular she is
wearing this very short skirt and she's
talking and the audience is going nuts
and here's just a little exchange a
dress
anyhow
I think I know the answer this question
a year 2002 it's only like a less than a
moral just over a week or how's it going
so far and it's funny I love the movie
and so I'm really happy people are
seeing it I mean to enjoy it it's kind
of strange for me because you know I've
been making movies that not necessarily
a lot of people you can tell you
recently so it's kind of different for
me and I've been being kind of
recognized more that's is that good for
an actor like that it's okay but it's
kind of concerned because it keeps
happening at the gym with me like I'll
be in the locker room and the other day
I was in the gym in the locker room and
I'm naked and two women next to me and
one of them say
okay so that's the culture in which all
these guys are operating then right now
they were applauding for her being naked
she knows what she's doing - you know
this is what this is a transactional
thing she's an extraordinarily beautiful
woman that's why she's in the movies
that's why we're watching no she's also
she's a terrific actress but her beauty
part of being an actor or an actress is
how you look right you know you don't
have like you know there's an old
cooking more routine Peter Cook and
Dudley Moore used into this routine
where one legged man shows up
auditioning for Tarzan and the guy has
to explain to him that he only has one
leg and Dudley Moore is hopping around
at this stage going what do you mean I
can't be Tarzan and you know part of
being an actor one of your tools as an
actor is how you look you know a guy
like me who writes stories who writes
books I can write about handsome daring
guys without having to look like I had
some daring guy Harrison Ford can he has
to look that part of a handsome daring
court guy she is you know using one of
her tools which is her beauty to excite
the crowd and the crowds going back and
forth meanwhile we know that Letterman
is actually a bad bad and mistreating
women all I'm saying is in that in that
atmosphere this atmosphere that left
created with their radical attacks on
our sexual mores in that atmosphere guys
like Morgan Freeman are just guys
they're just ordinary people if we lived
in the Victorian age and we may yet if
we but if we'd lived in the Victorian
age guys like Morgan Freeman would be a
little bit more circumspect they
wouldn't be doing this they but I'm
sorry if you're going to drag that guy
in and just compare him to Harvey
Weinstein that all you've done as far as
I'm concerned is trivialize Harvey
Weinstein who's actually may have done
something really bad the thing the thing
the reason I bring this up it is I bring
it up for political reasons it's because
I feel that the Democrats are now
radicals they are radicals they're
radically anti-american they're
radically anti social norms they're
radically anti our military they're
radically anti everything that we
believe in and even though they have
plenty of things that they can pick on
Trump about he's a bigmouth he can be
rude he says things sometimes he's very
what's the word imprecise I guess would
be you
he doesn't you know doesn't always hew
strictly to the truth I don't think
that's why they attack him so viciously
I think they attack him because he is
tapped in to the anti radical vein of
normal American life he is that you know
I was listening to his very beautiful
Memorial Day speech he sent out a tweet
saying isn't it wonderful on Memorial
Day that our soldiers that the soldiers
can basically say well look what we've
defended the job the economy is doing so
well we're moving toward peace in Korea
never he said well he made Memorial Day
about him you know okay fair enough but
so did Obama and they never picked on
him but his speech was quite beautiful
and let's just listen to a little bit I
won't play all of it because I
understand these are you know
sentimental I don't want to sit here and
burst into tears and make a fool of
myself but play cut number 10 they
fought and bled and died so that America
would forever remain safe and strong and
free each of the markers on that field
each of the names engraved in stone
teach us what it means to be loyal and
faithful and proud and brave and
righteous and true that is why we come
to this most sacred place that is why we
guard these grounds with absolute
devotion that is why we always will
remember because here on this soil on
these grounds beneath those fields lies
the true source of American greatness of
American glory and of American freedom
really good speech really well-written
speech now I feel that this the Trump
really does feel this way he has a
visceral love for the country has a
visceral feeling for the country not
saying he's a great guy I'm not saying
his business dealings were all in a row
or whatever I'm not saying he treated
his wife well nothing but I do think he
has this visceral love of country and
you know you remember the old the old
poem breathes there live
a man with soul so dead who never to
himself has said this is my own my
native land you know this is something
that we all feel this visceral feeling
the left has left that behind and if you
don't believe me see they they they will
make this speech on Memorial Day but
that's the rest of the year all they do
is attack this country remember when the
war on terror was on remember every
movie there was one movie after another
in the Valley of Elah
Lions for my the value of leather the
guys were going to Iraq and it was
driving them crazy and they became
serial killers Lions for lambs they were
full foolish people the military or
foolish guys whose patriotism was being
abused by evil Republicans played by Tom
Cruise redaction military were rapists
they were raping Iraqi women rendition
our spies were abducting innocent
Muslims and torturing them sending them
off for torture that was rendition they
made at least a dozen Green Zone was
another Matt Damon where we found out
that the whole weapons of mass
destruction thing was a scam they did
this again and again and again and then
they had the incredible gall to start
that thing we've got your six you know
if you come home because they can deal
with the military's victims you come
home and you have PTSD we've got your
six well screw you you know you are
making vehicles of propaganda while
archives of anti-american propaganda
while our guys were in the field and
they didn't realize why these movies
kept bombing and when Clint Eastwood
made American sniper and it was this
huge hit suddenly oh gee we didn't
realize that people wanted to see war
movies where the Americans were the
heroes that really is radical it is
radical not to love your country even
just a visceral level just an organic
way and so they keep getting the same
thing is true with immigration same
thing is true with immigration listen to
the president making a perfectly
rational case about illegal immigration
we all agree on the need to better
secure the border and a punish employers
who choose to hire illegal immigrants
you know we are a generous and welcoming
people here in the United States but
those who enter the country illegally
and those who employ them disrespect the
rule of law and
they are showing disregard for those who
are following the law we simply cannot
allow people to pour into the United
States undetected undocumented unchecked
and circumventing the line of people who
are waiting patiently diligently and
lawfully to become immigrants in this
country okay not this president and I'm
making a perfectly rational Center the
president last president when he was a
senator and still trying to be an
American and still trying to sound like
an American and now their ideas
basically you know let everybody in and
that's why they get maneuvered into
doing things like supporting ms-13 you
know the New York Times is lying about
this they put out they had a fact check
they said New York Times fact checker
Lynda q qi you i don't know how to
pronounce it she she put out this thing
that says it's false democrats have
neither cheered mr. trump's withdrawal
from a summit with the north korean
leader kim jong-in nor have they ever
defended the violent gang ms-13 but they
have we played Nancy Pelosi talking
about how wonderful they had the spark
of D of divinity in them but over the
weekend or right before the weekend in
my neighborhood West Hollywood they were
they gave stormy Daniels the key to the
city now part of this is gay stuff West
Hollywood is listenin cries like a gay
ghetto almost but this guy Flicka
talks he does he does YouTube stuff he
goes in and he interviews people and he
asked them about their feelings are
about hearing ms-13 called animals did
you hear him call ms-13 animals yes I do
you think about that I think he's a pig
in the animal I mean you know you smell
your own I guess maybe not all people in
that group are animals no they're not
animals at all they're human beings just
like all of us I think he's a pig he's
just using that as an excuse - I don't
know justify his being such a racist and
then this week Trump made the comment
about ms-13 being animals you hear about
that I did you think about that I think
he's criticizing his own American people
what can you say about this guy he's the
animal would you agree that not all
invest our team members are animals
absolutely cool and then it kind of yeah
exactly it's just like a negative always
negative in the news
I said I wanna get running around
gangbanging and killing people they're
animals you know but the rest of the
gang it's a big game it's a big gang I
love it you know the rest of the
remaining Toys for Tots you know where
they're running running book drives you
know there's what about the secretary
what about the secretaries who are just
you know doing the the writing the
letters for the guys are out killing
people they're not animals it's amazing
it is amazing radicals ruin everything
including themselves they ruin
themselves by making them take on these
opinions speaking of things I got to
talk about this a little bit speaking of
things in the New York Times lies about
all right you know everything Trump does
in North Korea is wrong it just somehow
weirdly keeps working out for the best
Janna's roe
who knows what he's up to you know it's
like so the press is always picking on
him and now the summit which was off is
now on again and an off-the-cuff remark
Donald Trump says hey maybe we'll even
hit our deadline which I guess was June
12 we have this we have the just a
little cut of him outside the White
House talking to people we have it we'll
see what happens we may still hit the
day so that the New York Times mark
Landler and David E Sanger they were in
the New York Times a former newspaper
write this long piece about how he's not
even talking to his aides anymore he's
not even talking to the people he's
supposed to advise him he says as with
so many issues involving this president
the views of his aides often have little
effect on what he actually says as if
he's supposed to echo his aides that's
the first thing since on Thursday for
example a senior White House official
told reporters that even if the meeting
were reinstated holding it on June 12th
would be impossible given the lack of
time the amount of planning needed so
Trump answers back and he says the
failing New York Times
you should pick up my thing on the
former news but failing New York Times
quotes a senior White House official who
doesn't exist as saying even if the
meeting were reinstated holding it on
June 12th would be impossible given the
lack of time and the amount of planning
needed wrong again use real people not
phony sources all right so he says the
guy who said that it's impossible
doesn't exist there is no aide who says
that it's a
possible to do this all right so Yasser
Ali who writes for New York Magazine
gets of the audio of this aid this
official and he plays it like this aha
moment proving that this guy exists so
here here's the audio of this official
the main point I suppose and there's
really not a lot of time we've lost
quite a bit of time we need in order to
there's been an enormous amount of
preparation that's going on over the
past few months the White House and
state but there's a certain amount of
actual dialogue that needs needs to take
place at the working level with your
counterparts to ensure that the agenda
is clear in the minds of those two
leaders when they sit down to actually
meet and talk and negotiate and
hopefully make a deal and June 12 is in
ten minutes he has some day so he says
it's tough it's gonna be tough
tough to do doesn't say it's impossible
he never says it's impossible somebody
pointed out climbing Everest is tough
but you can do it
you know impossible is impossible so
there is no White House aide who said
this is impossible Donald Trump is
correct
the guy doesn't exist who did this right
so now mate Maggie Haberman a Clinton
operative who has now been hired for by
the New York Times to cover the White
House because she is a Democrat
operative as has came out in some of the
leaked emails from the Clinton campaign
she she puts out a tweet imagine being
the White House background briefer who
led this briefing who now has his boss
the president of USA she doesn't exist
there they're holding to their lie
they're holding to their lie and and
they say here's Alex Mallin I guess he's
from the from ABC
he says real Donald Trump is slamming
the New York Times for citing the senior
White House official who doesn't exist
but the portion of the article he
appears to be referring to directly
cites comments made it a background
briefing but we just heard it he didn't
say it the guy who said that doesn't
exist the New York Times could have said
we got this story wrong we
mischaracterized his comments you know
it did he did say some
but he didn't say impossible but their
radicalism their hatred for this
president and they I'm telling you they
do not hate him for the reasons he can
be hateful they hate him because they're
radicals and he represents an America
they hate which is America these guys
ruin everything
hey we got to say goodbye to Facebook
and YouTube but Michael Walsh is coming
up he's really interesting a journalist
and screenwriter and has a new book the
fiery angel so you want to hear that
what you can do is you can either listen
to it right there on YouTube or you can
come on over to the daily wire.com and
watch it listen to it and then subscribe
for a lousy ten bucks a month you can
watch the whole thing right there and we
wouldn't have to boot you out and you
know humiliate you in this fashion so
come on over to the daily wire
all right who have we got Mike we got
Michael Michael wash I know Michael
washes a guy who hangs out in bars that
I'm sometimes in I you know I give him a
couple of bucks maybe buy him a drink
but it turns out turns out who knew that
he is an award-winning journalist
screenwriter and author in addition to
writing a hit Disney movie he is a
former classical news critic and foreign
correspondent for Time magazine he's
when the ASCAP themes Taylor Award for
distinguished music criticism and the
American Book Awards prize for fiction
for his gangster novel and all the
saints now that I know that he's done
all this stuff I'm never buying him a
drink again his latest book is the fiery
angel art culture sex politics and the
struggle of the soul for the West and it
says here on the sheet that it is out
today is that correct that is correct
Ruth yes
hey how you doing buddy it's good to
hear you know yeah it's good to hear you
too thanks for having me on it is a
pleasure so we're going to talk about
your book the fiery angel but I want to
talk first about some politics all right
sure you were an early Trump adopter and
a fierce Trump adopter Farb
you know far earlier than me and I think
you deserve you know cheers because the
guy is doing a great job so I'd like to
hear how you feel about where Trump is
now what he's doing right and what you
think he's not doing right okay well I
was I was on Fox and Friends actually a
week ago to talk about a column I wrote
in the New York Post about how if the
Trump administration is chaotic let's
have more chaos because obviously it's
working and and just just a few days ago
I was on Irish radio and my in my
adopted country of Ireland and they were
saying well hahaha the the Korea summit
is off and Trump just walked away from
it and I said give him five minutes and
Korea will be back sure enough it is
because they haven't read the art of the
deal at they didn't live in new you I
lived in New York all during the sort of
first Trump era in the 80s so I got
plenty of exposure to him and what he's
doing is no different from what he's
always done he placed a media like a
fiddle and he puts his last best and
final offer on the table first and then
if you don't like it he walks away and
then you chase him down the hall like
medals also chasing after Kim's father
in North Korea I mean it's a it's a
funny
ethical but it seems to be working fine
and I would you know other than the fact
that he turns a lot which the media
thinks is terrible but I think is fine I
don't really don't have any even grounds
for criticism for what he's doing you
may not like him as a person and who
does but you've got to like him as a
president that's the point that's that
is the way I feel right now I'd the
press as far as I can see is utterly
disgracing itself I mean in ways in ways
that are kind of beyond it disgraced
itself the press disgraced itself during
the Obama years by not covering the
things that Obama was doing the IRS
scandal the fast and furious scan all
the stuff that he was doing that was
really bad they just kind of turned a
blind eye but this like Benghazi yeah
you know and I heard they've been spying
on the Trump campaign but we're not
allowed to call him a spy but but do you
see do you see any chance I mean is it
too naive it probably is but is it
tonight to think that there's some
chance that these guys are going to look
in the mirror and say maybe we should
clean up our act a little bit you know
we're not as bad as traumas but no it's
like no no I've been in this business
since 1972 and and I know a lot of the
guys at the top of the media food chain
they're all superannuated baby boomers
like myself so we all started at the
same time we cut our teeth watching the
Watergate coverage in 72 73 74 is that
almost all developing and they will
never go back on their core principles
which is to despise conservatism America
as founded and Trump as the embodiment
of that they just won't do it they'll go
down with the ship don't go down so yeah
last question about this then we'll get
to your book the fiery angel but do you
see any when you talk about the fact
that you don't like Trump and he's a
hard guy to like I mean I wouldn't leave
him alone in a room with my daughter
he's you know he's a strange guy do you
see any disadvantage oh this is the
thing we hear from the never Trump errs
and the former never Trump errs that
that we are making excuses for behavior
so that we that and we won't be able to
criticize the left for this behavior
anymore
oh that's the stupidest argument of all
time I mean honest to god grow up people
and I'm talking to ben shapiro and Erica
and all and and David French and and
whoever else is been peddling this since
the day Trump got elected this isn't a
morality contest we are not elect
electing the Pope
we are not electing the Pope we just
elected the Roman Emperor to sort things
out these people have got to get over
themselves I frankly find that argument
incredibly offensive
and very juvenile Wow okay all right
then we're not I'm sorry I but you know
how I feel about this trick I know we're
not allowed to criticize Ben Shapiro
he's paying for the phone line so we
know and I actually love Ben so I I will
object but here let's talk about the
fire angel the fire you know I I read
your last book and I've only started
this one and you are you are launching a
deep defense of Western culture per se
is that is that fair to say
yes that's absolutely true it's a
crusade and I decided to use the word
crusade I am a proud if honorary
graduate of st. Louis High School in
Honolulu Hawaii class of 67 and we are
and remain the Crusaders so I screw
state is good enough for me so what give
me a sense give me the short version of
what it is about Western culture that
you find unique when we put it this way
drew I again I grew up in a military
family I did I moved every two or three
years so I'm in large respects an
autodidact which is you know both a
strength and egregious failing which
means I had to come to culture myself
luckily I was a talented pianist and
musician so I won a scholarship to
Eastman them the Eastman School of Music
where I practiced a you know learned the
piano and the musical trade but I had to
come to culture on my own and to see it
now being stripped away from us after
working all my life to two masters
insofar as I have I take that personally
- so this crusade is partly a rebellion
against the trashing of everything that
people of our generation and I know
you're 3040 years younger than me but I
just use that to make you feel like
you're part of this seven times
that we grew up believing to be true and
furthermore it is true
furthermore the Western civilization is
the best thing that ever happened to
Planet Earth and to see it now
denigrated and demeaned and called
racist and home at all these Marxist
isms is just intolerable so I wrote
devil's pleasure palace in 2015 turned
out to be a surprise hit and so Roger
Kimball who was a mutual friend of ours
commissioned the second book which is
the fiery angel which is out today and
this one is more prescriptive it's less
than an analysis of the cultural Marxist
revolution that is tearing down Western
society and more of a here's how you
fight back you have to know these works
of art because as I like to say there's
more wisdom in Homer than in the Kennedy
School of Government about our political
I mean that is certainly true i I have a
very similar background in the sense of
having come to culture on my own I mean
even though I went to college I didn't
get anything out of college except the
books which I then proceeded to read and
I I had the exact same experience of
thinking oh Lord this is really the
pinnacle of human life is with a
pinnacle of a human achievement but
there's a there's a very distinct
religious fervor I mean you use the word
Crusader jokingly but at the same time
you talk about the fiery angel you talk
about you talk about culture as if it
were conveying a deeply religious
meaning isn't that fair to say yes it's
absolutely it's absolutely fair to say
and then the fiery angel I went into a
lot of religious stuff now I know you're
a convert to Christianity you wrote that
wonderful book called the great good
thing which by the way I recommend
everybody read no it's just spectacular
but I'm a cradle Catholic so I also grew
up in that environment and I've thought
about this whole notion of God and man
and where are we going and all all that
sort of stuff from both a religious and
an artistic point of view but the point
I want to make is that the basic thrust
of Western civilization I believe is the
heroic narrative we're all the heroes of
our own movie we're not caused in a
machine you know we're not just ants in
the anthill we're individuals with our
own story and that is the basis of
Western religion certainly the basis of
Judaism and Christianity but it comes
even before there was Western religion
is my point that if something so deeply
buried in the human psyche that I think
it's a plant from God so reversing ant
ontogeny recapitulates phylogeny I like
to say philosophy recapitulates ontogeny
and there's a sentence you can't wrap
your tongue around you know it actually
is it's a wonderful point I noticed it
in the fiery angel that that some so
many of the things that are conducted to
us through Christianity were in the
classical world I mean I frequently
think of Plato and Aristotle as the
boyish of prophets you know that they
were before we had Jewish prophets or at
the same time we had Jewish prophets and
then really informed a lot of the
Christian culture that finally came to
us I mean and including Romans the
Romans multiculturalism the allowing
people and now you talk about being
prescriptive what what is it that you
want people to do what is the call to
action here well I wanted to get out and
read a book for God saying that's the
first thing I want them to do and I want
them to start with with Homer and
Aristotle which are great places to
start but I also want them to understand
the Western civilization isn't just
sitting in the Opera House the place I
spent many many happy hours of my life
and professional and personal capacity
but it's also understanding for example
there's a chapter on Beauty and the
Beast and we all know the fairy tale and
some of us read it in the Andrew Lang
blue fairy book and many of us saw the
Disney version of it but it has so much
deeper resonance than just the cartoon
or just what we think we know about it
so read that and then understand what
it's actually trying to tell us
I also spent some time in this book this
is the x-rated part of the book with the
Arabian Nights 1001 Arabian Nights as
translated unexpurgated Lee by Richard
Burton Sir Richard Burton and you will
be stunned have you ever tried this I
love the Arabian Nights I love at random
at random and you will find pornography
at on every page it is it is the the
sexual
dysfunction of the Muslim culture is so
spectacularly revealed in the pages of
what you think of as Ali Baba and the
Forty Thieves it's just amazing so I
picked three passages almost at random
to show you why Islam has such
difficulty integrating with the West
because our notions of the Equality of
the sexes are very Christian and come
from Aristotle and Aquinas to us but
Islam rejected that even though it
translated era spelled it didn't learn
the lessons of Aristotle and it's one of
the reasons these two cultures are so
antithetical and you know it is I love
the Thousand and One Nights but the
whole story is a woman telling stories
to keep from getting killed because the
guy kills his wife every night you know
yeah so if she breaks off right at the
good part I'm not going that's right
yeah wait so so is there anything you
talk about the culture coming under
assault but is there anything going on
that you like there are things that
aside from going back to the old operas
and the old plays anything on TV that
you're seeing that you enjoy well I
think it's a connection but what I'm
trying to get at here is that there's a
through line from all of these stories I
mean there's only you know a handful of
plots and Aristotle lays them out in the
in the poetics you know especially the
movie structure plot beginning middle
and end reversals of fortune everything
we know is screenwriters drew is in
Aristotle so what I want people to do is
let you know look at Breaking Bad for
God's sake it's like a five-year
Shakespearean tragedy right charting the
the downfall of a good man who turns
evil and many of the I'm watching the
walking dead at this point I don't know
why except that I feel like one of the
zombies and I'm waiting for something to
put me out of my misery but we do we
sort of admire the plucky band of Heroes
staving off this seething mass of POD
people I think these things resonate
throughout our culture and even in the
golden age of television which we're
living through now we have great writers
working on it we have great stories and
they're the same stories they're just
closed in different you know zombie
costumes that's not okay so so reading
the old stuff actually informs your
enjoyment of the new stuff I mean that
that
something that if you lived almost half
my life in Europe so I spend a lot of
time there and you go into the art
galleries and you see st. jerome and we
see st. catherine and you see whatever
in the in the paintings of the
Renaissance and Middle Ages and if you
don't understand the Bible
you don't understand anything about what
you're looking at in those pictures and
therefore you don't understand when
those characters come back as they do
constantly in contemporary fiction these
are archetypes and we now have been cut
off from our culture deliberately I
would argue and do argue so to make us
culturally illiterate in our own world
and then we could be taught to hate it
and that's what's going on right now
Michael Walsh the author of the fiery
angel art culture sex politics and the
struggle for the soul of the West
Michael it's good talking to you I don't
see enough hope to see you soon oh I'll
be back in LA sooner than you think the
drinks are on you Thanks looking forward
to that drink by the way all right we'll
do it
Thanks okay anytime all right there it
is nice to talk to him I'd you know I
used to bump into him all the time and
now I don't seem that much sexual
follies
I still cracks we have that thing is a
guy sex what now I want to be careful
about this this was in The New Yorker
and it's called seven signs that your
man's masculinity is non-toxic and it is
written by Karen she and Jason Adam
katzenstein and it's comedy they mean it
to be funny and I didn't think it was
that funny but at least but uh but the
thing about it is is I want to read it
because it doesn't sound like like a lot
of people mistook it and they thought it
was really the New Yorker telling you
how to make sure your man's masculinity
is non-toxic they didn't see it as
satire and I just find this really
fascinating so let's listen to it it
says one he carries a tote bag that's it
once pro-environment Pro feminism and
pro reading - when he goes into a sports
bar to use the bathroom he buys a glass
of white wine to be polite three he
openly cries during Pixar movies even
the parts that aren't sad just beautiful
that's one's pretty funny for he opens
doors for women at work but they're
metaphorical doors like the ones that
lead to promotions 5 he's let laughs
calmly when called a cock he laughs
loudly when women are funny he does not
laugh when men are not 6
he makes references to Kurt Vonnegut
because he's genuinely interested to
hear other people's opinions of
Vonnegut's work he never makes
references to David Foster Wallace and 7
he strictly follows all traffic laws
when he plays Grand Theft Auto
Sims world is a matriarchy he does not
have a Twitter account what struck me
about this though is first that it's so
easy it's so easy to look at it and
think it's serious I mean when I first
looked at it I thought oh my I'm gonna
really go off on this to bring this in
and then I thought well it's gotta be a
joke it's got to be but it's so easy
because it really does sound like
feminism it really does sound like fun
you know I've got a prettier you video
coming out I've already recorded that
they haven't finished it yet
Praeger you video coming out about why I
oppose feminism and it is because it is
because it mistakenly it mistakenly sees
Western masculinity as inherently toxic
and the thing that you know if this had
been real if you know he carries a tote
bag that is once pro-environment probe
reading I thought yeah you know you
better check his phone because he's
probably dating another guy you know
that's a problem but but then I thought
thought so I thought alright it's a joke
but then I thought well what is the joke
why why is it funny
who is it making fun of I mean it really
is in some sense making fun of the
feminists who do this they really do do
this I'm out I'm not even sure the New
Yorker understood what the joke was you
know because when you read this you
immediately say you know why are we
laughing why am i laughing when I'm
saying it you know he cry he openly
cries during Pixar movies even the parts
that are sad just beautiful be because
that's something that Kurt you know in
other words they're saying if in order
for your man to be non-toxic he would
have to be a woman isn't that basically
what they're saying and it's it's only
funny the only reason is funny is
because the feminists are really saying
this the feminists are really saying it
and it goes back to what I was saying
about Morgan Freeman I mean they just
defend Morgan for me I don't know what
he's like when you have never been
around the guy I don't know what he's
like but he is a terrific actor he's
been a wonderful presence he's been a
contribution contributor to our culture
and I think when you pick on guys for
just being guys and you know there is
this kind of edge to being a guy just
living as a guy I think that you are
doing serious damage
to a world that has been essentially
wonderful for women really the the West
Western civilization hey you know it
just occurred to me because we've had
this holiday I forgot to promote the
mailbag I you know so I've got it's
tomorrow that means that means that your
problems could be over tomorrow I mean
you know all the things that are
troubling you could be over tomorrow so
listen you've got to get your stuff in
here is how you do it you go onto the
daily wire.com you hit the podcast
button you hit the Andrew Klavan podcast
and there's a little mailbag symbol in
there and you press it and can ask me
anything you want ask me about your
personal life ask me about your
political views ask me about religious
stuff all my answers I mean this is a
good deal right you have to be a
subscriber so you have to be a
subscribers you got to pay the lousy ten
bucks a month but but look listen to the
steal all my answers are guaranteed
correct they are guaranteed 100% correct
and will change your life on occasion
for the better so
do not miss out on the mailbag that's
tomorrow I will be here and then I'm off
to New York to watch this poor girl
marry Michael Knowles I know I know it's
sad but life is not always happy you
know what can I tell you
I'm Andrew Clavin this is the Andrew
Clavin show the Andrew Clavin show is
produced by Robert Sterling executive
producer Jeremy boring senior producer
Jonathan hey our supervising producer is
Mathis Glover and our technical producer
is Austin Stevens edited by Emily J
audio is mixed by Mike kameena hair and
makeup is by Joshua alvera the Andrew
Klavan show is a daily wire for word
publishing production copyright for word
publishing 2018
