you saw this sixty minutes interview it
was superb and don't take my word for it
cuz obviously I'm a little biased I like
the president variety admitted this a
left-wing Hollywood publication variety
said quote sixty minutes outmatched by
Donald Trump here's a clip of him
talking to Lesley Stahl you go out and
you go to Mississippi
the famous Mississippi speech I had one
beer well you think it was it nope
that was one beer oh good how did you
get home I don't remember how'd you get
there I don't remember where is the
place I don't remember how many years
ago was it I don't know and you mimicked
professor Blasi Ford you mimicked her
had I not made that speech we would not
have won I was just saying she didn't
seem to know anything and you're trying
to destroy a life of a man who has been
extraordinary why did you have to make
fun of her I didn't really make fun they
were what I said is the person that
we're talking about didn't know the year
the time the place
professor Blasi Ford got before the
Senate and and was asked what's the
worst moment she said when the two boys
laughed at me at my expense and then I
watched you mimic her and thousands of
people were laughing at her they can do
what they tell you the way now justice
Cavanaugh was traded has become a big
factor in the midterms have you seen
what's gone on with the polls but did
you have to well I think she was treated
with great respect I'll be honest what
do you think there were those things you
shouldn't do you think you treated her
with great I think so yeah I did but you
seem to be saying that she lied well you
know what I'm not gonna get into it
because we won it doesn't matter we won
did you see there is so much in that
clip there actually it's not I mean it's
typical you know Trump bluster but there
is a lot of rhetoric to realize there
and it's all on this when you're
explaining you're losing so she brings
it up she says you mocked you made fun
of Christine Ford you know that lady who
changed her story a thousand times and
I discovered these 30 year old memories
after the fact at the 11th hour that you
know that lady you made fun of of
Christine Ford and so his first reaction
is now I didn't really make fun of her
so his first reaction is denial it's a
very New York thing deny till you die so
his first reaction is denial and then
she shows the clip and she goes on and
but you you you made fun of her why did
you make fun of her now what a less
skilled media operative or a less
skilled politician would have done there
is it I I didn't I didn't really make
fun of her I said hypothetically I just
pointed out you know that the testimony
and but I wasn't making fun of her I was
a violence
define the word fun and define making
and well it depends on what the
definition you know know what he does is
he realizes where this is going if it
were just one question they could move
on but he realizes that Lesley Stahl of
60 minutes is gonna try to nail him on
this point and just drill it until he
says something stupid they're gonna run
with that so what does he do he
immediately turns it to Cavanaugh he
says look the way Cavanaugh was treated
very he even takes that little beat you
can see it turn Cavanaugh was treated
very unfairly what they did to Cavanaugh
was so awful so he changes it he moves
the topic into a new direction and then
she says but I want to get back to
talking about how you made fun of her
didn't you didn't you make fun of her
and he says absolutely not no I didn't
do you notice the difference there at
first he said I didn't really make fun
of her - I did not make fun of her -
then she says no didn't show though and
he says I treated her with great respect
I think I treated her with great respect
with just within that answer now you
might say he is sort of contradict one
another they don't quite contradict one
another but you are seeing rhetorical
strategies change as he's getting where
this is going and he is fighting he is
punching right back he goes I think I
treated her respectfully yeah I think I
treated her respectfully and Lesley
Stahl still pushes it so she's just
there hectoring I'm just badgering him
and so finally he says well we won
doesn't really matter now does it
because we got him on the court so yeah
keep trying because we still on the
court and that that I think that really
shows you a lot about how we should
handle politics through the midterms and
afterward
