so I'm sure you heard the news out of
Ireland Ireland once a devoutly Catholic
country but no longer voted a few days
ago to repeal the amendment that
prohibits abortion in their country so
another way putting that is they voted
to remove human rights from unborn
children they voted to unperson unborn
people and it was a landslide 64 percent
in favor of killing children in Ireland
34 percent against twice as many for as
against and this was I believe basically
an exact reversal of what the ratio was
when the amendment was first passed
Ireland like the rest of the West
Ireland has been on a steep cultural
decline for many decades and it ends
here it ends in in in
absolutes moral relativism and nihilism
and bloodshed that's where it always
ends many most of the Western countries
had arrived at that point a long time
ago took it took Ireland longer because
Island was much more steeped in faith so
it took them longer to arrive at that
point and it's a very very sad day
especially for people like myself who
have Irish heritage it's a very sad
thing to witness and I think it's
interesting to note this is kind of a
separate conversation I'd only go to
sidetrack maybe I'll do a separate show
about this but it's interesting to note
that in Ireland there's been a very
steep decline in church attendance
that's that is correlated with all the
other with there with with the general
cultural descent and of course again a
car across the West this has been the
case that fewer and fewer people every
year are going to church certainly it's
been the case in our country but it's
been a very dramatic decline in Ireland
because if you go back 40 or 50 years
ago or even maybe even more recent than
that like 30 years ago you would find
that in Ireland basically everybody goes
to church right and now the vast
majority of people don't and it's no
coincidence people stopped going church
stopped practicing their faith like that
and then you have things like what
happened this weekend in Ireland and the
main reason I want to wanted to note
that is because it our country I often
will talk to Christians who will claim
that going to church doesn't matter and
it doesn't really matter if you go to
church or not it's not surprising at
that point of view is so prevalent
because church attendance is becoming a
rarity in America but so I talk to
Christians to say what's your go to
church doesn't matter if that's the case
that it doesn't matter
then why is it
that there is always a correlation
between a country losing its faith
and a country and the people in the
country not going to church anymore
why why is it that those things are
always connected people stop going to
church and the faith to a decline in
church attendance always coincides with
a decline in faith always there is not
one single example in the entire world
of a country where the people stopped
going to church but the faith remained
strong not one single example why is
that
why is it that in every country or
people stop going to church the faith is
suffering enormous ly
it's kind of interesting isn't I mean it
would seem it would almost seem that
going to church is a really important
thing actually practicing your faith
that way collectively together is
extremely important and when you stop
doing that everything else falls apart
that's how it would seem unless you can
point to an example just give me one
example just one one country where the
faith is very strong and people are on
fire with the faith in their country and
culturally the country looks exactly as
you would expect it to look it's not
legal to kill babies you know gay
marriages it doesn't exist families are
strong marriages are strong the faith is
strong but people don't go to church
give me one example of that just one
so anyway people were jubilant in
Ireland the streets were filled with
tearful happy people who are overcome
with joy because they can kill babies
now abortion will be legal up until 12
weeks and after that abortions will only
be legal where the health of the mother
is at risk but you have to look at the
fine print there because health of the
mother includes mental health so if the
mental health of the mother is at risk
then you can get abortions after 12
weeks as well which means that abortion
is effectively legal after 12 weeks also
because mental health is a is a
qualifier that can justify literally any
abortion because any woman can say well
my mental health will suffer if I have
this baby and there's no way to disprove
that whatsoever so you know abortion is
legal up till 12 weeks and beyond in
Ireland now I wanted to read a little
bit from
just because I think it's very revealing
so and it's also revolting I'm just
warning you but order to read a little
bit from the CNN report on this scene in
Dublin after the after the the the
results of the of the vote were
announced so it says
it was a scene of jubilation as some
supporters burst into tears others began
laughing as they hugged one another and
asked each other can you believe we did
this
Emma Gallagher 22 began crying as she
heard the final results I feel safe now
I feel comfortable she told CNN it felt
for a long time women didn't matter now
we know that we matter except for women
who females in the womb you know they
don't matter but Renee Wogan 66 held
Gallagher's hand and told her it was all
for justice you're forwarding the flag
for all women thousands of people packed
the square in front of Dublin Castle as
abortion rights politicians including
the Irish prime minister also joined the
celebration he told Sky TV he expected
legislation to be voted through by the
end of the year
another woman says I feel enormous
relief and great pride in the people of
Ireland who didn't who didn't know what
they thought about it until they were
finally asked the question there's been
a long and very hard road but we never
lost sight of this because it's so
central to the existence and the
selfhood and the personhood of women to
have that control over our bodies
killing babies is central think about
that
killing babies is central to the
existence of women
think about that state
abortion is central to the existence of
women and it's the only way that they
can have selfhood and purse they a court
according to this person abortion women
cannot even have a self
they can't even have cell phone they
cannot even be a self without without
the ability to kill babies
and not just kill babies but kill their
own children
a competition you see in the minds of
pro Boortz it's like there's a
competition there's this eternal
struggle between women and their
offspring
and women in Ireland just won the
competition
now as I said it was in reality a sad
sad day for for Ireland and Irish people
and I assure you of this that history
will look back on scenes like the one I
just described though they will look
back in scorn and contempt and ridicule
and they will judge us swiftly and
harshly and fairly for our sick
enthusiasm for killing babies and and
the other thing is when when history
looks back on our country in America or
Ireland or anywhere else in the west
where this goes on there's not gonna be
any nuance to their judgments it's just
like when we look back on slave owners
we don't make any attempt to understand
their position with nuance or to you
know understand in context or whatever
we don't do that we look back on slavery
and slave owners and we wait so it was
we say it was it was a terrible debased
evil and these were all evil people and
that's it
and that's how they will live for the
entirety of the rest of the human race
or that's how they'll exist in our minds
right and that's what people will do in
yep later on when history looks back on
this era the abortion era if for one
thing abortion will be the thing that
defines us nothing else just like
slavery defined that era abortion is
what defines us
and nobody's gonna take the time to
understand it in context or anything or
understand it with nuance they're just
going to write off our entire era our
entire civilization as a bunch of
bloodthirsty self worshiping baby
killing Psychopaths
and they won't be wrong
they will not be incorrect and we will
deserve their judgments
what this story and and the enthusiasm
and celebration that surrounds it it
does illustrate one important thing that
the pro-abortion left despite what they
may claim the pro-abortion left they do
not see abortion as a necessary evil
okay it is it is to them it is it's not
a sad thing that is sometimes necessary
they may claim that nobody likes
abortion nobody is pro-abortion every
time I use the phrase pro-abortion I
have pro-abortion people who say well
nobody's pro-abortion what are you
talking about nobody's nobody's in favor
of abortion it's just that sometimes
it's necessary we need to have that
right for women and the unfortunate
situation the tragic situation where
it's necessary we need to have it
available to them
but that's simply not the case just look
at the jubilation and the tears and the
just
ecstasy of these people in Ireland
they love abortion they are happy when
babies die they are happy about it
if you tell them in America you know 60
million abortion 60 million babies are
dead hey they're happy about
the people like this the kinds of people
that were in the street in Ireland
crying tears of joy
they're happy about racking up those
numbers
they love abortion it is not a necessary
evil it is in their minds a necessary
good
if it were otherwise okay if they were
really just pro-choice and not
pro-abortion and if they just thought
that will a woman has to have this
choice but it's really unfortunate when
the choice needs to be exercised then
there wouldn't be all of this
celebration the response to this vote in
Ireland would be somber and muted and
restrained they wouldn't be throwing a
parade in crying tears of joy because
they would recognize that even in their
minds no from this perspective they
would say to themselves
okay well it's good that women have this
right this nest is necessary right but
it is going to result in it you know in
a lot of bloodshed and that's a very sad
unfortunate thing it in their minds it
may be a necessary thing but it's very
sad and so that's how they would react
or they would not be crying tears of joy
and saying we did it we did it yes and
throwing their their arms up in the sky
and just yes babies are dying array they
wouldn't be doing
they do that I mean it's very simple but
when you see people celebrating and
crying tears of joy in the street
and you find out that they're doing this
because abortion is legal they love
abortion they are so pro-abortion I mean
they are more prone than they are Pro
anything else it's the thing that they
are most in favor of in life
it's important for us to understand that
the pro-abortion left is is led by
people like this
this is what you find on the
pro-abortion left leading the way are a
bunch of people who really do love
abortion it's their high sacrament they
revere it they bow before it they have a
it is a high holy beautiful thing to
them and they have they really have a
reverence for it and they approach it
with a satanic enthusiasm it's the only
thing I could really can compare the
enthusiasm to is uh is you know when
I've read about I've read a couple of
very fascinating books about the Aztecs
and especially Cortes and the Spanish
conquistadors and their how they how
they conquered the Aztec people which
was a great a great moment for it for
human history and a great victory that I
still thank God for that the Aztec
civilization was destroyed because it
need to be needed to be destroyed it was
the Aztec civilization was easily the
most satanic civilization that has ever
existed the most evil twisted satanic
perverted depraved bloodthirsty
civilization has ever existed on the
face of the planet and I would probably
include even I put it even below the
Nazis or above that it went you know
however were phrasing that but the human
sacrifice that went on in the Aztec
civilization was just beyond anything
you can imagine
tens of thousands and there weren't that
many people you know we're talking about
a few million people probably so this
this is tens of thousands of humans
often children were slaughtered in human
sacrifices every single year and there
were cases there was one case one
instance where a new temple was built
and to kind of coronate this temple they
sacrificed tens of thousands of I think
was something like 80,000 people in a
span of a couple of days
they sacrificed on on this temple to
baptize it in the blood of these
sacrifices
and the way that they did these these
sacrifices as they would take usually
these were you know prisoners that they
caught slaves they also demanded
tributes to be paid by all of the all
the different tribes that they had
conquered and subjugated they demanded
these tribes provided tributes of human
sacrifices on a you know on a regular
basis to keep things going and which is
one of the reasons why when Horton
Cortez came he had no problem enlisting
other Indian tribes to help him defeat
the Aztecs because they had all been
enslaved by this barbaric horrific
civilization of of bloodthirsty
cannibals so anyway they would bring the
the the sacrifices up to the top of the
temple they would lay them on a slab and
the high priest would cut open while the
person is still alive they would cut
open the person and rip their beating
heart out of their chest and then they
would push the the dead bodies down the
temple steps and the winged limbs would
be hacked up and eaten at the bottom of
the steps okay this is what this is what
went on
among the Aztecs there was this real and
Cortez himself is one of the ways we
know about this is when the Europeans
witnessed this stuff going on you know
and it was just unlike anything they'd
ever seen or could conceive of
but there was this like they went into
this trance they went into this real
this demonic trance this almost orgasmic
ecstasy that they had when they were
killing and devouring people
and the reason I bring that up is
that's the only thing I can think to
compare the scene in Ireland with people
in the streets again this almost
orgasmic ecstasy
over
the mass slaughter of babies it's the
only thing historically that I can think
the comparative
you
so and those are the people like the
height like the Aztec high priests who
just love abortion and they really see
it as a just it's it's it is like a
sacrifice to their satanic gods and it
we must do this we must kill these
babies they are they're the ones who are
leading the way
not just among on the pro-abortion left
but on the left generally and of course
to distinguish pro-abortion left from
the other kind of left that doesn't make
any sense because there is no other kind
of left the left is pro-abortion
you know and you can't be on the left if
you're not pro-abortion so they're the
ones leading the way and then at at kind
of the lower level you have sort of the
mass of pro-abortion people the majority
of pro-abortion people and they perhaps
don't have the same kind of enthusiasm
they're not going out into the streets
and crying tears of joy about it but
they also neither do they have anything
approaching somber restraint they are
empty and numb they see the sacrifice of
human children as necessary and good
though they still get a certain kind of
queasy feeling in their stomach about it
sometimes but then they feel guilty for
having that feeling and they try to
suppress it
but they are pro-abortion they they are
they are not restrained about it and
they really are not sad about they don't
see it as a sad thing
and these two groups the bloodthirsty
abortion enthusiast and the admiring
abortion supporter they comprise the
majority of the pro-abortion left now
way way way out on the fringes you have
a few people who really do hold to the
pro-choice but not pro-abortion mantra
in that they really don't like abortion
and they find it detestable personally
but they just can't bring themselves to
call for its probe for its prohibition
because they've been so brainwashed and
indoctrinated but they you know they
really do acknowledge within themselves
this is a sad and terrible thing but
because they've been brainwashed they
think that oh it's it's necessary for
some reason those people
the people like that it's a dwindling
minority of people but there is there's
there's definitely hope for them they
have a heart still they have a
conscience and so you can reach out to
them and connect with them
there is a there's a
there's some kind of common ground
because you both acknowledge that
abortion is a sad and terrible thing
it's just a matter of where do you go
from there right so those people it's
not too difficult to connect with them
and to bring them over to bring them
bring them into the light but the rest
the kinds of people who are you know
just so ecstatic and enthusiastic about
abortion
well they they need a miracle
they need prayer
they can't be reasoned with
okay you can't argue with them
only the Holy Spirit can change their
minds by changing their hearts
if God decides to hand them over to
their depraved passions then that's
where they're going to stay
and we may have to figure out some other
way to oppose them because there beyond
the reaches of debate or argument the
people like that
you know like I said it ordered a reason
with someone and to convince them you
have to be able to connect with them on
some level
and if you're dealing with someone who
is
whose eyes are welling up with tears of
joy over the thought of dead children
and if you're dealing with someone who
thinks that the very existence of women
is it hinges on the ability to kill
their own children well someone like
that you know you you can't connect with
them on any level at all
they barely have any kind of human
conscience anymore
so we have to pray for them
very very hard
and find you know we have to go and look
and find any of the straggle or is any
any of the remaining quote unquote
pro-choice people who still have a
conscience and and do recognize in their
hearts that this is evil we've got to
find them first and enlist them because
they can be reached
then once we're left only with the with
the with the people with the satanic
enthusiasm for killing babies well then
we have to decide where to go from there
but it's a sad day for the world and so
let's pray for Ireland and for the West
and for our souls
and for these children the many many
children who will now die because of
this
the
watching everyone thanks for listening
Godspeed
you
