one of the things that that you know to
bring some of this full circle one of
the things that is clearly happened is
the level of polarization in politics is
leading to an enormous amount of anger
and that's leading to an enormous amount
of reactivity and I think that's so
uncomfortable so unpleasant it is
unnecessary to in the level of just I
mean if you you have a huge following on
Twitter but you don't spend an awful lot
of time on Twitter it's so dangerous
it's so scary for me to say anything cuz
it just uses computer that's exactly
right it feels like there's a swarm that
just was mom you know I wrote that book
on narcissism the the mirror effect and
I wanted to put an entire chapter
actually wrote most of it about other
periods of history where narcissism had
emerged so prominently and and every
time I was looking at pre-revolutionary
France times like that and when you see
a lot of narcissism a lot of childhood
trauma that a lot of narcissism and
again that's because of are destroyed
family we have lots of traumatized kids
you see mob mobs develop so are you
concerned that that's what's gonna
happen next
it is it social media is mob behavior
it's happening now they don't that
breaks out anywhere furthers that
restrict itself to social media we've
had a few little outbursts we you know I
don't think you're gonna snow I don't
think it's gonna be big mobs and I think
I think I feel like we're on the
backside of some of it a little bit in
something doesn't feel like it's calming
down I think that what one of the things
that's happened is that the the mob
mentality has become so obviously tribal
that people are now rebelling against
the tribalism it's become so extreme
yeah that there's there's this push
against it so I see that mostly in the
reaction to identity politics so I see
that there are a lot of people right now
where if you state a fact people will
immediately accuse you of being a sexist
racist bigoted homophobic you say for
example that these statistics that are
usually cited about the wage gap are
just plain wrong or if you suggest that
there are biological differences between
men and women because there are
biological differences between men and
women obviously every doctor ever has to
diagnose somebody I mean that's why the
way of gynecologist there's no
difference it's so absurd I mean I was
hearing from a doctor friend of mine
that there was a transgender person who
came in and the hospital had been
instructed that instead of that person
writing down their biological sex on
their form they should instead write
down their gender they should read their
perceived biological sex that perceived
gender and so the person came in and if
they had not done it they were
complaining of lower stomach pain well I
mean you're going to
wildly different diagnosis based on
whether that is man or a woman if it's
lower stomach pain and yet if you say so
much is that there are a bunch of people
who are willing to come down on you and
just just right I don't understand why
we can't say that there are populations
that have been ill served because of
science or because of lack of
sensitivity to certain things and now
let's talk about the science and and
let's hope that and let's state upfront
that we don't want that science to be
used to marginalize or condemn or it be
used improperly to hurt other people but
let's just discuss the science how else
do we treat create equality unless we
understand the differences that it's
it's I mean Lincoln Lincoln said it he
said he goes because we're not equal in
all respects he said it me Lincoln
Douglas repaid debates but it's about
creating a level playing field an
environment where everybody has equal
opportunity equal probability of success
probabilities at least right to success
everybody has it is an equal there no
bars in the way in other words I would I
would say even if we can you know if we
know the differences and some people
needle to help or something we can talk
about helping it if there's a biological
difference that we can discuss there a
scientific phenomenon that is relevant
to helping one group out versus another
or keeping another group alright
whatever it is let's just discuss the
science because if we can't discuss the
science we're not in reality
