with me now host of the Michel Noel's
show on The Daily wire Michel Noel's
Michael good to see you Liz good to see
you
alright this created so many headlines
so so many headlines yesterday Michael
as you saw a report of a man who talked
to the Pope told the Pope he struggled
with same-sex attraction homosexuality
he then told the media that the Pope
said it's okay to be gay God made you
that way and he loves you why did the
liberal media go crazy about this this
is traditional Catholic doctrine well
because they don't know anything about
traditional Catholic doctrines so they
attack not Christianity or Catholicism
but just some caricature of Christianity
or Catholicism
there's nothing shocking or
revolutionary about saying that God
loves you except for the first time that
that was said except when the God
incarnate brought that message 2,000
years ago now I will say this same man
they love Pope Francis they misquote him
all the time they turn him into this
left-wing social justice warrior when it
suits their purposes but this is the
same man who when he was Cardinal in
Argentina called the political fight to
redefine marriage and include same-sex
unions a machination of the father of
lies who seeks to deceive and confuse
the children of God it's funny how the
history media they don't report that one
they report the Pope saying that God
loves you no matter how you are and they
construe that to say all the Catholic
Church is going to change 2000 years of
doctrine
I think it's because they don't report
on that part because I don't think they
can pronounce the word machination
that's their issue here so let's get
this straight
this very clear so Catholic doctrine
like you said 2,000 years it has not
changed their doctrine on homosexuality
they never say that feeling attraction
to somebody of the same sex as a sin
that is not what is defined as a sin
that is what the media that is what the
liberal narrative is that is not what
the Catholic Church says the Catholic
Church says that that sex outside of the
marital covenant is a sin and that
marriage is between one man and one
woman that's in and of itself that
philosophy that doctrine does exclude
gay marriage does exclude homosexual sex
it does not at any point condemn the
individual feeling those feelings of
attraction the church has made a huge
error in my opinion in the last you know
probably thousand
years and how we have treated gay and
lesbian people but never has it been
doctrinally condemning those people well
you know the culture right now is
obsessed with sex and with marriage
everybody is talking about it from that
which bathroom people can use to
redefining marriage and so the church is
obviously dealing with these issues as
well Jesus Christ speaks explicitly on
very few practical matters what could be
called political issues in the Gospels
but he does speak explicitly about
marriage which is why the church cannot
change its position on marriage over
time and I must say because the media
totally misrepresent pop Francis but the
Holy Father does seem to allow the media
to misrepresent him he will speak with
reporters who are hostile to the
Catholic Church who are atheists who are
left-wing he spoke to one from La
Repubblica AO jennie-o skull fari
and that reporter then goes and says the
Pope said hell doesn't exist or the Pope
said yada yada yada and he seems to keep
putting himself in that situation he
seems not to answer some of the
questions that a more conservative
Catholics have asked about his apostolic
exhortation of maurice Letizia or
certain comments he's made about
marriage whether Catholics can now
divorced and remarried Catholics can
receive the Eucharist he's allowing this
confusion to exist and it is creating
chaos within the Catholic Church I think
that is the appropriate place to
question what the Holy Father is done
but the the mainstream media are having
their own entirely different sideshow
about Pope Francis that does not comport
with reality
