president from six the DOJ on the FBI
left his cry foul and did the Pope just
actually shift Catholic policy on
homosexuality we'll talk about all of it
I'm Ben Shapiro this is the Ben Shapiro
show
oh yes and I am so happy to be back I
had a wonderful three-day weekend
because it was the Jewish holiday of
Shavuot which meant that I was barred
from electronics and couldn't travel and
all that which minute I get spend time
with my family and read which are my two
favorite things in the world so I'm in a
very good mood and then I checked the
news last night and I'm in less of a
good mood so we'll talk about why I'm in
less good after checking all of the news
last night I do want to remind everybody
by the way that we do have upcoming
events happening in Dallas and Phoenix
those are coming up in August and you
can go to Daley wired.com slash events
if you want to get tickets for that
we're nearly sold out I believe in both
places where we're approaching sellout
proportions certainly in both places
right now it's only been open to the
general public for a couple of days here
so you got a rush to get those tickets
in right now Dallas and Phoenix coming
up in August check it out daily wire.com
slash events also I want to say thanks
to our sponsors over at Birch gold so
right now the economy is doing really
well the dollar is quite strong but that
means in some cases that the only place
to go is down which is one of the
reasons that you least want to hedge
your bets with some precious metal so
I'm not saying take all your money out
of the stock market and start buying
gold and storing it in your attic what I
am saying is that if you haven't hedged
at any of your bets with precious metals
you're making somewhat of a mistake and
this is why you should talk to my
friends over at Birch gold group they
have a long-standing track record of
continued success with thousands of
satisfied clients countless five-star
reviews and an A+ rating with the Better
Business Bureau right now you can
contact Birch gold to request a free
information kit on physical precious
metals the comprehensive 16 page kit
reveals how gold and silver can protect
your savings how you can legally move
your IRA or 401k out of stocks and bonds
and into a precious metals IRA if so you
choose to get that no-cost no-obligation
kit all you have to do is go to
birchgold.com slash Ben
that is birchgold.com slash Ben again
you owe it to yourself to have at least
a little bit of your money in precious
metals to protect against inflation to
protect against all the sorts of
volatility in the market to protect
against foreign policy shocks and all
the rest birchgold.com slash Ben gets
you your information once you've asked
all your information and you've gotten
all of your information then you can
think about investing go to
birchgold.com slash bend those are the
folks that I trust all righty so the big
news of course is this blow-up between
President Trump and the FBI so President
Trump over the weekend tweeted out that
the FBI had been surveilling his
campaign during the campaign based on
stories that broke late last week from
the New York Times that there were
an informant who'd been working within
the Trump campaign to bring information
about supposed collusion between members
of the Trump campaign and Russia and
Trump pointed back to his tweet early in
2016 in which he said that he was
wiretapped at Trump Tower now Trump
himself was not wired tapped at Trump
Tower however he did alleged that he was
surveilled during the campaign it's not
clear that Trump personally was
surveilled during the campaign but there
were members of his campaign who are
surveilled during the campaign so the
reason that I want to clarify all of
this is because what you're hearing from
both left and right I think are
over-broad versions of the stories that
are that are actually worth telling so
from the right what you're hearing is
there was a deep conspiracy a deep state
conspiracy to get President Trump from
the point when it wasn't even clear
there's gonna be the nominee all the way
back in March 2016 the FBI was going
after Trump's campaign trying to sink
him from the inside can well go through
the evidence for that and demonstrate
what's true about that and what is not
sure about that what you're hearing from
the left is Trump obviously colluded
with Russia the members of the Trump
team are in bed with Vladimir Putin and
Putin was actually calling the shots
from the Kremlin and he was deciding how
exactly Trump should campaign he was
deciding how the campaign would go so
everything was totally aboveboard by the
FBI okay so we're gonna go through all
of the evidence here and we're gonna
discuss what is real and what is not
here is what happened over the last 24
hours so according to the New York Times
the White House chief of staff ashes
Washington Post rather White House chief
of staff John Kelly plans to convene a
meeting between top law enforcement and
intelligence officials and GOP national
leaders to quote-unquote
review highly classified and other
information the lawmakers have requested
about the FBI's use of a confidential
source to aid an investigation of the
Trump campaign a White House spokeswoman
said Monday President Trump met for an
hour Monday with Deputy Attorney General
Rod Rosenstein FBI director Christopher
ray and Director of National
Intelligence Stan coats the meeting came
a day after the DOJ asked its Inspector
General to investigate Trump's claim
that his campaign may have been
infiltrated by the FBI source for
political purposes and amid continued
demands from GOP lawmakers that the
department produced materials on the
person White House press secretary Sarah
Huckabee Sanders said that in a meeting
it was agreed that White House chief of
staff Kelly will immediately set up a
meeting with other FBI DOJ and DNI
together with congressional leaders to
review highly classified and other
information they have requested the
significance of that was not immediately
clear do
leaders have fought vigorously against
revealing to Congress materials on the
source they say that if they reveal who
the informant was that will leak to the
press the press basically has already
come up with who the informant was it
has not been fully confirmed yet so I'm
not gonna mention the name of the
informant on the show but it's pretty
obvious who this informant was through
basic Google searches you can get the
person's name it was not clear whether
they'd back down from their position and
would not allow it would now allow GOP
leaders to look at the documents or
whether there would simply be a
follow-up meeting for more discussion so
according to Republicans there have been
two big boo-boos and these two big
boo-boos demonstrate ill-will toward the
Trump campaign and demonstrate that the
Obama run FBI was actually attempting to
get Trump all the way back during the
Republican primaries so these two
boo-boos supposedly were the use of an
informant to go after George papadopolis
and to go after Carter Page to trump
foreign policy aides Papadopoulos had
met in I believe April in London with a
Russian cutout who was a professor in
London who had close ties with the
Russians and who had suggested that the
Russian government could get information
about Hillary Clinton's emails to the
Trump campaign Papadopoulos had run that
up the chain nothing had happened
because of it
but Papadopoulos obviously we he was
apparently bragging about it in front of
the Australian ambassador to the
Australian ambassador called the FBI the
FBI decided to put an informant on
Papadopoulos is sort of how the timeline
there goes the implication here by
Republicans is that all of that was
useless not only useless
counterproductive not only
counterproductive politically motivated
that a Papadopoulos had been working for
Hillary Clinton nobody would have even
attempted such a thing okay that is
claimed number one claim number two is
that the Carter page FISA warrant which
was gotten late in the year is like
September 2016 the Carter page FISA
warrant was ill-gotten that it was
gotten on the basis of the seal dossier
now you recall the steel dossier I know
this all gets complicated but I'm trying
to break it down the steel dossier as
you recall was a was originally a
dossier funded by the Washington free
beacon that was supposed to uncover
Apple research about President Trump the
Washington free beacon was working
through a firm called fusion GPS before
Christopher Steele a British spy signed
on the Washington free beacon dropped
all this and they said we're not
interested in doing this anymore and so
the fusion GPS group went and got
Hillary Clinton's campaign to fund it at
that point Christopher Steele is a
British spy signed on and provided all
of this information about Trump some of
it surely
some of it likely Falls some of it may
be true about Trump and Russia okay and
Christopher Steele's dossier was
supposedly used as the basis for the
FISA warrant against Carter page no
Carter page had been again a low-level
foreign policy adviser to the Trump
campaign since 2013 Carter page had been
in the eye of the intelligence community
people in the intelligence community
were afraid that maybe he was a Russian
spy he'd been going around basically
soliciting money from the Russians
apparently allegedly and so they looked
at this and they said okay well let's
let's get a wiretap on Carter page let's
go out and let's get all the information
on Carter page
the the accusation being made by
representative Devin Nunez at the House
Intelligence Committee he's the chairman
of the House Intelligence Committee that
the Carter Page FISA warrant was
basically trumped up by Democrats in
order to get the Trump campaign so there
are two claims two separate claims about
two separate people that say that the
Trump campaign was targeted and ill in
ill-conceived fashion in corrupt fashion
one was the FISA warrant on Connor page
which comes about later in 2016 and one
is the earlier use of an informant
against George papadopolis and maybe
Carter page as well at the time okay
with all of that in mind President Trump
calls the DOJ on the carpet and he says
guys I need you to investigate what is
going on with the FBI you need to tell
me what's going on were they in fact
targeting me now the New York Times of
course has the New York Times has
suggested that even by Trump going to
his own DOJ and asking for an
investigation that this is obstruction
nonsense okay the President of the
United States has plenary power over the
executive branch the executive branch
includes the FBI and the DOJ if the
President of the United States wants to
meet with his DOJ and order them to
investigate something he certainly can
do that what he can't do maybe is tell
them what outcome to come up with an
investigation so he can actually tell
the DOJ to drop an investigation that is
within his legal power he can also fire
people from inside the DOJ could fire
James Comey at the FBI all of that is
within his legal power what could look
like obstruction of justice criminal
obstruction of justice is if President
Trump were to come forward and to say
something like I know that you're about
to find me guilty of obstruction or
you're about to indict me on obstruction
i order you to clear me on obstruction
instead right that he cannot do but
anything else he can pretty much do so
the New York Times is whining about this
Charlie Savage the New York Times says
when President Trump publicly demanded
that the DOJ open an investigation into
the
scrutiny of his campaign contacts with
Russia he inched further toward
breaching an established constraint on
executive power the White House does not
make decisions about individual law
enforcement investigations okay well
yeah not so much it was pretty obvious
from the outset of the Hillary
investigation that Barack Obama was
never going to allow the DOJ to actually
prosecute Hillary Clinton he said that
he wasn't going to interfere but her had
a Lynch said she wasn't going to
interfere and then she was meeting on
the tarmac with Bill Clinton in the
middle of the investigation Barack Obama
was going on national television saying
he didn't see any evidence that Hillary
ought to be indicted none of this spoke
to the independence of the DOJ Eric
Holder was calling Barack Obama you know
he was saying he was Barack Obama's
wingman during his actual service as
Attorney General on the DOJ so the idea
that the DOJ is a completely independent
agency has no basis in law or fact
nonetheless the New York Times says that
Trump is doing something unprecedented
Rebecca Roy he is a professor at New
York law school who helped write a
coming scholarly article on the limits
of presidential control over the Justice
Department she says it's an incredible
historical moment mr. Trump's move is
the culmination of a lot of moments in
which he has chipped away at
prosecutorial independence but this is a
direct assault it is not a direct
assault there's nothing new about the
president calling the DOJ in and saying
I want you to investigate X Y or Z he is
allowed to do that as an executive
branch agency is not an independent
agency the US government does not have
independent agencies there are agencies
that are under the legislative auspices
there alleges their their their agencies
that are under the judicial auspices and
there are agencies that are under the
executive auspices the DOJ is a
constitutional position filled by the
President of the United States he has
complete power over the DOJ nonetheless
the New York Times is very upset about
this they say almost since he took
office mr. Trump has battered his
Justice Department's independence
indirectly lamenting its failure to
reopen a criminal investigation of
Hillary Clinton that found no wrongdoing
and openly complaining that Attorney
General Jeff Sessions recused himself
from the Russia inquiry but he had also
acknowledged that his president I'm not
supposed to be involved with the Justice
Department as part of that pattern he
has also denied the account by James
Comey an FBI director he abruptly fired
and the president privately urged him to
drop an investigation into Michael Flynn
Trump's first national security adviser
now here it is important to recognize a
distinction my Trump is not telling
anybody to drop the Muller investigation
he is not telling rod Rosenstein to
actually fire James Comey I mean to
actually fire
Robert Muller he's not telling anybody
shut down the SDN why investigation into
Michael Kohn he's saying open an
additional investigation into something
I find corrupt this is utterly and
completely within his power hey he is
allowed to do this there's no question
he's allowed to do this so it is not
obstruction for Trump to meet with his
own Department of Justice so that's
number one
number two it's not obstruction for
Trump to actually order the DOJ to
investigate the FBI's 2016 conduct this
is not the same investigation as I say
as the Muller investigation he's not
interfering in that he's not interfering
into the SDN why investigation into
Michael Kohn the Southern District of
New York investigation into his personal
attorney Michael Kohn okay so for all
the talk about this is Trump muddying
the waters interfering doing something
no okay all of this is perfectly allowed
now I will tell you where I think that
my feelings about the the kind of
conservative narrative here are
different than you might hear from some
other conservative commentators but
first I want to say thanks to our
sponsors over at filter by so when's the
last time you check the filters in your
central air system
I know sexy right you go home you kick
off your shoes and you're dreaming about
those filters in your central air system
well the reality is you haven't thought
about the filters in your central air
system for the last 15 years which means
you are now breathing dunk okay you have
not thought about those filters and when
you open up those filters you will see
that they are filled with dust and yuck
and that is why you need to go over to
filter by hey you're not only
aggravating your health you might
actually be destroying your HVAC system
leading to thousands of bucks and
repairs so stop procrastinating and
visit my friends over at filter by
America's leading provider of HVAC
filters for homes and small businesses
they carry over 600 different filter
sizes even custom ones all shipped for
free within 24 hours plus they are
manufactured right here in the United
States filter by offers a multitude of
em ERV options all the way up to
hospital grade check your system
specifications so you can pick the right
option maximize efficiency and elevate
the quality of the air that you breathe
you can set up auto delivery as well so
you don't have to think about air
filters ever again you never have to sit
up late at night thinking about your air
filters they just arrive at your house
plus you save 5% save money save time
and breathe better with filter by comm
we use it at the daily wire offices we
use it at the Shapiro household filter
by comm filter bu Y comm go check them
out filter by comm make sure that the
air that you are breathing is clean okay
so I'm there so again it is within
Trump's purview to talk to the DOJ about
this it's within Trump's purview to
launch an investigation
and in fact I'm not saying there's no
grounds to launch the investigation it's
possible there are grounds another
former Trump campaign aide named a
Michael Caputo he came forward he said
that another informant approached me
saying that there was one the reports
are there is one informants that
approached the the approached Carter
Page and George papadopolis now they're
saying there's a second informant that
approached Michael Caputo during the
campaign let me tell you something that
I know for a fact the this informant
this person that they planted tried to
plant into the campaign and even into
the administration if you believe Axios
he's not the only person that came at
the campaign and the FBI is not the only
Obama agency that came at the campaign I
know because they came at me and I'm
looking for clearance to my attorney to
reveal this to the public this is just
the beginning okay so if it turns out
that pretty much everyone in the Trump
campaign whether or not they were
involved in suspicious contact was being
targeted by informants then it starts to
look a lot more like the conspiracy
theory is true that the Obama FBI was
targeting the Trump campaign in the very
early stages Mike Pence is saying that
Trump is very grateful the DOJ is
looking into surveillance make sense the
president I think is grateful that the
Department of Justice is going to have
the Inspector General look into it and
determine and ensure that there was no
surveillance done for political purposes
against our campaign I think it would be
very troubling to millions of Americans
that that took place but we're very
confident and that as the Inspector
General has been doing their work
looking at the conduct of the FBI during
that period that by adding their focus
to this that we'll get to the bottom of
it because the American people have a
right to know now if there was in fact a
politically motivated attempt to take
out the Trump campaign by the Obama FBI
that is in fact worse than Watergate
remember the Watergate scandal what
involved members of the Nixon campaign
not not the government members of the
Nixon campaign who broke into the
Watergate Hotel in an attempt to get
information to bug George McGovern's
campaign in 1972 and then there was a
subsequent cover-up what we're talking
about here is the use of American
government officials to go into the
Trump campaign and destroy the Trump
campaign so it's a significantly worse
than Watergate
the accusations that are being made
right now and it's no wonder that so
many top Republican officials who
suspect that this is the case are very
upset over it and there would be
prosecution's over it and people would
go to jail over it hey so Devin Nunez as
I say the House Intelligence Committee
chairman he comes forward he says listen
there's a red line here okay if the DOJ
or the FBI funded a spy inside the Trump
campaign then what we're talking about
is certainly an area where people would
have to go to jail but we don't have any
documents we can't confirm whether
there's an informant or not an informant
because we've never been told or nor
given documents and in fact we've never
even asked for the name of any
informants or any sources whatsoever so
if any of that is true if they ran a spy
ring or an informant ring and they were
paying people within the Trump campaign
if any of that is true that is an
absolute redline okay and these are like
really serious accusations we're not
talking about the full politicization of
our law enforcement agencies in a
serious way Jonathan Turley who's a
lawyer at George Washington University
he says look Trump was pretty right when
he said that he was surveilled what I
think is being a case of willful
blindness here is that we have
confirmation that Trump apparently was
correct when he said over a year ago
that he had people in his campaign they
were under surveillance and it turns out
that it was much broader than we thought
even though people like clapper and
others in the Obama administration
denied it it does appear to be a
surveillance program it does appear to
be an investigation so that means that
the serious question here is even if the
FBI was putting informants in into the
Trump campaign the question is was the
investigation legit from the beginning
this is really the key question the key
question is not whether the FBI put an
informant against somebody in the Trump
campaign the question is was that
justified now here is the case that it
was justified okay I'm just playing
devil's advocate here here is the case
that it was justified and I think this
is not a terrible case
okay the case that it was justified is
that George papadopolis again met with a
Russian cutout in London and then
bragged about meeting with the Russian
cutout in London to the Australian
ambassador that would be suspicious if
that had happened inside Hillary
Clinton's campaign Republicans would
have wanted the FBI to investigate hey
Donald Trump jr. had a meeting at Trump
Tower with a Russian cutout who's
promising information about Hillary
Clinton if that have been Chelsea
Clinton me
at the Clinton Foundation with a Russian
proxy say made information about Trump
you would want that investigated Carter
Paige had a long-standing relationship
with the Russian government apparently
Paul Manafort had a long-standing
relationship with the Russian government
Michael Flynn the incoming national
security adviser had been paid by Russia
today which is a Russian propaganda
outlet and in sat next to Vladimir Putin
hey if any of this had happened under
Barack Obama or under Hillary Clinton
people on the right would have said that
this deserved to be investigated so that
becomes a question the question was did
the FBI have decent grounds for looking
into this stuff because the question is
not whether they used an informant how
people police use informants all the
time and they use informants knowing
that people are not guilty or at least
suspecting that they might not be guilty
and people use informants to gather
information when the police launch an
investigation into someone they don't
know the person's guilty yet but they
have to investigate that's what
investigations are for that's why they
investigate if you knew somebody was
guilty no investigation is necessary but
the key question is the one Alan
Dershowitz is asking was the
investigation legit from the beginning
or was this a politically motivated hit
put out on the Trump campaign I want to
know what the evidence was no judges
found probable cause I think the
American public has to be assured that
there was a basis it's not enough for
Jeffrey Toobin to say there was
collusion already at that time I want to
know what the facts were to justify that
okay and here is the bottom line in all
of this and here's why I'm suspicious of
the conservative narrative that this was
a giant conspiracy there are two
inconvenient facts and make me
suspicious that this was not a giant
collusion a giant conspiracy between
members the FBI and the Obama DOJ to get
Trump
okay piece of evidence number one none
of this stuff broke during the campaign
if you were actually going to target
president Trump's campaign why not break
this stuff during the campaign why not
break that there were meetings between
Trump officials and low-level Russian
officials why not break the Donald Trump
jr. meeting why not let any of this
stuff leak the FBI knew about it if this
were all a conspiracy to take down Trump
why didn't break piece of evidence
number two I think is even more damning
for the for the conservative case
president Trump as I say has plenary
power over the executive branch he has
the ability to declassify any and all of
this he can declassify the Carter page
warrant the FISA warrant he can
declassify it right now today and we can
find out whether it was trumped up
or whether there was additional material
in that FISA warrant okay we can we can
know that like now hey president Trump
can declassify all of the materials from
the FBI concerning this so-called
informant the spy inside the campaign he
can do that now why isn't he doing that
now I assume somebody has briefed him on
the material
I assume somebody has told them what's
in it so if that's the case why doesn't
he just release it why does he just
release it so in just a second I'm going
to explain why President Trump might not
release it
maybe there's a decent explanation but
we'll talk about that in just a second
first I want to say thanks to our
sponsors over at bull and branch so bull
and brand cheats these are the best
treats on the market I used them for my
children by the way like bull and branch
eats are so good it's not just for me
and my wife I bought them for my kids as
well my daughter loves her bull and
branch eats the ones that she was
sleeping and she didn't realize how
uncomfortable they were now she
complains when we're not using bull and
branch sheets on her bed we use bull and
branch cheats on our bed as well because
they are amazing they're made from 100%
organic cotton they start out super soft
and they get even softer over time also
they are breathable sometimes you sleep
under sheets and it feels like you're
just kind of trapped under the sheet
bolon branch sheets they're really
breathable they're really comfortable it
feels like yours you I can't describe
how good they are until you actually try
it yourself well the good news is you
can try it yourself right now
shipping is free you can try them for 30
nights ok luxury set of sheets can cost
up to a thousand bucks in the store bull
and branch eats are only a couple of
hundred bucks so it's nothing to cost
you an arm and a leg again shipping is
free and you can try them for 30 nights
if you don't love them send them back
for a refund you're not gonna want to
send the back for a refund they are that
good to get you started right now my
listeners get 50 bucks off your first
set of sheets at bull and branch compro
mocha Ben that's bull and branch calm
promo code Ben go to bull and branch
calm promo code Ben for 50 bucks off
your first set of sheets I also use that
promo code Ben so that they know that we
sent you so why isn't President Trump
actually releasing these these
supporting documents why doesn't he
release the FISA warrant why doesn't he
release all the information surrounding
what the FBI is doing couple possible
explanations he hasn't been fully
briefed he suspects stuff he throws off
half-cocked tweets and then people have
to come in and backfill what he's
talking about very possible because the
president is not a guy who sits around
and makes consider decisions quite
possible second possibility is more
cynical he knows what's in the documents
he doesn't actually want them released
info because if they're released in full
it undercuts his case that he would be
that he has been targeted by the FBI and
the Obama
doj possibility number three he doesn't
want to look like he's interfering too
much in the system and so instead he's
gonna call for an investigation by an
inspector general the inspector general
is independent of the Trump campaign the
Trump white house and so the Inspector
General is a sort of a non-political
appointee not somebody appointed by
President Trump and that person can go
through and do the full investigation
whatever it is I assume eventually this
information will kind of come out and
then we'll know whether or not this was
a corrupt investigation into Trump or
whether there were grounds for the
investigation into Trump one thing is
certainly true okay when the left cries
fell when the left suggests that Trump
using the DOJ to investigate these
issues that that's completely
illegitimate
they have no grounds to stand on here so
Adam Schiff was making this case he was
saying that the congressman from
California who lives literally lives at
the media center near the White House
and he's actually set up a pup tent
there and every morning he gets up and
he takes his thermos and he fills it
with coffee and then he goes and gets a
bowl of cereal then he sits right back
down in the pup tent until he's called
into the CNN or NBC briefing room so
chef he says this is a Saturday night
massacre in slow-motion well it
certainly looks like a Saturday night
massacre in slow-motion we have seen the
erosion of the independence of the
Justice Department which alarms me we
saw it in the lifting of the gag rule on
the witness in uranium one we saw it in
the acceleration of the investigation
against Andrew McCabe so that he could
be fired before his pension vested and
now we see it in the president or during
an investigative and investigation of
his own investigators okay so no no it's
not us that no one's being fired so if
it's a slow-motion Saturday massacre you
actually have to Massacre people and
people actually have to get capped
that's not happening here the Saturday
massacre by the way was a Watergate
Massacre basically what happened is that
President Nixon wanted the Watergate
investigation to end he ordered the
special there was a special investigator
named Archibald Cox he ordered his
attorney general the fire Archibald Cox
the Attorney General refused to fire
Archibald Cox so he fired his attorney
general replaced him with Robert Bork
who then fired Archibald Cox that's what
the Saturday night massacre was none of
that has happened here he is not fired
Jeff Sessions is not fired Rosenstein
has not fired any of these people so
none of that is in evidence at all
nonetheless Democrats are very excited
Democrats are hoping that Trump makes a
big mistake here they are hoping that
President Trump doesn't use the law
enforcement methods at his disposal that
he just precipitously goes and fire
a bunch of people inside his own
administration and then they can claim
that it was obstruction so here is a
congressman in Eric's wall well who says
maybe this will lead to impeachment we
can hope we can hope he's governing the
wrong country he's obstructing an
investigation into his campaign where he
is potentially a suspect the
consequences of course there are removal
from office we're not helpless here okay
so yes you are not going to be
impeaching him okay like this is all
crazy talk but I hope the Democrats
continue to pursue the crazy talk
because it is indeed crazy Sally Yates
you'll recall was an associate attorney
she was she was the debt was the Deputy
Attorney General I believe he's the
acting Attorney General in the Russia
investigation after Jeff Sessions
recused himself and she was fired when
she refused to defend president from
travel ban in court which is not her job
she is supposed to do the bidding of the
President of the United States she does
work for the DOJ well now she's on
Morning Joe and she is claiming that the
the DOJ has been corrupted by President
Trump and she claims that Trump has
taken his assaults to a new low but you
know I think what we're seeing here is
the president has just taken his all-out
assault on the rule of law to a new
level and this time he is ordering up an
investigation of the investigators who
were examining his own campaign here's
the great irony of what she's saying
there okay so here's the great irony
that's shocking it's terrible so let's
get this straight we're supposed to
trust the investigators of President
Trump's campaign but we're not supposed
to trust the investigators of the
investigators of President Trump's
campaign because those investigators
will run by President Trump while the
first investigators were run by
President Obama
none of this washes here's the bottom
line I know this is the most unpopular
stance you can take in political and
political talk but I'm gonna make it
right now we don't know what's going on
there isn't enough evidence on any of
this we don't know whether the
conspiracy from the right is true we
don't know whether the conspiracy from
the left is true we don't know if any of
that is true here's what we do know we
do know that there have been devastating
leaks about this investigation from
members of the so-called deep State
after President Trump was elected that's
the part where I agree with the
Republican conspiracy theory there I do
think that there were members of the FBI
who are Obama holdovers who are
attempting to leak out information
members in the DOJ who are Obama
holdovers who are attempting to leak out
information now and is it possible that
the conspiracy theories about Trump's
campaign being
by Obama are true it's possible okay I'm
not gonna say it's impossible because
it's not impossible
am i suspicious that it is not true I am
suspicious I don't think the evidence
lines up in that direction at this point
in time is it also true that there was
no Russian collusion yes I have seen no
evidence that there was active Russian
collusion between the Trump campaign and
the Russian government so lots of things
can be true at one time lots of things
can be true one time one more twist that
we need to add on this particular story
and that is there have been a bunch of
stories lately regarding the possibility
that the the so-called steel dossier
that dossier that I discussed earlier
that was funded by fusion GPS which was
in turn was funded by the Hillary
Clinton campaign this would be the P
tape dossier that the reason that was
leaked to the press it was leaked by
James clapper and members of Team Obama
to the press very very possible very
possible that was leaked to the press
however the going theory now is that
there are a series of text messages and
emails between top members of the Obama
DOJ and the Obama FBI talking about the
possibility to dis dossier was going to
be leaked and that this was all set up
because in reality what was happening is
that CNN was waiting to leak the Steele
dossier to reveal the Steele dossier
until they had a news hook so James
Comey went to the White House informed
President Trump this became the news
hook and then CNN released the dossier
okay that's possible it is also quite
possible that CNN called up all of these
top officials about the dossier and they
knew CNN was gonna break the dossier and
so then they went and informed Trump
because if they'd broken the dossier in
Trump didn't know about the dossier then
Trump would've gotten mad at them in
other words there are a lot of
possibilities out there we don't have
the evidence for any of them that is
strong enough yet to be all outraged
about anything that has happened I'm not
outraged the Trump is investigating it
I'm not outraged about the FBI's conduct
during the campaign yet except with
regard to hillary clinton whom they
should have indicted i'm not outraged
about anything except for the FB i--'s
conduct with regard to Hillary Clinton
in 2016 which is outrageous and the
FBI's conduct after the election the
leaks that have been coming from the DOJ
and the FBI after the election
everything else I think it's still up in
the air it's still up in the air okay
meanwhile the fallout from this awful
shooting in Texas continues
10 dead in this terrible shooting in
which a 17 year old junior at the high
school walked into the Santa Fe High
School and and shot it up I will explain
the latest on that in just a second
first you're gonna have to go over to
Daily wire calm and subscribe for $9.99
a month
you can get the rest of today's show you
can also be part of our mailbag and when
we have big events when we have really
huge cool events like the ones that
we're having in Dallas and Phoenix you
have first access to VIP tickets the VIP
tickets are sold out in both places I
believe in both Phoenix and Dallas if
you're not um if you're not a subscriber
you can still get general admission
tickets but those are selling out really
quickly as well you're gonna want to do
that right now go over to Daley wire.com
and subscribe to get all of those added
benefits plus if you get the annual
subscription yep that's the very
greatest and leftist tiers hot or cold
beverage vessels it is just fantastic
$99 a year a lot cheaper than the $9.99
a month become an annual subscriber and
join the club people ask us all the time
how can you help the way it can help is
by subscribing it is indeed that simple
also you want to just check out the show
later for free go over to iTunes go over
to SoundCloud YouTube please leave us a
review please subscribe we always
appreciate it and go over to Apple news
and check out our daily wire content
over at Apple news you will I think
enjoy it check that out we are the
largest fastest growing conservative
podcast in the nation
so speaking of this Texas shooting 10
dead 17-year old jr. walked into the
school wearing a trench coat an 88
degree weather and was carrying a 38
pistol as well as a shotgun I believe is
the latest he got those guns from his
dad it was legal for his dad to own the
guns there's been some discussion over
whether the dad should be held legally
liable for allowing the son to get into
the the gun safe I think that's a little
bit tough it's a little bit tough when
the kid is 17 because you've taught your
kids to use the guns you want your kids
to be able to know how to defend the
house when you're not there the reality
is that barring red flags there are
certain of these incidents that are
gonna be very difficult to prevent
unless you actually harden the barriers
around these schools I've been saying
for literally years at this point that
there should that kids at schools should
be guarded like we guard banks or like
we guard an airport okay the fact is
that there's no reason why you know I
went to a private school we had hard
barriers around our private school you
had to check in yet be buzzed into the
school and we had for us school of maybe
300 kids we had five or six different
security guards who were armed on the
school premises it seems to me this
should be the very least that we can do
for our public schools as well I promise
if you had 20 or 30 armed security for
1,500 students would be a lot better
than if he had four or five just because
there are too many gaps in the security
plus you actually have to have a hard
security barrier metal detectors would
be useful listen if this sort of stuff
is going to continue to happen we do
need to guard our schools better there's
a very good piece by David French who's
good on these topics over at national
review in which he writes about Malcolm
Gladwell's theory that the reason that
we start with it seems like we're seeing
an uptick in school shootings right now
is because the barrier to entry for
school shootings is become so much lower
the barrier to media coverage is lower
now with each individual shooting it
looks like it's becoming more common and
so people think that it's happening a
lot even though statistically speaking
it's really not happening particularly
much 22 you know the CNN was reporting
there have been 22 school shootings this
year that's a lie there have been
something like five or six each one of
those individual tragedy and an
individual horror an individual act of
evil but the point that Gladwell is
making is the more common these things
appear to be the more common they will
become and that means that we have to do
what we can to deter these things from
happening in the first place one thing
that certainly does not help it does not
help in any way is the language that you
see thrown around in political circles
with
to these sorts of issues so Bernie
Sanders he's just awful ie the the
socialist senator from Vermont he says
that it is unspeakable for Congress to
do nothing about gun violence you guys
have you guys done enough in the south
course not of course not but it's like
every other issue the American people
are united overwhelmingly gun owners van
gun owners on common-sense gun safety
legislation okay you know everyone is
united on all these things except for
when you get down to the brass tacks
event people are not united on these
things when people hear gun show
loophole they say where he opposed the
gun show loophole and they hear that
means that every private transaction
that happens in the United States is
basically barred unless it goes through
a gun store then people suddenly say
well hold on a second I want to give my
gun to my kid why can't I do that
without going to a gun store so here's
here's part of the problem I was on a
radio show the other day in a major
metropolitan area and one of the hosts
on that particular radio show was saying
why can't Congress get things done why
don't they seem to care why don't they
care and I said well have you ever met
these legislators ever met these
legislators she said yes and I said well
did that person seem like an evil person
to you it'll really dark an evil person
and should know so what makes you think
they don't care about dead kids there's
this disconnect that happens when we
label people and we don't actually make
clear whom we are talking about the
number of people in Congress who
legitimately do not care about school
shootings I would put at zero even
people I disagree with politically I do
not think there are a lot of people in
Congress who legit don't care about
school shootings who sit around every
day they go you know what if a hundred
kids have to get shot then fine 100 kids
get shot I do not think that that's the
case I think there are significant
disagreements on policy and these
disagreements on policy are important
and have ramifications which is why we
need to talk them through but what is
not useful is creating this broad class
of people this fate this group of
faceless nameless people and then you
say well you know Congress just doesn't
care Republicans just don't care the NRA
they just don't care how many people who
say the NRA are terrorists have ever
talked to an NRA member how many people
who say that NRA members don't care
about dead kids have ever spent time
with NRA leadership and when my friend
Dana lash is talking about the measures
she thinks are useful in preventing
school violence and gun violence at
schools does anyone really think anybody
who's spent time with Dana really think
that Dana doesn't care about kids who
are getting shot on
campuses and yet this is used as such a
convenient Club and it completely
undermines and destroys our politics if
you actually believe that the people
you're talking to have no sympathy for
you whatsoever it makes it incredibly
difficult to come to a deal and it's
also not true it's just not true
now the reason that I mentioned this is
not just because this is in the news but
because there's another story in the
news today that I think is being
completely miss covered so the the Pope
Pope Francis he apparently told the gay
man that God loves him during a private
meeting okay so this according to the UK
son in a private dialogue the pontiff is
understood to have told Juan Carlos Cruz
a victim of sexual abuse at the hands of
Catholic priests that God loves gay
people and it is fine to be homosexual
the comments are the most striking
public acceptance about homosexuality
ever made by the head of the Roman
Catholic Church the remarks were made
during a private meeting at the Vatican
between the pair in which the Pope
offered a heartfelt apology
so Cruz was a victim of a pedophile
priest named Fernando cardema
car además aged 87 he was found guilty
of sexual abuse by the Vatican
in 2011 Cruz claims his suffering was
ignored by a number of Latin American
bishops who used his homosexual
homosexuality to brand him a liar when
he spoke out and then speaking to the
Spanish newspaper Cruz said the Pope
told me quote Quon Carlos that you are
gay does not matter God made you like
this and loves you like this and I don't
care
the Pope loves you like this you have to
be happy with who you are okay so let's
make clear a distinction religious
people of all stripes love gay people
okay religious Jews I know gay people I
know there are people in my life when
I'm close friends with who are gay okay
I love a lot of gay people and what they
choose to do at their home lives from a
governmental perspective is their
business does this mean that I think
that homosexual activity is not a sin no
I'm a religious Jew of course I believe
it's a sin but a religious person
including the Pope can believe that
homosexual orientation could be
implanted within you and also believe
that homosexual acts could be a sin and
still love you for who you are okay I
love that the left has attempted to say
that if you think homosexual sex is a
sin that therefore you hate gay people
these two things are not related these
two things are not related this goes
right back to that original argument
that is being made about guns which is
just because you disagree with someone
about activities that people ought to
engage in or not engage in does not mean
that these people are engaged in hate it
does not mean that these people hate you
and labeling them as haters is just
way for you to disregard their opinion
and avoid having a conversation in the
first place okay meanwhile we have to
discuss this new Starbucks policy so the
stupidity of leftism on full display in
the Starbucks policy so as you recall
there's this big blowup over at
Starbucks when it turns out that there
are these two black guys who are sitting
in a Starbucks in Philadelphia and
supposedly the manager of the Starbucks
would not give them permission to use
the bathroom and then when they would
not buy anything asked them to leave and
then when they would not leave call the
police on them and the implication was
that she was a giant racist a story I
have found hard to believe and hard to
confirm this lady according to members
of my own of my own audience who know
her is a an sjw leftist right somebody
who's chided people in the proper use of
pronouns there are several cameras in
the establishment we still have not seen
full tape of what happened that
Philadelphia establishment well thanks
to the outrage over that supposed rest
of end again this is weird because there
are actually some their actual racist
events that have taken place in the
United States you don't hear about those
because when everybody recognizes
something is racist the media has
nothing to talk about the media
purposefully pick instances where
there's a plausible story that nothing
racist happened and then they use these
as flash points that if you don't
immediately bend in the narrative they
wish to purvey then this means that you
don't take racism seriously enough in
any case Starbucks reacted to the
Philadelphia story by telling everybody
that they had to get retrained on
implicit bias which is just sheer
nonsense and then they changed their
policy okay they they changed their
policy and their policy was that anyone
who came into a Starbucks could now use
the restroom the problem was that there
are Starbucks on every corner and lots
of homeless people go into Starbucks and
they go into the bathrooms and there
they proceeded to set up shop or do
drugs so what did Starbucks have to do
well now they have to clarify their
policy toward non paying guests they see
a ttle based retailer on Saturday this
is according to The Wall Street Journal
had said it would allow all guests in
its US company owned stores to use its
cafes including its restrooms whether or
not they make a purchase again this
would be idiotic policy if you just
allow people to sit down in your chairs
and sit there all day how in the world
are you actually gonna sell anything at
Starbucks then announcement which
attracted some support also drew
complaints the cafes would not have
enough seats for paying customers and
would turn into homeless shelters and
drug havens this is certainly true in
Seattle which has experienced a massive
upsurge in the number of homeless people
in the city well on Monday Starbucks
revealed more about the policy they told
The Wall Street
Journal that employees now have detailed
instructions on what to do if someone is
behaving in a disruptive manner such as
smoking using drugs or alcohol using
restrooms improperly or sleeping at
issue in essence is whether Starbucks
views itself as a business that caters
to customers on a quasi public place
generally welcome to all yeah this is
idiotic of course they are a business
catering to customers they could not
make any money if they were a quasi
public business welcome public place
generally welcome to all people would
set up shop and they would continue to
occupy all of the tables so other
restrooms and retailers also must manage
the issue of lingering customers and non
paying guests Starbucks has promoted
itself as providing a third place
between home and work where people can
freely exchange ideas
it essentially pioneered the idea that
is now generating controversies
McDonald's Panera Bread they now offer
free Wi-Fi they encourage customers to
linger Panera didn't respond to a
request for comment this is all true but
if you sit there for too long without
buying some of them I've known for years
like I've worked from many coffee shops
over my years because I always work from
the laptop well I know going in that you
are supposed to walk up to the counter
and buy a thing right who-who doesn't
know that every knows you're supposed to
do this but now Starbucks has changed
its policy in response to the stupidity
of political correctness and it is
indeed highly stupid businesses cannot
operate so long as they make political
correctness their first priority it's
amazing to watch all these social
justice warrior led companies that built
themselves on the basis of free-market
capitalism and a willingness to do
business with customers now try to shift
their policy because they want to appear
kinder and gentler to the public you saw
the same thing over at Google with James
d'amour right James d'amour said well
maybe the reason there aren't enough
female engineers here is because you
haven't created a conducive work
environment with cooperative tasks and
also because there are fewer women who
are applying in stem cells in STEM jobs
not stem cells and stem jobs right there
are fewer women who are applying in
science technology engineering and math
because there are fewer women who have a
predilection to go into those jobs and
also because what the bell curve tends
to show with regard to performance in
sciences and math is that women tend to
be closer to the center of the bell
curve men tend to be at the tail so many
there are really bad at math or really
good at math and that means that when
you go up to the upper level there are
more men than women on a proportional
basis
James d'amour his memo prompted his
firing and then Google put out a memo
suggesting to all of its managers that
things like meritocracy were white were
white constructs
well if Google had opera
off that premise Google would not be a
billion a multi-billion dollar company
obviously it's may all the things that
made business is successful they're not
willing to dump on the side of the road
in order to make nice with the press and
politically correct idiocy the good news
there I guess is that new capitalist
businesses that don't abide by the by
the politically correct idiocy will now
be able to make their way in the
marketplace if Starbucks is gonna be
done there will be other coffee shops
that rise to the occasion okay time for
some things I like and then some things
that I hate so things that I like over
Chevy Volt which is the Jewish
celebration of the giving of the Torah
at Sinai I was able to do a lot of
reading I spoke at a school recently
that was a Habad school about or the for
people who don't know about you've seen
a kebab come out are the people who are
delighting menorahs and in public areas
they're the people who are offering to
they ask you if you're Jewish and then
if you are Jewish then they will rap to
fill in on you to fill in are the
phylacteries that you wear on your arm
and on your head if you're an Orthodox
Jew and that movement but the Lubavitch
movement was led by what is known as the
Rebbe the Rebbe was Rob Menachem Mendel
Schneerson and the Schneerson died in
1994 is very good biography of him by
Joseph's solution solution is co-written
a bunch of books with Dennis Prager my
friend and this book is really
entertaining it's really good and it is
a portrait of a person who is who was
fully devoted to the care of other human
beings
he worked not only insane hours but he
met with an enormous number of people
ranging from politicians to just normal
folks he used to meet with people every
night pretty much from like 10:00 p.m.
to 2:00 a.m. on like a 10 minute
rotating basis and try and have talks
with them about how to improve their
lives the religion can be an awful force
for good it can be an awful force or it
can be a good force and the Rebbe made
religion a very good force in a number
of ways you should read his biography
it's it's well worth reading it's just a
leadership guide for anyone Joseph's
solutions book
I'm Menachem Mendel Schneerson I check
it out Rebbe it's called Rebbe okay so
time for a thing that I hate
all righty so the thing that I hate
today this is another manufactured
stupid controversy so Kendrick Lamar who
is apparently a rapper of some sort
demonstrating my full knowledge of the
pop cultural range I believe he's a
rapper
so Kendrick Lamar had he was doing a
concert and he invited a fan onstage to
sing and then he asked the fan who's a
white woman to sing the lyrics of his
song mad city which is maad city which
is not he's bad but sure okay and then
she one of the lyrics in here uses the
n-word okay here's the video of what it
looked like
do the rules a little bit it's really
cool you have to work you gotta read one
single word though oh I'm sorry daddy
yeah you did also sir Oh should she say
okay
okay I mean just what the hell is wrong
with this guy like he knows what the
lyrics to his own song are that is not
her fault
I'm sorry that is not the fault for the
white lady who gets up there it's not
like he said to her beforehand you know
go easy on the lyrics to my song
you wrote them there dude you don't want
somebody actually reading the lyrics of
your song or doing the lyrics to your
song don't write the lyrics in there or
ask the lady up if you've got a problem
with a white lady rapping your song as
you wrote it then maybe you should have
invited a black lady up there to wrap
your song in Royse you've got plenty of
black fans there it's just it's absurd
okay and I think people caught on to it
so a lot of folks on on Twitter were
like this is just a setup right the day
they brought a fan up to sing and then
flipped when she said the n-word and he
knew what he was doing this woman's life
is gonna be ruined on social media now
she's gonna be claimed to be a racist
when she just wanted to go to a concert
and sing presumably with someone she was
a fan of it's it's just it's just
ridiculous Lamar was evidently under the
impression that Delaney would sense her
skip and sense herself and skip the
racial epithet epithet in the song but
she clearly did not get the memo and
then sent Delaney who's that this this
woman who was called out of the crowd
shouldn't man's young where you from
n-word F who you know where you from my
n-word what your grandma say huh my
n-word okay so it's not like this
appears one time in the song if there's
1,000 times in the song like what she's
supposed to do okay get up here and sing
the song and she goes we literally this
is what it would sound like man town
where are you from F who you know where
you from where your grandma stay hum I
get like you wrote the lyric dude this
is your own fault you don't want people
using the n-word then don't use the
n-word
don't use the n-word in your song okay I
understand that there are distinctions
between black people using the n-word
and white people using the n-word that
there's a whole attempt by certain
members of the black community to
co-op's the term n-word and then use it
as a way of empowerment I think this is
fully stupid okay I think it's stupid
I'm just gonna be honest with this there
are there are lots of slurs that are
used against Jews all the time okay and
you've heard me try to co-opt Jewish
jokes okay but you've never heard me
tried to co-opt the K word right there's
a K word that has been used against Jews
for many many many many decades
hey Jews don't call each other my bleep
okay they don't call each other that
because why would you want to promulgate
the word if the word is bad the word is
bad especially to avoid situations just
like
because it sets up this ridiculous
double standard I don't think it is
worthwhile to have that lyric in the
song but if you are gonna have that
lyric in the song you can't be surprised
when people sing your song
the whole point of you singing the song
is that others will sing your song oh
Kendrick Lamar how I mourn for you
okay well we'll be back here tomorrow
with all of the latest on everything
under the Sun and Ben Shapiro this is
the Ben Shapiro show
the Ben Shapiro show is produced by
Senya Villarreal executive producer
Jeremy boring senior producer Jonathan
hey our supervising producer is Mathis
Glover and our technical producer is
Austin Stevens edited by Alex and Garo
audio is mixed by Mike Carmina hair and
makeup is by Jess wah Vera the Ben
Shapiro show is a daily wire for word
publishing production copyright Ford
publishing 2018
