what do you think the chances are that
the Republicans keep controlled the
house this November I am loath to make a
prediction on this not because I'm
afraid of being wrong and all it takes
up me plenty of wrong predictions and
politics it's because secretly I think
that the chances are significant I don't
know if it's likely but I think there is
a significant chance Republicans keep
the house but I don't want to say that
because I want people to be afraid that
we will lose the house so they go out
and vote yeah Republicans well
statistically Republicans do turn up in
good numbers in midterm elections that
is general elections where Democrats
have higher you know that's absolutely
right Republicans are worse on campaigns
these random stats about p1 voters but
you do I mean it is true Republicans are
more civically engaged and so there if I
were a gambling man I mean you'll have
to check Ben's bank account in November
but I think there's a very good
likelihood that we hold the house but
not only should Republicans not be
confident about this they should be
terrified because this could all end
tomorrow all of this great cough fa
magus stuff could end tomorrow and it's
historically likely to end but it's
really hard to look at all of the public
opinion polling that we're seeing and
just all of the facts of legislation
policy diplomacy popular culture it's
hard to look at all of that and say that
Republicans are down and out on the
contrary I think everything is moving in
our direction and if Republicans get out
and vote I think there's a good chance
that we give ourselves a mandate to
govern
