little while ago when I was traveling I
don't remember what city or state I was
in but I attended a local church before
my my flight and it's always kind of a
game of Russian roulette to go to a
church out of town when you're traveling
and I guess I lost the game this time
around I walked into this church and I I
knew immediately what I was in for
because I noticed that the choir members
have you can call it a choir they were
they were all dressed in shorts and
flip-flops and everybody was talking not
just the choir but everybody everybody
was talking they were treating this time
before church as kind of a cocktail hour
and so people were gabbing and gossiping
and carrying on
nobody was praying you look around there
was no prayer anywhere it to be found in
the church and that's how it is a lot of
modern churches there's always noise
always there always has to be noise and
sounds and never silence even for a
moment
at some point in recent history we
decided that a church is a place that
should always be filled with noise and
there must never be silence in a church
when of course a church is exactly the
place where you should be able to go and
get some silence but there needs to be
silence in church because silence
facilitates mental prayer which is
something that should be happening in a
church it's part of the whole reason a
church exists anyway finally church
started and the choir or the the jam
band for Jesus whatever it was they
played a song that sounded like a like a
cross between kind of a 90s Disney
soundtrack and maybe an easy listening
favorite that you would find if you
scrolled through your aunt's second
generation iPod
it wasn't contemporary it wasn't
relevant it wasn't good but it also
wasn't traditional and that was the
whole point
because tradition is yucky that's old we
can't have tradition
anything that existed prior to 1967 we
can't have any of that that's all bad
because it's old old things are bad the
singer was the lead singer of this band
was relatively talented but he carried
on like he carry on like a lead singer
of a band and he you got this distinct
impression that he was fishing for
applause not that he was worshiping the
Lord of the universe
he wasn't now music and church should be
bringing us all into this you know
reverent state of awe before the the
sacredness the holiness of God right
should be bringing should be this
communal experience which elevates us
and brings us up towards God that's what
music that's what church music is
supposed to do it's not supposed to
bring us back down to earth it's not
supposed to remind us of the culture no
it's not supposed to do that it's not
supposed to make a stand in all of this
very talented band it's not even you
know it's not even about bringing us
it's it's it's it's not even about like
bonding us with each other like a
campfire song or something it's a it's
all about togetherness and being
together it's not actually what church
music is supposed to do it's about it's
about bringing us all towards God and it
certainly did not succeed in doing that
at all
and it seems like it's wasn't designed
to and a lot of church music these days
is really not designed for that it's not
trying to do that so the pastor when it
was you know time for him to deliver his
sermon he opened up with a round of
jokes which were not funny but at least
they succeeded in being unserious which
I guess is close enough and the sermon
was jam-packed with youth slang and pop
culture and he mentioned some TV shows
and Netflix he made sports metaphors he
didn't do anything with the metaphors he
just kind of hung them out there
so that we could be impressed that he
knows about these things and the reason
why knife this all scene I'm depicting
I've seen things like this a million
times the reason why this one still
sticks in my head even a couple of years
later is because I distinctly remember
he made this reference to Angry Birds
okay this is a couple years ago but even
by then this was a very dated reference
but and so I just cringing at it like oh
my gosh but it did the job I guess of
letting us know that the guy speaking
also uses smartphones and or at least he
used a smartphone at some point in the
last five years and I guess the young
people in attendance were supposed to go
oMG he totally gets us lol guys did you
hear him talk about Angry Birds
unfortunately what was left out of his
sermon was any semblance of an insight
or a challenge or a truth or a call to
action or a point and about half way in
I I turned to look around at my fellow
congregants and you know what I saw a
lot of empty seats a disinterested yawn
echoed through the halls and the people
who were sitting in the pews what few of
them there were they looked to be on
average about 87 years old and this was
clearly everything I was witnessing from
the pop-culture references the sermon
the casual dress the music okay all of
the the ereference okay all of this was
designed clearly to appeal to young
people but I looked around and it was it
looked like a nursing home I didn't I
was I was probably a youngest person
there by about fifty years I tell you
another quick story a different Church
this one closer to me
before beforehand
they a giant projector screen dropped
from the ceiling and they played a rap
video okay a Christian rap video that
head had been I guess produced by the
church youth group and it was painful
painful but I looked around in all the
old folks in the church and it was
mostly old folks they were all smiling
but they thought it was really cute you
could tell they were really cute they
could see the grandchildren and they
thought it was the cutest thing as for
the younger people we were all cringing
so hard that our faces hurt you could
tell we were all worried that our face
would get stuck like this because that's
how hard we were created so one of those
cringe moments where you can't even look
up you're just you just want to shrink
into it you're you're experiencing
secondhand embarrassment to a degree
that is just it's it's causing physical
anxiety and you one more story this one
not for me someone wrote to me a few
weeks ago to tell me about the local
nondenominational church that they just
left because the pastor had embarked on
this mission to win back young people
and this mission apparently involved
introducing an electric guitar because
you know those young people in those
electric guitar encouraging people to
dress more casually at church and giving
sermons on tolerance and racism and
injecting again pop-culture references
into them as much as possible you get
the point the point is that Christian
leaders in America church leaders have
set out to win back young people to win
back the young generation and they
certainly need to do that because the
young generation is less religious more
atheistic more secular than any
generation before in American history
but in many cases in most cases probably
they've set out to win back these lost
sheep by trying to be cool and relevant
and irreverent but all this ever
succeeds in doing is impressing the
aging people in the pews who ruined
everything by injecting this garbage
into the church in the first place
they're the ones who first decided that
the experience at church should resemble
your experience at a coffee shop or at a
really bad rock concert okay this is
like my parents generation they're the
ones who came up with all this and so
even now to this day they're the only
ones impressed by it the young people
are not they love it their kids do not
love it as is clearly evident by the
fact that their kids are not going to
church and most of them have left the
faith completely now you can kind of
understand right because think of what a
secular young person imagine what he
would think if he was looking to give
Christianity a try
and the first service he ever attended
was of the type I just described now
when he leaves what would he be thinking
now he yeah he won't be offended so
great you didn't offend him you didn't
scare him good for you
but you also didn't impact him you
didn't move him you didn't energize him
you didn't give him any kind of deeper
understanding of the faith at all now he
went into church preparing to encounter
something deep holy challenging
but he probably walked out thinking like
well what's all the fuss about what's
all the fuss about this Jesus stuff that
was just like that just looked like
something I could find anywhere in the
culture what was the point of that and
this is the problem with Christianity in
this country not just in our church
buildings but everywhere it has no edge
it has no depth it has no sense of its
own ancient and epic history there's no
sacredness to it there's no beauty
there's no reverence there's no pain
there's no sacrifice all of these things
that are that are in Christianity are
not being brought out and this is what
people go to Christianity for this is
what they're expecting this is what they
want when somebody walks especially a
young person who's never been to church
and they walk into a church building
they don't want to see a coffee shop
they've seen a million coffee shop they
want something totally different
but they don't find it the light of
faith grows dimmer in this culture
because Christianity has made because I
should say because the church the
American Church has turned Christianity
into something lame and boring
to turn it into that every branch of the
faith has become infected by this and if
we want to understand why why
Christianity is not winning souls and
especially not winning the younger
generation then we just got to look here
the strategy has been well if we want to
win back the sheep if we want to win
back the Millennial sheep especially
then we have to make Christianity as
unchristian as possible it has to be
stripped of its truth of its sacredness
of its sacrifice of its of its morality
of its tradition of its history of its
hardships of its joy of its beauty of
everything and whatever's left I mean
it's not going to engage or excite
anyone but at least it won't scare them
away that's the idea there's even you
know you you find in some cases you have
these very old churches these very old
beautiful churches which do exist in
America we don't know we don't have
churches as old or as beautiful as what
they have in Europe but we still we
still have very old very beautiful
churches and sometimes what you'll find
even is that you know the church will go
through and they'll take away all the
beautiful that they'll make an effort
they'll take the effort to make the
church less beautiful
they'll take down the art they'll take
everything away and they'll try to make
it less beautiful they say to themselves
let's make Church less beautiful that's
it yeah because you know what that's
what's scaring people away is the beauty
I mean this this goes in everything that
this is even the way that the church the
new churches are constructed even the
architecture where they're made to look
bland like like office buildings are
just like nondescript auditoriums or
from the outside looks almost like a DMV
office or something like that
I mean there's this even even the
architecture of churches has changed
because they want it's almost like they
want to just blend in with the landscape
they want to blend in with the culture
as much as possible they don't want
anyone to know that this is actually a
church that there's something different
going on here the problem is that the
church is trying to appeal to the wrong
aspect of youth you know they they see
that young people can tend to be
irreverent and frivolous and easily
distracted and in need of constant
stimulation and so they put forward a
Christianity tailored to those qualities
but that's not the aspect of youth that
the church should be trying to reach out
to okay
young because young people are also by
nature radical idealistic hungry for
change hungry for a challenge
revolutionary most of the great
revolutionaries throughout history have
been young people that's no coincidence
revolutions are led by the young in
every case
you know revolutions are never led by 50
year olds so always by the young so it
should be no trouble at all to get young
people excited about Christianity they
want something radical they want
something revolutionary
well Christianity is exactly that they
want change Christianity can give them
exactly that they want higher ideals to
aspire to Christianity has exactly that
they want excitement Christianity is the
most exciting thing in the universe I
mean think about it
as Christians we are fighting a war
against the devil himself we are
advancing against the darkest forces of
the universe and we're marching with God
on our side and all the while all around
us on a dimension that's invisible to
our mortal eyes there are angels and
demons and supernatural forces both good
and evil
and they're fighting and they're working
to defend and destroy us and this is all
happening all around the stakes are
infinite our souls hang in the balance
we're standing on a battlefield right
now as we speak we are soldiers the
Psalms say praise be the Lord my rock
who trains my hands for war that's what
it says in Scripture trains my hands for
war this is the feeling and the attitude
that our leaders and our churches should
be stirring in us this is the the truth
of this life and of the faith
it's a ferocious formidable terrifying
joyful beautiful fantastic amazing
wonderful truth it's the truth that the
scripture spends over a thousand pages
trying to explain and it's the truth
that should be shouted from the rooftops
of every single Church in America that's
how you stop the decline of Christianity
in America that's how you attract young
people by just simply telling them the
truth that's all
move them make them feel something make
them feel anger and fear and longing and
sadness and happiness and hope and
determination all of these things give
them something to aspire to they want to
change so give them a reason to change
give them a way to change that's how you
attract the young people this this
should be you know the conversation that
we should be happy having in America is
you know how do we keep the older people
still invested in Christianity how do we
keep them it should be no problem to get
the young people on board this
Christianity is something that naturally
appeals to them because of its militant
warring radical
nature and as I said last week because
in it in the faith and in Christ you
find identity and that is the thing most
of all that young people are looking for
identity purpose challenge sacrifice
we've got this idea that sacrifice as a
dirty word it nobody wants to do it no
that's that's not exactly right people
are looking for a reason to sacrifice
now it's not an easy thing to do
but that's the kind of message they want
and when a young person a secular young
person goes to a church that's what
they're looking to hear they're looking
to hear a challenging message of
sacrifice and battle and that's what
they want it doesn't mean they're gonna
immediately you know convert but that's
what they're interested in hearing
that's the aspect of youth that's the
that is the thing in youthful nature
that we should be reaching out to and
appealing to and it should be pretty
easy to do
that's how you win back the young people
with the truth and it is an incredible
truth isn't it alright thanks for
watching thanks for listening everybody
Godspeed
