Michael Charlie seemed to think that
this is a bigger problem for Democrats
you agree I agree entirely there's no
substitute for success and conservatives
should not clutch defeat from the jaws
of victory this is a successful
presidency thus far we know President
Trump did better among Millennials
relative to his opponent than either
John McCain or Mitt Romney he did very
well he did relatively well and better
than Romney among Hispanics and that
population has increased by between two
and three times in the last several
decades and it's overwhelmingly young
it's overwhelmingly millennial which
skews the Millennial vote broadly
nevertheless President Trump did fairly
well in 1984 Ronald Reagan's support
among young voters surged by nearly 40
percent it surged because his presidency
was successful we've seen in the last
few weeks
excellent diplomacy in North Korea a
good economy returned hostages the kanye
awakening in public and popular culture
these are all great numbers and the only
poll that's going to matter is in
November 2020 and I think you could see
a repeat of 1984 if things keep going
this way Charlie is something that ben
shapiro wrote recently caught my eye
among other things he said the data
shows that the Young Conservatives tend
toward Liberty libertarianism on issues
like drugs and sex what I referred to a
moment ago but share the same priorities
as older conservatives on fiscal and
economic issues and we heard vice
president Pence in this commencement
address kind of allude to that look
Donald Trump is getting results on the
economy and that matters to young people
that's correct I do have to give credit
to this president his view has been more
on the foreign policy economic matters
and a little bit of a D emphasis on some
of these more controversial divisive
social issues I think that's one of the
reasons why he's gonna continue to do
well with all voters but especially
young voters heading into 2020 I always
make a joke when you look at Democrats
and young people supportive Democrats a
young person voting for a Democrats like
a chicken voting for Colonel Sanders the
Democrats want to raise taxes they want
to limit freedom do everything you
possibly can it's our generation that's
actually going to be hurt the most by
Democrat policies and politicians and
look the final point I'll make is this
is that young people are disengaging
from the right versus left labels
Democrat versus Republican but again
Democrats need younger voters it's one
of the three groups that they that they
primarily need to get base turnout for
so every every ounce of support that
they lose hurts them like or never the
last point here though will older
conservatives say hang on a second if
you're focused on the economy and not on
same-sex marriage and other issues are
you pulling back from traditional values
that might upset older conservatives
politics is down the stream of culture
as Andrew Breitbart was fond of saying
but we're winning the cultural war I
think some conservatives are missing it
because they expected us all to start
listening to Brahms and Hyden and
drinking sherry and tweed suits that
isn't what winning the culture looks
like well winning the culture looks like
is chance the rapper tweeting out and
saying black people don't need to vote
for Democrats and Kanye West saying I
like this president I like this
conservative Republican president
politics is downstream of culture but
we're winning
