the winning won't stop we just spoke
with the former President Barack Obama
it's been a banner week for Republicans
and a brutal one for Democrats brutal
politically and culturally so we're
gonna run through it as quickly as we
can before we get to James Barak Obama
created the conditions that led to Isis
taking over Iraq and Syria Barack Obama
then failed to fight Isis and Barack
Obama then called Isis the JV team in
2014 to try to downplay it it's not a
big deal let me here let me get some
sand and bury my head in it here is the
exact quote from the former president's
enemies his choice of war is getting a
lot of attention in an interview with
The New Yorker magazine it compares
groups linked to al-qaeda to an amateur
basketball team quote the analogy we use
around here sometimes and I think is
accurate is if a JV team meaning junior
varsity team puts on Lakers uniforms
that doesn't make them Kobe Bryant end
quote
that's Barack Obama wants to pretend
that he's not referring to Isis I had to
take the hat off because I rely on my
hair for about four inches of my height
you know I got some kind of poofy hair
so we had to lose the Hat but it's still
living within me the Magna khofifah is
within you so Obama tried to say I oh no
that I wasn't calling Isis JV oh no no
even politifact even left-leaning
PolitiFact says absolutely he was
referring to Isis
then Barack Obama starts to call that
group Isis ISIL the Islamic State of
Iraq and the Levant that whole region
and the reason that they did that the
reason the entire
about Obama administration called it
ISIL when everybody else referred to it
as Isis is because Isis the Islamic
State of Iraq and Syria as it's called
in the in the english-speaking world
Isis highlights the foreign policy
failures of Barack Obama Barack Obama
chose to lose the war in Iraq which we
had already won chose not to get a
Status of Forces Agreement that country
fell apart Isis took over Barack Obama
made empty threats in Syria his his
foreign policy was utterly bungled
utterly weak he wouldn't enforce red
lines and Syria fell to Isis so when you
even the word Isis might as well be
called the Islamic state of all of
Barack Obama's failures so they couldn't
do that they had
try to change the name but a rose by any
other name and an Islamic militant group
by any other name is just as deadly and
just as must must be taken care of just
as much
