one-fifth of Americans and a full third
of adults under 30 described themselves
as spiritual but not religious which is
to say they don't care very much about
God but they find themselves very very
interesting we will discuss this
postmodern theology with Tyler Blonsky
author of the excellent book an
immovable feast how I gave up
spirituality for a life of religious
abundance then in a bunch of news
stories that the mainstream media are
doing their best to hide president Trump
and Secretary of State Pompeo secured
the release of three American hostages
from North Korea our national guard is
actually protecting our national border
what a concept and last night's GOP
Senate primaries show good signs for
Republicans in November I'm Michael
Knowles and this is the Michael Knowles
show
it just won't stop can't stop won't stop
more incredible news
one day after Donald Trump burnt down
Barack Obama's entire legacy he has now
gone over to that legacies grave and
relieved himself on the ashes well done
mr. president
so we recall now we recall otto warmbier
this poor American student who was taken
hostage by the North Korean regime
during the Obama administration the
Obama administration couldn't get him
out
president Trump we know now has secured
the release of three American hostages
who had been held in North Korea do you
remember when at Donald Trump he would
send those angry tweets to North Korea
he called little rocket man short and
fat because little rocket man Kim
jong-un said that Donald Trump is old
and crazy and an American president
would've responded say well that's not
very nice don't don't do that normally
you know Barack Obama - no no no and
what does Donald Trump say he says how
dare he I would never call him short and
fat is that yeah he's got a button on
his desk
I got a bigger button and my button
works the whole mainstream media freaks
out they say he's gonna plunge us into
World War three we're gonna have a
nuclear holocaust he doesn't know what
he's doing he doesn't know oh he just
secured the release of three American
hostages Oh Kim jong-un is now doing
what we tell him to do this is a major
diplomatic feat let's tune into the
mainstream media to see all of their
coverage of this incredible diplomatic
feat if the president insists on keeping
us stormy silence he's got a hope that
60 minutes doesn't become 60 days more
details from stormy Daniels Jeanne Mouse
CNN we still stay a little on the stormy
side down in New York
good evening tonight breaking news in
the stormy Daniels story we'll bring you
the latest legal development we'll also
show you my full 60 minutes conversation
with Daniel's tonight along with
portions not shown on last night's
broadcast her attorney joins us as well
so does Michael Cohen's lawyer to
discuss new legal developments late
today I actually wanted to see the clip
so yeah so I want to see the clip of
North Korea coverage because we've seen
you know we've gotten a lot of stormy
Daniels coverage so let's just see the
mainstream media reporting on this great
North Korean diplomatic feat pornstar
stormy Daniels
who's the president's lawyer for
defamation accusing Michael Cohen of
calling her a liar as Daniels goes
public about a religion affair with
Donald Trump and says she was threatened
the White House says the president still
denies an affair and rejects her claims
I'm Wolf Blitzer you're in the situation
this is CNN breaking news that that's
not the breaking news what I want the
breaking news is that Donald Trump
secured the release of three hostages
from North Korea just show me that
coverage
Michael Cohen's first statement about
the storming Daniel's payment was on
February 13th I know more I don't know I
know more mainstream media turn it off I
don't want anymore
that's stupid mainstream media they this
is by the way this those clips could
have been taken from any moment in the
last five months
those just any day breaking news that
porn star is still talking that porn
star who wanted to run for Senate as a
Democrat but five years ago or however
long ago she's she's still talking about
and she doesn't like Trump and we end
breaking breaking news so anyway on the
actual story where Donald Trump secured
the release of three American hostages
in North Korea the New York Times The
New York Times this is really the
failing New York Times this is the
epitome of the failing New York Times as
Mike Pompeo as the Secretary of State is
in North Korea personally securing the
release of American hostages there the
New York Times runs a headline at key
moment Trump's top diplomat is again
thousands of miles away and they're
saying at the key moment because the
Iran deal was ripped up yesterday but
they had already done that that was
already a fait accompli
so Mike Pompeo was busy securing the
release of Americans who were being held
hostage in North Korea New York Times
runs where is he what's he do he's
probably on a beach somewhere in Boca
you know and but what's really weird
about this you can't even chalk it up to
just total ignorance on the New York
Times as part as you frequently can
because the caption on the photo in that
article said that Pompeo was busy in
North Korea trying to deal with the
hostages so was it did the headline
writer just not read the article did you
just not see the the photo it's
certainly incompetence it's certainly
ignorance certainly terrible journalism
but that's the New York Times this by
the way is the argument for Twitter some
of the I don't know how this is still
the case but some of the sophisticate
conservatives and Republicans they say
well trio Trump is doing good I like
Trump but we need to take away his
Twitter his Twitter is ruining him
Twitter is the whole thing Twitter is
the whole presidency without Twitter
none of this happens without Twitter
that's what we get without Twitter it's
just the stormy Daniels presidency you
wouldn't even hear about the North
Korean hostages you just know it's just
stormy slate let's have let we've only
had Mike avenatti the stormy Daniels
lawyer on 15 times today we go we still
have a couple hours left in the day
that's what we would get so let's hear
it from Donald Trump himself call it a
confidence-building measure a goodwill
gesture you could describe a number of
different labels to it but the bottom
line is three Americans who have been
detained for some time in North Korea
are on their way home right now and the
president very happy about it
tweeting just a few minutes ago quote I
am pleased to inform you that Secretary
of State Mike Pompeo is in the air and
on his way back from North Korea with
the three wonderful gentlemen that
everyone is looking so forward to
meeting they seem to be in good health
also good meeting with kim jeong-hoon
date and place of the summit with
President Trump said the president also
suggesting he is going to be up late
tonight secretary Pompeo and his guests
will be landing at Andrews Air Force
Base at 2:00 a.m. in the morning the
president tweeted I will be there to
greet them very exciting it's why I love
these tweets because you get the the
words from Trump himself he tweets it
out but then his tweets become the news
that the fact of his tweeting is the
news and as Fox News just said that is
the bottom line the bottom line is that
Donald Trump secured this release that
Mike Pompeo secured this release that
the Republican administration secured
the release of hostages which the Obama
administration was not able to do that's
the bottom line and that's a that's a
really good thing it cuts through all to
stormy whatever other nonsense they're
talking about and look at how Donald
Trump is handling this he's but that
that tweet you saw it right there he's
positive he it's it's engaging it's
positive it's grateful and it's a TV
show
it keeps I stay tuned stay tuned for
what's gonna happen we've got this
character going over here this is
happening and he says I'm gonna meet
them they're getting in at 2:00 a.m. I'm
gonna meet them there this is an
important aspect of this whole
announcement meeting them at 2:00 a.m.
is
a signal from Donald Trump to Kim
jong-un to the international community
it's as much for them as it is to score
points on domestic politics because what
he's saying is I'm a vigorous guy I'm
paying attention
I am personally involved in what's going
on I don't need sleep I've got a button
on my desk that actually works what'd he
say this is like when Reagan met
Gorbachev for the first time he was he
you know he's an older man Gorbachev was
supposed to be this young vigorous
leader and it was winter in it was still
chilly in Washington DC so Reagan was
gonna wear his big overcoat and at the
last minute either his advisers or he
decided to take off the overcoat and he
trotted down those stairs not wearing a
coat just wearing his suit jacket and
you know light little suit jacket and
Gorbachev was all buttoned up and he's
plotting slowly it was this great
display of vigor and Gorbachev actually
brought this up to Reagan he said next
time tell me if we're wearing the coats
or we're not wearing the coats because
it was a total PR win for Reagan and you
see the same thing happening with Trump
Trump is doing this Trump is not a young
man Trump Trump is one of our older
presidents and but he's saying I'm gonna
stay up late I'm gonna be tweeting I'm
gonna be vigorous and informed it was
really really good he also announced
that this summit this possible summit
with Kim will not take place in the
Demilitarized Zone in the DMZ we don't
know where he said I'll announce it
within three days there's the reality TV
stay tuned stay tuned don't miss the
next episode very optimistic but he
keeps saying everything could be
scuttled so keep playing nice Kim
because if Kim doesn't play nice they'll
cancel the whole meeting and they're
there it goes
now when forget the tweets here is a
clip of Donald Trump in on video
describing this feat himself everyone
thinks so but I would never say
you know what I want to do I want to get
it finished the prize I want is victory
for the world not for even here
I want victory for the world cuz that's
what we're talking about so that's the
only prize I want I think he's being
serious here we'll get to why this is so
important what this shows us about
politics but before we do that I got to
thank a wonderful sponsor Lending Club
love Lending Club
we all need a helping hand sometimes
whether it is unexpected repairs or
medical expenses or credit card debt
sometimes a little bit of money can make
a big difference you can get it at
Lending Club com I've had this at some
points in my in my life I've when I was
much younger through a series of
unfortunate events I inherited my house
and the thing that any homeowner knows
is that houses are money pits especially
if they're older houses or whatever and
at the time didn't have a lot of cash
and house you just need repairs all the
time the roof leaks that this leaks that
and sometimes just need a little money
to get you by in a pinch Lending Club
gives you access to low rates on loans
of up to $40,000 for almost any purpose
you can take control of your debt you
can finance a major purchase you can
finally make home improvements just go
to Lending Club com enter how much money
you need and see if you're approved in
minutes pick the offer that's right for
you the money can be in your account in
just a matter of days it's that simple
for more than 10 years Lending Club has
helped millions of people with over
thirty 1 billion billion with ABI
dollars in loans take charge of your
finances today with Lending Club go to
Lending Club comm slash Knowles Keo wles
to check your rate for free
this one impacts your credit score it's
really easy it's the way to do it
do not go you don't have to go to a bank
you do not have to use high interest
credit cards it's really simple
Lending Club comm slash Knowles Keo wles
Lending Club comm slash Knowles all
loans made by Webb bank member FDIC
Equal Housing lender you'd be foolish
not to do it go check it out today so
Donald Trump he says the reporter asks
him are you gonna get a Nobel Prize
should you get a Nobel Prize he says
people keep saying that I wouldn't look
I wouldn't say that everybody is talking
about it but when he says what I care
about is that it gets done
I want victory for the world I don't
care about the prize I care about the
victory I think he's being serious I
don't think that's false modesty for
with other politicians
be false modesty with Barack Obama would
be false modesty with him I actually
don't think he cares well we know from
Donald Trump is he doesn't really seem
to care about accolades from other
people now that's not to say he doesn't
care about accolades he loves accolades
he slaps his name on everything but he
has ever been a part of but he does it
himself he doesn't beg and say oh please
you give me this or you do this or can
you it's always him putting his own name
in lights he's already won the biggest
prize in the world he's the president of
United States Nobel Peace Prize doesn't
does not matter after that but what he
wants is to accomplish the thing he
wants to do the thing this is a major
difference between the right and the
left the right likes the thing itself
securing a denuclearized North Korea at
the at the biggest end of it or at least
bringing in to the Korean War bringing
American hostages back home they like
the thing itself
what the left likes is the appearance of
the thing they just like the appearance
just the glitz and the glamour but not
the substance the husk not the real
thing
so Barack Obama was he was nominated for
a Nobel Peace Prize he won the Nobel
Peace Prize he won the Nobel Peace Prize
something like eight and a half months
after entering office he was nominated I
think 12 days after entering office very
quickly that that's but what did what
did he do to deserve it
absolutely nothing he certainly doesn't
deserve it even the left admits that now
Donald Trump wants the real thing that
is what the right should focus on the
real thing forget all the mainstream
media articles and the polls and the
bits and the awards and how nice and the
dinners no just do the real thing get
the real thing it's much more gratifying
speaking of the real versus the
superficial let's talk about being
spiritual but not religious this is one
of my favorite you hear that everyone
says it now today well I'm spiritual but
not religious I'm joined now by Tyler
Blonsky Tyler is an author musician and
record producer he is the author of when
donkey when donkeys talk a quest to
rediscover the mystery and wonder of
Christianity and most recently is the
author of an excellent book that I
highly recommend an immovable feast how
I gave up spirituality for a life of
religious abundance Tyler thank you for
being here hey Michael it's so wonderful
to be here thank you Tyler I can't - is
this
just a Catholic thing you look like
you're in matt walsh is set you're
broadcasting from your car into or all
catholics required to broadcast from
cars or broom closets like i am you know
i hope not i was actually gonna go use
the public library i'm on the road today
and i got all set up and kind of like
most government programs it didn't work
the Wi-Fi was was cheap no I couldn't
get cell phone reception so I came
running out here to my car thanks for
your patience I'm shocked and not at all
not at all that you know if if we knew
you were using government facilities we
would have given you even a bigger
buffer of time to go use the private
stuff instead so Tyler you know Yura
you're a major heretic you are a huge
heretic and I'm not talking about
religiously religiously you're quite
Orthodox but I live in Los Angeles and
out here you would be a total heretic
man cuz it's all about spirituality man
none of those bad religious feels you
know it's just a bad spirituality to
begin before we get into it I really
really enjoyed your book and I think
everyone should go read it what does it
mean to be spiritual but not religious
great question I think my experience of
even with myself of identifying as being
spiritual but not religious was that I
wanted authentic relationship with God
and for a lot of folks that means with
the divinity or the good or the the
force that might be with you or not the
universe that's that you have that a lot
out here they say the universe even
though that it's that act is true truely
heresy because that is a creation rather
than the Creator but I think they're
getting it the same thing the energy the
divinity the God spiritus yeah yeah now
of course as a Christian being spiritual
but not religious I always thought that
for me meant being authentic a truly
deep personal relationship with God that
didn't involve any obligations or rules
or morals that might impose themselves
on me and direct my life right so for me
being spiritual but not religious was
about this personal relationship that
allowed me a wide breadth of beliefs and
practices even if they contradicted each
other I totally understand that I having
having been raised
used a Catholic although I went away
from that for a long time I did always
enjoy st. Agustin's
entreaty to Lord make me chase but not
yet there was a version of that and as a
kid as you write in the book you spurned
the ritual religious ritual it was all
about faith not works that sort of that
dichotomy that we hear so much in
popular religion you were a
thoroughgoing antinomian it seems Jesus
saves your free will has nothing
whatsoever to do with it and when I look
around though
at this idea of the performance the
performance of ritual
it seems to me spirituality is at least
as performed or enacted as religion and
usually more so so what is it that
convinced you that this popular theology
was wrong you know what I found out just
through trial and error it's kind of
funny when I'm but an immovable feast
finally arrived you know found and
looking beautiful I was like all
Brittany to my wife I was like are you
gonna read it and she was like oh no I'm
not gonna read it she's like are you and
I was like no way because I kind of like
the pigs out I kind of tell too many
stories and they're really like through
trial and error through a lot of hard
won lessons I learned that spirituality
being spiritual but not religious almost
always ends in disappointment if not
loneliness I think it was Abraham
Lincoln who said that if we won't obey
the Ten Commandments we'll obey the Ten
Thousand Commandments right where if we
don't have the real thing we'll end up
making ten thousand replicas and being
spiritual but not religious I totally
did that I would invent I'd be very
religious about things that weren't
religious whether it was my diet eating
organic eggs or drinking wheatgrass or
yoga or just kind of being dogmatic
about being spiritual but not religious
right that's such a good point you write
one of my favorite sentences in the book
is the Catholics are content with a
single Pope and that he is only
infallible when he speaks ex cathedra
but I gladly accepted Pope's by the
Dozen and they were infallible when they
stood in the pulpit or in their
Birkenstock sandals so you get this
sense and from the quote that you say to
that everybody's got to serve somebody
that if you don't stand for something
you will fall for anything
is there any way
as you see it to escape the strict
boundaries imposed by some religion you
know I actually I think it's deep deep
in our in our nature just as human
beings as men and women to end up
becoming religious we we need to live a
life that has patterns that has
structures that make sense to us and all
of us are telling stories to make sense
of the world we can't help it right we
think and story whatever story you're
telling yourself whatever patterns and
rituals you're you're creating around
your daily rhythms and your
relationships that is your religion
whether you admit it or not you are you
are choosing to conform to something
that is hopefully bigger than yourself
to some degree whether it's politics or
you know some kind of environmental
issue or social justice issue we tend to
get religious we can't help it
the question is are you being religious
in a good way and are you being
religious about what's actually true and
good and beautiful and it's it's the
culture as if in the culture as you you
quote Russell Kirk making an observation
that we talked about on this show all
the time that there's no culture without
the cult cult and culture come from the
same word and the the spiritual but not
religious types they spurn cults and a
religious organization does this explain
why the spiritual but not religious
types are usually such cultural
Philistines they have a sort of narrow
culture I think so I have very good
memories of being in college but also
memories that I've been able to reflect
on it where with so many of us you know
so many of us were Christians we had so
much in common or should have we should
have been able to worship together on
Sunday morning but we couldn't because
we disagreed we were Christians without
a culture and yet every Friday night we
could party together and it's because we
all spoke the same entertainment
Billboard Top 100 Hollywood news speak
right that was the common denominator
that was the cult that actually tied us
together and that's to me is tragic I
wish that there was a way we could and
I'm working towards this right with with
the book and a moveable feast how can we
recover a sense
culture that's truly rooted in a cult
that makes sense that's rich and
beautiful and true that's such a good
point what is your what is your cult
what are the things that bind you to
other people what is the common language
if most of us are being honest it's it's
the popular culture it is whenever you
get three Christians in a room of
perhaps some different denominations or
sex or whatever they'll disagree about
everything but we can all agree on you
know going on getting a drink or
something like that that's a really good
point and the Catholics especially can
agree on going on and getting a drink
now you you have been a Protestant
evangelical fundamentalist it seems just
from perusing the book Catholic now I
find that all of when I have a lot of
friends who are Protestants and there's
still Protestants but they say they're
not Protestants or evangelical or
whatever I find all of the non Catholics
or non Eastern Orthodox and in some
cases the Anglicans fall into that
anglo-catholics fear - but all of the
the fundamentalist types are frequently
quite hostile to the Saints and through
the Virgin Mary they're not simply
indifferent to them there are outwardly
hostile they said why would you ever
pray to a saint or why would you ever
venerate the Virgin Mary why is that
where does that hostility come from well
having once been quite hostile myself I
think it comes from a frustration that
people keep bringing into what should be
a private relationship between you and
Jesus in an actual community a community
that seems to almost threaten the purity
of being spiritual but not religious so
for example I a big epiphany for me in
just discovering you know the Blessed
Virgin Mary and the communion of saints
was realizing you know when Jesus talks
about the first and second commandments
you know love the Lord your God with all
your heart love your neighbor as
yourself these two Commandments aren't
in competition right even in heaven the
second commandment will be like unto the
first where even in heaven we will love
the Saints and intercede for the Saints
on earth
just as we love Christ right in heaven
the Saints - what what Jesus is doing
which is loving God and loving
neighbor and we see evidence of this
especially in Revelation now good luck
to anybody who can tell me precisely
what revelation means but we see the
Saints holding the prayers worshiping
God in holding prayers who are they
praying for they're praying for those of
us who need the prayers and at that
point is so important you know it's
we're talking about a City of God we're
talking about a community that binds us
to people who are not dead but who have
everlasting life
this some will say why do you pray to
dead people I say the Saints aren't dead
they're the only people we know for sure
or alive as a matter of fact absolutely
that distinction yes sometimes it can be
lost and people say well it's not clear
it's very opaque but dr. Johnson told us
all shallows are clear all shallow
thinking is clear now now this has all
been too enjoyable so I want to bring in
some terrible news and you can try to
convince me that this is not true all of
the data show us that religiosity is on
the decline now on the flip side of that
you know people like Jordan Peterson or
ben shapiro or andrew pleavin or other
people who explained about god either
explicitly or implicitly those guys are
more popular than ever
the people who were talking about
meaning in life that it there's a there
selling a lot of books and a lot of
young people are listening to them is
this the triumph of spiritual but not
religious or on the bright side is this
the darkness before the dawn of a
religious revival being led by those
people who are talking about God in a I
think a mostly explicit way you know I
think what it is is kind of like the
suburban sprawl of spirituality it's
become popular it's so ubiquitous
everyone is spiritual but not religious
and it's just beige and it looks like
when you drive through suburban sprawl
just looks like everyone is living in
the suburbs and there's no hope for
Humanity when in fact I think in the
midst of that there will be Orban
renewal you know there'll be a
renaissance for for farming that kind of
thing I think the same goes for being
religious is there's actually I think a
deep hunger and a longing especially in
young people today for religious
moorings for something that's beautiful
and for a story that's bigger than
themselves that they can participate in
and true religion not not phony religion
right now when you're being a big fake
show but true religion rooted in history
and in Revelation that goes deep and
people are longing for those old
liturgies and traditions that are
actually perennial that's so true I will
say especially speaking of the liturgy
there you know all of all of the
churches I find that have this
watered-down liturgy and you know
they're all the acoustic guitars or
whatever those are emptying out the pews
are emptying out and you see more Latin
masses and more traditional masses even
masses in English but they have some
chanting those are cropping up all over
the place and and the houses are packed
so I do see I certainly see a sign for
hope there what I must say I you know I
read a ton of books for to prepare for
the show I especially loved in a
moveable feast so everybody should go
out and read it it's a really good book
I'll put the link on my Twitter and
Facebook as well Tyler thank you so much
for being here Tyler Blonsky and a
moveable feast how I gave up
spirituality for a life of religious
abundance probably not gonna make it to
the Oprah book club anytime soon
but you can get it here no Tyler thanks
for being here Michael thank you thank
you so much it was such a joy all right
speaking of the spiritual but not
religious a Catholic University has now
opened a sex segregated prayer space to
accommodate Muslim students it's true
story do we have to we have a little bit
of time to get into this I can't let
this story go without mentioning it st.
Ambrose University in Davenport has now
opened up a prayer space yesterday that
designates separate areas for male and
female worshippers okay this prompts a
few questions
I'm sure prompts a litany of questions
to begin why does a Catholic University
have a Muslim prayer space those are two
I don't think Islam is a version of
Catholicism or a denomination of
Catholicism there are this is a serious
question now you might say well it's a
university why can't they have one right
it's a university it's a Catholic
University there are plenty of secular
universities
in America nobody is forcing Muslim
people to go to Catholic universities
nobody is forcing atheists to go to
Catholic universities there are
virtually every university in America is
secular these days most of the top
universities most of the big brand-name
universities why can't the Catholic
University be Catholic well you say
what's the big deal oh what's the big
deal if they want a prayer space that's
fine if they want to keep the men and
women apart when they're praying who
cares why can't they do that at a
Catholic University because it's anti
Catholic because it's anti-christian we
know that Christianity is a religion in
Christ is a person where in there is
neither Jew nor Greek nor slave nor free
nor male nor female but all are one in
Christ Jesus
what Islam says is no well let's not go
that far split those two biological
sects apart so what is the Catholic
teaching on Islam that's another
question to ask oh why can't they have a
prayer space because Catholicism rejects
Islam Islam began actually as a
Christian heresy and it developed into
its own separate religion but there are
major differences here not just that in
in one there is neither male nor female
but all are one in Christ and in the
other men and women have to be kept
apart to worship but also Islam denies
the cross of Christ and st. Paul writes
there are many walking now and I tell
you even weeping who deny the cross of
Christ the Quran states they crucified
him not they crucified him not that's a
major difference what the Catholic
University is teaching here is what we
were just talking about with Tyler
spiritual but not religious be spiritual
but not religious now this is not to say
by the way that we should go out of our
way to offend people or to insult people
who have different religious views but
certainly we should not compromise our
own faith to appease those people it
doesn't make any sense it's ridiculous
that's why this is a news story it is
absurd that a Catholic University has
sex segregated prayer centers for a
religion that denies the cross of Christ
that we know that that's ridiculous
that's the reason people are reporting
on it when you water yourself down this
is
this is the lesson that is beyond just a
religious discussion or whatever this is
true broadly when you water yourself
down when you water your mission down
you do not become better or bigger you
become nothing that's what happens when
you try to broaden out to encompass
everything you don't become broad and
big and all-encompassing
you become nothing there's a story now
the Boy Scouts have become the Girl
Scouts because the Boy Scouts are
allowing girls in they've actually
changed their name the program is now
called Scouts Scouts BSA they took the
boy away well what happened the Mormon
Church has ended its century long
relationship with the Boy Scouts the
Mormon Church has been a huge supporter
of the Boy Scouts for a hundred years
Mormons represent almost 20% of every
person in the Boy Scouts organization
eighteen point five percent of the 2.3
million people involved in Boy Scouts
now they're gone now it's over they're
out of there this is the same thing that
happened to churches when the Catholic
Church watered down its liturgy watered
down it's teaching the pews emptied they
didn't water down doctrine but they
watered down the the practice of it and
the liturgy the pews emptied same thing
happened with all of the mainline
Protestant churches do those still exist
anymore are they are there still
mainline Protestant churches I think
they're ghost towns you just see
tumbleweed going through them on Sundays
the same thing happens to politicians
when politicians try to be everything to
everybody they lose their base they lose
the the people who supported them in the
first place just look at John McCain or
Jeb Bush or John Lindsey these liberal
Republicans who want to appease
everybody they end up like low-energy
Jeb you've got to stand for something
you have to stand for something or you
will fall for anything we've got a lot
of news to get to before we get to it
I'm sorry I've got to say goodbye to
Facebook and YouTube if you are on daily
wire.com thank you very much you helped
us keep the lights on you keep khofifah
in my cup if and by the way I need this
cup the last few days I've almost
drowned on several occasions if you're
not there please go to Daley wire.com
you will get me you'll get the intro
Clavin show you get the Ben Shapiro show
do you hear it do you hear that right
now I can hear it it's like birds
chirping bells chiming it's because it's
almost time for the next episode of the
conversation featuring me little ol me
Michael Knowles on Tuesday May 15th at
5:30 Eastern 2:30 Pacific I will be
taking all of your questions and easing
your anxiety by answering all your
questions live on air every query that
has burned in your hearts will be
resolved best of all it's an extra
hour-long dose of little old me which
you know what more could you ask for
I almost certainly will not be wearing
pants that just has sort of become the
rule for the conversation
Alicia crafts will be there too you like
her that'll be nice this month's episode
will stream live on Daily wires YouTube
and Facebook pages it will be free for
everyone to watch only subscribers can
ask questions to ask questions as a
subscriber log into the website daily
wire.com it should be your home page
anyway
head over the conversation page watch
the live stream after that just start
typing in the daily wired chat box and I
will answer questions as they come in
for an entire hour once again get those
questions answered by little ole me
Tuesday May 15th 5:30 Eastern 2:30
Pacific join the conversation huh again
none of that matters all that matters is
this the John Kerry vintage the Obama
vintage the Hillary's aids vintage
they're all tweeting they're all so so
sad they're all so go to daily wire.com
we'll be right back
all right now we've got to get to all of
the stories that the mainstream media
just doesn't want to cover they just
they refuse to cover we really got to
some of them do you remember you
probably don't remember this because it
hadn't been the news that much when
President Trump deployed the National
Guard to the border so he says I'm gonna
deploy the National Guard because
they're all these people coming through
and they won't let me build the wall yet
so I'm gonna send them there and they're
gonna keep these illegal aliens from
breaking into our country and invading
our country it's working it turns out
it's working that's why you haven't
heard about it if it wasn't working you
would have heard about it all the time
US Customs and Border Protection
officers have apprehended an extra 1600
people who have attempted to illegally
enter this country since April 15th in
just the last couple weeks and that's
thanks to the National Guard troops on
the border so what are they doing there
they're guarding that's in their name
you might expect that they're not
arresting people they're not performing
law enforcement roles but they are
freeing up Customs and Border Protection
officers to do all of the arresting
there's increased surveillance there's
increased communication that's a lot of
extra people 1,600 extra people they
also caught an extra 451 people who were
turned away at the border before then
trying to enter illegally this is really
good now the trouble is we need actual
immigration reform and I don't mean that
in the Marco Rubio way I mean that in
people can't enter our country illegally
because otherwise they're just gonna
they're gonna be caught and released
they're just going to go through the
system it's gonna be this long thing we
need actual reform and in the meantime
isn't this what the National Guard is
for this is pretty good the National
Guard is to guard the nation and that's
what they're doing they're guarding the
nation people are trying to invade the
country and the National Guard is there
and saying nope go back no no no thank
you
this is this is really good this is a
good use of the National Guard I'm glad
that President Trump was able to do it
and we should keep it up because also it
keeps these things in the news and it
keeps clear how many people are crossing
into our border constantly and why you
need to send them back with that we have
a country or we don't have a country as
the campaign said for a long time you
have borders or you don't have borders
you have democratically enacted
legitimately enacted in
aggression law that's enforced or you
don't it's a nation of laws or a nation
of men we're a nation of laws we're
supposed to be anyway and so this is
great stuff also before we go I've got a
I've got to get to the excellent
electoral news from last night to all
the mainstream media they are so at that
I could taste a hint of the Washington
Post because the GOP did very well in
last night's Senate primaries so how do
you think the Washington Post reported
them how do you think you say GOP did
really well it is this is really good
news
great sign for November no they reported
quote in Senate primaries Republicans
avoid their worst fears you kidding me
are you kidding me people that it cuz
they used to be at least a little bit
clever about how they would attack
Republicans and how they would try to
spin everything to put Republicans in
the worst light now they don't even do
that it's there so there's so much less
sophisticated than they used to be so
the Washington Post reports quote their
battles did not hinge on policy since
all the candidates basically agreed with
the course set by Trump they swung on
attitude style and outsider bona fides
that just isn't true it wasn't they're
trying to make it out like these are
these crazy wonky characters and really
all the voters wanted was blood and red
meat and craziness that isn't true at
all in West Virginia
Patrick Morrissey won there he beat the
kooky candidate Don Blankenship Patrick
Morrissey's the Attorney General he's a
completely normal
well-spoken educated politician and the
kooky guy was Don Blankenship this guy
who's an ex-con he's a cold Baron he
called Mitch McConnell cocaine Mitch he
referred to Mitch McConnell's
father-in-law being a Chinaman and why
that would make McConnell not like him
or something like that that that's the
kooky guy they didn't go for him well
Morris he was a totally normal candidate
sitting off his holder it's very good
this is a big win for Trump too because
Trump said ahead of the election he said
vote against Blankenship he didn't say
who to vote for he said don't vote for
Blankenship vote for Morrissey or
Jenkins and he gave his explanation
he said don't vote for Blankenship
because he won't win in November the
last time Donald Trump said this in
Alabama people didn't listen to him they
they voted for Roy Moore in the primary
and more lost so we actually kind of
have to thank Steve Bannon today it's a
very hard thing to lose Alabama as a
Republican Steve Bannon managed to do
that for us
and it really scared people into
thinking Oh yikes all right maybe we
should we shouldn't go that crazy and
pick candidates who are unreliable so
what else happened a state
representative Mike Braun he's a self
funder he raised five million dollars DC
outsider he beat congressman Todd Rokita
and Luke Messer in Indiana that's pretty
good there there actually is an outsider
he's not some kooky outsider he's a self
funder he can raise a lot of money and
he's a he's a state representative good
candidate in Ohio
representative Jim Renacci one that's
great Renacci also was endorsed by Trump
so these are all good signs but what's
the big takeaway this is good news
because it means that Trump's support
matters and it helps now we shouldn't
expect that in in this off year election
we shouldn't expect that in these
midterms well if we believe the
mainstream media we would think that
Trump would be poison
Trump's endorsement would be total
poison and voters would do the opposite
of whatever he wants but that isn't the
case actually all of the polling
suggests that Trump is quite personally
popular his approval ratings have been
varying between the 40s to the low 50s
the daily approval rating has been
between 47 or 51 percent we also know
that 57% of Americans think the u.s. is
headed in the right direction the
majority of Americans say the country is
going in the right direction
that's the highest percentage of the
population who thinks that since 2007
since before Barack Obama since before
the financial crash that is a great sign
and by the way the Democrats have
nothing they have nothing they have
stormy Daniels that's why they play it
all day long on CNN and the Washington
Post
there isn't an issue for them to run on
what can they run on they ran the
government for 10 years and everything
went to hell
went to hell in a handbasket then Donald
Trump comes in and 15 minutes later
everything is getting better so what can
they run on
we might get peace in North Korea for
goodness sakes that they have nothing to
run on so it's just tawdry tabloid trash
like stormy Daniels Oh what what will we
see here we know that Donald Trump is
going to be campaigning and races where
he can help that looks like it'll be a
lot of races and that will help we know
that two of the so-called toss-up seats
currently in the House of
Representatives they're held by
Democrats and they're in districts that
overwhelmingly voted for Donald Trump so
do we are we really confident the
Democrats are gonna win those seats I'm
not confident of that we know that a
total of 12 House seats currently held
by Democrats or in districts that voted
for Trump now they're not listed as
toss-ups but that's a dozen seats total
that they voted for Trump in 2016
they're currently held by Democrats
what's going to happen the question you
have to ask yourself history is working
against us voter engagement
theoretically should be working against
us although in practice I'm not sure it
is if they voted for Trump in 2016 and
everything has gotten better and all of
his numbers have risen since then which
votes has he lost which votes has Donald
Trump lost though there is one gaffe
that Democrats really tried to seize
upon to cut away some of his support and
that was his comments in charlottesville
early in the presidency you know he said
there are good people on both sides and
they twisted this to say that he was
anti black or supporting Nazis or
whatever which isn't true and it was
totally blown out of proportion
but even so he didn't speak artfully and
so they were able to see his opponent so
that that should be it those should be
the votes that he lost right wrong we
would expect the votes that he lost
there to be among black people right
because the Donald Donald Trump was
being portrayed as this anti black
politician Donald Trump's support among
black men has doubled in the last two
weeks literally doubled which votes has
he lost this is really good news you
shouldn't get complacent we should
remain engaged you've got the entire
mainstream media apparatus against us
the Democratic Party against us much of
the federal bureaucracy against us in
some of the Republican Party so
conservatives need to watch out that's a
lot of people against you you got to go
out to the polls things are things are
looking good there is hope on the
horizon
and if we can maintain that hope and go
out there and and actually vote you
could be in for a surprise in November
okay
that's and and we should we should pray
about that too I don't I don't even mean
that glibly there are serious policies
here people do get hurt when Democrats
win elections to say nothing of the the
unborn we're talking about a huge
zealous pro-abortion Democrat party
you're talking about people losing their
jobs you're talking about people of
making less money you're talking about
people not being able to provide for
their families you're talking about
people who won't take the opioid
epidemic seriously they're actually are
really real consequences but mostly I
just want to tie it back into that
spiritual but not religious line go out
and read a Tyler's book in a moveable
feast it's really really good and by the
time you're done reading that I'll be
back on the air tomorrow so make sure
you tune and get your mailbag questions
and so we can answer all of them in the
meantime I'm Michael Knowles this is the
Michael Knowles show I'll see you
tomorrow
the Michael Nolt show is produced by
seniya Villarreal executive producer
Jeremy boring senior producer Jonathan
hey our supervising producer
Mathis Glover and our technical producer
is Austin Stevens edited by Jim nickel
audio is mixed by mic core Amina hair
and makeup is by Jeshua alvera the
Michael Knowles show is a daily wire for
word publishing production copyright for
word publishing 2018
