what Kanye was saying it was actually
profound if you don't have land you need
a brand so in other words if you think
all they offer you is identity instead
of instead of accomplishment and you
know being somebody and doing something
in the world and that's what he's
talking about I think it makes perfect
sense er now we have to listen then he
hugged the president that's the thing
that drove everybody crazy
play that is very short clip play that
special guy this is to a special I love
that is from saying I put you in the you
know Shapiro's like that too you know
there are plenty of famous people who
wander in there and Shapiro says keep
your head down you don't have to tell
people you like me because it'll cost
you and that's what Trump was saying to
him there that was the moment that's the
thing that drove them not so let's go
over to CNN where Tweedledum and tweedle
even stupider we're we're talking about
this I got to go I got to go to Chris
Cuomo first because that was maybe one
of the that may win some kind of Emmy
for one of the stupidest moments on
television do we have that cut my
curiosity wasn't about what came out of
Kanye's mouth my wonder went to what was
going on in Trump's head let's take a
look at him here's my educated guess
okay other than a warm serotonin flush
of happy hormone imaginary headlines
blacks love Trump he's blacker than
Obama I certainly agree this is a
cartoonish situation but look at Trump
here yet again yeah Superman sure I am I
can do anything I can save people I
wonder if images of Hurricane michael
came into his head then the people that
do need saving and here he is and then
this Chris Cuomo reporting from inside
the head of the president ladies and
gentlemen yes hi this is Chris Cuomo I'm
inside the head of the president reading
his mind
I've got yes I've got some racist
thoughts going on hell is he talking
about but if that's not stupid enough
and you want some heat you got to go to
Don Lemon heads could check him out what
I saw was a minstrel show today him in
front of all of these
white people mostly white people
embarrassing himself and embarrassing
Americans but mostly African Americans
because every one of them is sitting
either at home or with their phones
watching this cringing I couldn't even
watch it I had to turn the television
off because it was so hard to watch him
sitting there being used by the
President of the United States the
president's exploiting him and excited I
don't mean this in a disparaging way
exploiting someone who needs help who
needs to back away from the cameras who
needs to get offstage who needs to deal
with his issues the racist piece of
garbage this guy is so ray really is
awful
