all right everybody um you could see the
very active background the active
setting I'm in DC today wanted one of my
least favorite places on earth but I had
to be here so so here I am
alright the process is now complete the
the Boy Scouts maybe you heard the news
yesterday the Boy Scouts a once proud
and important organization and an
organization that used to help shape
boys into men is now dead it had been
dying for some time now but it is I
think it's officially official they made
the announcement yesterday that and it's
an announcement that even ten years ago
would it seem like some kind of
outlandish ridiculous parody but now
it's it's real it's it actually happened
the Boy Scouts said today that they're
dropping or yesterday I should say that
they're dropping boy
from Boy Scouts and they shall
henceforth be known as the Scouts
because well because we're including
girls and we can't exclude girls from
the organization or from the name and
the Boy Scouts giving up their name it's
just the last and unavoidable step in
well not even really the last step
because there's more to come I'm sure
but this is just the latest step in a in
a process that's been in a devolution
that's been happening for years now and
it began it began with I think it really
began in earnest when the Boy Scouts
finally surrendered to the left on the
issue of gay scouts and they said fine
we can have gay scouts and then the left
came back and they said ok but you need
to have gay Scout leaders and so the Boy
Scouts said fine then the left came back
and they said ok but now you need to
have transgenders and the Boy Scouts
said fine but please leave us alone
after this is that this what we're
surrendering others I mean this is it
right you don't ask for more and the
left said yeah that's fine once you just
do this one last thing and that'll be it
and so they did it and then the left
came back the next day and said oh by
the way you need to admit girls now and
so the Boy Scouts always with that
steely spine immediately said ok fine
we'll admit girls and then they said now
you need to change your name because
it's a school
and they said okay fine we'll change our
name
and I have heard the argument some
people have said that well it's yeah
they're admitting girls but they're
still gonna separate boy and girl troops
so you're still gonna have gender
separated troops but they're all gonna
be part of the same on Brella
organization and to that I say two
things number one it's irrelevant the
fact is that they're bringing girls into
the Boy Scouts and abandoning their
identity and their name for the sake of
being inclusive and for the sake of of
being politically correct and number two
I mean have you really not noticed the
pattern yet I mean is it possible that
you haven't noticed the pattern do you
really think that that's gonna be you
really think that they're gonna keep
gender segregated troops at this point
no of course not within within like a
year the announcements gonna come that
okay now everything is co-ed I mean
everything camping trips everything this
is I mean it's a one I 100% guaranteed
that it will happen now I'm not gonna
let my sons anywhere near this
embarrassment of an organization and
it's no longer equipped to provide the
moral example that it once provided and
the moral example that it was founded in
order to provide the Boy Scouts
originally it was supposed to be a
Christian boys organization that was
concerned not just with giving boys life
skills and teaching them about the
outdoors but with with forming them
morally moral formation and ever since
they started celebrate a surrendering to
the LGBTQ camp once that began then its
they'd already forfeited that aspect of
their mission which is to say they
forfeited their mission but you know I
think that this thing with the Boy
Scouts is an example of a trend that's
been going on for a long time well two
trends one trend is organizations
surrendering to the PC mob so that's one
whether the other trend is how
you know we we we don't let boys have
their own spaces anymore boys are not
allowed to have their own things you
know things that are just just belong to
them
this this is the trend we've we've gone
through and we've gotten rid of all the
spaces where boys used to come together
and just be with each other and just be
themselves you know I remember when I
was a kid a a long long time ago but I
remember when this when the big thing
this this whole process of okay we gotta
have co-ed everything we've got to merge
the genders into every activity that's
what it was kind of beginning and so the
big thing then was we got to include all
the girls in all the sports so every
baseball team every rec baseball team
that I played on there was a token girl
on the team even though or at least
where I lived there was also a perfectly
fine girl softball league and the girls
could go there and they could play
softball with the other girls and it was
great
so they they did have it sound like they
didn't have sports they could play they
had a girls team but some of the girls
said no I want to be with the boys and
some of the parents said no that's where
I want to be and so of course the league
very quickly caved to that and said fine
and the girls got to be on the team no
but you know nobody ever stopped and
asked the boys no one ever asked the
boys hey do you want to play with the
girl all that mattered was the girl
wanted to play with the boys it didn't
matter if the boys want to play with the
girl
it's what the girl wanted and so she got
to have it so we started you know we
started taking away all the boys sports
we got to include girls in it
the now I remember even when I was in
high school we started seeing girls
playing football and so that's a thing
now and of course it's completely
ridiculous and even when I can think
back even to recess in elementary school
if the boys got a pickup you know game
of pick-up basketball going or they're
playing dodgeball just the boys and it
was kind of a rough and fast game very
often you'd have the finger wagging
teacher who shows up and says now now
now you got to include everybody
you got include Rachel to which I get it
you got to teach kids to play together
and everything like that but sometimes
you also have to just let the boys do
their thing sometimes if the boys are
having a game and it's a rough it's a
fast game you got to let just just let
them play because you bring a girl into
it and it I mean it ruins it I'm sorry
it just does for in many cases for the
boys and they're playing a sport when
you say you when you when you require
when you insist they have to include a
girl you're kind of ruining it because
girls are not as good as boys they're
not as athletic they're not as strong
they're not as aggressive just the fact
of the matter and the boys don't want to
be as aggressive with them
with the girls as they are with each
other so boys especially if they're
playing basketball or something if there
are no refs then essentially every sport
turns into tackle football because
they're just the whole part of the point
when boys get together and they play a
sport probably half of the point for
them is to kind of let out their
aggression and just that physicality is
a is a big and just just clobber each
other that's a big part of the point
when you start injecting girls into it
well they can't really they don't feel
right they don't want to do that with
girls and they shouldn't do that with
girls and so it just changes the dynamic
and this is what happens when you there
are different there's a dynamic when
you've got a bunch of boys together
doing something there's a certain
dynamic you got a bunch of girls
together doing something there's a
certain dynamic when you combine them it
changes the dynamic completely and we've
moved far beyond sports at this point of
course now this can be found everywhere
in our culture
girls are constantly breaking into the
boys clubs and they're always celebrated
for their trailblazing achievement when
they break into the boys club is hey I'm
in the boys club now but what is the
achievement exactly the boys club was a
boys club for a reason it's a club for
boys when you get rid of the boys
qualifier you have destroyed the club's
entire purpose so what's your
achievement you've just you've just
ruined it is what you've done and you
could see it's not just with boys it's
even with men's lodges used to be a big
thing and now they either don't exist or
they're not nearly as prevalent because
even men believe it or not sometimes
like to have places they can go where
it's just themselves but we say that's
no longer permitted and yet even as we
get rid of all these boy spaces these
boys or boy organization we haven't
gotten rid of the need that men have and
boys have for that kind of male bonding
that's still there especially for young
men and there's a reason why there's a
pretty good reason why boys don't want
to include girls and everything not just
with sports but even if they're just
hanging out or if they're in the woods
for the Boy Scouts sometimes they don't
want to include the girls even in that
context and the reason is that adding a
girl into the picture as I said it
changes the dynamic they feel like they
have to tone things down there the
feminized things for the sake of the
girl and now even worse there's this
added pressure for the boys where they
feel like they got to impress her and
they're not able to just enjoy
themselves and relax and be themselves
now in this in that free and open
environment that exists between boys now
they got to impress the girl everything
now is about the girl you got a group of
boys you inject one girl into it and now
everything is about her and that's why
you have girls sometimes who insist on
being a part of the boys things they
want to do the boy things I want to be
in the boy organizations they want to
play the boy sports they want to intrude
on all the boy areas I think I think
most girls don't want that they also
want to have their own spaces and they
don't necessarily want to be surrounded
by 50 boys right the girls who do want
that the reason they want it is because
they know it's gonna be all about them
and they're gonna get attention it's
attention-seeking as what it is when
you've got a boy sport girl sport and
almost everyone you know boys are
playing the boy's sport girl playing the
girls are playing the girls sport
everyone's having fun and then you have
that one girl who insists no I want to
be in the boy sport I want to be there
this is where adults have to come in and
say no you okay it's what you want but
you can't have it you let them have
their fun
this is over here for you you can't have
everything you want I know you want to
do it you want to you know you want the
attend the attention but you can't
always have the attention you want and I
wonder where where are the adults
sometimes to say no just let the boys
have their time just let the boys into
their play playing a game there don't
just let him have it let him play leave
him alone
so when when the girl enters into the
picture then she becomes the kind of the
focal point especially when you've got
young younger boys teenage boys
especially the girl becomes the focal
point because no matter how we we think
we live in this progressive enlightened
age but at the end of the day the boys
still see the girl as a girl and they
will treat her like that and that's just
human nature it's not ever going to
change
I know and it's not just girls to you
sometimes you hear women who will say
who will say oh I have a lot of guy
friends and when I'm hanging out with
them I'm just one of the guys I'm just
one of the guys you hear from that hear
of that from women sometimes and of
course you hear that and you think you
don't want to say it out loud
I will now but when you hear it you
think to yourself no you're not you're
not actually one of the guys
maybe they may have told you that they
see you that way but they don't that
they're lying to you're not one of the
guys which is fine because you're a girl
and that's fantastic
but you're not one of the guys just like
they're not one of the girls we NEET
when you're hanging out with a group of
guys you're not you're not one of them
because you're not a guy you don't have
the same connection with the guys that
they have with each other you don't
understand them the way that they
understand each other it's just it's not
the same bond now if you marry one of
those guys then you will come to
understand him and know him better than
anyone else on earth including himself I
have no doubt that my wife knows me
better than anyone she knows me better
than I know myself half the time and
through him I think you'll start to
understand men generally but just a
single woman in a as a member of a group
of guys as just a friend no you don't
have the same connection you're not one
of the guys and it's just a different
dynamic which you might not realize
because women a woman is not going to
observe in it the interaction between
men unless she's a part of it right most
of the time so she she sees how they are
when she's around and they she assumes
well this is how they odds they're just
being natural them be they're being
themselves not quite it does change when
you're not there
just like it does with women that's just
a natural natural thing and then a woman
might say well I cuss and spit and burp
and rustle around wrestle around in the
mud like like guys I'm just like that
I'm yeah I'm just I'm a I'm just like
him now if that's actually true and I
find that probably 90% of the time what
a woman makes this claim but she's just
like the guys and she's you know rough
and tumble probably 90 to 95 percent of
time that's not true at all
but for the five to ten percent of time
when it is true here's the thing when
guys look at a woman imitating and kind
of aping male behavior they're gonna
think one of two things they're gonna
think either she's hot so I'll play
along or - this is sad and I wish she
would stop because the truth is again no
matter what our progressive enlightened
culture says the truth is men don't want
women to act like men men want women to
act like women they may pretend they may
say oh no they may pretend to be
completely egalitarian and they don't
see any difference between the genders
and they think it's just great when a
woman behaves in this kind of masculine
manly way they may pretend that they
think it's cool and they think it's just
awesome but they don't even right now in
the comments there may be a guy who says
who pretends and says oh no I you know
I've got a group of friends who are
girls and I don't see him any
differently than I see the guys and I'm
exactly the same with them as I am with
the guys no difference he may claim that
but if it were just the two of us
sitting in the car having a man-to-man
conversation he would be agreeing with
everything I'm saying
100% meant men like it when women act
like women that's what they want out of
a woman they don't want a woman who
tries to act like a man because there
are men for that if they wanted to talk
to a man be around a man well there are
plenty of men in the world but they rely
on women to be women just like I assume
women rely on men to be men we have this
idea nowadays that men and women are
exactly the same and so that's where we
get this co-ed thing where everything
has to be co-ed everything could be we
think that everything can be co-ed
without losing anything in translation
because we have this idea that men and
women are exactly the same and of course
they are not and from there we get this
idea that men and women can be friends
with each other in exactly the same way
they could be friends with members of
the same sex in exactly the same way
that they're friends with members of the
opposite sex which also is not true this
is just something it's like so I think
for my generation a lot of us we got
this idea from TV because I know growing
up in the 90s a lot of the shows you
watched on Nickelodeon or whatever else
this was a big thing they were pushing
and I feel like half of these shows the
main character would be like a preteen
or teenage girl and her and her best
friend in life is a boy they're they're
just partners in crime there's no
attraction there they're just partners a
crime coming of age together right girl
and boy what was that show I don't
remember that what was the show on in
the 90s that everyone watched where it
was a girl and her best friend was a boy
and he would climb on a ladder he would
climb through her window to come visit
her and the parents were totally cooled
out Clarissa explains it all
was the show now we're gonna get into a
whole 90s conversation but that was the
show that was one of the shows on
Nickelodeon in the 90s and the main
character was this teenage girl and her
best friend was a boy and they were just
hanging out and so we got into our head
that this is how it works in real life
but it's it's not really how it works
guarantee again guaranteed you got a
teenage boy and he's claiming that his
best friend is a girl he's attracted to
her ten times out of ten 100% guaranteed
now when you wouldn't when you get
married then your spouse really does
become your best friend your partner for
life and you have the closest most
intimate bond obviously hopefully with
with your spouse but before you're
married and you're single generally your
closest bonds are gonna be with members
of the same sex your best friend if
you're a girl is gonna be a girl if it's
a guy it's gonna be a guy that's natural
it's just the way it goes
because again you just have a different
connection with those people because you
understand them because they're just
like you and that's why it's so
important to allow girls and boys to
have their own spaces girls - I'm not
only mean - leave them out it's just
that number one I'm not a girl so I
can't speak to that as much number two I
think girls are already allowed to have
their own spaces with one big exception
of course we know that girls are not
allowed to have their own locker rooms
and bathrooms anymore which is insane
and dangerous but even there you notice
that the price of entry for a boy if he
wants to get into the girl spaces is he
has to pretend that he is a girl whereas
for the boys no girls can come in and
there's no sureiy they're not to pretend
they're a boy it's just the boys are not
allowed to have that
so girls need to have their own spaces -
fortunately I think they are allowed for
the most part to have their own spaces
and also boys generally don't have the
desire or the urge to intrude into
female spaces if they're a bunch of
girls sitting around having a
conversation or doing something most
guys aren't going to say to themselves
oh I got to go be a part of that what
they're more likely to say is oh okay
all the girls are contained over here
let's go let's go over here and do
something else
so you don't find in guys this desire to
be seen as one of the girls
you're not often gonna find a guy
bragging that I'm just one of the girls
just like him
even in our enlightened age if a guy
went around saying that he would be
ridiculed rightly so by his male friends
maybe that'll change as we become even
more enlightened but as of right now
that's how it goes because it's natural
so let's just let's all just give each
other some space right I think we I
think we could all use it here's my
point all right that's it for me thanks
for watching thanks for listening
Godspeed everybody
