think Boy Scouts are no longer at the
Boy Scouts they're now called the Scouts
BSA this I just bring this topic up to
show that leftist ideologies are
essentially about destruction they're
not about creating new things they're
about destroying traditions they're not
about creating the Girl Scouts the Girl
Scouts already existed actually what
they're doing now is this pernicious
ideology of saying that men and women
are exactly the same that destroys the
Girl Scouts right by it doesn't create
the new Scouts it just destroys them and
makes it all this bland gray thing and
frankly I'm surprised it took this long
because we live in a gender neutral
society we've lived in the gender
neutral society increasingly for a long
time now I'm surprised the voice gets
even managed to continue to exist
and this gets to the point even
conservatives will say oh who cares
about the bathrooms
who cares about if men can use the
women's room or if there's a law that
says men have to be able to use the
women's room who cares about redefining
marriage who cares about it why we all
have gay friends we want them to be
happy who cares about redefining that
the central relationship in human nature
who cares about what's so marriage for
all of history meant the union of
husbands and wives and now it means you
know it includes monogamous people of
the same sex but only two of them for
some reason not three and then one who
cares it's what's the deal
it's look this is not a debate about
rights this is about the abuse of
language I just did a Praeger video on
this and the Boy Scouts proved me right
you can trace the demise of the voice
gets to the success of the
gender-neutral society the words contain
whole premises and when you control the
language you control the culture the
founding mission of the Boy Scouts in
1910 was to teach boys patriotism
courage self-reliance and kindred values
