and they've now suffering from the Trump
effect where the only thing they could
do to fight back against Trump is to
become Trump and it doesn't look good on
them this thing with joy read kind of
sums up what what's happening with these
people because they live in this fantasy
they live in this fantasy that they're
heroes they're oppressed they're not
oppressed they're not heroes they're
just biased Democrats it's just
Democrats with press cards that's all
they are they're Democrats spokesman
with press cards they've been doing the
same thing for 20 years
Trump has finally headed to Mara T to
talk to them openly about it to call
them openly what they are and they are
scattering and they've now suffering
from the Trump effect where the only
thing they could do to fight back
against Trump is to become Trump and it
doesn't look good on them this is the
way Trump destroys people he turns them
into the image of themselves but that
just reveals what hypocrites they are
because Trump hasn't been a hypocrite
but joy Reid was found to have put out
on an old blog gay jokes yeah the stuff
about people being gay and attacking
politicians for being gay they caught
her out on it some guy on Twitter caught
her out on it she says oh that's not me
I was hacked I was hacked and then the
FBI actually investigated this but they
found out she wasn't hacked it was her
she was making these jokes and joy Reid
is shocked shocked to discover that
she's joy Reid joy Reid is too shocked
that she is herself okay she comes on TV
and she says I can't I got somebody must
have to pay that I can't believe that I
me that I wrote these things I listen to
it listen to it a community that I
support and that I deeply care about is
hurting because of some despicable and
truly offensive posts being attributed
to me and many of you have seen these
blog posts circulating online and in
social media
many of them are homophobic
discriminatory and outright weird and
hateful when a friend found them in
December and sent them to me I was
stunned frankly I couldn't imagine where
they'd come from or whose voice that was
in the months since I've spent a lot of
time trying to make sense of these posts
I hired cyber security experts to see if
somebody had manipulated my words or my
former blog and the reality is they have
not been able to prove it but here's
what I know
I genuinely do not believe I wrote those
hateful things because they are
completely alien to me but I can
definitely understand based on things I
have tweeted and have written in the
past why some people don't believe me it
was evil joy read one excuses that I did
I I wrote these things but I can't
believe it and I'm shocked and I will
take this up with myself immediately my
only point about this is that only joy
read as shocked as discovers that she's
joy read only the press was shocked to
wake up the next morning and find we
didn't think they were funny we thought
they were low we thought they were mean
we think that they're dishonest the prat
they've poles continually show that
people don't trust them only the press
is shocked by this because they are
living in a fantasy that it's the left
wings fantasy of oppression and heroism
and it's simply not real and when they
get caught and when we see them we know
it's not real and they're shocked
shocked to find out that they're
themselves
