journalists at the White House
Correspondents Dinner on Saturday night
celebrated the First Amendment by
rolling around in excrement burying
their backsides and insulting women in
honor of the First Amendment president
of the White House Correspondents
Association Margaret disgraceful told
her fellow reporters quote when the
founders wrote the First Amendment they
intended us for us to swing from
branches while plucking excrement out of
our rear ends and throwing it at each
other
to celebrate our freedoms unquote
journalists at the dinner also gave
speeches in which they compared
themselves being criticized for
distorting the facts with journalists
and other countries who are jailed and
executed for telling the truth as one
reporter put a quote were kind of heroic
like those journalists in foreign
countries except they're telling the
truth and we're lying and they're
getting imprisoned and we're having
dinner and tuxedos otherwise we're just
the same unquote
some reporters came under attack after
the dinner for acting like rabid animals
wallowing in their own filth but as one
White House reporter put it quote look
at me I'm Jim Acosta I can take my pants
off and stand on my hands because I'm
Jim Acosta look at me
unquote that reporter made the comments
on condition of anonymity because he
said he didn't want everything to be
about him Jim Acosta trigger warning I'm
Andrew Clavin this is the Andrew Clavin
show
all right our friends in the press had a
Clavin last weekend I'm afraid you know
the claiming this week is coming up
might I have a vacation next week so you
guys should be storing up with food and
you know they pills to make the fresh
the walk make the water fresh and all
that stuff but you can now get the daily
wire on Apple news so that should help
you can add us to your news channels and
get our latest stories on the go just
like you would with real people all
right we're gonna talk about these are
journalists friends we're gonna and
Knowles is gonna come on and talk about
the caravan at our southern border you
will be asking for asylum we will be
refusing that so don't worry you will
still be wandering the streets alone as
you should be meanwhile you want we want
to talk about Skillshare you know I've
gone back on Skillshare recently I'm
planning to teach myself how to play the
piano you know I'm always I'm always
trying to teach myself something because
they say that it keeps your mind fresh
it keeps your mind from decaying I was
like talking about oh yeah the skill
service no you want to learn such skill
share is a great place to do it it's an
online learning platform with over
20,000 classes in business design
technology and more and whether you're
trying to deepen your professional skill
set or just learn something on the side
or just explore a new passion skill
share is there to keep you learning and
thriving I have to say the thing I
really like about these not only they
these are videos a series of video
lessons taught by people who really know
what they're talking about and they're
short you know so you can take in each
one in a couple of minutes and then move
on to the next and you can watch as many
or as few as you want and you can now
join the millions of students already
learning on Skillshare today with a
special offer which is just for my
listeners you can get two months of
Skillshare for just 99 cents this is a
real deal I mean you can go on there
just kind of look and taste some of the
stuff they've got there before you pay
your incredible 99 cents I know you have
to work for who knows how long you have
to work to earn your 99 cents but you
can sample
but then Skillshare is offering the
Andrew Clavin show listeners two months
of unlimited access to these over 20,000
classes for just 99 cents to sign up go
to skill shared comm slash Andrew go to
skill shared dot-com slash Andrew and
sought your two months for 99 cents
right now that skill share dot-com slash
Andrew they're lots of fun too I really
enjoy doing them go take a look so one
of the things I have now learned is the
left is lives in a fantasy of oppression
and heroism right to clowns get thrown
out of a starbucks and black people are
oppressed black people are not oppressed
in america black people are not
oppressed in america just because two
guys get thrown out of out of starbucks
or for any other reason
some woman gets chased around the desk
at work and that's sad and I'm sorry
that happens women are not oppressed in
America women are not oppressed in
America and the press gets criticized
for distorting the facts of having an
open animus toward Republicans and
toward Donald Trump and they think that
they are oppressed now the problem is
when you this is all fantasy the press
is as free as it could possibly be in
America there's no threat to the First
Amendment
except maybe from the people who riot
when right-wing speakers come to
campuses maybe that's a threat to the
First Amendment maybe Google and Twitter
and YouTube and Facebook you know
creating algorithms that destroy
conservative businesses and bury
conservative speech maybe those people
are being oppressed maybe that's an
attack on the First Amendment but it is
not a criticism it is not a an attack on
the First Amendment for reporters to be
attacked and criticized for what they
are in fact doing which is delivering
biased fake news so the problem is the
problem is if you think you're oppressed
genuinely oppressed people have a right
to do certain things that the rest of us
don't have a right to do oppress people
can fight back oppress people can treat
their enemies like oppressors and like
enemies but if you're just here living
in America where you're not oppressed to
do that makes you a lowlife and so the
press got caught in the Trump effect
over the weekend and it made me laugh I
chuckled like an evil villain in an evil
chuckling movie I did
cuz they got caught the Trump effect the
Trump effect is where people try to
imitate Trump's kind of bullying brass
style but instead they find themselves
under attack for being bullies and being
you know lowlifes and the reason that
happens is is because Trump is actually
reacting to something that happens he's
bullying bullies but when the press acts
like bullies they're just acting the way
they always do these are the people who
told us that Mitt Romney was a murderer
who told us that george w bush was a
liar these are the people who attack you
know donald trump for moving of martin
luther king statue in the oval office
when he didn't and then say oh it was
just a mistake it was an innocent
mistake so when they do it it becomes
ridiculous so you have to you know you
have to take a look at this White House
Correspondents Dinner and I don't want
to over blow this because it has been it
was a funny week last week where a lot
of social a lot of cultural stuff was
coming up with Kanye West and you know
sometimes right-wingers are silly about
the culture they do not understand the
culture so they don't understand why
it's important when Kanye West stands up
and stands with the president it's
important because it shows that it can
be done you don't have to back down you
can be black and a Republican you can be
black and like Donald Trump all those
things impossible shows that doesn't
make Kayne West a great artist does make
him a great philosopher it just it
doesn't even mean you have to like his
music I don't I don't I've never even
heard a cut the only time I've heard a
Kanye West lyric is when Knowles is
telling me what's its song that's the
eye if for a long time I thought Knowles
and Kanye West were the same people you
know you never see them together you
know they Mayo and they both recite his
lyrics so I figured Kanye West and
Michael knows were in fact the same
person but but in fact I know it's
important and there's nothing wrong with
celebrating the fact that Kanye West is
showing people that you can be
courageous and stand up for yourself and
you don't have to be Hank Azaria and
back down you don't have to be Shania
Twain and back down that's important so
this this dinner was important because
it showed again a press living in a
fantasy of oppression and heroism that
gives them the right to do things they
shouldn't do but because it's a fantasy
when they get caught in the reality of
it it just makes them look as awful as
they are let's let's start first of all
Donald Trump just he's so much smarter
than they are I mean just in terms I
don't even know
if IQ is a fair measurement of
intelligence all I know is if Donald
Trump is not smarter than our reporters
then it's it's even worse because he
just keeps outsmarting them so they're
being outsmarted by somebody who's not
smart as they are he went to Washington
Michigan right he said would you rather
be in Washington DC or Washington
Michigan and made a speech about them
and made them look utterly absurd so
here here's just a quick cut of Trump
cut number 13 talking about this dinner
that's going on Saturday night in
Washington DC of the press celebrating
themselves and creating their little
fantasy of how oppressed and heroic they
are and here's Donald Trump just making
fun of them remember the exit polls the
exit polls they come out who did you
vote for none of your business
a hundred percent those people are for
Trump we love those
we love those people
you know there was a mayor of a certain
city
by the way by the way by the way is this
better than that phony Washington White
House correspondence
I could be up there tonight smiling like
I love where they're hitting you shot
after shot these people they hate your
guts shot and I'm supposed and you know
you got a spot and if you don't smile
they'll say he was terrible he couldn't
take it and if you do smile they'll say
what was he smiling about you know
there's no way they're having fun
of course they look like they're
everyone meanwhile they're showing up in
the dinner and CNN is covering the red
carpet as if anybody gave a rat's
caboose about what is happening the
White House correspondent sir
the CNN is covering this like it's a red
carpet man who's their biggest star the
guy the lawyer who represents the porn
star stormy Daniels I listen listen to
this this is a red carpet interview on
CNN as if they're going to the Oscars at
least people watch the movies people
don't even watch CNN but they're
covering this and their big star is the
guy who represents stormy Daniels listen
to this and obviously we see you there
with Michael avenatti the attorney for
stormy Daniels
yes puppy that's right probably one of
the biggest stars we have at this dinner
tonight certainly one of the most
controversial of course this is Michael
of a naughty the lawyer for stormy
Daniels the woman who is suing President
Trump of course welcome to the dinner
this is your first Correspondents Dinner
yes it is so you are here but president
Trump is not of course for the second
year in a row the first president to not
attended that dinner since Ronald Reagan
who of course skipped the dinner because
he was suffering from a gunshot wound
what do you think about the president
not attending this freedom this is a
toast to the press freedom two years in
a row well as you know I just call it
like I see it and I think it's entirely
disrespectful I think it's disrespectful
to the First Amendment I think it's
disrespectful that constant
I think it's disrespectful to one of the
founding principles that this nation was
founded on if you can't laugh at
yourself you have no business being in
the position quite honestly you know I
don't know why is hiding tonight the
only excuse that is good enough for me
is if he's getting ready for his next
Fox & Friends
appearance if you don't have an excuse
good enough for stormy Daniels lawyer
then you're really in a sad state of I
mean it's a it's an offense against the
First Amendment says this clown because
he didn't go to watch them celebrate
themselves and attack him viciously we
will get back to this in just a minute
but first let me remind you that
Mother's Day is coming up now I know my
listeners many of you were just spawned
but for those of you who have mothers
you want to send them flowers 1-800
flowers is the way to go they have got
this beautiful mix of roses they sent it
they sent it to me and I got to take a
look at it just absolutely beautiful and
this Mother's Day you want to say tell
your mom thank you for bringing me into
this world and great agony and suffering
and then raising me in spite of the fact
that you would much rather than doing
anything else so City you go to 1-800
flowers dot-com and you can say thank
you for all those things with an
exclusive 24 for 24 offer 24
multicolored roses for just 24 bucks
that's only a dollar per rose it's a
bright beautiful mix of premium roses
1-800 flowers are picked at their peak
from premier farms and shipped overnight
to ensure freshness 24 multicolored
roses for only $24 is an amazing offer
and you'll still owe your mother at
least fifty thousand dollars for just
putting up with you at all you have to
hurry this offer expires soon just pick
your delivery date and 1-800 flowers
we'll handle the rest don't put it off
order today from 1-800 flowers calm how
do you get this deal you order 24
stunning multicolored roses for only $24
at 1-800 flowers dot-com click the radio
icon and enter code clayvin and then you
ask yourself how does my mother spell
her name she spells her name que la vie
and that's 1-800 flowers dot-com code
clayvin 24 beautiful and they really is
a beautiful bouquet you get 24 roses for
24 bucks if you can pass the test and
spell Clavin properly that's
I have to do so this is an insult to the
First Amendment and this is what's going
on even let me let me just stop for a
minute before we get to this Michelle
wolf comedian and the stuff she said
there was a briefing at the State
Department the other day right this is
last week and they put out this this
report on countries human rights
practices right so we're talking about
peak places where people are being raped
and tortured children are being killed
and murdered you know people have being
thrown in prison you're journalists in
those countries it's like you raise your
hand to ask a question they just cut
your hand off and throw you away right
and The Associated Press is Mike Lee
says to the State Department's Michael
Kozak he says how can you represent
freedom of the phret when you are
attacking us us wonderful heroic
reporters just listen to this quick
exchange this is a 16 how is this not
how are you do not open yourself up to
charges of hypocrisy and how effective
you think you can be leading by example
thank you okay let's see if I can
remember it's one of those but I think
as you go through the reports you'll see
the countries that we criticized for
limiting press freedom it's for things
like having criminal libel laws where
you can be put in jail for what you say
it's for things like yanking the
licenses of media outlets you don't like
or in many cases killing the journalists
so I think we make quite a distinction
between political leaders being able to
speak out and say that that story was
not accurate or using even stronger
words sometimes and using state power to
prevent the journalists from continuing
to do their work I have to explain to
the Associated Press the difference
between being criticized because your
coverage is unfair and being murdered
for telling the truth he's got to
explain this to people I mean it really
is like these guys who got tossed out of
Starbucks it's the same fantasy they're
all living in this fantasy of an
oppression and heroism that gives them
the right to do awful things to other
people who are not doing anything it's
people people there were slaves in this
druwa skits Starbucks and it's like your
swing low Sweet Chariot I mean come on
you know you're at you got it good this
is good here you know and the press is
dealing with a president who fights back
too bad so this goes on into the dinner
right they go into the dinner and the
president of the Correspondents Dinner
Association makes a speech in which she
compares what they're doing there to the
people who are actually in the room who
were thrown into prison this is cut
number three but we reject efforts by
anyone especially our elected leaders to
paint journalism as unamerican
to undermine trust between Reporter
reader
or to cast doubt on the relevance of
facts in truth in the modern age an
attack on any journalist is attack on us
all business of protecting journalism as
a business in fact our business is all
done pretty well in the last couple
years it is about protecting a pillar of
American democracy the best leaders in
public servants champion the First
Amendment even when the scrutiny is
turned on them and defend it at home and
proclaim it overseas because they know
that that helps democracy and freedom
take root and places where violence
repression and fear give cover to
terrorism and corruption I'd like to ask
for a moment of silence to remember
journalists around the world killed for
doing their jobs so we go right from
them be she says we don't have the it's
terrible thing when they so distrust
between a reporter and his readers right
I mean this is basically what we should
have I love my country I distrust my
government I love the First Amendment I
distrust the press because the press
lies they distort things they're all on
one side we see how much they hate
Donald Trump we saw before they hated
Donald Trump they hated george w bush
just as much just as much and they were
just as nasty to mitt romney so now
they're gonna tell us oh yeah but this
time the wolf is at the door we can see
what he's doing I mean we see he's an
obstreperous big character with a lot of
personal flaws we see he has personal
failings he's doing a pretty good job
actually he's about fit he's about that
he's just about to end the Korean War
possibly get Kim jong-un to give up some
of those nuclear weapons maybe you know
maybe that'll happen but it's like you
know all they do is assault him in this
unfair way and then they want to they
say oh it's we're the victims here and
then she goes right into after talking
about being criticized she goes right
into a moment of silence for people who
are actually suffering because she is
creating living in that fantasy that
fantasy that they were oppressed and
their heroes so that gives them the
right to disc immediate command do what
she did and they're trying to distance
themselves from her but they are her
everything she knew that room she knew
what they wanted to hear and she gave it
to the
and they got caught and for a while
before people saw started to react they
were saying wow she really destroyed
Donald Trump wow she really got I mean
people CNN in real time was changing its
opinion as the results came in maybe she
went you know she destroyed Donald well
maybe she went too far well it was a
disgusting
you know performance let's listen a
little bit to some of the stuff she did
the personal attacks on Sarah Sanders
she's not the first person to do this
attacking their fur looks attacking her
as a liar you know it's of absolute
personal attack and Sarah Sanders is
sitting there who's a really classy lady
I machines that you know she I would not
have handled this with as much class she
handled this with absolute class
absolutely you know raised her stock
with I think anybody who's paying
attention but listen to the nastiness of
this Sanders we are graced with Sarah's
presence tonight I have to say I'm a
little star-struck I love you as aunt
Lydia on The Handmaid's Tale
my pens if you haven't seen it you would
love it every time Sarah steps up to the
podium I get excited because I'm not
really sure what we're gonna get you
know a press briefing a bunch of lies or
divided into softball teams it shirts
and skins and this time don't be such a
little Jim Acosta
I actually really like Sarah I think
she's very resourceful like she burns
facts and then she uses that ash to
create a perfect smoky eye like maybe
she's born with it maybe it's lies it's
probably life and I'm not really sure
what to call Sarah Huckabee Sanders you
know is it Sarah Sanders is it Sarah
Huckabee Sanders is it cousin Huckabee
is it auntie Huckabee Sanders like
what's Uncle Tom but for white women who
disappoint other white women Coulter Wow
I mean really really nasty personal
stuff and make no mistake they were
laughing you could hear him laughing
anything they said afterward came
afterward she is them they are her and I
know that's that's not grammatically
correct but it is true they are the same
person she knew exactly the room she was
playing and and here's the thing the
left that what the left hates is they
hate being caught up being who they are
why doesn't it touch Trump when he does
this it doesn't touch Trump because he
is who he is he has always been the same
person he is a product of the culture
the left created it's the left in the
60s that introduced vulgarity it's the
left in the 60s that made it okay to say
the things that people say now on TV and
in public Trump is a product of that he
was created he is like he is like
Godzilla you know they set off the atom
bomb that destroyed our culture he's the
monster that came out and now when they
stoop to that they are the ones who have
pretended all this time you know they're
their guys Joe Biden goes and says
Republicans want to put black people
back in Chains
nobody even takes a pause nobody says a
word that's fine that's fine but if
Donald Trump says the crowd at his
inaugural was bigger that's a lie you
know that's that it was that's a lot you
know and so she goes on and this was
looked to me the most telling jokes she
made she went after Mike Pence and I
don't know what it is about pence that
drives these people crazy that he's too
decent that he's polite that he's a
Christian that he believes in God that
he follows his creek you know what
about mic pants that just sets them up
it's that he's better than they are it's
that he's a better human being than they
are and they can't stand that he
oppresses them by being better than that
so she goes starts to go after him but
listen to the what she starts joking
about here because just when you think
Trump is awful you remember Mike Bettes
my fence is what happens when Anderson
Cooper isn't gay
my the kind of guy that brushes his
teeth and then drinks orange juice and
things mmm
Mike Pence is also very anti choice
he thinks abortion is murder which first
of all don't knock it till you try it
hey did you try it really knock it you
know you gotta get that baby out of
there God so she's making jokes about
killing babies that's who they are
that's really and by the way I just want
to point out that during that cut if you
couldn't see that Rodgers Eleni the New
York time for my New York Times now CNN
reporter who asked Barack Obama whether
he was charmed and delighted to be
President that was his big question how
enchanted are you to be President
Delaney comes out later on Jeff Zeleny
comes out I called him right Jeff Zeleny
right he comes out and he then he says
oh she went too far he was cut 15 I
thought the jokes were one-sided not
necessarily funny but she was invited by
the White House Correspondents
Association so you know I think that
this dinner has had a lot of bad moments
um was thinking back last evening as I
was watching this cringe-worthy
performance in some respects going after
the appearance of Sarah Sanders which I
thought was inappropriate and not funny
you know be a weapons of mass
destruction a video from the Bush
administration where people were
climbing around the floor of the Oval
Office looking for the WMD also not
funny so it's not the first time there's
been awkward moments but look I think
the president wins he goes out to
Washington a township of Michigan far
away from this the press has done a lot
of incredible work this year here at CNN
of course the Washington Post New York
Times other places a lot of that was I
think overtaken by a skit that wasn't
very funny and we sometimes I celebrate
ourselves too much I think the reality
is it's a important job in last night I
don't think we lived up to it so just
just remember that cut before he's out
there he's making laughing at those
jokes about pence he's got all this
stuff you know this thing with jaw read
I'm gonna end with this this this thing
with joy I read kind of sums up what
what's happening with these people
because they live in this fantasy they
live in
fantasy that they're heroes they're
oppressed they're not oppressed they're
not heroes they're just biased Democrats
there's just Democrats with press cards
that's all they are they're Democrats
spokesman with press cards they've been
doing the same thing for 20 years
Trump has finally headed to Mara tea to
talk to them openly about it to call
them openly what they are and they are
scattering and they've now suffering
from the Trump effect where the only
thing they could do to fight back
against Trump is to become Trump and it
doesn't look good on them this is the
way Trump destroys people he turns them
into the image of themselves but that
just reveals what hypocrites they are
because Trump hasn't been a hypocrite
but joy Reid was found to have put out
on an old blog gay jokes me this stuff
about people being gay in attacking
politicians for being gay they caught
her out on it some guy on Twitter caught
her out on it she says oh that's not me
I was hacked I was hacked and then the
IP FBI actually investigated this but
they found out she wasn't hacked it was
her she was making these jokes and joy
Reid is shocked shocked to discover that
she's joy Reid joy Reid is too shocked
that she is herself okay she comes on TV
and she says I can't I got somebody must
have to pay that I can't believe that I
me that I wrote these things I listen to
it listen to it a community that I
support and that I deeply care about is
hurting because of some despicable and
truly offensive post being attributed to
me and many of you have seen these blog
posts circulating online and in social
media
many of them are homophobic
discriminatory and outright weird and
hateful when a friend found them in
December and sent them to me I was
stunned frankly I couldn't imagine where
they'd come from or whose voice that was
in the months since I've spent a lot of
time trying to make sense of these posts
I hired cyber security experts to see if
somebody had manipulated my words or my
former blog and the reality is they have
not been able to prove it
but here's what I know I genuinely do
not believe I wrote those hateful things
because they are completely alien to me
but I can definitely understand based on
things I have tweeted and have written
in the past why some people don't
believe me it was evil joy read
one excuses that I did I I wrote these
things but I can't believe it and I'm
shocked and I will take this up with
myself immediately my only point about
this is that only joy reid is shocked to
discover that she's joy read only the
press was shocked to wake up the next
morning and find we didn't think they
were funny
we thought we they were low we thought
they were mean we think that they're
dishonest the prat they've poles
continually show that people don't trust
them only the press is shocked by this
because they are living in a fantasy
that it's the left wings fantasy of
oppression and heroism and it's simply
not real and when they get caught and
when we see them we know it's not real
and they're shocked shocked to find out
that they're themselves speaking of
people who are shocked to find out them
they're themselves Michael Knowles is
going to be with us to talk about the
caravan at our southern border that will
be in just a moment but first I got to
say goodbye to YouTube and wherever else
you may be watching like in some radio
in an attic in some oppressive country
fearful that you might be rated at any
moment we're cutting you off now because
you don't subscribe the daily wire.com
and subscribe if you're going to get
arrested for listening to us you might
as well have a subscription for the
lousy ten bucks a month for a lousy
hundred bucks you get the whole year
plus left us tears I know and it fills
up automatically whenever Noll speaks
which you will moment it all right nulls
nice jacket so so I I just have to ask
did you see this Avengers movie that
everybody keeps telling me was so great
uh in deference to the Andrew Klavan
show and the Michael Noel's show viewers
I did not see this movie because I just
know I you know there's a 98% chance
I'll have nothing nice to say about it
right and they get so and people get so
angry when you criticize Marvel I know
they get so ticked off with us I what I
did though instead was I just danced
around the room for two and a half hours
you know what instead I saw any other
movie
you know I have movie pests so they're
all free yeah you know and yeah I saw
the joaquin phoenix movie quite good
actually
was that good yeah I was quite good it's
like every walkie in Phoenix movie it's
just him kind of shaking and muttering
to himself are two hours he doesn't care
if he makes contact with the audience at
all like I watch I watched the hit man's
bodyguard which I have to be honest like
kind of second rate action films are my
bliss you know they just they've just
put me in this kind of haze like it's
good you know my eyes kind of get all
white and milky and I just sit there was
this kind of stupid smile on my face it
was great so anyway what is happening
with this thing on the southern border
are we being invaded I mean if I read
Rudge it makes me feel like an aren't
the armies of the night are coming for
us that's what's happening oh speaking
of following your bliss there are a
thousand in Central Americans who have
left Honduras and are marching all the
way up and they've just arrived at the
border at Tijuana and a lot is there's a
lot of fake news about this Drudge is
giving some of the best headlines
because the mainstream media obviously
are covering this up so much so you've
got to watch the words here I have a
Prager you video out today about how the
left manipulates words to manipulate our
emotions and nowhere is that more
evident than in this this migrant
caravan so what they've done is say that
these people are not just foreign
nationals who decided to invade our
country they are refugees or they're
asylum seekers and that language is very
important because after the Holocaust
the United States agreed along with many
other countries in the world that
whenever someone shows up at your door
and asks for political asylum and makes
the claim no matter how absurd that
they'll be killed if they're returned to
their country you have to process them
so you have to give them some entry and
give them a due process and consider
their claim so this is this is very
important the organization that is
running this whole thing is called way
blow sinfronteras which is roughly
people without borders or towns without
borders and it's it's an ironic name
because of course there isn't such a
thing as a town without a border the
border makes the town and the border
makes the country nevertheless there's
you know what I think what they want to
suggest what they want the optics to
look like is that this is a
grassroots uprising of refugees in worn
torn Honduras who have just one day
decided that they're all going to march
heroically march two thousand miles to
the border that's not really what
happened there there are a lot of buses
and trains that take part in this and
it's all organized by an American
organization way bless San Fran Terrace
despite the Spanish name is actually
based in Los Angeles County the
organization's based right here yeah
they use the name in Spanish well one
because that's I think the official
language of Los Angeles County but also
also to make it seem like this
transnational movement which is what
they're trying to show so there were a
thousand people that left Honduras some
of them fell off along the way they
stuck around in Mexico or or somewhere
else and 600 or at the door now it's
amazing the the guy who's organizing
this Rodrigo abeja he said these they're
these are people that have been stranded
in Mexico awaiting refuge most of them
have to wait a year or more and and the
majority of them get rejected eventually
in America but what that what they say
is that the people who go once they get
to Mexico and ask for asylum quote when
Mexico rejects them the next step is to
go to the US the safest and most
organized way is through the caravan
so he's admitting that any sane country
up to and including Mexico is gonna
reject these people because you don't
get to just invade someone else's
country only the United States feels
that it is our humanitarian mission that
we have to accept anybody who shows up
at our door but surely I mean there's
got to be a limit right that we can't
accept everybody so if there's a limit
somebody's got to set the limit should
be us right shouldn't be them how dare
you am I on an alt right you support the
Constitution now you wrote all three I
think the left has to get rid of that
alt button on their computer because I
don't have to use it yeah so so wait so
this is organized by in America to bring
up these guys so there's going to be
towns with no borders but it's only our
border that's going because of course if
you go down to Mexico they'll arrest you
like TSA exempt these they get to have
their borders it really it should be
America
Fronteras that's really what the it's
America without borders and of course
you know you would say the does a
country have a right to determine who
comes in who accesses taxpayer-funded
services who gets to use the education
systems and healthcare systems who gets
to vote in elections and really that's
what this is all about immigrants both
legal and illegal from Central America
and South America identify with
Democrats between three times as
frequently and 8.7 five times as
frequently as they identify with
Republicans so it's an electoral
strategy Democrats have admitted this
but I think this is all excellent for
Trump actually I think this Caravan is
great news for it's good for drum why
well we have 600 people crossing the
border and everyone everyone who is sane
everyone who doesn't work for the New
York Times thinks this is a pretty tough
situation meanwhile the New York Times
headline reads migrant caravan after
grueling trip reaches border now the
really hard part
CNN huddling on the concrete they wait
through the turnstiles is America I'm
Jim Acosta but presumably that's what
they were thinking now I have the sad
now you have to have the sad but
presumably everyone else in the country
thinks this is absurd that we have six
hundred to a thousand people flooding
across our border except that happens
every single day real ever it more than
a thousand every single day in the
United States we arrest 1000 illegal
aliens crossing the border now every day
but our policy is absurd here this got
the title during the Bush era we have a
policy called catch and release catch
and release that's a real policy that
isn't fake news what we do because we're
required to give these people due
process and asylum and get you know go
through the asylum process we arrest
them but it takes a long time it's not
like you arrest them and then two hours
later you say okay you're deported or
you get to stay so what we do is we
arrest them and we say okay now you now
you better show up for your court date
your court dates in about three months
you you better show up for that and if
you don't nothing will happen and you'll
just get to live in America that's what
happens and so they keep flooding
through if this can call attention to
that problem if we can say this was
actually a good day for illegal
immigration it's much lower
then it normally happens perhaps Trump
can actually get something accomplished
we know that illegal immigration has
plummeted 40 percent since he became
president and hopefully we can codify
some of that into law so that we can
prevent prevent the real blue wave from
from coming across the border I I do not
understand with any of this
why this isn't purely a rule of law
issue I've never understood this you
know they always obviously the left
always wants to throw race issues to
make you feel bad so you you back down
but I do not understand why the laws are
passed as I recall I seem to remember
that the laws are passed in Washington
in Congress so when you have congressmen
and Senators saying oh we don't have to
obey those laws what what are they what
kind of country are they envisioning in
a country where we bathe the laws until
our hearts are moved by CNN writing
about the concrete I mean is that is
that really the country that they want
to have because after all the the
people's emotions aren't always going to
go their way people are sometimes gonna
moat and say you know what we'd like to
come to Washington and drag you out in
the street and dump you and tar and
feathers and throw you in the Potomac
you know and and then we would say well
yeah but that's against the law but so
what you know so so I don't understand
why we don't debate this wholly on a
rule of law basis and as you say chafe
if this law is not serving our country
which it doesn't sound like it is let's
change the law there's there's there's
no debating on the left anymore I don't
mean that I don't mean that in a glib
sort of way they admit to it themselves
they shout their abortion they say we
have to shout our abortion they yell and
they scream the reasoned discourse is
over for them and there are two really
awful vicious angles on this there's the
philosophical one there they've embraced
this leftist philosophy of
intersectionality whereby regardless of
reason or logic
everybody has to gang up against the
straight white man who thinks he's way
right and he that might mean that gay
activists and radical Muslims have to
gang up on the straight white man who
thinks he's a man in America their
interests don't seem to align but they
can at least destroy what they view is
the oppressive top of the hierarchical
structure there's a that that's a very
anti
chuckle filt philosophy and then there's
the political angle which is even in the
early 2000 dem even in the late 2000s
Democrats ran and said we oppose illegal
immigration and which makes sense
because the people voting for you or the
people here legally right that has
changed since they've seen that they are
so close if they just give amnesty to a
few more people if they just give
amnesty to some more felons and some
more foreigners and some more children
if they give them all the right to vote
then they'll win more elections I think
the rule of law is no longer in their
favor and so they're going to undermine
it you know there's a line in the the
famous play a man for all seasons about
st. Thomas More and I can't quote it
exactly but what he says basically is if
you knock down the laws to get away to
chase the devil what will you do when
the devil turns around on you how what
will protect you all the laws having
been laid flat and I think that that's
that is going to come back and haunt
them what are you talking about on your
show today today I'm gonna be talking
all about Michelle wolf I'll be knocking
down every criticism but she I'll be
going joke by joke I watched this whole
thing I didn't watch Avengers but I did
watch her and I'll explain why Michelle
wolf is not a comedian the difference
between comedy and important comedy the
difference between laughs and claps ah
great sounds terrific I will be there
Michael no show come out thanks Knowles
all right our crappy culture so I can't
let the show go by without talking about
Bill Cosby Bill Cosby when I was a kid
was my hero and when I say he was my
hero
his picture was on my wall i imitated
him I could do stand-up I would
frequently like when I was 10 years old
we'd do stand-up comedy routines in his
style it is really hard to I mean so now
we're talking about when I was a little
boy so there's like 18 42 right there's
a long time ago we you know it's really
hard to talk about the impact that the
guy had I spy I never missed a single it
I was on for three years I never missed
a single episode of I spy that is who I
wanted to be I wanted to be Bill Cosby
that Carrie I want to be that character
on I spy you know the funny thing about
this is looking back on it and I
experienced always talking about lived
experience my lived experience was this
head-up virtually nothing to do with him
being black it never actually really
occurred to me in those terms his his
blackness it was really his his poverty
the fact that he grew up in relative
poverty and I grew up in relative
privilege that gave him an authenticity
that I envied and that I wanted to
imitate and it gave him a kind of street
smart and Street cool that I you know
didn't associate with being black I just
associated associated with his his
economic class but the fact that a white
boy in a suburb wanted to emulate this
guy and that emulated him didn't drag
him down as if he had been some rap star
talk you know spewing obscenities and
hatred for women but in fact kind of
element elevated me to want to be more
authentic to want to be more real to
find the humor in my life find what was
interesting in my life you know that is
an actual accomplishment and the people
who are picking on and today you know
remote many of them wouldn't be here if
it hadn't been for Cosby because when
you're the first guy out there all kinds
of problems you know present themselves
that don't present themselves later on
Chris Rock will never face the things
that the Cosby face and Cosby did a good
job there's no excuse for what he did
what he did was a horrible horrible
crime he's been convicted on three
counts of sexual assault and it seems
like this was a history he had of
feeding women drugs and then attacking
them while they were incapacitated which
is a obviously some kind of deep
sickness I mean it's not even a sexy
thing to think about do it do it it's
not what it's not it you know I mean to
just knock people out like that so
there's no excuse for him and it stains
this achievement that he had which was a
really massive achievement cuz most of
you know him is like America's dad and
all this stuff which I was out of the
country when that happened that was a
way way beyond my childhood but as a
child it is it's just impossible to
overstate the the way he swept into our
culture like just that there's a meteor
just hitting the culture and just
changed a lot of the ways we talked and
a lot of the ways we we thought about
our own childhoods and and how he taught
us to dramatize our childhoods and find
the humor in them so
again no excuses for what he did but but
we have to think about the questions of
generalization because what Cosby did
what it was his great achievement was
that he individualized himself he was an
individual wait I didn't think of him as
a black man I didn't think of him as
blacks coming along I thought of him as
cos he was the cause and he was somebody
that you admired that is what we lose
with intersectionality and that is what
we lose with the racism of look I mean
woek is racism so not only does it if a
black person does something now it does
it represent black people I mean does it
does what Cosby did represent black of
course it doesn't of course it doesn't
and guess what it also doesn't represent
it doesn't represent men and that is the
sin of the me2 movement is that it's
tarz men for the behavior of louts and
that is the same kind of sin as either
tarring people for being black or
tearing people for being white or
attacking people in these groups it is
insane it is an insane way for us to
relate to one another
Tom Brokaw has been accused of attacking
someone and he had the temerity to
defend himself by saying this didn't
happen this woman said he attacked her
many many years ago and she has a
typical excuse of saying it now thirty
years later whatever it is and I was
watching Alison cammarata and brian
Stelter are talking about it on CNN and
basically we're supposed to assume that
Brokaw is guilty and all the women who
work with Brokaw over a hundred women
said no the guy has always treated women
with respect he's always been a decent
person the woman who accused him Linda
Wester Brokaw says that she has a grudge
and that she's coming after I don't know
which one is true but why should we
believe one over the other but listen to
this conversation between Stelter and
Cammarata and how they convict him
basically on air why in this me too
moment where so many women have come out
and told the stories of what they've
experienced in Hollywood or the media or
any other industry why the backlash
against Linda investors this angry
denial from Tom Brokaw as a big part of
it he issued this letter first to his
colleagues but it quickly leaked out to
the media where he called her a
character assassin absolutely denied the
allegations said she was seeking fame
and fortune
this was a shocking response by Tom
Brokaw clearly he believes he's the
victim and not Linda Wester I think
that's one of the reasons why his
colleagues are standing by him and BC
standing by him apparently NBC doesn't
feel there's enough evidence to
investigate to warrant any action right
now remember even though he's retired
from the nightly news he's a special
correspondent on the network all the
time
I think the unanswered question here is
whether there are other women who may
come forward I've been asking Bester's
attorney if he's heard from other women
he will not answer that question
but that statement you just read
alluding to best or having more to say
soon that's curious because last week
she said she's speaking out now because
she wants to make sure NBC is taking
this issue seriously she believes there
was a systemic culture of sexual
harassment at that company that was not
taken seriously she wants a thorough
investigation she doesn't feel that's
happening yeah you know each of us was
born with his own soul with which to
start the world a fresh each of us is
responsible for his own sins in each of
us is to be credited for his own
achievements the way that the press has
become a a vehicle for intersectionality
a vehicle for blaming people in groups
praising people in groups looking at
people in groups is part of why nobody
trusts them part of why people criticize
them they're not oppressed they're just
doing a bad job
I'm Andrew Klavan this is the Andrew
Clavin show we'll see you again tomorrow
the Andrew Klavan show is produced by
Robert Sterling executive producer
Jeremy boring senior producer Jonathan
hey our supervising producer is Mathis
Glover technical producer Austin Stevens
edited by Alex zingaro audio is mixed by
Mike Carmina hair and makeup is by
Jesuit Vera and our animations are by
Cynthia Angulo and Jacob Jackson the
Andrew Clavin show is a daily wire for
word publishing production copyright for
word publishing 2018
