James Comey testified that he hands it
over material to a friend of his that
was probably classified and he's asked
about by bret baier did you leak watch
James Comey around for an answer
so the story of that briefing leaks out
almost immediately after you do at CNN
and others run the story of this
unverified dossier did you or your
subordinates leaked that no did James
clapper no not to my knowledge no John
Brennan I I don't know who leaked it I
had no part in any leaking of it it was
about four or five days later that it
leaked but I remember cuz President
Elect called me about it you ever try to
find out who leaked an unclassified
public document no ma did he try
apparently he never tried to find out
who leaked the news of him informing
Trump of the dossier to the press which
was used as the news hook by BuzzFeed to
actually released the entire dossier no
he never bothered to look into that he
was also asked did you leak write did
you leak when you when you leaked after
your firing all of your memos your
friend was data leak and he said well I
don't think so I mean I don't know and
Bret Baier was like well it kind of was
well then isn't that sort of the
definition of a leak and Comey had no
answer for that Comey admitted that he
said he didn't know who the Democrats
funded the Steele dossier which is
insane of course he knew the Democrats
funded that Steele dossier watch him
futz around on this one yeah I still
don't know that for a fact
what do you mean I've only seen it in
the media I never knew exactly which
Democrats had funded and it was funded
first by Republicans of the dollar I'm
sorry that's not true that the dossier
that Christopher Steele worked on was
funded by Republican my understanding
was his work started funded by Oppo Riaz
Oppo research funded by Republicans free
beacon and said that they had Glenn
Simpson and fusion GPS on a kind of a
retainer but they did not fund the
Christopher Steele memo or the dossier
that was initiated by Democrats okay my
understanding was the activity was begun
that the Steele was hired to look into
was first funded by Republicans then
picked up the important thing was picked
up by Democrats opposed to Donald
Trump's okay so I like how even here
he's fussing around I mean he really
looks bad last night and well he should
have because he again is making a fool
of himself the fact that media keep
trotting him out I think they were
undercutting
own credibility here
