there's asperity between what is
happening in the news for instance
Donald Trump's meeting with the French
president I just sat there and I thought
to myself you know the biggest lie the
biggest lie that American journalists
tell themselves the biggest lie American
Germans tell is the lie they tell
themselves the lie that they are doing a
good job and a lie that if they're being
attacked it must be because they're
being adversarial heroic reporters there
is there's an old expression and a lot
of people are said to have said this
love your country but don't trust your
government well my expression is love
the First Amendment but don't
necessarily trust the people who use it
who benefit from it I mean I am an
absolutist when it comes to the First
Amendment I don't believe there should
be any censorship I believe you should
be able to say whatever you want tell
whatever you want that's why I so I'm so
annoyed and disrespectful of Google and
Twitter and YouTube for silencing
conservatives I think everybody should
get a chance to talk but that doesn't
make you a good reporter and it doesn't
make you a good journalist and when I
look at these guys they are working so
hard because Trump attacks them so much
as they deserve they tell themselves
that it's Trump you know that's the lie
they tell them so so we must be really
getting to him when instead all they do
is lie and lie and lie and you know our
press our press basically has now become
an arm of the Democrat Party I mean
there's just the numbers just show it 7%
of journalists identify as Republicans
28% of you know identify as Democrats
something like 50 percent identify as
independents and they are lying they are
just lying they are Democrats if any of
those 50 percent who identify as
independents has ever voted for anyone
other than a Democrat
it's a socialist I mean they are not
they are not middle-of-the-road
you know they don't let a lot of places
won't let journalists donate to
campaigns but those journals who did
donate ninety six percent of them
donated to Hillary Clinton in the last
election
