it affects grown men little boys and
even happens to males still in utero you
know the ability to pitch a tent in the
morning without any actual camping
skills now that we've got the one
obligatory joke out of the way we can
get to the hard facts of nocturnal
penile tumescence otherwise known as
morning wood it turns out morning
erections are part of the normal sleep
cycle and occur multiple times
throughout the night the mind and body
go through stages of sleep from non-rem
stages which gradually become deep sleep
finally followed by REM or rapid eye
movement sleep which is actually fairly
shallow sleep this cycle occurs between
four or five times a night
as you enter REM sleep not only do
dreams occur but a few physiological
changes take place as well namely
your brain begins to shut off some
neurotransmitters in an effort to
regulate your body and in some cases
stop you from acting out your dreams one
of these neurotransmitters
norepinephrine happens to be involved in
the control of erections specifically it
causes a vasoconstriction of penis blood
vessels actively preventing an erection
it's like a stop sign to blood flow but
as you enter REM sleep norepinephrine
decreases and testosterone related
actions are now able to take place this
leads to vasodilation or increased blood
flow to the blood vessels ultimately
causing an erection why is this
important well similar to muscle and
other tissue at night this extra blood
increases oxygenation serving as a
system of repair and helping to maintain
functionality but why do we often wake
up to this pleasant surprise well we
often wake up just out of REM sleep and
as a result see the remnants of this
sleep stage there's also evidence that a
full bladder can contribute to morning
would the increased bladder size for the
night stimulates a region of the spinal
cord which can cause a reflex erection
the physiological benefit of this is to
prevent you from urinating in your sleep
but most men can attest to the
difficulty proposed by this conundrum
after waking in the morning rise and
shine got a burning question you want
answered ask him in the comments or on
Facebook and Twitter and subscribe for
more weekly science videos
