so you've made it to the last round of a
TV game show and have the chance to win
a brand-new car
it sits behind one of these three doors
but the other two have a sad little goat
behind them you make your choice and the
host decides to reveal where one of the
goats is he then offers you a chance to
change your door do you do it
does changing your choice even make a
difference the short answer is yes even
though it seems counterintuitive
changing your door choice actually
doubles your odds of winning the car but
how is that possible this is the Monty
Hall problem at the start most people
correctly assume that you have a one in
three chance of choosing the correct
door but it would be incorrect to assume
that when one door is removed each door
now holds a 50/50 chance of having the
car let's use a deck of cards to
understand why pick a card from this
deck without looking this card has a 1
in 52 chance of being the ace of spades
but now I'm going to flip over all the
other cards except one none of which are
the ace of spades of the two cards left
which one seems more likely to be the
ace of spades the one you chose randomly
out of a deck of 52 or the one I
purposefully and suspiciously left
turned down it turns out your card
remains at a chance of 1 in 52 where my
card now has a 51 out of 52 probability
of being the ace of spades
the same principle is true with the
three doors you see when I removed the
door I did so with motive knowing there
was a go behind it the only two
scenarios that exists are a you chose
the correct door and I'm arbitrarily
picking one of the wrong choices to show
you in which case staying will make you
win or be you pick the wrong door and I
show you the other incorrect answer in
which case switching will make you win
scenario a will always happen when you
choose the winning door and B will
always happen when you pick a losing
door therefore a will happen one-third
of the time and B will happen two-thirds
of the time as such switching your door
wins two out of three times this paradox
has perplexed many people including
scientists and mathematicians to this
day because our gut tells us that
switching will have no consequence but
when using formal calculations or
computer simulators the results don't
lie switching your door increases the
probability of winning
let's see it one more time using a chart
here are all the possible scenarios the
car is behind door 1 2 or 3 and you have
the choice of each three doors this
means there are nine possible outcomes
let's tell you them up quickly if it's
behind door 1 and you chose door 1 you
should stay but if you chose door 2 or 3
you should switch if it's behind door 2
and you chose door - you should stay but
the other two you should switch add it
all up and you should switch six out of
nine times so do you still trust your
gut feeling got a burning question you
want answered ask it in the comments or
on Facebook and Twitter and subscribe
for more weekly science videos
