indulging in food is a favorite pastime
for many but considering that two-thirds
of Americans are approximately 207
million three hundred and thirty seven
thousand and twenty-one or overweight
perhaps we enjoy food a bit too much so
why can't we stop ourselves from
consuming so much fatty and sugary food
how do we beat overeating when your
stomach is empty it releases a hormone
called ghrelin ghrelin interacts in the
brain with the neurotransmitter npy and
turns on the desire to eat once you've
satisfied this desire by eating ghrelin
levels drop back down and hunger
subsides
conversely after eating a different
hormone leptin is released from the
stomach and fat cells and interferes
with npy further turning off the desire
to eat and making you feel full but if
this hunger regulation system is in
place why can't we say no to that piece
of cake or second to helping of chips
many food psychologists believe that in
the past energy rich foods such as those
with lots of fat and sugar were hard to
come by as hunter-gatherers the human
body needed to take advantage of these
meals for survival and as a result they
became extremely desirable but in
today's world we can get a high fat and
sugary meal on any corner at any hour
the problem is the instinct and desire
still remains and so we struggle to stop
eating these meals recently it's been
discovered that the continual intake of
fat and sugar overrides the regulatory
system of ghrelin and leptin the
signaling pathway is insufficient to
control our new diet and so our initial
evolutionary desire now plagues our
ability to choose wisely and eat healthy
it's a self-perpetuating problem the
more unhealthy food you eat the more you
desire food got a burning question you
want answered ask it in the comments or
on Facebook and Twitter and subscribe
for more weekly science videos
