the effects of alcohol all-too-familiar
some of us brings about a merry night of
fun and laughter climax again a
seemingly joyful sleep and how many
think it couldn't get any better
a lovely whack in the face followed by
the famous last words I will never drink
ever again
the feelings are all too familiar you've
been here before but what on earth is
going on in your body to make you feel
this way in a previous video which you
can click here we describe the effects
of alcohol on the brain and why she
hydrates it apart from just water your
body is also exploiting many components
such as salt potassium and glucose which
are required for normal muscle
coordination and brain function but
there's more to it the site of
detoxification in your body is located
within your liver everything that you
ingest is broken down in your digestive
system to become small enough that the
nutrients are released into the
bloodstream these nutrients had to
deliver for a sort of quality control in
the liver something called enzymes are
used to help break down and process
nutrients but also remove any toxins
when need be after being processed by
the liver the products are now safe to
enter the whole body's bloodstream
alcohol otherwise known as ethanol is
absorbed in the stomach and makes its
way to the liver to pass this clearance
test first the enzymes turn alcohol into
acetyl aldehyde then a different enzyme
plus a compound called glutathione
changes a Siddal aldehyde into acetate
which is easily excreted by the body
problem is there's not a lot of
glutathione in the liver therefore as
you drink more the glutathione stores
start to run out leaving Maura sital
aldehyde to circulate your body so
what's so special about a Sidel aldehyde
well it happens to be 10 to 30 times
more toxic than alcohol itself and can
lead to headaches and feeling nauseous
so while your liver is working extra
hard to produce more glutathione the
acetyl aldehyde is now free to roam your
body and is most likely what it's making
you feel like a non functioning member
of society
in fact suffering alcoholics are often
given a drug called antabuse in order to
stop the conversion of a Siddal aldehyde
to acetate this causes them to feel the
pain of their hangover much more
severely in hopes to
and stop drinking so is there anything
we can do about it stay tuned for our
next video about how to help cure your
hangover
