do you forget the sense that rich people
are more likely to be rude or
self-centered well we decided it was
time to find out whether or not rich
people are actually more likely to be
jerks ever been cut off while driving it
was more likely buy a Mercedes than a 20
year old junker multiple studies have
found that the more expensive your car
is the more likely you are to not only
cut in front of other vehicles but also
drive through crosswalks when a
pedestrian is waiting to cross in one
study those were the most expensive cars
cut pedestrians off 42 percent of the
time now imagine you waited in a line
for 10 minutes to buy a coffee and a
muffin at Starbucks but when you're a
couple of blocks away you realize that
the clerk gave you change for $20 rather
than for the $10 you gave him do you a
saver your coffee and the free $10 or B
go back and return the change it turns
out those with more money are more
likely to respond that they would keep
it and the amount of money you have also
affects how much you look at people
using Google glass to track eye
movements of people in a study walking
around the block wealthy people spend
significantly less time in social gazes
in other words they're more likely to
straight-up ignore other people but
certainly the rich are more generous in
the poor right though the rich may cut a
bigger check in the u.s. nationwide
survey data shows that the wealthy
contribute a lower percentage of their
household income for example a household
that makes under $25,000 in the u.s.
donate around 4.2 percent of their
earnings but those making $100,000 or
more only contribute 2.7 percent even
when people are arbitrarily put in
charge or given power it makes them more
selfish imagine you're put into a group
of 3 people to make some important
policy recommendations and you're told
you're in charge of the group a plate of
5 yummy cookies gets put in front of you
and naturally everybody takes one do you
take another it turns out in studies the
person in charge is most likely to take
the fourth cookie while everybody leaves
the last one on the plate to be polite
so our rude people just more likely to
become rich or does being rich
you worse counter to what we might
believe people who are the most likely
to gain power in a group are actually
the emotionally intelligent ones who
focus on others practice generosity and
aren't the bullies studies even find
that college students at the top of the
social hierarchy tend to be the most
pro-social and compassionate versus
selfish it all goes back to our
hunter-gatherer roots where individuals
who share food and resources rise in
ranks but this leads to the power
paradox to gain power you need empathy
but once you feel powerful you become
more self focused you can even see this
in the brain when using fMRI scans areas
like the prefrontal cortex that activate
when understanding mental states or
considering the thoughts of others show
less activity in those with a higher
social class poor people also have a
greater ability to assess the emotional
states of others have more interpersonal
interactions greater eye contact head
nodding and laughing compared to richer
people who are more likely to self groom
fidget or doodle one possible
explanation for this is that people with
less materials resources and privilege
rely more on others to meet their needs
and this creates a pressure to be more
emotionally intelligent so of course not
all rich people are jerks but in general
as your wealth increases your empathy
decreases making rich people
statistically more likely to be jerks
for today's video we've teamed up with
audible who's offering everybody who's
watching this video a chance to try them
out for free for 30 days all you have to
do is go to audible.com slash
ASAP or a text ASAP to 500 500 download
your first title and start listening
listening is the best way to finish the
content that you love while doing the
things you love and audible has the
largest selection of audiobooks on this
here said planet like our recommendation
for today which is the influential mind
by Tali share and she looks into how
data isn't always the best way to change
somebody's mind and instead looks at how
our minds actually operate when we're
forming opinions or trying to make
arguments audible allows you to switch
seamlessly between devices whether it's
your car your tablet or your phone it
will always keep you up to date on where
you last left
that's a UD IB le comm slash ASAP or
text ASAP - 500 500 thank you again as
always for watching and we will see you
next Thursday for a new science video
