ever wonder why both coffee and alcohol
have the unfortunate tendency to make
you pee well aside from the fact that
you may have been binge drinking both of
these substances hopefully not at the
same time there are actually some simple
biological processes at work when nature
decides to call your pituitary gland
which resides the base of the brain
controls the release of a hormone known
as antidiuretic hormone or ADH for short
ADH is secreted by the pituitary gland
enters the bloodstream and is then
carried to the kidney the kidney among
other things responsible for monitoring
how much water is in your body and
whether or not you can afford to get rid
of it in times of dehydration as ADH is
responsible for retaining water in your
body by inducing the production of
aquaporins in the kidney aquaporins are
proteins embedded in the kidneys cell
membrane that regulate the flow of water
in this case allowing water to be
reabsorbed back into the body so the
less water
you've got more ADH which means greater
production of aquaporins and more water
reabsorbed so instead of letting it out
you keep it in think of it like a glass
of water when you're really thirsty
the aquaporins act like a straw and
allow for the water to flow back into
your body more straws equals more water
reabsorbed so what does ADH have to do
with caffeine or alcohol well both
caffeine and alcohol inhibit the release
of ADH by the pituitary gland and as a
result the aquaporins are not created to
reabsorb water and the amount of water
in your pee increases this explains our
once you've had your morning coffee or
at least a couple beers on the patio a
pee break is usually soon followed in
the case of alcohol this inhibition of
ADH unfortunately contributes to
something known as a damn hangover this
also explains why urine can seem clear
drink consumption and look like
Tropicana orange juice the next morning
are you sure you want coffee Frank
that's better
you
