by the time Crown Prince Mohammed bin
Salman turned up at the future
investment initiative summit in Riyadh a
day after it started
Saudi Arabia had already signed deals
worth fifty billion dollars another six
billion was added by the time the event
closed the murder of Jamal keshavjee at
the Saudi consulate in Istanbul cast a
dark shadow over the conference but it's
not stopped a business being done people
are here networking there still is
Western representation there are bankers
there are people you know investors
looking to do business they're just not
always after the highest level as they
were last year and it's clear from
talking to many of them that some of
them are frustrated and that their CEOs
and their top executives have pulled out
also missing from the summit with senior
politicians from mainly Western
countries who withdrew as outrage over
cachaca g's murder grew but there were
plenty of others who did attend perhaps
not as easily able to resist the
financial clout of the world's biggest
oil producer there were government
delegations from China Russia and
African and Middle Eastern countries the
conference has been Salman's brainchild
created to draw investment and
diversification into an oil dependent
economy that needs to find new ways to
provide millions of jobs and it's those
opportunities that attendees couldn't
ignore you can't take away decades of
collaboration effective collaboration
over one incident of course there's
consequences for actions and then and
then hopefully you can get past those
actions the conference was told that
multi-billion dollar plans include theme
parks and Red Sea tourist resorts Saudi
Arabia says it also wants to offer
privatization opportunities in education
health care and desalination for
Mohammed bin Salman it was almost
business as usual Bernard Smith al
Jazeera
