stories of shipwrecks and sunken
treasure have long captivated the
imagination but perhaps no wreck has
fascinated underwater archeologists and
treasure hunters quite like the Sun will
say attacked by Britain's Royal Navy in
1708 during a battle off the coast of
Ghana the Hanna Colombia all but seven
members of her crew went down with the
ship unfortunately the San Jose was too
heavy to maneuver itself against the
attack and was sunk by the British three
years ago former Colombian President
Juan Manuel Santos announced his
government had found the fabled galleon
with the aid of unmanned submersibles 3d
mapping technology state-of-the-art
robotics and an international team of
experts the San Jose was found the
catches a company called sea search
Armada claimed they had found the ship
more than thirty five years ago and have
been locked in a fierce legal battle
with the Colombian government over their
share of the treasure a treasure that
today is valued up to twenty billion
dollars in Carragher it had everything
the cargo manifest lists gold silver
precious stones pearls all of the wealth
and taxes collected over six years from
Colombia Panama and Bruno somebody
literally wrote the book on the Sun Jose
he says there were several parties who
have a legitimate claim to ownership
over the treasure espana the Spain
because it was a Spanish ship Peru
because most of the cargo was Peruvian
Panama because part of the cargo was
Panamanian and Colombia because the ship
was found in our waters recently a
delegation from Bolivia presented
Colombian officials with a 200 page
document claiming a percentage of the
treasure should be given to them as
reparations it's believed there are more
than 1,000 sunken Spanish galleons off
the coast of Colombia alone according to
UNESCO there's an estimated three
million shipwrecks all around the world
still waiting to be discovered
apart from the treasure the cultural
value of many of these vessels is a
measure of
Antonia and he fell an expert in
maritime law says the case of the San
Jose could set a precedent for future
disputes over sunken treasure kept all
of prices in all of the countries
involved could set up an example of a
historic cultural dialogue that would
serve the world in similar situations
with so much at stake over the ownership
of the treasure recovery efforts have
been put on hold indefinitely leaving
some here to wonder how much longer
they'll have to wait before the treasure
of the san jose surfaces again when
rapido al Jazeera got the henna
