only from the air is it possible to see
the scale of what has happened to
Lombardi Bridge a huge section simply
gone plunging more than 80 meters of the
road and the suspension Tower more than
30 cars trucks and other vehicles were
on the bridge a major rescue operation
from the ground and the air swung into
action involving more than 200
firefighters with the focus on trying to
reach any survivors still stranded in
the debris the missing section of the
bridge spanned a river railway and
industrial buildings in the port city of
Genoa the bridge carried a motorway at
this time of year the road is busy with
tourists and many Italians who are
preparing for a national holiday it's
unclear why the bridge collapsed it was
built in the 1960s and work was being
carried out to shore its foundations at
the time of the incident they'd also
been a storm the authorities have warned
there are likely to be many casualties
warmly Italian Minister has called the
collapse an immense tragedy
Elmer Heywood al-jazeera
