and investors and shareholders are
beginning to ask how concerned the
world's biggest oil companies are about
climate change our companies have known
about climate change for a long time but
they plan on only reducing carbon
emissions towards the second half of
this century activists want big oil
companies to model and commit to more
rapid emissions reductions this week UK
asset manager Saracen and partners asked
BP shell and total to reveal the risk
they face if carbon emission targets are
met our rules to limit greenhouse gas
emissions could force fossil fuel
companies to keep oil natural gas and
coal in the ground the International
Energy Agency forecasts that by 2040
demand for oil and gas could fall by
almost 50 percent but that's only if
carbon emissions reductions targets are
met Royal Dutch Shell has acknowledged
the climate change will be the defining
challenge facing the oil industry for
years to come but Toto and Shell and
others are still expecting strong demand
for fossil fuels for the next few
decades Exxon Mobil is under
investigation over its financial
disclosures on climate change well
joining me now from London is Anthony
Hobley CEO of carbon tracker a financial
think-tank thanks very much for being
with us so what are the oil companies
not telling us then well though I think
they have been a bit schizophrenic
they are looking at climate risk and
we're now being deluge with disclosure
and scenario analysis from the companies
effectively stress testing their
business models against a Paris
compliant 2Â° pathway but then when they
talk to investors they're still talking
up demand and what we're seeing is we're
seeing a range of disclosure that tells
us every single energy company one and
gas company is a winner and that simply
can't be possible yes some of them may
well do well in the transition but not
all of them so there will be winners and
losers and at the moment it's very
for court to discern who the winners
will be and who the losers will be in
this transition are they essentially
putting their business survival ahead of
survival of the planet they are still I
think psychologically wedded to the idea
that we were in a it's cyclical that we
are still going to see rises and drops
in oil price rather than a structural
change our analysis and our work is
telling us that we we've entered a phase
of transition where you know it's no
longer about peak oil but it's about
peak demand no fossil fuels is no longer
the only game in town they're now having
to compete with the new kids on the
block which is clean energy and as clean
energy goes up the learning curve and
effectively is now in near the
exponential part of the S curve we're
seeing dramatic drops in price from
solar wind batteries and electric
vehicles and that is eating into demand
for the incumbents product oil gas and
coal combined also with dramatic steps
forward in energy efficiency which
whilst global energy demand is growing
that is being offset dramatically by
advances in energy efficiency so you
know global energy demand is now only
growing at 1% and what's really
interesting is increasingly the new
technologies have the lion's share of
that growth should regulators be taking
a closer look at some of these big oil
companies then well they are you know we
now have the g20 initiated a whole
process with the task force or climate
related financial disclosure that's made
as recommendations the the problem with
that is it's still voluntary regulators
are still trying to understand you know
if and how they translate that into
their national regulatory regimes and
it's still a case of apples and pears I
mean we haven't got a consistent
approach to that valuation and how
companies assess their business models
against future prices so I think
regulators have a role to play here in
ensuring that there is a robust and
comparable regime for compare
in this risk and getting companies to
say how are they positioned to deal with
this transition risk and with a
transition to a low-carbon atour Net
Zero economy so which companies are the
worst offenders here when it comes to
turning a blind eye to their business
model we did a report two degrees of
separation where we've ranked companies
by reference that are exposed to climate
risk and some more exposed than others
you tend to find the the oil and gas
majors somewhere in the middle but it
wouldn't surprise you that you know we
see the US companies probably the most
exposed where we live in that sort of
group of majors and I think the European
company is and and some of the sort of
Asian companies are getting out there at
least in trying to assess this risk and
develop their disclosures but I mean
nobody I think yet is is getting an
a-plus here there's a lot of work to do
to get effectively decision useful
disclosure out of these companies Antony
Holly thanks very much for being with us
thank you
