there's sometimes strange relationship
goes back years you're fired
Omarosa Manigault estin on donald
trump's reality TV show The Apprentice
when Trump became president he brought
her with him to the White House she was
one of the only African Americans among
Trump's West Wing staff hi but months
after General John Kelly was made chief
of staff
Omarosa was fired in a new book she
details how she was pushed out without
Trump being aware of the decision
something she recorded without his
knowledge general Kelly general Kelly
came to me and said that you guys wanted
me to leave I had a blind spot where it
came to Donald Trump I wanted to see the
best in him but she says she failed
miserably in her tell-all book about her
experience she charges the president is
a racist Donald Trump is a con and has
been masquerading as someone who is
actually open to engaging with diverse
communities Trump lashed out on Twitter
on Monday calling her whacky describing
her as not smart many in the u.s. argue
Trump has done much to aggravate racial
tensions in the United States
most polls show a large majority of
black Americans still disapprove of
Trump but the strong US economy and
declining black unemployment has led to
support from some African Americans
notably the musical artist Kanye West
however it's unlikely Omarosa books or
change anyone's perception a president
Trump no matter what happens no matter
the outcome of anything like this that
loaf forty percent high 30 percent of
support that he gets that's baked in and
that's not going anywhere at any time
still the perception that this White
House is not sensitive to the needs of
African Americans persist almost eight
months after Omarosa was fired the Trump
administration still has almost no
senior African American staff Kimberley
halc√≥n al Jazeera the White House
