she was once Argentina's most popular
president but things have changed for
Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner since
leaving office she's faced a series of
allegations over corruption the latest
in which her name is reportedly
mentioned in the notebooks of a driver
in the public works ministry in which he
details how millions of dollars in cash
were moved in his vehicle and delivered
to the presidential palace when Network
Kirchner and then Christina were in
office in the past week businessmen and
politicians came to this courthouse to
testify in this enormous corruption
investigation several businessmen
admitted they paid millions of dollars
in bribes to members of the previous
administration in exchange from public
works contracts Diego kawatte was the
first one to see the notebooks a
neighbor had a friend who was a driver
who gave him this series of notebooks
which described how corruption operated
in the previous administration and he
was supposed to reveal them only if
something happened to his friend kawatte
carried out the investigation but did
not publish the findings instead he took
the notebooks to a state prosecutor so
he could initiate an official
investigation silence was crucial not
only for the case to move forward but
also for his own safety I held back
publishing because I believed much more
needed to happen
I only published it when the
investigation was on and those involved
were being questioned what it shows is
that the history of corruption in public
works it's not unique to the previous
administration but it did happen and it
is this that brought Cristina Kirchner
again to court on Monday she tweeted
that this is a regional strategy to
prescribe leaders of movements and
political forces that have increased
people rights and allowed thousands to
leave poverty behind for many the
corruption investigation is the biggest
in a country that has failed to
prosecute white-collar crime over the
years the reality is bigger than what we
imagined we all knew that there was
corruption but not that it was systemic
like the notebooks revealed it is a
difficult case to put on trial because
it involves so many things
it forces us to rethink the whole
judical process a former president her
aides
an important businessmen for the
prosecutors in all part of the same plot
that shows for the first time the
vicious cycle of corruption between
private companies and the state Dara
Sabo al-jazeera Munna Cyrus
