with marching bands and costumes this
rally of public university students
looked very much like a carnival that's
a reason behind it was dead serious
public universities have reached a point
of no return if the government doesn't
inject the funds it needs many
universities might have to shut down
students and professors have been on
strike for a week this was the second
major rally in Bogota and other cities
across Colombia demanding an increase in
budget public universities need a
billion u.s. dollars just to keep
functioning we simply don't have the
money keep paying professors this year
and receive new students next year we
need to guarantee access to public
education the number of students at
public universities has increased
tenfold in the last two decades while
resources of lag behind
so universities are now facing a huge
operational and infrastructure deficit
adding up to six billion u.s. dollars at
the national university campus in bogota
some buildings lie empty
risking collapse others already have
been demolished dean Adolphe at the
worte of the pedagogical university
started a hunger strike inside campus
he says his students are among the
poorest in the country and can't be left
behind many of our students don't have
enough to pay for lunch they are poor we
subsidize their lunch for 30 cents of a
dollar the same with breakfast that's
very little yet we are unable to
continue doing it the result will be
losing our students and the pressure the
government is promising to increase
public university resources by almost
500 million dollars in the next two
years
critics say the measure will fall way
short of the mark if you destroy public
education you're condemning the country
to a lack of real progress through
knowledge and of course you increase
inequality because education is the best
instrument we have to help poor people
access better jobs and salaries
but in the end time might be against the
protesters the Colombian Congress that
you see behind me is expected to vote on
the national budget next Saturday
October 20th the government says there's
no time to find more money for public
education but students promise they will
continue fighting until the end alison
ramp ET al Jazeera Bogota
