locked up in solitary confinement Al
Jazeera journalist Mahmoud Hussein is
yet to have any formal charges brought
against him the Egyptian national was
stopped questioned and detained in
December 2016 after travelling from Doha
where he was based to visit his family
in Cairo he's been held in the notorious
Torah maximum-security prison where he's
complained of mistreatment Hussein in Al
Jazeera strongly denied the allegations
against him that he broadcast false news
we've been writing letters we've been
asking the Arab League the African Union
to intervene and offer the good officers
to speak with president Sisi because he
promises democracy in the country but
he's not upholding the democratic values
which include press freedom and freedom
of expression
Egypt levels similar charges against Al
Jazeera trio Baha Mohamed Mohamed Fahmy
and Peter grass five years ago al
Jazeera Eric's former editor in chief
Ibrahim halal was sentenced to death in
absentia two years ago reporters without
Florida's ranks Egypt 161 out of 180
countries in this year's World Press
Freedom Index it says at least 32
journalists are being held in Egyptian
jails few have been put on trial most
have been detained for months or years
and all are being held on trumped-up
charges those imprisoned include
Egyptian journalist Mahmoud Abbas eight
known as Shulkin he's been locked up for
five years reporting in the rabaa square
protests in Cairo where hundreds of
protesters were killed and thousands
injured recently Shao Kahn's been
nominated for UNESCO as press freedom
prize and multi award-winning
journalists were el Abbas had his home
raided in May and was arrested and
detained as the Egyptian authorities
target what they describe as fake news
new laws were passed in July to support
the arrests of journalists they allow
the state to block social media accounts
and detain journalists who have more
than 5,000 followers
existing laws which are already being
used to incarcerate journalists and
suppress media freedom the new laws are
even more vicious and many more people
who are not even journalists but would
be arrested because they want to express
their opinion supporters of President
Abdul Fattah al-sisi say there was
safeguard freedom of expression but
rights groups say it will give legal
basis for Egypt to crack down on
criticism or dissent nor about manly Al
Jazeera
