taking a knee raising a fist these
gestures made during the national anthem
proved more controversial than any play
made on the field during the NFL's
opening night the NFL players are added
again President Trump tweeted making his
disapproval known he described the
players as showing outrage at something
that most of them are unable to define
stand proudly for your national anthem
he added or would be suspended without
pay we believe everyone should stand for
the national anthem
but league officials said the players
would not be punished as they continue
negotiating a league wide policy we
remain committed to working with the
players to identify solutions and to
continue making progress on important
social issues affecting our communities
the NFL said in the statement players
say they want to call attention to
social and justices not show disrespect
for the flag or the military I just
think it's important that we continue to
you know keep this conversation going we
don't but American athletes continue to
take heat with one conservative
commentator stoking racial tensions by
calling on basketball star LeBron James
to shut up in dribble James who has
donated millions to educate
underprivileged children has taken that
as the title of a new docu-series
looking at the role of athletes in
today's politically charged environment
we will definitely not shut up and
dribble I would definitely not do that I
mean too much to to society I mean too
much to the youth highlighting what now
maybe the biggest rivalry in
professional sports the players versus
the president Kristin salumi al Jazeera
