as you might expect the key to loitering
in the sun's atmosphere is not melting
NASA engineers have built a carbon heat
shield for the parker Solar Probe that's
just 11 and 1/2 centimeters thick they
say it will protect the equipment that
will be surveilling the Sun as it swoops
through its corona or outer atmosphere
the real heat shield gets up to about
2500 degrees Fahrenheit which we're not
going to do today and the temperature of
the corona is just one of the
counterintuitive mysteries that the
parker probe hopes to solve why is it so
much hotter than the Sun's core several
hundred times hotter science would
suggest that the further away from the
Sun surface the cooler the atmosphere
should be the probe is named after
Eugene Parker who formulated the theory
of solar wind he'll be present to watch
the launch of the spacecraft named in
his honor in 1958 he theorized that a
flow of particles accelerated into space
from the Sun and that proved to be true
but scientists still don't know how this
phenomenon occurs theoretically such
particles should cool down and dissipate
the further from the Sun they get not
speed up solar wind streams can impact
satellites in space and GPS radio waves
and electrical grids on earth they also
cause aurora when they crash into the
Earth's magnetic field and are deflected
the probe will begin its first approach
to the Sun in November as part of its 7
year mission we will go hotter than
anything has been before we're in that
three million degree plasma region in
the corona
will gradually walk closer we'll take
sort of seven giant steps closer to the
Sun until we're in that final region and
as it makes those dives towards the Sun
surface the parkhurst solar probe will
eventually become the fastest object
ever created by humankind schreiber
tancy al jazeera
