nice Medina denial is a grieving mother
her son by Leonardo was murdered by
members of the Colombian military in
2008 she was told her son was the leader
of an enemy insurgency but Luz Medina
says that's impossible as her son lived
with both severe physical and
intellectual disabilities it was hard
for me to be told that a boy with such
an innocence was labeled as being a
member of an armed group over a period
of six years thousands of young men
between the ages of 18 and 30 were
falsely accused of being anti-government
insurgents while the Colombian
government was fighting a war against
leftist guerrillas innocent Colombian
civilians were being rounded up by the
hundreds some were tortured killed and
dumped in mass graves
the families of the victims appeared
before special tribunal recently
established and below that 14 members of
the military bases prison sentences of
upwards of 40 years were in attendance
by testifying before the special
tribunal these soldiers were allowed to
carry out their sentences at a military
prison between 2002 and 2009
assassinations grew exponentially and
they happened to coincide with former
President Alvaro diva's
counterinsurgency directive which gave
members of the military incentives for
positive results in combat Manos human
rights organizations have registered
more than 5,700 victims that means that
these false positives occurred
throughout the region which leads us to
believe there was a policy behind the
killings the mandate of the tribunal was
recently amended by the Colombian
Congress and exempt would even and
former President Juan Manuel Santos from
being forced to testify the special
tribunal is facing a lot of criticism
the office of the prosecutor for the
International Criminal Court is
observing these hearings if it
determines that Colombian authorities
are unable or unwilling to thoroughly
investigate and prosecute these cases
the ICC could open its own investigation
going over old photographs of her son
loose Medina says her story is that of
thousands of families in Colombia my son
was very considerate every day he would
come up the stairs with his hands behind
his back and hand me a rose he would say
mom I thought of you I think that's what
I miss the most and that's what they owe
me Luz marina says her hope is that
through this special tribunal what
happened to her son will never happen to
anyone ever again
Vennela Paulo al Jazeera Bogota
