there's a truce but just here on Garza's
border with israel there's no such thing
as car you see anger soon followed by
live sniper rounds finding their targets
scores of life-changing injuries mainly
young people here those wanting to
express themselves with words not
actions families with children risking
their lives
mixing with activists do they believe
the fighting can end the truce won't
hold for long
the protesters have an objective until
they get what they want there is going
to be no calm loss because we have land
here the occupation has taken land by
force we will get it back not far away
another rush with no cover for
protection it's evident the numbers
turning outs have increased compared
with last week's demonstrations the
toxic mix of black smoke and tear gas
remains much the same as previous
protests the motto for this
demonstration is freedom and life but
this isn't the only form of protest in
Gaza today inside Gaza City behind the
rubble comes a different sound
peaceful protests on top of what remains
of a cultural center crushed by bombing
on Thursday Israel had said that the
five-story building was owned by Hamas
and it had a presence here
these people aren't fighters we have
lost our cultural office but Gaza loses
more than this a theater that helped
hundreds of artists I ask you nesco in
the international community to
immediately open an investigation into
the Israeli crime passive resistance to
life under siege Andrew Symonds al
Jazeera Gaza City
