dozens of children are killed in air
strikes in Yemen but amid the outrage
and calls for investigations broader
questions loom what is the international
community's role in this war and what
can be done to stop it this is inside
story
hello and welcome to the program
inaudible Hamid Yemen is routinely
called the world's worst humanitarian
crisis but sometimes an individual event
can bring that phrase starkly into focus
that's what happened on Thursday when a
series of airstrikes in the northern
province of sada killed dozens of people
most of them school children even by
Yemen's standards it was shocking and it
once again called attention to foreign
involvement in the war that not only
means the Saudi enemy Rotti forces
leading the coalition fighting the
Houthis but also the Western governments
that sell them weapons and offer
logistical support we'll bring in our
guests in a moment but first this report
from Mohammed a doe in Djibouti still
wearing his backpack this boy was in a
minibus full of children heading back
from a school summer camp in northern
Yemen but as their bus drove through a
busy area of the Han town in Sadr
province who was targeted by a strong
rescue workers bring in in dead children
one after another
overwhelmed medical workers treat the
injured on the corridors and every
available space in the hospital
40 fighters have accused the Saudi
Emirati led coalition of launching the
attack the midea at McGee's monthly up
by a saudi-led coalition attacked a bus
carrying more than 30 students who were
on a summer school trip to the city
there is no exact number of the dead
people
the hospital has received many many
wounded with a lot of serious injuries
this boy refuses to have his injuries
treated till he sees his brothers who
were with him on the bus no no I need my
brothers I won't get hurt until I see my
brothers the strike happened during
morning rush hour in the busy market a
huge crater lies in the middle of the
road the exact spot where the missile
fell the mangled wreckage of the school
bus the children were traveling in now
trapped under the destroyed Market
buildings learning materials belonging
to the children are soon around eerie
reminders of the attack and the frenzied
struggle to leave the scene by those
lucky enough to escape on heart in a
statement the Saudi Emirati Coalition
said its airstrikes in Sadr were aimed
at missile launchers used to attack an
industrial city in southern Saudi Arabia
on Wednesday the statement further
accused the healthy fighters of using
children as human shields there are
increasing calls for investigations into
these attacks we've seen those reports
it's very important as we've said
repeatedly that all parties to the
conflict in Yemen adhere to
international humanitarian
in law where there is an incident of
this sort it's important that it's
investigated thoroughly and then the
conclusions in that investigation shared
and I learned from them will be a
calling for that in this instance as one
of Saudi Arabia and its allies have been
fighting in Yemen for more than three
years against the holders who are
aligned with Iran the hold is controlled
much of northern Yemen including the
capital sana these latest attack adds
more casualties to the list of thousands
who've been killed during this war the
UN calls it the world's worst
humanitarian crisis and recent months
Saudi and UAE forces have advanced
towards the port city of data which is
under the control of who the fight is
most aid and food to Yemen gets in
through this port in response healthy
fighters have intensified attacks
against Saudi and Emirati targets
Mohammed Al Jazeera Djibouti let's take
a closer look at the conflict in Yemen
which began in 2014 when Houthi rebels
took control of northern provinces and
eventually the capital sana the
government led by Abu rabu Mansour Hadi
was forced to flee South setting up a
provincial capital in the port city of
Aden in 2015
a coalition led by Saudi Arabia and the
United Arab Emirates began fighting the
Houthis it also blockaded the country in
an effort to cut off Iranian support for
Houthi rebels tens of thousands of
people have been killed and millions
more displace aid agency now say a third
of the country is on the brink of famine
let's bring in our guests they're all
joining us on skype from Doncaster in
the UK
Simon Maybin lecturer and international
relations at Lancaster University and in
Sanaa Hakim and Miss Mary
editor-in-chief and publisher of the
Yemen Post and in Stockholm Peter visa
man a senior researcher at the Stockholm
International Peace Research Institute
gentlemen thank you for joining us today
Hakim and rosemary let me start with you
how do Yemenis react when they hear
about in calls for investigations
whereas by the UN indeed lately by the
saudi-led coalition or by the Pentagon
who do they blame actually do they need
an investigation there is no need for an
investigation because of the coalition
forces have admitted to standing behind
this attack
I'm surprised why the UN is calling for
an investigation rather than calling for
those who are responsible for this
attack to be a held accountable for it
so this is one of the reasons why
Yemenis have lost hope on the
international community on the UN over
two years ago because of this war that
has not been for any other reason only
for a proxy war between two neighboring
countries where we can Saudi and Iran
where Yemen is paying the price well and
in yesterday's attack you have 51
civilians who were killed and 40 of them
who were children children who were just
going to school summer school and we're
stopping by you know local markets when
that's where their death came to them
and the the body parts the corpse of the
all the children those who were killed
and those who are being treated the
parents right now the entire country is
mourning these innocent children who
were killed we just the reason of going
to school are on their way to school
well Peter you know the Pentagon said it
done it didn't know whether the bombs
used in yesterday's attack for example
we're us made it also didn't know if
actually it
refueled the planes going on their
mission or coming back from their
mission but does that absolve the role
of the u.s. in what is happening on the
ground it is very clear that the u.s. is
the key supplier of weapons to at least
Saudi Arabia and also to the Emirates it
may very well be that in this particular
instance it was not us bombs or u.s.
planes which were involved but of course
if you are the main supplier you do know
that there is a very big chance that it
will be your bones and your planes which
were involved and on top of its cons of
course also that the US had said that by
actually supplying arms to countries
like like Saudi Arabia they believe they
can have some sort of leverage and some
sort of influence and can even give them
support in actually choosing the right
targets if you don't have to fight a war
in Yemen then at least choose military
targets to hit and this is where the
United States and also Great Britain
have said that they can be of support in
this case it seems that they have
completely failed so the question if
they have a certain responsibility here
is certainly a legitimate one so Simon I
mean it does sound that you know the
u.s. is merely running a gas station in
the air but looking close closer at it
it is providing logistical support it is
providing ammunition so is there any
mechanism by which it can be also held
accountable for the war in Yemen in
general and specifically when such
atrocities happen I think it's a very
expensive gas station that it's running
next let's not forget that that the US
and UK combined have sold around 12
billion power dollars worth of weapons
to to the Saudis whose weaponry is being
used in this campaign with over a
hundred thousand missiles being launched
and sorties being being launched on the
on the Yemeni on the on the Yemeni
streets so this is this is huge there
are a huge number of opportunities that
can be explored if there are actual if
there is the desire to take things
forward in terms of at the United
Nations
but also in terms of international law
but this is where it gets incredibly
ambiguous and incredibly problematic
because that's where the political
agendas really start to come to the fore
we've seen at the United Nations the
United Kingdom is the pen holder with
regard to Yemen which which technically
means that it's responsible for putting
these motions forward but we've seen
that in spite of widespread
acknowledgment that Yemen is facing all
kinds of humanitarian crises with over
22 million people in need of
humanitarian assistance the UK and US
have been somewhat reticent of actually
doing anything on the world stage so I
think they're complicit in a range of
different ways and what would be those
ways for you does briefly sure well we
see obviously the sale of weapons to
Saudi Arabia we know that UK officials
have been sitting in on the on some of
the missions that the saudi planes have
launched over weapon over yemen in terms
of sky reports and itv reports in the UK
we know that there are allegations that
the UK is complicit in terms of weapons
that have been sold as well as the
political economic logistical and
military support that is given to saudi
arabia but then also there's the moral
and the ethical dimensions of not doing
what there should what they should
supposed to be doing at the United
Nations and I think that reveals the
broader geopolitical tensions that are
at play here with the two states
providing a great deal of cover for the
actions of Saudi Arabia and Mohammed bin
Salman in particular Peter at the end of
the day investigations come and go but
do they really change anything on the
ground and it will really change how the
world functions they or not of course an
investigation may provide clear evidence
of what actually happened it may provide
us a clearer picture to which extent the
saudi-led coalition did make a proper
effort to avoid civilian casualties even
a very completely failed in this
particular case and in a number of other
cases before hopefully that Putin leads
to some more countries adding
which have decided today certain action
to in Saudi Arabia and particularly when
it comes to armed supply it could be
more restricted or even have unilateral
arms embargoes this may happen it may
also happen that the u.s. potentially
could be more willing to be more
restrictive to have more major demands
to webside arabia we want to help saudi
arabia to wage a war which is at least
in terms of international humanitarian
law more into line what can be expected
and what is expected of states but of
course this is not going to make the big
difference here I think that's so much
longer groans there's a much longer
process in reach those countries which
are the main suppliers could take a much
more responsibility of putting pressure
on Saudi Arabia and the UAE to seek a
political solution to this conflict
because it's not just about the
violations of international humanitarian
law it's also the fact that trying to
fight this war in Yemen is by many
considered as a rather hopeless case
you're not going to win this war with
military means so just going to our
question our Yemenis aware of the
involvement or the role of the certain
Western powers when it comes to the war
that's been waged on their country
Yemenis are convinced of one thing is
that because it's a poor country they
their voice is not being heard when the
rich fights the poor the voices of the
poor are always ignored even if you are
oppressed they know that the Saudi are
and its allies have the wealth they're
persuading these Western countries to
buy their weapons
financial interest to improve their
economies so even if that's on the cost
of Yemeni civilians the forty children
who were killed yesterday are only a
small portion of the 3,000 plus children
killed over the last three years of war
and these are innocent school children
who were killed by random air strikes on
supposedly military targets while some
of these targets were schools and
hospitals so because you have it is poor
the whole world is ignoring them and
taking the interest of the
the strong countries and powerful
countries for example another example
why are these calls for investigations
or the UN or Western powers calls for
human rights etc are baseless or not
enough Sanna our Airport has been closed
for over two years and this has resulted
in the death of twelve thousand children
in Yemen who needed medical attention
abroad but could not leave the country
the world is ignoring them because again
it's a poor country finding a rich
country where the international
community especially the West is gaining
financial interest and having the
Yemenis suffer for that
címon this hakim have a point there that
sometimes when it comes to specifically
Saudi Arabia and to a lesser extent the
Emirates Western countries shy away from
openly criticizing also because
sometimes the response from Saudi can be
quite harsh we've seen that lately for
example with the spat with Canada do you
think that's playing into into this
whole situation I think it's certainly a
calculation I'm not sure that it's just
about a worry about the Saudi response
but I think in the case of the UK in
particular there's a real concern about
the economic implications of a a
fracturing in the relationship between
between London and Riyadh so we've seen
the sheer amount of money that has been
spent from the Saudis coming into the
British economy in terms of arms and and
the manufacturing of all kinds of
military equipment that is being sold to
the Saudis and that of course for for
the UK in times when we're unsure about
the economic future of the country when
we're unsure we're in the midst of the
brexit process the Saudi money coming in
is actually a real source of of positive
development and and positive wealth for
the country so no Prime Minister is
going to try and jeopardize that for for
the sake of of human rights across the
world and that unfortunately is that
it's the reality of realpolitik no
matter how much we are VOC
in criticizing it and I of course have
been very critical of such positions but
that is the reality of politics in the
UK a present that the normative concerns
humanitarian interests are being
sacrificed on the altar of realpolitik
and Peter the same situation
with is with the US I would say in the
sense that since the Trump
administration came into place certainly
the military assistance to the Saudis
has expanded when at a time just after
Obama had actually stopped the sales of
weapons um now is that because when
President Trump went to Saudi Arabia he
got this grandiose welcome and he got
pledges of billions of dollars in
contract or what is the reasoning behind
all of that this is simply money talk
money talks certainly although a most I
have to add immediately that this was
also the case in the Obama
administration Obama or his
administration did put certain
restrictions on certain arms sales to
Saudi Arabia but most of them
discontinued as they were it looks as if
they had somewhat higher demands as if
they were looking at possibilities to
put more pressure on the Saudis to so
that they would kind of behave better in
Yemen but overall even though
potentially arms exports to Saudi Arabia
and the trap may increase even further
than the very high levels they were
already under that the Obama
administration I don't think it changes
is that enormous but still in a number
of cases Trump has made very clear that
he's not interested in any restrictions
on Saudi Arabia or one of the reasons
changes for example in u.s. arms exports
policy was to say that Saudi Arabia now
also can get certain types of military
drones maybe even armed drones and while
the arguments was there but if the US
would not supply them then actually
China won't do so and China had already
done so so there are a whole range of
reasons why these is Decatur
also have to look at the fact that in
reality arms sales may not necessarily
be so enormous in economic terms but if
you stop arm sales then you give a
signal to Saudi Arabia and the risk is
that Saudi Arabia will react with anger
to that and as we can see in the case of
Canada we'll also pull out out of so
many more and I know is likely much more
lucrative economic activities in the
country which would involve some sort of
arms embargo or restrictions on Saudi
Arabia at least that can happen doesn't
have to happen immediately also say that
Germany has made very clear that it is
no longer willing to supply arms to
Saudi Arabia and the effects until now
in the German economy or in the
relations between Germany and Saudi
Arabia
seem to be relatively limited so it
doesn't have to happen this kind of
enormous clash with Saudi Arabia if you
pull out or criticize so I came from
your vantage point I know the the bombs
are being dropped by the coalition but
do you hold all these countries who
either provide weapons or logistical
support or even surveillance information
do you hold them as responsible as the
saudi-led Coalition for the suffering of
the Yemeni people as you mentioned it's
not one country it's a coalition so
they're all helping one way or the other
and there are help against billing the
Yemeni blood and again if those who were
killed were Houthi fighters then that
would be the act of war where their
fighters are killing each other but to
have civilians pay the price this is the
what hurts the Yemeni people or all
those who are passionately throughout
the world when civilians are paying the
price for a dirty war that they have
nothing to do with their their suffering
their sleeping hungry they are sleeping
and worrying that they would not wake up
alive there they have their children
crying at night from hunger and with
that they are killed by airstrikes
because their ordinary civil
and because they were not able to to be
a rich country where Yemen would be
important to the world or give the world
some financial interest to to help them
become allies so because it's not that
you have allies by your stand allies
today are bought by money and not by
their their stand on human rights or on
democracy
címon Amnesty International for example
has issued a report and in which it
detailed what it called where war crimes
carried out on the ground for example
secret detention centers by the UAE they
talked about widespread torture any and
there's a long list to what extent
selling weapons or providing logistical
support makes you complicit to what is
happening on the ground I think that's a
really interesting philosophical
question and that could have a whole
program of its own and some of my
colleagues and Lancaster teach courses
on the the ethics of such decisions but
I think that for the people of the Yemen
it doesn't really matter how complicit
the US or the UK is they are involved
they are providing weapons they are
providing this support and that is
helping kill kill their that their
children their friends their families
and and I would argue that they are
complicit for all manner of reasons we
know that British officials are sitting
in in rooms with Saudi counterparts
making decisions on what are legitimate
and what I allege it him at targets
according to her own calculations now if
the UK in the US and other Western
powers wanted to do something more
positive then they should look to the UN
and try and get a better resolution than
to tu-16 which is incredibly restrictive
which is deadlock the country in in a
conflict that that there has very little
chance of actually moving forward
because the parties involved in the
conflict are not given space to actually
hear there have their grievances
addressed or indeed given the space to
actually come to the table and talk
without some ink
limiting conditions so I think if there
is a real desire to move towards getting
their resolution to the Yemeni conflict
that is what must happen alongside all
of these investigations that will hold
people to account and I'll give the last
word to Hakim have Yemenis just lost all
hope that anyone will come and help them
out to get out of this incredibly
complicated situation or as you said
earlier they know that being the poorest
country in the region they are the ones
that count de les let's be honest yes
but there are some are positive issues
going on the UN in boy is trying to
doing a very good job and try and
serious you have to try to end this war
in Yemen and that could help to a limit
but if there is no international will to
end this war it will not end with my
Yemeni efforts or by international or UN
effort there has to be a whale to end
this what they ask your will and the
sufferings of 26 million people in the
poorest country in the world last year
we heard of Yemen being via the world
cemented crisis in 50 years and since
then happened since then over a thousand
five hundred civilians have been killed
by the war and not to mention over forty
thousand killed by honk or due to
medical reasons for four citizens they
were able to get your treatment for no
one cared and because of the even being
a poor country but I do feel that the
information will start pushing an extent
it needs to be a push to help the and
and the suffering of your manager we
will just said the UN resolution needs
to be more lenient because it's the cost
with the score because right now ground
it different ages it's a different
scenario but you have different powers
on the ground
comparing to where which was the case
when this resolution to claim a very sad
situation indeed but we have reached the
end of the program so thank you very
much to all our guests Simon Maybin
Hakim Alma's Mary and Pia
busy man and thank you too for watching
you can see the program again anytime by
visiting our website aljazeera.com and
for further discussion go to our
Facebook page
that's facebook.com forward slash AJ
inside story you can also join the
conversation on twitter our handle is at
aj inside story from me hood abdel hamid
and the entire team here in doha bye for
now
you
