three time Prime Minister saddle Harry
Lee was appointed to continue in his
role in May since then he has been
trying to form a government it's not
easy in Lebanon where political
divisions reflect those in the region in
the recent parliamentary election
Hariri's rivals the Shia armed group
Hezbollah and its allies gained at his
expense and they have demands breaking
the monopoly the Druze monopoly by
religion blood introducing a Druze
minister to the the government who's
outside the blood camp and also breaking
the Sunni monopoly by Saturday by
introducing also Sunni ministers from
the 8th march camp or from the Pro
Hezbollah Pro Syria camp the Hezbollah
led Alliance is being accused of using
its enhanced political position to alter
the tariff agreement that we distributed
power after the Civil War ended in 1990
Lebanon has a sectarian political system
the wrangling is not just about
representation in cabinet but about
division of power enshrined in play if
Hezbollah sees this as a chance to amend
or if even if informally and consolidate
power not granted to it by the toe if a
court shutting the office of Prime
Minister for example is the highest post
reserved for a Muslim Sunni Hariri lost
his majority in parliament but still
heads the largest sunny block his
opponents are threatening to nominate
someone else if necessary we will stage
a political diplomatic and popular
campaign to liberate Lebanon from
political captivity Correa is accused of
delaying the formation of the government
to prevent the normalization of
relations with Syria the relationship
with Damascus has long been a divisive
issue in Lebanon the new government will
have to address it now that it appears
President Bashar al-assad will be
staying in power the Iranian backed
Hezbollah party and pro-assad
politicians want Lebanon to resume
dealing with the Syrian government in an
official capacity has blinded allies say
the government makeup should reflect the
election results which means they want
veto power
howdy he wants to prevent that but
politically he is too weak senator al
Jazeera Beirut
