I am Frank wan-chi tong khoo lakota
hip-hop artist and you are in the street
I am sorry okay and Emily could be Lila
and you're in the stream it is world
indigenous day and today we are kicking
off our series looking at indigenous
issues from around the globe our first
topic missing and murdered Native
American women what is being done to
solve the crisis in Indian country we'll
also hear reasons why so many of these
cases go unsolved now if you've been
impacted by this issue tweet us during
the show at AJ stream there are an
estimated 370 million indigenous people
in the world that's according to the UN
which marks August 9th as the
International Day of the world's
indigenous peoples if we do not promote
indigenous rights and safeguard the
knowledge which indigenous peoples
treasure
we will harm the destiny of all humanity
not see you in human rights achieves aid
rods and Husayn in Mexico Environment
Secretary Jorge de Scott of Perez writes
today we celebrate the day for
indigenous people more than 5% of the
world's population consider them our
guardians of Mother Earth now this month
we're following conversations from and
about that 5% of the world and we're
using today as a starting point for our
series called indigenous views is there
an issue impacting an indigenous group
in your part of the world tell us what
stories you want us to cover we're
sending a tweet at AJ stream
disappearances and violent crime
affecting Native American women it is an
issue that continues to scar Native
American communities online it is being
discussed with a hashtag mm iw that is
short for missing and murdered
indigenous women their cases received
very little media attention and often
suffer from a lack of law-enforcement
coordination between tribal and local
police more than four out of five Native
American women are expected to
experience violence within their
lifetime on some reservations Native
women are murdered far above the
national average but the numbers aren't
entirely clear and that's because
comprehensive statistics aren't kept at
a national level so we wanted to know
why Native American women are more
likely to become victims of violent
crime and what should be done to protect
them joining us to discuss this in
Portland Oregon
Jaclyn Kela is Adonai Dakota a writer
and activist in Eureka California
Anita Lucca Singh is a southern Cheyenne
descendant and doctoral student at the
University of Lethbridge Anita maintains
one of the largest databases of cases of
missing and murdered indigenous women
and girls in Canada and the United
States and in Boulder Colorado
Carla Frederick's is a director of the
American Indian Law Clinic and American
Indian law program and that is at the
University of Colorado she is an
enrolled member of the Madonna Hidatsa
and Arikara nation of North Dakota
ladies I wish I could get you here under
better circumstances but thank you so
much for helping as a unpack this the
series of stories and this phenomenon in
North America Anita this database is
extraordinary can you tell us a little
bit about it how it was set up what it
does sure
well the database was inspired by work
that I started a few years ago and
trying to assess how all the different
ways that Native people are made to
disappear within North America and then
trying to find an accurate number of
missing a murdered native woman I found
that everyone has a
number everyone has a different list
none of them match completely none of
them are updated frequently and it
really was just a mess trying to work
through it and so at that point I felt a
responsibility to step in and and fill
that gap these aren't just numbers
though these are people these are lives
these are families can you share some of
those family stories because the stats
that we had at the top of the show it I
can't believe that there's almost any
lazy family that hasn't been touched by
some tragedy or violence or abuse or
something out there those stats are
almost unbelievable
there really isn't any native family
that hasn't been touched by this in some
way and to give you an example of some
of the cases in the database
you know for me one of the most personal
cases is Ashley heavy runner who has
been missing from browning Montana which
is on the Blackfeet nation in northern
Montana she's been missing for over a
year and while she isn't a family member
of mine she was a student when I taught
at the tribal college and she was
beautiful inside and out had a very
bright future and was in her final
semester about to graduate and you know
I was really the grief that her family's
experiencing is something that her
community feels as well and they've
really galvanized her on her case
because that grief is felt so deeply
unfortunately she's not alone indeed of
course as you mentioned online people
are sharing the story of another person
Ryan here tweets this is Olivia lone
bear her body was discovered in a truck
at the bottom of a lake in North Dakota
please consider sharing this so her
death isn't in vain and helps spread
awareness another person writing about
her case it is confirmed or missing
sister has been found please pray for
her children and her family and all
those that have helped in the efforts to
find her Jacqueline talked to us about
Olivia 32 year old North Dakota woman
who went missing in October 2017 I know
you were writing about her case and
covering this story yes I am I wrote a
piece for high country news about
Olivia's
your case and in May and I got to travel
out to to to North Dakota to Fort
Berthold the community where she's from
and talked to her family and see the
search going on on the ground and they
searched for over over eight months and
so it's a it was quiet tragic news for
them to find out that she's a mother of
four living children one deceased and
and that she she came home but sadly she
came home you know she was she was found
her body was found in a truck that she'd
been gone missing in and it was found
over 20 feet in the water at in Lake
Sakakawea on her reservation Jackie I
think it's important to listen to
jumping in yeah please you know she the
truck when it was found it had been
found for days and her family had
struggled with law enforcement for days
to get law enforcement to respond
adequately in determining that the
vehicle was hers and to find out you
know if she was in it or or if any
evidence pertinent to her case was in it
and I think that shows a really powerful
example of how difficult it can be in
working with law enforcement on this
issue and how things need to change you
know a woman she has children they're
about to start a new school year and
they deserve to know where their mom was
and law enforcement could have and
should have responded to that better
yeah my article and it was called no
crime scene because basically she was
told by her family that because she
there was no crime scene they couldn't
even report her as a missing person they
wouldn't do they wouldn't accept a
missing-persons report
the tribal police and throughout this
the family felt very strongly that the
the case was not taken seriously they
had to do a lot of the searching
themselves they were urging they really
wanted a search of the water and you
know the the reservation is over a
million acres and it's in the center of
the Bakken the way the fracking oil
fields in North Dakota and it's and they
could not get the police to address this
issue or to to actually search the water
and they were keep in fact
the press conference after she was found
last Friday her her Matt loan bear her
cousin said that that they were being
put off again the about a water search
intellect Ober they'd waited for the
water to unfreeze and but really it's I
hear this story over and over again you
know from the Loring family in Montana
here and I live in Pacific Northwest on
the Yakima reservation you know where
often sadly enough the police are not
helpful in helping to find helping to
find some and that there is no protocol
in place regarding this whole issue
about tribal police federal police
police response generally in these cases
so we've actually I'm a member of the
Fort Berthold and Hadassah McBride as
you mentioned before and Olivia was also
a member of my tribe and we've worked
extensively with that tribe on issues of
how to prosecute and investigate crimes
on the reservation as Jack Jacqueline
said the reservation is about a million
acres and it's larger than the state of
Delaware there's only 14 tribal police
tribes can't tax and so any tribal
police are paid for by the tribe through
whatever revenue it's able to establish
either through development or through
any any number of land-based or Gaming
based enterprises so fourteen police -
police the size of the state of Delaware
and Delaware has I think 1,200 state
troopers and that doesn't include local
police so there's a big mismatch there
in terms of BC but you're making it
sound like it's a resources issue
it's absolutely resources and it's
absolutely jurisdiction so that will
rank so with more resources there with
no there wouldn't be a murdered mr.
missing indigenous swimming if there was
more money so is no is there is there a
hierarchy of well because yeah great
color it's about jurisdiction and that's
about Oh so what you can do on tribal
lands and then what you can do on
non-tribal that's right and the lake
that we're talking about that Olivia was
found in is actually
to some extent federal land still
because that lake was originally the
community of elbow woods which was
flooded out to provide electricity for
the Picts loan project and my tribe was
relocated to five segments surrounding
the lake and so there's more coastline
on my reservation than the Pacific coast
of California so I don't know how
without adequate resources and there
they're supposed to be adequate law
enforcement response on that reservation
in particular and Karla picking up on
what you're saying there I just wanted
to bring this suite in because it it
picks up on what Karla was saying IVA
tweets under current law tribes cannot
prosecute non natives for sexual assault
and Native American victims are denied
access to justice
Annina can you weigh in here how true is
this that's completely true
and fortunately FBI declines about 70%
of the cases of sexual assault involving
a native victim that they receive so you
know that creates an environment where
people know that that kind of violence
is normal and okay and that there aren't
any consequences because of these
jurisdictional gaps where people are
able to you know exploit you know I do
want to add in discussing this issue of
jurisdiction it's not just cases even a
case that happens you know off of the
reservation this jurisdiction question
is still an issue
so you need to be very clear for our
international audience watching this
because even in the u.s. people don't
understand this jurisdiction idea the
FBI if they're on a reservation can they
go in to a reservation and investigate a
murder or a missing person can they do
that can I go anywhere they have the
responsibility and the big question that
I think we would all ask is why why
isn't that happening why is that not
happening
we don't know I think that you know one
of the things in thinking about this
issue that's been very obvious to me is
that it is a human rights issue and
there has been a situation through US
law where Indian people have been
dehumanized in multiple ways
particularly with respect to
when they're in a situation where
they're victims of crime instead of
being looked at like every other person
in the United States what can we do to
prosecute this the quit the first
question is who did it because that's
who decides how its decided how its
prosecuted so is it an Indian
potentially is it potentially in history
what crime is a tight collar finish a
sentence go ahead sorry because it never
considers the victim it never considers
their family and this is a human rights
crisis from that person so I just want
to address some of the history behind
that the youth in the early Native
reservations are not just like parks
they're actually sovereign nations
within the United States so they have
jurisdiction over their own lands and
and nd of nations actually legally have
a status higher than States you know
that the the US government doesn't sign
treaties with anyone but nations at the
Senate doesn't ratify treaties with
anyone but nations and so the what
happened was in the nineteenth century
there was some disagreements I'm Dakota
Sioux and and and on a local reservation
there was actually a prosecution of a
murder and and back east and you know
there was all the yellow journalism
going on and they made a big deal about
it and so they took away jurisdiction
over five major crimes that the tribes
enjoyed including murder and so this is
why that goes under the jurisdiction of
the FBI and then later yes and then
later even more jurisdiction was taken
away in in the 20th century and whereby
you know tribes could not have
jurisdiction over non-fun world people
so if you're not enrolled in a federally
recognized tribe the the native nation
does not have jurisdiction over you
which leaves a huge gap in prosecution
of these crimes and leaves Native women
incredibly vulnerable and and of course
in 2013
voilá the violence again
women's Act was passed with amendments
to address this gap but the addresses on
a very narrow scope and you know just
with domestic violence and only if it's
between committed partners so if you're
talking about cases of actual sex
trafficking you know it wouldn't apply
there there is it was fought for two
years this amendment was fought by
Republicans in Congress and some of the
arguments are well you know we don't
want the tribes to have jurisdiction
over us if we can't vote in their
elections but you go to other countries
and you are under the jurisdiction of
that country whether or not you can vote
in that country you know that's just how
it is and but there's this great
unwillingness to basically give tribes
jurisdiction over white people and it is
white men they're committing most of
these crimes and according to the data
we had which is which is not perfect but
allegedly 70% of the perpetuators of
these violent crimes against Native
women are white men and if that was a
ski this thing so then this becomes a
race crime hate crimes this is racism
well it's definitely I want to see
colors you're nodding right cuz I don't
want to put words in your mouth you are
native I am NOT you tell me what is it
it's the penalty liner that this is
already using this to me this fight
that's missing and murdered indigenous
women issue is very similar in my mind
to black lives matter Native women
matter and our lives matter and what is
going on in this country and has been
going on in this country for centuries
to deny us our basic humanity and our
basic right to life you know not
prosecuting not policing not
investigating and creating a situation
that you're describing accurately as one
where criminals feel empowered to go on
to these reservations and commit these
crimes because they know there's no
consequence again like I said it's a
human rights issue and if it's a human
rights issue because of race then then
that's what it is and we can call it
that and we shouldn't be afraid to call
it that Carla in addition to that the no
seeming consequences I want to bring
this in here because in addition to the
the seemingly no con
the quinces there's also people online
saying these things also aren't reported
as well as they should be in me here on
Twitter says I woke up this morning to
see the news talking about a missing
woman on the news and thinking about how
finding the body of Olivia lone bear who
we mentioned earlier didn't make a blip
in national news why because Native
women death is as American as apple pie
another person Marty tweets into the
stream saying there's no reporting
system
there's no news coverage there's no
follow-up they cut short search efforts
and then the families have to rely on
fundraising to continue searching for
their loved ones and it's a continuous
cycle of Native people being swept under
the rug as if we don't exist Anita why
is this so underreported well I think
there's a number of factors and it ties
in to the point that I wanted to make on
issues of jurisdiction and racism it's
not just tribal police or the FBI that's
failing Native women and it's not just
you know this this issue doesn't happen
just on reservations for example savanah
gray wind was mentioned she wasn't
living on the reservation she was living
in an urban area and it wasn't tribal
police that failed her it was local
police there's an ongoing case right now
her name is Khadija Britton she's here
in Northern California she was kidnapped
at knifepoint by her abusive
ex-boyfriend a witness testified to that
fact and for some reason that wasn't
enough because when he showed up in the
courtroom they decided to dismiss the
charges because Khadija wasn't there in
court to testify well she wasn't in
court because she's still missing and
her family is still fundraising and
doing ground searches themselves so
that's another example of law
enforcement that have totally failed to
not only protect a native woman but
holds the perpetrator accountable and
that was the County Sheriff that wasn't
tribal police for the FBI you know and
in collecting this data one thing that
we've done is compare community sourced
data to law enforcement data to see okay
where are the gaps happening and where
are those miscommunications happening
for example the state of Washington
recently passed legislation that the
Washington State Patrol is required to
collect data on all missing native
people in the state and report
to the governor's office we compared the
data that the State Patrol currently has
to what we have in the database and
found the State Patrol is missing at
least a third of missing native women
and girls in the state from their
records and of those cases only about
10% are cases that happened on a
reservation so needle on thinking about
the other you you know you help you help
other organizations other departments
who should have this information you are
helping them with their data that they
don't have is this the activism and the
work that's happening within the
community where we are saying this is
not good enough I'm wondering if what
you're doing
can we put that under progress well
actually Heidi senator Heidi Heitkamp
has put together a law savannahs act to
collect more data right and but it's it
is does come down to this idea which one
of the two years already mentioned which
is that we are invisible in general and
so when we are when we die you know it's
not national news and or when our bodies
are found and often they are not found
you know and so it's um
you know I I think I've made a
comparison in my article with the movie
Wind River the Hollywood movie depicting
the missing mer an indigenous woman and
girl and and it you know they're the
bodies found right away and then it's
just simply not the case most of the
time yeah but it's yeah I think I want
to show this because I think this this
helps us sort of visualize what's going
on this is a Facebook page we lost them
missing an Indian country and what it
does is it shows you either some of the
people who are either missing or their
remains remain unidentified
and it gives you just a little glimpse
into it's not just women it's it's all
different members of Native communities
but this is happening on social social
media and I'm wondering Carla is this
the way the community is saying we are
doing this for ourselves we are not
going to be victims forever right I mean
I think that there that's
a great point and I think that there's a
tremendous amount that can be done with
collaboration with the grassroots with
the tribes between state and local law
enforcement and and the federal
government and that's really what we've
recommended in our work that this is an
all-hands-on-deck type of problem given
the type of circumstances of these cases
given the breadth and the number of
these cases it does require what we call
a comprehensive solution and that
comprehensive solution has to be
grounded in in being having a
victim-centered approach and that's
really what's missing no one's working
together no one's thinking about the
victims and what Anita's doing is
amazing and I'll be emailing her after
this I'm trying to see if we can
integrate her data into what we're doing
but frankly you know
Anita's work should be supported by the
federal government because it's their
responsibility to collect this data and
they're not doing it you know this is
this is a player right the federal
government has actually requested access
to my data because they know that I have
things they don't there was a case last
week where someone called in with a tip
and said hey we know this girl's missing
we've seen her in such-and-such location
please check up on her and the FBI had
no record of her and had no idea she was
missing but she was logged in the
database so I was able to provide that
information to them and in the process
tell them you know clearly this moment
has demonstrated there's value in the
community maintaining a role in
protecting and caring for this data
because we do it in a way that these
agencies even though they're paid to do
it you know and to clarify I'm unpaid
this has been three years of unpaid work
that I've done as a community member
I know we're doing a better job I need
college Jaqueline tell tell us the woman
saying one thing because they were in
the last one minute of the show so I
just need one thing that makes this
situation better caller one thing power
needs to be amended to include all
sexual violence crime and it's against
women's act needs to be immediately
needs to be updated this year laws were
in trouble
Anita one thing Savannah's Act needs to
be amended to require law enforcement to
pork I will data on this issue and
it needs to be written with an
enforcement mechanism Jaqueline tribal
sovereignty needs to be recognized and
completely restored particularly in the
issue of jurisdiction all right this is
easy ask the community they have the
answers they have the solutions ladies
thank you for joining us
we continue our indigenous view series
next Thursday and we will be looking at
South Africa's sand people and other
indigenous groups who are taking charge
of how anthropologists study them they
are giving them guidelines you can do
this you cannot do this we also want to
know about your indigenous stories that
you would like us to tell so you can
find us on Facebook at the stream and at
AJ stream on Twitter and then you can
tell us your story and then it's Malika
and I on the team like it you'll find it
right here in the next couple of weeks
thank you so much for watching we will
see you online
take everybody
