with its gleaming new shopping malls and
high-rise apartments Yangon's become the
symbol of Myanmar's economic rise but in
its poorest neighborhoods families turn
to loan sharks just to survive I'm Steve
Chow on this episode of one on one East
we meet those trapped in a cycle of debt
and the people who profit from their
despair
in yangon living on the wrong side of
the tracks means living on the wrong
side of the river it is here that rural
migrants are forced to settle or they
search for jobs in the city some cross
the river at the break of dawn knowing
that they will return with some money in
their hands but for most those with no
regular source of income mornings are
just the start of another day of
struggle
every day yone name comes to the market
to buy food for her family
every cent counts the 20 Road is
shopping for her husband two infant
children and three members of her
extended family but it was just $20 20
display she can't afford to buy much
time alone with you you shoot a lover
with time you've attended know that I
will win
loan line earns $4 50 a day in a
part-time job cooking and cleaning for
middle-class families in the city
this makes loan loan the family
breadwinner with her husband working
just 2 days a week as a plumber the
family have been struggling ever since
loan line gave birth to their twins soup
on ship and winch it last year with
hospital bills of a hundred and fifty
dollars they had to take out a loan from
a local money lender he charges a steep
20 percent monthly interest over the
course of 18 months they managed to pay
back almost all of that money but then
the monsoon season struck the me a
dollar general de le deluge on the
general clean and easier misuse review
and they tied up Emma Cooney tohno-kun
you down a lot of me alligator now teen
yarmulke assembly line I meant to are
down there to that they or don't don't
no don't
tornado cooldown allow I do with Yokota
edema party every day as she makes her
way to the money lenders house low known
carries with her more than half the
family's earnings it's a heavy burden
I don't know I'm doing that it applie
upon a low-density the moneylender is a
friend of the family and a young mother
herself but all feelings of empathy were
forgotten when deciding the terms of the
loan you're a cool down a db9 Lewis you
cheat about now doll mama
but bananas you don't know Larry Taylor
with such high interest rates how long
do you think it's gonna take for you to
pay back these loans
do you boo some people want to say boo
yeah we're gonna go my along GDI GDI
machine a machine I'm a little boy wanna
go mama she your little over younger me
been in it what do I need that along gee
my mundo Canyon a tsunami did Obama do
never go I feel L feel LM emoji diary
time in itself
Lina Jim Weider ie mashido Janeiro yondu
kya lo known is not the only one
crippled by high interest rates in
neighborhoods like this eighty-five
percent of households have borrowed
money the loans usually rescue the
borough from an immediate financial
emergency but with monthly interest
rates as high as 50% they come at a
crushing cost
mornings for thirteen-year-old unset
pain and his ten-year-old brother
sunlen um start with breakfast and a
playful
in the past they would head off to play
football with their friends
now the only game that the two boys can
play involves weaving in between the
track desperately searching the size of
the road for plastic bottles and tin
cans
it's a relentless task particularly in
the summer months when temperatures can
soar to 40 degrees Celsius li and shade
is difficult to find that with a family
of six to feed the boys have a little
choice Maya and EEMA count them heroes
of media railways if I don't know it
Lomas arm I don't tell them anywhere to
stay with me who Andy what don't wanna
and he told me all about it
I would then I will get the name wrong
I'm Adam new don't know beyond Adam
Doval order another new day at our town
our luma in a demo I am yes and I knew
it they were worried about you the boy's
mother first took has a loan of just
$3.00 50 with 20% monthly interest eight
months later she owes $60 with their
debts spiraling out of control their
mother decided to take her son's out of
school and put them to work as rubbish
collectors
don't touch anything para todo genocidal
a shitty thing I didn't even enjoy worry
so John at the Jordan and Jack tanah
Merah job dude like doing neato money
this deep-down is lucky stopping aging
you that way
who nerdy who didn't look hippy yamadera
donate I don't know where guy you I
don't know
I made my love my lose you mean I don't
you know similar to his own color I
became an Iranian color legged Carnegie
thinking green one untapping and Sun and
arm a Auggie but their loyalty to their
family is unwavering
till we made it no Mia tilde meaning she
doesn't wanna write it with me
we are good I gotta meet the woman I'm
okay now alone after three hours the
boys arrive at the recycling center with
two bags full of cans and bottles they
earn the equivalent of 60 cents for
their work it's not enough to pay off
their mother's daily interest payment so
they'll have to return to the streets
again in the afternoon
they are not the only children you have
to work here to survive the government
estimates that there are 1.3 million
child laborers Indiana one of the worst
rates of underage employment in the
world poverty has always been the
driving force behind this phenomenon but
could the dependence of Myanmar's poor
on these high interest loans be making
it even worse we've managed to track
down a broker that specializes in
recruiting children into jobs as waiters
cleaners and housemates now the minimum
working age in the analyzed 14 we
understand that this lady recruits
children far younger than that
she may live in a squatter camp but
Doran and respectable $400 per month as
a broker recruiting children the jobs in
towns and cities across the country
she says that almost all of her clients
come from families crippled by debt say
oh well she I look at dreaming and
Nunnally
hello NATO but NATO como I need all such
a look committee she did Ho Young will
mi nah know what time you're doing you
can you dance on it
usually are the two billion for no
that's how true feeling
do your much re-up whether I'm a kind
that's super Santo building
hello solution simply get donate you
yeah - yeah Khalil as out juju later
Carter
I either walk what are the living and
working conditions like for these
children
no no I'm a net hairstylist Amamiya g li
hua Lian is up when aqua my child Concha
cool suggested an alleged army know so
they can you say nice doing what up you
got a whole day soon and I say don't
knock it on the low so any video when I
don't even yeah Oh me out universe women
look double doing either way they looked
at me so each other on my video some
people would say that taking children
below the legal working age and placing
them in jobs in different towns and
cities is human trafficking would you
agree with that
hello old we also had a look miss you
sound depending on the poor I'm over at
your ozawa Oh Malone in L do Guney dead
the war the irony is that Dolan believes
she is helping the families around her
but even after she sends her underage
and underpaid children off to work the
burden of debt remains and it's the
community's money lenders who gain the
most
so who are these shrewd individuals
profiting from their friends and
neighbors you know so Sheila yeah ba
David I didn't it below Tommy I've been
busy love you with dinos irony rainy day
at how many of you know the way I feel
Doherty is the village seamstress but
she doesn't spend much time behind the
sewing machine raise enough money I
needed honey honey mmmm be wanna see she
wanna tell you Jana it is y'all don't
know anything about women how did you
need to tell me m'lady
JDM episiotomy geometry Chavarria -
through the occipital knowledge said how
you need my money AMA to zero look at
Anita now we are Italian a city we need
I need a big army area with no shortage
of people looking for some quick cash
money lending takes up more and more
daughters time no see how and I do I
know who added that Homer he had to I
write songs eat over captain thought it
is so what she gonna be like name do I
fill up the entire know she T G that
Koronadal my lamina and nagamma Hanuman
Dossett it gonna be near their nests in
there yeah yet me yet nah don't do
she has around 20 clients you pay
monthly interest rates of either 20 or
30 percent technically this makes her
work illegal individual moneylenders
cannot charge more than 18 percent per
annum and they require an official
license but the antiquated law is rarely
policed and dort a says other
moneylenders get away with charging a
lot more and I'm an Audi Maibaum a
medical solution that found that onward
along either Medea uh Luna recording
material don't need a tool on our web
poll another angle recording video come
along with our lobelia T warranty lotta
you know BT Warren in Italian alluminium
la la la la - arrow we're down would you
say that your money lending operation is
more of a business or a service de la
semana which I generally meet education
you know we generally win against
Iranians I've even bought my lab you are
a woman Lobby be losing geology not
happy on you they're gonna be MVP
Phoenix you are normalizing the enemy
when you bid at the bomb you'll get
Daniel Kelly we've met families that
have been so crippled by their interest
payments that they struggle to feed
their children do you think that it can
still be classified as a service when
these are the consequences what you do
is you my jewelry general aluminum the
physio
voluma physiology no Kuni dirt upon it
Cooney garage Raleigh through our energy
may be on donor p 9n ew p I know balloon
ROP Sanders Anglia me later Penina bow
down pure element Golden Arrow alumina
Kiowa rarity among she in fact according
to dort a the risks pull solely upon the
moneylender with clients regularly
disappearing in the middle of the night
without paying off their debts hello leo
tomorrow you open tomorrow latina mellow
baby you need improvement in do you
wanna be my pullman on that video
we wanna knowledge about him alone I am
lose of you and I forgot that she that
she be all right
vanilla jaw telling I don't help you I
ain't down on corner your mom Anita
don't aim imma hold on really be I know
be a mulatto it is rare here for
moneylenders to get violent when their
clients refuse to pay but social shaming
is a common tactic and one that is often
employed by door take as she patrols the
neighborhood
I don't know same mad a noodle present a
car that don't wanna know me
simultaneous with the car appeal either
bill a magnanimity Malo I could be
Milani be mallalieu
where'd you visited or I go every day
what Tommy
but for dort a the benefits outweigh the
risks and with interest rates of up to
30% she has decided that money lending
makes good business sense
you know I show where daddy would be I
mean you are you are now Iago we're down
aluminum-alloy gardenia show me aria and
you know I gonna a guru she shot me I
shall go with you and with the steady
stream of clients that future and her
profits are looking rosy spending time
with dort a has shown that the ethics of
money lending are not black and white
the loan sharks are profiting from the
vulnerability of their neighbors but
there's such a vital component of the
local economy that monthly interest
rates of twenty to thirty percent are
considered normal
the problem is that cash is still paying
in Myanmar with less than twenty percent
of the population
only bank accounts however there is one
place where neither the banks nor
moneylenders populate I've come to the
suburb of the angle to meet a group of
women that have managed to escape the
clutches of loan sharks through a
collective Savings Scheme the results
have been a life changer
for the last nine years these 34 women
have been meeting every week to invest
their money in a group savings account
they deposit $2 50 into this green box
and after three months of weekly
investment they're eligible for a loan
for the system to work everything must
be fair and accountable so the women
have set up strict rules which they must
all it a turn
they do pay much the interest but just
2% and at the end of the year that money
is shared among a group since the
initiative began they have used the
profits on their savings account to buy
a plot of land build themselves new
housing and create a community of
entrepreneurs who financially
self-sufficient before joining the
collective Kenya Moore could barely
afford her rent got a kick out a move in
Azam appeal
another telegraphy yummy hello some
dough tell us and he's gonna tell a
guitar I'm young snip oh no say la la la
oh don't don't say lots of something be
I don't name people drink to it say like
a tumbling video recommendations aloo
masala so who won is integral of
Calcutta means away I collinear John
Locke I clearly saw beautiful to an
injury to Adam or another people machine
she is one of the few artisans you can
make traditional percussion mallets in
Yangon yet before she could only produce
around 50 a week come on Omar Omar Jimmy
she dared to it pinata but chilly we are
a Pacino you are a party lugar a boner
party lugar it having me at obra Sora
Chavo
machiya who launched an arm our enmity
you achieve an echo machine ahan inna to
Taco Bell okay matrimony Chiara has
another two days Sheila leg another
thing our Father in heaven in a region
analytic automata with help from the
group
Kimmy Moore was able to buy the
additional materials that she needed in
order to meet the demand from her
clients she now produces anything from
100 to 1000 pieces a week the Kendall
one or do you se llaman she came at
wiggity points in a material so it
seemed a solution blue lace oh come on
Dewey yahshimabet email Pedro yes I am
my son I'm sorry mama at or in-n-out at
the cutter cutter be your tegami re how
you like to partake ham
so are you telling you I mean I can't
and I took a man without a melodrama
we're sick physically champion in the
army either jump tomorrow do you feel
well
Anna Alcoa the impacts of this group is
quite localized yet the issue of money
lenders is quite widespread do you think
the model could be replicated more
broadly to help other families in yangon
luara I'm emotionally do a memory Louis
I am in Michigan
didn't your DeFazio to area they can
stay to call a stooge are a newbie
marketer the Cholula allo seguro mashita
kumahachi are you may mr. Putin alumina
so do you wear my online same appeal I
do a sabe la coneja Molly Moll Umizoomi
- salad akamalik Annika malecon si do
kurushimi so esta gente boom ultimate
arena that unity has paid off with the
sound of sewing machines drifting from
almost every house you can literally
hear the entrepreneurial energy created
by these low interest loans and with the
women taking care of family finances
their husbands have plenty of time the
game of Burmese billiards Alleluia
yom-yom interpreter Nia didn't Yamaha
Lumia chatter new nimittani Lumina
Chatham you name a polymer solution a
salami moieties are a little party for
me Carly
but until then Yangon's urban poor will
continue to be trapped by their
predatory lending practices reliant on
this quick easy the expensive form of
credit I'm hoping however that loan loan
and her family wrote be among them it's
been a week since I met the young mother
of teeth by now she should have finished
paying back this month's interest so
have you been since we last saw you have
you got any further towards filling up
your interest rates
my son would he do
Selena begin to shine y'all a target
cannula pajama car game I love it
tell me John I do i download didn't
wanna say meow my pinnacle it don t need
a cool-down
Peter and he and I love don't anguish
and eager to eyes are lucky now long
I've been found one
now do what now like I'm saying is I
don't go home to happen that they need
them
it wasn't an easy I was hoping for loan
loan and her family have fallen even
deeper into debt I mean who are Lola
said oh no wow no pain and ten have a
lucid idea Gillian and I want no baby
you actually son I'm at the new Google
while condom and got him a Google
already treating a peon I gamma hello -
yeah you got
they only war be the up in onion
melodious ukulele salmon you guys get
serious havoc so now rather than
focusing on the one lonely payment the
family have had to borrow money from
multiple lenders it is a complicated web
of death
it's even harder for loan loan to escape
especially if the family injures another
financial emergency in the coming months
but this is the reality for anyone
struggling on a low income in Myanmar
because when illegal moneylenders rule
the streets you can avoid the crippling
cycle of debt
