it was in early August 30 years ago that
protesters took to the streets of Burma
as it was called then taking their stand
for democracy after decades of military
control the movement became known as
8888 the date of a nationwide general
strike August 8 1988 a year before the
country was renamed Myanmar thousands
marched in the then capital Rangoon and
in cities and towns across the nation in
its crackdown the military opened fire
but the demonstrations continued and
grew in the weeks to come
3,000 protesters were killed another
3,000 jailed and 10,000 fled the country
from these protests a leader for the
movement emerged and this was the really
beginning of the growth of you know the
image of Hong sang-soo Chee is the great
democracy and human rights icon and
since that beginning 30 years ago she
won the Nobel Peace Prize while under
house arrest and her political party
went on to win general elections three
years ago but even with that she does
not run the country
the military's control over the civilian
government is guaranteed in the
Constitution
dunja Park preach' Raj is a professor of
Southeast Asia politics at Thailand's
Thomas OTT University we need to
understand the nature of democracy in
Myanmar today it was developed by the
former military leader Myanmar nowaday
is in the process of democratic
transition or democratic consolidation
I think young man now is in the halfway
even though the nation is finding its
feet as a new democracy many feel that
since taking office on sang-soo qi has
ignored human rights and freedoms when
she should be speaking out and fighting
for them like she did 30 years ago the
idea that she was going to be a human
rights defender for in the leadership of
the government has now really been
dashed because you know she as she said
I'm not a you know I'm not a human
rights activist I'm a politician and
unfortunately those words have proved to
be prophetic because you know she has
become the kind of politician that
an earlier version of her may have
railed against while the movement that
brought on song su Chi to where she is
today is celebrated the time when she or
another democratically elected civilian
leader will actually lead the country is
still in the distance
it's got Heidler al jazeera
