they thought that eradicated measles
from Brazil only 20 years ago but the
influx of tens of thousands of
Venezuelans escaping economic and
political strife has brought it across
the border those who entered Brazil
shouldn't be blamed we are the ones who
blamed for spending so many years
without vaccinating our population if
Brazilians are correctly vaccinated no
migration wave would cause an outbreak
in our country the north of Brazil which
has the highest number of Venezuelan
migrants has been the worst affected in
the nouse we spent 18 years with no case
of measles registered once the first
cases were identified in March we
decided to anticipate the campaign most
of the children were vaccinated and now
we're focusing on adults one child died
here in Manaus and four more in other
parts of Brazil thousands more have been
infected the battle to keep measles at
bay is a constant one with regular
vigilance and campaigns like this one to
ensure that everybody even in the
distant remote Amazon is vaccinated but
the campaign is nationwide with 11
million children aged between one and
five being vaccinated it's been a
generally smooth operation with only
some resistance I thought it would hurt
four-year-old Enzo in Sao Paulo said
afterwards his mother like thousands of
others had no doubts
the outbreak hasn't reached Sao Paulo
but I think it's good to bring him since
it's a campaign to prevent the illness
it's not just about vaccination the
Brazilian authorities are also educating
the children about a disease they've
tackled before but now hope they can
defeat the good Daniel shrine there al
Jazeera Manaus Brazil
