Canada's ambassador to Saudi Arabia is
on his way home the Saudis say Dennis
4ak is no longer welcome and they're
accusing the Canadian government of
interfering in the kingdom's internal
affairs as well as spreading
misinformation pilato is urato
pharisaical member the Saudi Ministry of
Foreign Affairs has expressed disbelief
by this negative of founded comment
which was not based on any accurate or
throw information the diplomatic dispute
was triggered by the Canadian embassy in
Riyadh tweeting its concern about the
arrest of civil society and women's
rights activists including Samar Badawi
the tweets urged Saudi authorities to
release them women's suffrage political
activist Samar Badawi was honored in
2012 by then US Secretary of State
Hillary Clinton and first lady Michelle
Obama but now he was jailed after suing
the kingdom for the right to choose her
own husband her brother rife Badawi was
sentenced to ten years and 1,000 lashes
in 2014 for insulting Islam through a
blogging website for public debate
others arrested by Saudi police have
pressed for the rights of women and the
rights of Shia Muslim minority another
woman was taken to custody because she's
married to an islamic law scholar it's
absolutely ridiculous that the Saudi
authorities can and the one hand come
through with some son limited reforms
like the lifting of the driving ban but
on the other hand arrests a very same
women who helped to bring about this
reform since May we've seen more than a
dozen women's rights activists arrested
in what is an unprecedented crackdown
the kingdom has just allowed women to
drive for the first time and to attend
sporting events and cinemas have opened
after being banned Saudi Arabia is a
major trading partner supplying 10% of
Canadian crude oil imports Canada listed
Saudi Arabia as the 2nd largest buyer of
Canadian arms after the u.s. the two
countries signed a 12 billion dollar
arms deal four years ago Canada was to
deliver important trucks and other
armored vehicles and also the Saudi
Arabia is a source of
for a number of Canadian universities
since thousands of Saudis are coming to
the Canadian universities for their
education
critics say Canada's allies must help in
taking a stand to pressure the kingdom
to stop its crackdown on activists
calling for change
Paul Chatterjee on al Jazeera
