Donald Trump has hated the Iran nuclear
deal for a long time he promised if
elected president he would immediately
withdraw the u.s. from the
internationally agreed deal it took him
more than a year but he finally did it
in Maine this was a horrible one-sided
deal that should have never ever been
made there are those who would suggest
that Donald Trump hasn't even read the
Iran deal but he's against it because it
doesn't cover issues such as Iran's
ballistic missile program or its
influence in the region those who sat
down originally with the Iranians
decided to concentrate solely on the
nuclear issue to try and get a deal and
they did when the u.s. pulled out it
violated the deal and upset
international partners but it also set
the clock ticking on snapping back
sanctions against the government in
Tehran anyone doing business with Iran
country or company could face u.s.
sanction Europe India Turkey could all
be badly hit walking away from the
nuclear deal and reimposing sanctions
poses two huge problems for
international players for other
countries one is that they have to in a
sense go along with President Trump
shredding the international order that
they all have signed up to and then they
have to take a personal hit in terms of
their finances either pulling out of
Iran or not investing in Iran Donald
Trump believes putting economic pressure
on Iran will bring them back to the
negotiating table there are others in
his administration who believe it could
even force regime change the Iranian
regime is going to ultimately have to
look itself in the mirror the Iranian
people a special ejoute are increasingly
eager for economic political and social
change but one expert says the u.s.
sanctions policy might actually have the
opposite effect ultimately what this
adds up to is that Iran's economy will
be under more pressure than it was
before but not enough to actually change
its nuclear calculus and you'll start to
see the Iranians restart the nuclear
program which will only lead to
escalating tensions throughout the
region
Donald Trump has in recent days
surprisingly offered direct talks with
Iran with no preconditions but a cold
response from the Iranians means that
it's unlikely to happen before the
second wave of US sanctions kicks in in
November
and that would leave the Iran nuclear
deal a shell and struggling to survive
Alan Fisher al Jazeera Washington
