the Catholic Church has been the most
critical voice during uncertain and
tense political times this year in the
Democratic Republic of Congo the
presidential election has been delayed
for two years it's not clear president
Joseph Kabila
who's bought by the Constitution for
running for a third term will try again
church leaders say if he declares his
candidacy for re-election they'll add
worshipers to protests I talked about
the gradient I'm not afraid of anyone
we need the country to go forward the
country is not free and we need a
credible electoral process the country
is on edge former rebel leader
jean-pierre Bemba has submitted his
candidacy to the electoral commission he
returned home after being acquitted of
war crimes at the International Criminal
Court in the Netherlands he spent 10
years in prison pending his trial
another popular opposition leader
Maurice katooni who's in exile was
stopped from crossing the border from
Zambia to submit his election documents
presidential hopefuls have three days
left to complete the process at the
beginning of the year catholic church
leaders organized anti Kabila protests
there were violent confrontations
between security forces and protesters
on the street and other parts of the
city several people were killed and
others injured Rose EMU Kenda's family
is weary of politicians his sister says
was killed by police in the
demonstration and are suing the
government I want those who killed my
brother arrested I also want political
justice he always said that one day our
children will live freely and with
dignity leaders of the ruling coalition
called presidential majority say they're
making final adjustments before
nominating their candidates there is no
legal argument whatsoever to justify
Kabila's kadhi disease there could be a
political argument which can only be
backed by referendum by Wednesday
Congolese will have a clearer picture of
who's running for president in December
they want to see who the ruling party
candidate is and what that will mean for
Catherine soy al-jazeera Kinshasa
