another agreement signed between South
Sudan's government and opposition groups
and renewed hopes of ending five years
of war this time regional countries
brokered more than a month of direct
discussions in the Sudanese capital
Khartoum between the leaders of the
warring sides the agreement sets forth a
foundation for democracy and a levelled
political ground for all South Sudanese
to freely express their views without
fear the civil war started less than
three years after South Sudan gained
independence from Sudan in 2011
President Salva Kiir accused his former
vice president Riek Machar of attempting
a coup
since then tens of thousands have been
killed and a third of the 12 million
population forced from their homes the
latest agreement gives an eight-month
free transitional period after which
Riek Machar is due to return as vice
president the deal stipulates 35
ministers in a transitional government
20 from Kira's party and nine from much
ours the rest represent other parties
Parliament will have 550 legislators
including 332 from Kira's group and 128
from my chars opposition leader Riek
Machar says the latest deal will bring
peace if there is no political will even
if we sign beautiful agreements and they
are not implemented we would have done
nothing a power-sharing deal signed
three years ago so much I returned to
his position months later only for
fighting too soon restart some such as
Floria wa-hoo so what happened then are
cautiously optimistic now
well anomaly another's game if when the
2016 fighting happened we were trapped
so much has changed since the war my
sister lost her husband and we also lost
another relative we couldn't do anything
we just stayed at home now we just want
peace around six million South Sudanese
to rely on foreign aid to survive
with the economy devastated by war many
are hanging their hopes on this
agreement
Kiba Morgan al-jazeera
