student protesters have blocked streets
in Bangladesh for the past week they're
demanding government action to improve
road safety to young students were
knocked down and killed by a bus last
week traffic accidents kill at least
7,000 Bangladeshis every year we've been
protesting on the roads for a few days
with some of our demands we're demanding
justice for those students of the
college killed by a bus and we want safe
roads over the weekend the peaceful
protests became violent when police
tried to break up the crowds rubber
bullets and tear gas were fired at
demonstrators the government ordered
schools and bus services to shut down
bus drivers say they were attacked bang
Digga Digga Rigga lena we stopped
running our buses as students attacked
and damaged our vehicles we cannot go on
the roads students hit our drivers so no
vehicles could move the government's
tried to quell the violence by cutting
Internet services to crippled social
media and censoring both Bangladeshi and
international media pro-government
student groups are being accused of
attacking protesters all are feeling
threatened yeah we wanted a peaceful
protest we don't want any trouble
occurring around here yet rubber bullets
was shot on our brothers at mer /
neighborhood they were dispersed we
don't want all this demonstrators were
further incensed by a government
minister who questioned why there was
uproar about two deaths in Bangladesh
and a lack of anger about 33 deaths in a
bus crash in India the previous day
government leaders say they're going to
implement the students demands for
improved road safety but more protests
are feared as both the ruling and
opposition parties campaign for
elections due in December
Paul Chatterjee on al Jazeera
