why is it so hot a worldwide heat wave
is setting new records and causing
deaths and wildfires sporting
temperatures show no sign of falling so
apart from climate change what is the
cause this is inside story
hello and welcome to the program I'm
Rochelle Carey temperatures in Europe
are soaring close to their highest ever
48 degrees Celsius as the current record
set in the Greek capital Athens back in
this weekend's continental heat wave is
expected to smash that all-time high hot
air from Africa is baking Spain and
Portugal and the Iberian Peninsula
record-breaking temperatures have been
recorded in eight Portuguese towns and
there's a widespread red alert for
wildfires in Spain heatstroke killed at
least three men heat wave warnings have
been issued and 41 of the 50 Spanish
provinces where temperatures are
expected to soar to 44 degrees many
other European countries are also
suffering unusually extended periods of
very hot weather Dutch people are
sweltering and their longest ever
recorded heatwave water shortages are
beginning in the Netherlands
temperatures in France have surpassed 40
degrees for the first time this summer
large parts of the country are on
heatwave alert and the media is raising
awareness of the dangers Sweden had its
hottest July in more than 250 years
accompanied by wildfires and Twitter's
in both Sweden and Poland are being
warned of toxic algae spread by hot
weather let's talk about Belgium the
heatwave there is playing for causing
road accidents and northern latitude
countries worldwide are facing their
hottest summers in history dozens of
Japanese died of heat related conditions
in the past three months as temperatures
topped 40 degrees South Korea had record
breaking highs this week 52 degrees was
recorded in California's Death Valley
last month and the temperature in Korea
in Oman has never sank below 43 degrees
in June the heat waves blamed for
causing wildfires across Northern Europe
high temperatures and weeks of drought
contributed to major wildfires forest
fires that is in Sweden and in
neighboring Norway as well following its
hottest recorded temperature in May
Forest and La fiere were torched and the
border between Finland and Russia was
closed because of fires there all right
let's bring in our panel now joining me
here in the studio is Rob McElwee a
familiar
face reviewers is a meteorologist and
weather forecaster here at al-jazeera
and reading in the UK Rowan Sutton
director of climate research at the UK
national center for atmospheric science
at the University of writing and a Malmo
in Sweden the Orang Lama or president of
the Copenhagen consensus a Danish based
thing take welcome to all of you
Rob I'm going to start with you I know
people may say we're playing favourites
but you're in the studio and the
question I want to put to you is why is
this happening well set it against the
background of climate change anywhere
where we expect everything to get slowly
warmer as a general I mean the the
atmosphere is holding more warmth as is
the ocean but in the past probably when
you and I were children we expect the
weather to move around such as we got a
day of rain a couple days of sunshine
and then it would rain again
so that is a moving pattern the weather
patterns tend to move around the
Northern Hemisphere and the southern
hemisphere we're talking about them to
all hemispheres summer now but what
seems to have happened
well obviously has happened this year is
the movement has stopped so in any one
place you get persistence of a type of
weather if you have and you may have
heard this expression a blocking higher
blocking anticyclone which is a dome of
air that won't move everything else goes
around it so if you're underneath the
dome and we have been in parts of Europe
then you get clear skies and in the
height of summer days and days of
insulation and the ground warms up and
the temperatures rise as they do by
night we've had some record-breaking
warm nights as well if this persists of
course you get what we've currently got
and if it persists all around the
northern hemisphere you get heat waves
but what we haven't mentioned is the
consequent rather poor weather for
example in Bulgaria for some plenty of
rain and persistent rains given flooding
in the east side of the u.s. so it's
persistence of type because of weather
pattern has been blocked from moving
around that's I think the reason for the
current outbreaks Rouen was this
predictable the details of what's
happened this summer certainly were not
predicted it may actually be that they
were predictable some months ahead
that's the bursar research area what was
predictable though was and indeed
predicted was the increased frequency of
heat waves that's been predicted for
Decca
by the intergovernmental panel on
climate change for example and I think
your summary highlighted nicely what's
really outstanding about this summer is
not that we just have it warm in Europe
but that we've seen records falling from
California all the way to Japan so what
climate change does is increase the
likelihood of events like this it
doesn't tell us when we're going to get
one one particular year or the next but
it increases the likelihood very
significantly Bjorn I saw you nodding do
you want to get in and comment on that
as well this is what the science tell us
and it's not very surprising as
temperatures rise you're going to see
more heat waves and that's exactly what
we're seeing now so if that's the case
if situations like this or at least
somewhat predictable how exactly do you
prepare for them and we'll get to trying
to prevent it later
first and foremost how would you even
begin to prepare for something like this
for yarn well there's a number of things
we need to recognize one is that the
major reason why more people are
suffering for heat is actually not
global warming as much as it's the fact
that many more people live in dead
cities which have lots of asphalt lots
of buildings that soak up the heat to
make utopia so sorry you mentioned Tokyo
and what we've seen is that global
warming has probably increased
temperatures in Tokyo about 1 degree but
urban heat the urban heat signature has
actually increased at about 2 degrees
and so it's important to recognize that
global warming is part of the problem
but another part of the problem and one
where we can do a lot more a lot faster
is really about the fact that we all
live in cities now and that we can do
something about making them cooler
Roland do you agree with that assessment
yeah yes I do agree with that
of course it's it is the two things
coming together that is particularly
dangerous and of course you know looking
to the future the planet is going to
carry on warming at least for some
decades quite lightly for more than that
and so we have to work out how to adapt
to these conditions and adapting our
cities is absolutely a priority there
are many things that can be done there
shading buildings is
one simple example but in fact there are
many many aspects of adaptation that we
really haven't started to look at
seriously Rob these these heatwaves
things as such are they happening more
often now I'm not sure if they happening
more often I mean they are but they are
as has been said already they're
consistent with what the climate models
have suggested that when they happen
they become more extreme and that's true
of heat waves floods and indeed the
intensity of storms but if we're going
to get more blocking in them in the
general move which appears to be the
case then the chances are that they will
become more frequent in that one year
you'll get this in the next year you
might get it about 15 degrees further
round so you'll get a permanent wet
years in any one place an event either
of flooding or heat is like to be I
think more likely because we don't get
the movement I want to ask you about
2003 that was the year that thousands of
people died from the heat across Europe
are there things in play that could
create something like that again of
course yeah I mean the difference
between 2003 twos in 2018 is probably
less than degree and persistence or
probably was about the same I don't have
the detail in my mind but one of the
things we haven't mentioned only briefly
is it's not so much the daytime heat
it's the increased humidity in places in
Europe usually it's a more humid heap
than it might be for example in Africa
or here in the Middle East we get 48
degrees every year and it's like a blast
furnace but it's dry heat if you have
higher humidity and the nighttime
cooling keeps you temperature in the
middle 20s or early 30s and it's humid
that's what tends to kill people and
Rowin that's actually that's a great
point that you bring up wrong I would
have to bring that and we were having
this discussion actually this morning
obviously we are in a very warm climate
here in Doha and people here don't have
the same interaction or reaction to the
warm temperatures that clearly other
people in other countries have but you
talk more about why it affects different
people in different parts of the world
differently well well that's right of
course that you know in every part of
the world people have developed ways of
living that are adapted to the climate
that they used to you know in the
Mediterranean people like to have a
siesta and
in the UK that's not so common and
that's why climate changes is a
challenge to us because we we have to
change quite a lot of our habits and it
also is one of the reasons why actually
it you know a heatwave which is not
familiar can be quite dangerous because
people don't have the kind of habits
that they have in in warmer countries in
terms of how they respond to hot weather
and so it is big it is a big challenge
in the UK we've seen big problems on the
tube on the on the underground transport
system for example when it gets very hot
people don't bring enough water with
them really basic things but these can
be really rather dangerous the Orang
when it when we're talking about people
changing habits is it more difficult to
get individual people to change habits
or a government or a country like where
do you start to get people to understand
it's a process that they have to be
proactive about this well very clearly
it's something that everyone has an
advantage in actually adapting to so so
Rowan is absolutely right this is a
question you know people in Helsinki are
well adapted to their climate and people
in Rome and Greece are well adapted to
their much hotter climate and you know
heart even warmer but what we all need
to recognize is that we're moving a
little bit south and in that sense it's
getting a little hotter and we need
those structures but we also need to
recognize two things we have the
technology if you look for instance at
the US compared to most other places
around the world the US has dramatically
increased its population especially in
the south in the southwest
so people have moved in droves to
Florida to an Arizona those kinds of
places where it's incredibly hot but
actually heat deaths have declined why
because they have air-conditioning
so really the simple solution is to get
much more availability of
air-conditioning it's also all these
other things as Ron mentioned shading
it's about getting smarter building
structures so you don't heat up as much
get more ventilation get more water
movement there's a lot of smart simple
things that you can do but in reality
this is about making sure that we invest
in these technologies and
you see this every summer you know
people run out and buy a fan but
increasingly they need to buy it go out
and actually buy air-conditioning we are
gonna pivot to prevention and really
dealing with climate change hedonist a
moment before we do that though Rob I
want to ask you something when when you
say one degree that doesn't necessarily
mean a lot if we're talking about here
in the studio but tell us why one degree
really is a lot yeah well if you're
talking about one degree from the point
of view of a changing climate that
represents an extra amount of energy
that's gone into the entire system the
air and the ground it comes out though I
remember when I first really noticed to
clip the changing climate was in the
middle nineties it and El Nino year when
the temperatures in India were the
records being broken by two three or
four degrees now up until that point if
you broke a temperature records by 0.1
0.2 so it was a rare event to break a
record by three or four degrees as
unprecedent unheard of so I thought well
this isn't just a linear there's
something else going on here and this is
what we're seeing we've seen most years
since that records in any one place are
broken by more than degree a significant
amount now that's a reflection of a
local concentration of a general
increase in the amount of energy
available and we've seen it again now
with this persistence of type you get an
increase in temperatures slowly day by
day but you end up breaking a record by
quite a large amount okay and Rowan the
Arctic is warming at a much greater rate
than the rest of the world what does
that mean yeah so the Arctic is a very
important region and of course the the
melting of the ice there is had a lot of
publicity that's important of course for
people that live live close to the
Arctic but it's also an important
indicator of how the planet and the
climate system as a whole is changing
and in fact it would be fair to say we
don't know what the full consequences
would be so as the ocean becomes
increasingly exposed to the atmosphere
that that has the potential to change
ocean circulation in ways that could
affect large parts of the planet and
that's an area of active research there
are other things in the artsy's are very
important the melting of the permafrost
is another
to that there is concern about because
that could be a positive feedback on
climate change potentially leading to
increases in greenhouse gases in the
atmosphere from this feedback that would
then accelerate global warming so the
Arctic is a key region and we have to
watch it very closely and and indeed
from a science point of view we have to
continue to study the consequences of
those Arctic changes Bjorn what we we
talked a minute ago a lot about you know
how to deal with heat and air
conditioning and the way we build things
etc etc but what about reversing these
things what about stopping these things
is there people have sounded the alarm
about this for quite some time
is it actually sinking in well first of
all it's very clearly sinking in in the
sense that we've seen dramatically
reducing death rates in the u.s. so this
is very much a question of the
availability of cheap technologies to
avoid it so it's both about having
access to air conditioning and having
access to cheap electricity I'm not
talking about dealing with something
when we're already hot I'm talking about
preventing the things that are causing
this so can we do something about global
warming we can but we also need to be
honest and say this is going to be half
to a full century of a pretty dramatic
effort and it's only going to reduce the
rate of increase so we're still going to
see an increase in temperature but what
we can do is see a slightly lower
increase of temperature and then maybe
towards the end of the century of
reduction of temperature so the reality
is we're going to see global warming
with us for quite a while and that's why
I'm marking we need to recognize that a
very large part of what we're going to
do with heat deaths is going to be with
adaptation yes we should also focus on
cutting carbon emissions and that we can
really only do and we've seen that for
instance with the Paris agreement where
every video is stepped up and promised
to do a lot of stuff but it's actually
not happening very much because it's
very expensive for most nations the only
way to get most nations to switch away
from fossil fuels is by making green
energy sources so cheap that you don't
have to subsidize them but that
everybody will go
to get to okay that's through
intervention okay Rob I want to be more
optimistic and think that we can do
something about this that this is
reversible is it am I being naive
well we couldn't do anything eventually
I mean theoretically you could sequester
the co2 back into the rocks for example
the energy cost in doing that might well
mean that the amount of energy you have
to use to create the pumps to do it emit
more co2 anyway so I'm there's no easy
fix and we've already built into what
we've already put into the atmosphere at
least two degrees warming and probably
more than that and there's no sign that
we're reducing in line with what we need
from the Paris Accord for example to get
us to a sensible place so we've got to
make the assumption that these things
will keep getting worse and worse a year
upon year whatever we do but as beyond
set up and there are options will be the
route that we can go down and we are
going down let's be honest there's good
production of energy from renewable
sources big solar array in Morocco for
example the UK can produce a hundred
percent of its necessary energy energy
or its demand on days in the summer
because our the solar or wind catching
so we're going down that route even
though it's too slow but we've already
built in heat that we haven't yet
experienced this is not going to be the
hottest heatwave thanks Rob so for Coen
let me ask you is born brought up but
brought up the Paris climate Accord of
which the u.s. is no longer actively a
part of how much of a difference how
much do we need big countries like the
u.s. to to push this and to get other
countries to do this or or was it just
mostly on paper what is actually being
done okay so the Paris agreement was a
very significant landmark now it's a
difficult issue because as beyond said
some level whatever we do we're going to
get quite a bit more warming but it
would be wrong for people to be
fatalistic about that we've had a 1
degree of warming roughly since the 19th
century and it really is up to us
whether we get two degrees more or three
degrees more or four degrees more Oh
the next couple of hundred years you
know it's quite a long time the
decisions that we take though in the
next few decades will determine whether
we get another one or two or four
degrees of extra warming and that really
matters you know we need to limit future
warming of course not just for our own
generation but for our children's and
grandchildren's generations so it really
is very important to invest in that part
of the problem and Paris agreement was a
very important step but only one step it
doesn't it doesn't put in place anything
like enough so that so that agreement
needs to be strengthened so about that
agreement should it be government's
driving in this or should it be
businesses driving it because they have
the incentive to make it work to make
money it has to be both I mean the
falling price of renewables has been a
very positive story and we hope that
that goes on and of course business has
been central to that on the other hand
governments can make a big difference in
terms of putting incentives towards
reducing the cost of renewables and
indeed other actions that will reduce
greenhouse gases so it needs your on you
know you've been talking a lot about
this from a business angle which which
it makes sense I mean these things were
only going to happen if people have some
sort of financial incentive to be
proactive about it but so much of what's
happening is also creating what's
economically internally displaced people
like there are people who are losing
their businesses because of flooding or
because there's not enough water for
their crops or can you talk about talk
about it from that perspective how it
makes a lot of sense to get in ahead of
this because it's actually gonna end up
being damaging to your country to your
bottom line in the end well and and
unfortunately I'm not going to give you
quite as easy a picture as what you were
just framing because clearly there are
people who are going to be displace
there are people who are going to be hit
by more hurricanes or by increasing
water levels and so on that is a
definite cost on the other hand you also
have to look at what is the cost of for
instance trying to implement the Paris
agreement or even stronger agreements as
we were just talking about and those
also have cost because you're basically
making energy
more expensive at least a little in the
short and medium run and so it's really
about weighing those two that means you
should do something which basically
means you should make energy a little
more expensive but you should not make
it phenomenally more expensive because
what happens is if you make it
phenomenally more expensive you reduce
global warming impacts a little bit but
you induce extra costs in the economy
that are much much bigger so it really
is a balancing act
and we've not been very good at getting
to that in some ways we're under taxing
co2 emissions so vast amounts of the
world do not tax co2 at all in other
places for instance in cars in my native
country in Denmark but many other place
and specific instances we over tax them
dramatically and so we have a very
uneven structure that the that's in some
way built more unpopular ism and
feel-good environmentalism rather than
actually focusing it how do we deal with
this but the real measure and and just
let me say this very briefly is to
recognize what is it the only real thing
that's going to drive this that's
innovation if you look at what happened
with the US shale gas revolution back in
the late 2000s what the u.s. managed to
do through technology was to make gas
much cheaper so they basically switched
away from a lot of coal towards gas that
matters a lot because it cuts carbon
emissions by half what really happened
was the US has been the hugest reduction
in co2 over the last 10 years not
because they're particularly
environmentally friendly but simply
because they found a better cheaper
energy technology that's the kind of
thing that we need to drive because if
we can make green energy to everyone
okay Bjorn just a minute Rob I know you
wanted to get in on I just want to be on
if it this is always true because we
tackle this worldwide by looking at the
financial cost of any particular change
and if it's too expensive to offset the
cost of change in the climate then it's
not done it seems to be driven by
financial cost but rarely do we use the
whole earth some you know how much
energy for example does it cost to
extract coal versus extracting fracked
gas versus the amount of co2 that's
eventually given off well
the inefficient burning of coal was
compared with the inefficient burning of
gas that's a sum that we don't tend to
use because that's more of a scientific
sum and everything is driven by the
financial cost and I'm not sure that
eventually that's going to be the real
way of doing things very very briefly
and that's a very scientific
conversation I totally agree with you we
should be looking at what's the absolute
amount not just what's the financial
impact I was trying to talk about social
cost and social benefits so these are
the kind of costs that we all carry not
just businesses yeah ok gentlemen I
think that was scientific enough I think
but I do want to I do want you to have
the final word though on this Rob what
don't you know what are the things that
smart scientists like you for all the
things that we've learned what are like
that the the small things that you still
wish we knew the answers to that could
help fill this whole picture in it's a
big thing really I don't know I don't
know much as Rowan knows and the one
thing I don't know I know the Aarti
heist is not any longer cover the arctic
sea so we don't get the cold northern
winter which is therefore disrupts the
pattern and that stops things moving
hence our cold winter but I don't know
why that has lasted into this summer for
example the pattern is still not moving
the weather patterns I think is a
consequence of the Archos but I don't
know why so I would just like to know
that we will discuss that but gentlemen
thank you so much for the discussion
we've had today really appreciate it you
made it very accessible for scientists
non scientists rather that are watching
thank you very much all right Rob right
here in the studio Rowan Sutton and
Bjorn Lomborg and thank you for watching
you can watch the program again any time
by visiting our website aljazeera.com
for further discussion go to our
Facebook page facebook.com forward slash
AJ inside story and also you can join
the conversation on twitter our handle
us at aj inside story from me Rachelle
Kerry and the entire team bye for now
you
