hello I'm Sami Zayn and this is counting
the cost on al-jazeera
your weekly look at the world of
business and economics this week why
Pakistan's new leader is facing some
tough financial questions also this week
wildfires will be taking a look at the
economic and human cost of extreme heat
events plus I'm Adrian Brown in the
heart of China's soy country where local
farmers say they've got a lot to thank
President Trump for find out why here on
al-jazeera
fresh from elections Pakistan is facing
a financial squeeze the economy is
running low on foreign reserves now
Pakistan has had 14 IMF financing
programs since 1980 and new loans are
likely to come with strict conditions
talk of a bailout is putting the
country's economic relationship with
China in focus the 57 billion dollar
china-pakistan economic corridor has led
to massive imports from China US
officials are linking the Chinese super
project to Pakistan's financial ills
they're demanding details on the terms
of any Chinese loans but a slammer bod
is accusing the u.s. of trying to sour
Pakistan's financial relationship with
Beijing kemal hi there reports from
market in Islamabad the outgoing
government has already left a debt which
is unsurpassed by any other government
almost doubling the country's debt to
the foreign world and of course that
will entail many challenges for Imran
Khan's government which says that it
wants to move on a policy which will
make the country more sovereign the
people of Pakistan have voted for change
they have already seen the dollar spin
out of control against the Pakistani
rupee and that of course will translate
to hyperinflation what they will be
hoping for in the new government to come
out with measures that will alleviate
the suffering of the people and reduce
inflation joining us now from London is
Gareth lever senior emerging markets
economist at Capital Economics good to
have you with us first so how big a
financial crisis is Pakistan facing it's
facing a mountain a mounting one an
increasingly serious one as well now the
backdrop to this is the big
infrastructure projects that are
currently going on in the country now
these began a couple of years ago and in
many ways they're exactly what Pakistan
needs they're going to build bridges
railways roads energy plants which is
which is what basically Pakistan needs
to gaze on economy back on track
the problem is that there the money is
coming from China nobody really knows
who is coming from this
left Pakistan with a lot of debt this
also led to the emergence of a big
current account deficit as well as
surgeon imports of capital goods needed
needed for the construction phase this
project and so they're increasingly
facing quite an acute crisis what
they've been doing over the past few
months is is nothing really more than a
stopgap measure so they've allowed the
currency to weaken a little bit they've
raised interest rates they've been
spending their foreign exchange reserves
but it's increasingly got to the point
that they need something a lot more
drastic and there's a lot of rumors now
that they're going to be applying for an
IMF loan over the next probably next
couple of weeks even
you mentioned the foreign currency
reserves and when those start dwindling
usually the clock starts ticking down
doesn't it how much time does the new
government have to deal with this so
these foreign exchange reserves they've
fallen by about half over the past year
or so and are now the equivalent around
two months worth of imports so they've
got a little bit of time but the
trajectory the way things are going is
pretty clear and without a sudden surge
in exports which seems very unlikely
given the competitive problems that
Pakistan has it's really only got one
solution which is another loan now they
do ideally get that from China or maybe
somewhere in the Middle East and there's
rumors that going around there the deal
may be in the offing but that's going to
be nothing more than just the stock at
what they need is more dramatic measures
which I think the IMF will will ask them
to provide while talking precisely about
those dramatic measures because money
usually comes with strings attached will
that mean that Imran Khan will have to
backtrack on some of those campaign
pledges exactly so the IMF is gonna be
quite tough I suspect on a number of
areas first this can demand a lot more
transparency on these Chinese investment
projects that at the moment nobody
really knows where the money's coming
from nobody knows who's gonna pay for it
nobody knows who's getting what so
they're gonna want a lot more
transparency there now that's gonna
upset the Chinese who like the idea of
the fact that nobody knows exactly how
much they're making from these projects
they're also going to demand a
significant tightening of fiscal policy
which means that Imran Khan who's
elected on these pledges to kind of
create an Islamic welfare state in
Pakistan
he's gonna base have to do the opposite
he's gonna have to cut spending rather
than increase it now that
a requirement popular I think the one
thing he's got going from is that is
still obviously very early on in his
term in office so he can at least blame
the opposition but straight away he's
gonna have some tough choices to make
Gareth lever there from Capital
Economics thanks thank you still to come
on counting the costs opponents are
calling it the poison package a bill to
lift restrictions on pesticides is being
voted on one of the world's biggest food
exporters but first the soybean market
is going bananas in retaliation to US
tariffs China has slapped a twenty five
percent levy on US soybeans well the USA
is the biggest grower China the top
buyer the beans are a key part of the
global food chain and used in animal
feed China is also trying to shift its
supply chain to Latin America and boost
domestic production our China
correspondent Adrian Brown has this
report from the northeast of the country
farmland is precious in China only 15
percent of the country is arable that
makes the lush and fertile province of
Heilong Jiang very important especially
now close to the border with Russia
this is soybean country China is the
world's largest consumer of soybeans but
it can't grow enough and so is reliant
on imports to meet demand that means the
decision to impose a 25% levy on US
soybeans creates risk yet in this
province the trade fight appears to be
having a welcome impact
farmers like moon fan Ling are being
urged by the local government to switch
their fields to soy from corn offering
subsidies as an incentive that'll raise
incomes mun says he has a lot to thank
president Trump for true on weeding of
hard out olefin when China stops
importing from the United States is
possible the price of domestic soybeans
will go up and that means we will make
more money soybeans may flourish in this
province but only around 10% of those
consumed in China are domestically grown
the instruction to local farmers to grow
more soybeans was a political priority
but the reality is this China is a long
way from ever being self-sufficient in
soybeans which means it's going to be
reliant on imports for years to come
hi everybody I am soybean in this
cartoon video China appears to be
targeting US farmers it's been airing on
the International Service of state TV
and has a clear message China can buy
soybeans from other countries if that
happens soybean farmers in the u.s.
could take an even greater hit the
soybean plays an essential role in the
Chinese diet used in cooking oil source
tofu as well as animal feed the
government's now taking action to ensure
there's no shortage of word added or the
garment is offering more subsidies to
soybean farmers so I believe the
government has been very supportive to
the whole soybean industry in the past
cheap soybean imports hurt Chinese
growers but the tariff war with the
United States could secure their future
this week China's Hawaa we overtook
Apple as the world's number two seller
of smartphones the market leader is
Samsung but Apple is still a hugely
profitable business this week it joined
the very exclusive club on Thursday
following a spike in its shares its
total stock market valuation hit a
trillion dollars helping it hit that
milestone better than expected quarterly
revenue but the global market for
smartphones is slowing according to the
International Data Corporation
higher selling prices and market
saturation are among factors weighing on
growth apples next move is to take on
Netflix in video streaming it's already
hiring the talent to make original shows
social media giant Facebook says it's
deleted fake accounts attempting to
influence the u.s. midterm elections
almost 300,000 people followed the
suspended pages an official reports from
Washington DC the founder of Facebook
Mark Zuckerberg went to Capitol Hill in
April to admit his company hadn't done
enough to stop foreign groups trying to
influence the 2016 US presidential
election we didn't take a broad enough
view of our responsibility and that was
a big mistake and it was my mistake and
I'm sorry now as part of its continuing
investigation into election interference
it discovered it's happening again and
so it has suspended 32 pages on that
platform and Instagram which it also
owns they are going to be a hair trigger
alert for you know for the foreseeable
future so any instances that crop up
like this they're likely to take to take
action and then be public about that
action the company uses artificial
intelligence and human investigators to
flag up automated accounts we normally
deal with divisive social issues aimed
at fanning conflict and upset one page
called resistors created an event a
counter protest to a unite the right
rally a white nationalist gathering in
Washington DC in August it was found to
be a fake group and the page was
disabled and the event deleted it says
it can't definitively tie the suspended
accounts to Russia but suggests it was
possibly involved American intelligence
agencies have been warning for months
Russia's efforts to undermine American
democracy are active and they're a
threat to November's elections at a
cybersecurity summit in New York the
Homeland Security Secretary said the
country is facing what she called a
hurricane of threats
let me also again take this opportunity
to issue a warning as I
in other forums and speeches to any
foreign power that would consider
meddling in our networks or in the
affairs of our democracy the United
States will no longer tolerate or accept
your interference you will be exposed
and you will pay a high price Facebook
has been heavily criticized for not
doing enough to stop outside
interference in the 2016 election it's
determined that won't happen again and
it says it continues to work with the
FBI to identify threats and remove them
from its platforms well it's estimated
that 97% of Iran is suffering from some
form of drought we sent Zen master avi
to Tehran to take a look at the reasons
behind the shortage every day a small
group of Iranian farmers meet up at the
edge of their town once wet fields of
Isfahan lush with crops now barren land
by a dry canal they beg for government
help where iranian citizens - we are
Iranian who live in this part of the
country we just want to be heard people
are really tired they can't make ends
meet they go to bed hungry
Mustapha Ben VB lost an eye during
fighting between police and protesting
farmers and March acute water shortages
are worsening problems such as inflation
and unemployment and there are warning
signs of rising anger but look as if da
da - I wish that about you more
conflicts are expected to break out an
empty stomach doesn't have any religion
people are going to have to fight for
every single drop of water especially in
dry regions like this that are hit hard
by drought and climate change
environmental experts say weather is a
small part of the problem they blame
years of government mismanagement for
the man-made water crisis since the
Islamic Revolution in 1979 the
government's rushed to develop
industries meant skipping environmental
impact assessments before building dams
and piping water around the country one
solution has been to try using less
water for things like these but most of
Iran's water is used on farms where old
ways of watering crops means waste on an
industrial scale environmental experts
also say the govern
needs to take the problem more seriously
well I think I wanna know us first we
need to revise some laws and adopt a
procedure for the stable development and
management of water resources so we can
better preserve water and control usage
so we can be hopeful to have better
conditions in the next one or two
decades even by summer standards these
river beds in the north of the capital
Tehran are drier than usual that's being
felt downstream where they feed ancient
underground Springs from up here you can
really get a sense of the impact of the
country's water shortage on public
facilities in just 20 years a single
generation
what was once a sizeable body of water
has been reduced to little more than a
wading pool people who live here say
they had to plug part of the pool to
collect enough water for kids to play
and escape the summer heat some of them
are old enough to remember when the pool
was full I remember my childhood me and
my friends used to bike here and swim
now it's 50 square meters back then it
was about 5,000 it was deep and
considered dangerous for swimming for
now it's enough for these kids to cool
off and have some fun I'm concerned
perhaps that when they have children of
their own the little water they have
left probably won't be here now from
water shortages to wildfires the past 12
months of raise global awareness about
the economic and human cost of extreme
heat events we've seen wildfires in
places unprepared for such outbreaks due
to unusually hot weather droughts and
blistering heat have been turning
forests into tinderboxes in places that
were previously fire free you need a
number of ingredients for wildfires in
particular and climate change is one of
them let's tally events so far this year
Sweden has experienced 65 fires already
this year up from an annual average of
three fires over the past decade blazes
are now happening as far north as the
Arctic Circle
that's according to Copernicus the
European Union's Earth observation
program at least 91 people died last
month in the worst wildfire
hit Greece in decades fire raced through
a seaside area northeast of Athens and
in the u.s. the annual average number of
large fires has doubled since the 1970s
putting lives and livelihoods at risk
gabriella Lassonde has more from the
destroyed town of Keswick the entire
community of Keswick california has been
turned to ash nothing remains a once
lively little town of about seven
hundred people now resembles something
like a faraway planet from a science
fiction movie the fire that roared
through here was described as a tornado
of flames
there was nothing firefighters could do
to stop it the way that front fire front
was coming through it was going to do
what it wanted to do we might be able to
save one little spot here but risk would
have been to try and even be anywhere
near there what remains are the remnants
of people's lives there are small signs
of life here like the burnt pages of
this children's book it's silent there
isn't a sound there's still a mandatory
evacuation zone residents aren't being
allowed back only the occasional
emergency vehicle passes by ironically
the only color remaining in town a red
fire hydrant there was no match for the
flames it's the middle of the day but
the Sun can barely be seen because it's
so gray and dark here the Sun can barely
peek out through the thick layer of
smoke and ash that covers the air not
only here but in this entire region of
California doctors say people that
inhale this smoke now face health risks
by all accounts
everyone here was able to flee just
before the fire overtook them the
residents are mostly low-income the
future of the historic town is now in
doubt I don't know if they'll have the
resources to rebuild if hopefully those
you have insurance have the opportunity
but those who don't
it's a low-income type of area so I'm
not sure that a lot of people will be
able to rebuild if they decide to
rebuild it will be a new town because
the old one simply no longer exists well
joining us now from London is Sam
fankhauser Sam is the director of the
Grantham Research Institute on climate
change and the environment good to have
you with us so first of all how unusual
are the extreme heat events we've been
witnessing this year well at the moment
these events still feel slightly unusual
we sort of talk about record
temperatures certainly in the northern
hemisphere but if we start looking
forward and factor in climate change
this will become the new normals that
normal their predictions that the kind
of heat we have this year we might
experience every other year from about
2040 onwards that's quite scary you
mentioned climate change there how is it
linked to climate change break it down
for us well there's quite the clear link
between the probability of having a
heatwave and an climate change the
climate or the weather sort of
fluctuates but you add a stock of
temperature on top of that fluctuations
and we're about one degree warmer now on
global averaged and we were in
pre-industrial times under two hundred
years ago and that means that we can
statistically start to show that the
probability of certain events increases
because of climate change what we're
currently seeing in Northern Europe
preliminary estimates tell us is about
two times as likely than it would have
been if there wasn't man-made global
warming what sort of heat events should
we expect to occur every other year
going forward more of the same or
something even more a little intense it
could probably even become more intense
and we shouldn't just talk about only
heat and temperature climate change
changes a lot of variables that that can
be dangerous to us we will see more
drought events and that can be really
really disruptive we can look at
Southern Africa or the Cape
at the moment where water is in very
very short supply and and that causes
huge disruption and damage we might have
too much water in in other instances
extreme downpours flooding events
hurricanes typhoons we've seen examples
of that in the US a year ago with
hurricanes like Maria and Harvey we see
it in in Japan at the moment again
they're very high damages associated
with too much water as much as damage
from not enough water so listen of
course you have the heat waves so just
listening to you speak there one assumes
this will be very disruptive to current
patterns of economic activity right it
will be very disruptive we can adapt to
certain things we can change our
agricultural practices we can plant
different crops we can air conditioning
air conditioning our houses so it's a
lot of things we can do but it will
ultimately be very disruptive we will
have to change our infrastructure the
way we do things infrastructure is very
long-lived building cities trains power
stations they live for 20 30 40 years if
you have to redesign and retrofit
climate change adaptation onto those
structures that will be very disruptive
and very expensive it will be worth
doing because we have a different
climate but it will be very very
expensive it's been fascinating talking
to you thanks so much Sam my pleasure
and finally a Brazilian government
Commission has recommended easing
restrictions on the use of pesticides it
says the move would help aid the
agricultural industry but families in
rural areas say pesticides are already
contaminating air food and water causing
death and disease Daniel shuang'er
reports
the residents of limo Aragon or chain
northeastern Brazil live by agriculture
but many of them are also killed by it
these widows and their families have
been fighting for years for compensation
for recognition they say that their
husbands died from diseases contracted
while spraying pesticides with
inadequate protection Dona Maria's
husband Jose died 12 years ago
Elpida Promethea he asked me not to give
up that I should keep fighting for
justice that was his last request brazil
uses 20% of the pesticides produced for
world markets it's difficult to avoid
seeping into this local reservoir from
neighbouring soya fields
it may look a Dilek but extensive
fumigation has poison this area that I'm
breathing the water that the people here
drink and the food that they grow a way
of life poisoned by the big agricultural
companies quest for short-term profit
for of the Tempesta sides most commonly
used in Brazil a banned in Europe
University of Sardar studies found
cancer rates here 40% higher than the
national average we get worried hearing
that so many people are ill but what can
I do I need to keep working to pay my
bills but cancer is not the only problem
Antonia's daughter Manuela suffers a
congenital disease which doctors believe
was caused by pesticides even if we
plant vegetables or fruits in our yard
we can't be sure that air or water
aren't contaminated according to the
studies it seems everything is
contaminated here many others here
including Marcia's daughter Sofia suffer
similar diseases when doctors from
Sierra University did research here they
identified a chemical substance in my
daughter's blood that was banned in the
1990s however a government commission is
recommending a relaxation of the
existing regulations to allow the
powerful agribusiness industry to spray
more this is one of the best proposals
for Brazilian society we want to make
sure the farmers provide the best food
for the population this bill is for Food
Safety campaigners say laws are floated
monitoring is poor what they are trying
to do is
to remove or limit the authority of
health and environmental authorities in
the process of registering new
pesticides and we think that's very
dangerous that we don't think that this
is this means to modernize the system
and it would take Brazil way back
justice here move slowly bogged down in
bureaucracy but the fight to be heard
for a response from the powerful
agribusinesses on the distant government
goes on and that's our show for this
week but remember you can get in touch
with us via Twitter use the hashtag a
JCTC when you do or drop us an email
counting the cost at al jazeera dotnet
is our address there's more for you on
line at aljazeera.com slash CTC that'll
take you straight to our page which has
individual reports links and entire
episodes for you to catch up on that's
it for this edition of counting the cost
I'm Sam is a Dan from the whole team
here thanks for joining us the news on
al Jazeera is next
you
