protesters in Iran have been chanting
against the religious and political
elite but for these men and women what
they say is the government's mishandling
of the economy is their main grievance
this unidentified woman removed her
headscarf an increasingly common way for
Iranian women to protest and began
addressing others let's build our
country with our own hands
people do not be afraid if we stand
together and United neither internal or
external powers can confront us we are
Iranians it is not our business what is
happening in Palestine Syria Iraq or
Lebanon why should all our resources go
to them social media messages suggests
she was arrested not every Iranian on
social media is angry some are trying to
keep their sense of humor about their
financial circumstances this man posted
a video to show how it feels when your
money disappears right before your eyes
even the clerics seem to be showing some
compassion delivering this week's Friday
sermon this preacher said the economy is
affecting everything and fixing it as
the key to happiness for everyone he
blamed government mismanagement and
high-level corruption for Iran's
economic troubles data had Sumati
corruption should be confronted
seriously when it comes to fighting
violators
there should be no exceptions regardless
of their position their relatives or
their contacts these traitors must be
confronted decisively many Iranians see
the government of president Hassan
rouhani as being out of touch with them
protests aren't expected to topple
anyone anytime soon the demonstrations
are regarded as being too small and the
government as well as security forces
too strong but people say they're losing
faith in their leaders in my opinion
people should rise up because this
government won't be fixed the pool will
just get poorer if more efficient people
take jobs in government it would work
better but everybody is after their own
interests people have the right to
protest economic and social issues are
all connected and people are really
under pressure how much more can they
tolerate if protests result in a
government action and have a positive
impact on people's life why not I will
participate protests are not something
bad we should not look at it from a
besom istic perspective protesting
doesn't work many are just pushing
people to move forward but they
themselves don't come out the latest
protests come days before the next round
of American sanctions are due to be
imposed on Iran the cleric addressing
worshipers at Friday prayers this week
took the opportunity to take a swipe at
the American president Donald Trump is
not human he said he is a wolf disguised
as a human while Trump may have
alienated America's allies by pulling
out of the 2015 nuclear deal if his goal
was to hurt Iran then from what people
here are saying he's managed to hit his
target zanbar avi al Jazeera Tehran
