from the brexit vote in britain a
victory for real people to the election
of donald trump a new vision will govern
our land people around the world are
rebelling against the world in an
increasingly turning to the political
extremes so what lies behind the recent
rise in populist honest and
authoritarianism my guest tonight is an
economist who blames the political
establishment in her new book edge of
chaos why democracy is failing to
deliver economic growth and how to fix
it
she believes democracy is in crisis and
has some pretty controversial
suggestions for how to save it I'm near
the Husson and I've come to the Oxford
Union to go head-to-head with economist
and best-selling author dambisa Moyo
I'll ask her why she seems to blame
democracy for falling economic growth
and whether her plan to save democracy
by giving some voters more power and
influence than others could end up
killing it instead tonight I'll be
joined by an Pettifer author of the
production of money and one of only a
handful of economists who correctly
predicted the financial crisis Jamie
Whyte director of research at the
Institute of Economic Affairs the IEA
and a former New Zealand politician and
philosophy lecturer and Jason Hickel an
anthropologist at the London School of
Economics and author of the divide a
brief guide to global inequality and its
solutions
ladies and gentlemen please welcome
dambisa Moyo dambisa first book dead aid
caused waves when she argued that rather
than helping Africa
foreign aid was actually making the
continent poorer she's a former goldman
sachs banker and ex consultant at the
World Bank
dambisa Moyo welcome to head thank you
and one of the central premises of your
book is that the popular discontent that
we see across the West right now for
example the brexit vote the election of
Donald Trump the rise of populist
parties is driven by the failure of
governments to deliver economic growth
yet many experts pollsters people have
studied this stuff would say brexit
wasn't driven by economics Trump wasn't
elected by the poor or the left behind
it's a complete myth it had much more to
do with culture and identity issues
which you don't really address in the
book well I don't know doctorates that I
completed here at Oxford you know a
while ago is in economics and so I very
much see these issues of challenge and
through that lens I'm not dismissing
that there might be other you know
aspects and I'll leave that to people
who are focused on those areas to to
make the case for that I am concerned
about the economics and we do know that
real wages have come down virtually
every developed country over the past
thirty years social mobility has
declined income inequality has widened
and so the threat of of a lack of
participation in the labor force to
people be essentially given up on work
all these aspects have created and give
them things like Trump and breaks it not
necessarily try get that that's your
prism and that's your special ISM
doesn't make it correct the majority of
Americans earning less than $50,000 a
year voted for Hillary Clinton not
Donald Trump voters in the Rust Belt
states who said the economy is the most
important issue for the country went
with Hillary not Trump on brexit income
class were not predictors a vote in fact
views of multiculturalism of feminism
the death penalty was actually a greater
predictor of people's views on brick's
well let me claim their economics let me
clarify a couple of things so first of
all you know the a lot of what you've
just said certainly culture issues
around immigration which have been
basically a sort of put forward as a
main argument for brexit and for for the
rise of Trump and populism or
across Europe to me are masking a more
fundamental problem which still has its
roots in economics if people feel that
their lives are improving that the
future generations lives are improving I
would argue that we would see much more
stability we have seen much more
stability in those periods I get that
but then Donald Trump also one vote from
rich people than he did hole people
I'll give you a stagnating wages I'll
give you a statistic that illustrates
the story as you are aware they are the
the general high level numbers that
Hillary won the popular vote by three
million if you take out the New York I'm
not talking about the state just the
metropolitan city of New York and if you
take out the metropolitan city of Los
Angeles not California just Los Angeles
Donald Trump won the vote by over three
million votes that is how split this
country is people in New York City and
in Los Angeles are essentially very
liberal tend to be much more more
wealthy and tend to be deriving their
welfare and in terms of their living
standard but from a global society
unlike you perhaps I you know take the
view there's no point in me making
arguments that I have no basis in fact
or knowledge to look and make you seem
to treat growth as some sort of magic
bullet and yet if you look at some of
the biggest problems facing the world
today problems you recognize in the book
income inequality climate change more
and more economic growth has not only
failed to solve those problems many
would argue experts would say it is in
fact a driver of those very same
problems would you accept that I would
not and I would not accept it because I
think one of the key points that people
tend to miss is not that we have not
gained from a model where we have
dependent on growth we have failed to
redistribute that growth in a way that
actually enhances the lives of many
people around the world if I think
specifically of some of the examples of
this
there are many policies today that have
short term gains particular in Western
societies but have very deep long-term
problematic consequences I'm trying to
give a good example trade protectionism
the fact that the United States through
farm subsidies and Europe through the
common air culture policy have locked
out the goods that are produced in
places like Africa and South America
have essentially created an environment
where we have not only created more bit
more impoverished people but we've also
created or fed into issues of political
into the
I'm saying deal with the real world not
your aspiration noble aspiration which
is small gross family more every January
they're putting out reports and saying
the world is growing we know that I
think the estimate for this year is that
the eight wealthiest people in the world
have more wealth than the bottom figure
in agreement and sales growth doesn't
cut inequality in fact increases it was
very clear I said that the point is not
about growth the fact is that how we do
redistribute that growth and on climate
change you talk about the edge of chaos
but what about climate chaos isn't it
irresponsible to talk about growth
growth growth given experts like Kevin
Anderson at the Tyndall Center for
climate change research have said that
continuing with economic growth over the
coming two decades is incompatible with
meeting our international obligations
and climate change well there's a whole
literature which obviously haven't cited
perhaps you've not seen which is focused
specifically on what we call green
growth there's massive discussion around
this and in fact you talked about China
earlier China is quite a leader head in
terms of trying to ensure that we of
course they are have you been there
recently
Beijing has more solar panels than most
of the other countries around they are I
mean the UN's environmental protection
index made formulated by Yale University
puts China 120 out of 180 countries in
the world
listen China is the second largest
economy in GDP terms it's ranked near
number 100 and per capita income terms
this is one of the poorest countries on
that metric the notion that somehow they
should wake up and they have an economy
that's functioning at the highest levels
is absurd the United States even in the
last 20 years they had cities where
there's been mass pollution just Flint
Michigan is not 20 years ago where they
were polluted water and the notion that
you're putting all this pressure on
China which is still a nascent economy
in many respects to me is foolhardy
pressure you saw it adjourn it used to
be engrossed I'm John Green booth it's
not in your book you don't have the KFOR
green girl I mean I sure do how many
times it's your question well let's have
a test let's have a test on your book
how many times dimension there's a whole
section I've mentioned it multiple times
four times the words climate change up
here in this to IQ under multiple beige
four times what pages I've seen up I can
give you the brain it's only four so all
I'm saying is it's
it's great please do check go home by
the book tell me now tell me now though
yeah what is your position on growth and
climate and summarize at Fresno Center
well as I said I think the framing is
around green growth we have 90 percent
of the world's population that lives in
the emerging markets 90 percent okay
those people including myself who comes
from Africa have been assured have been
encouraged that we can live like
Americans live like British people you
if you decide you want to go and put the
genie back in the bottle good luck I do
want to go to the panel on this just
before I do want one last question I
must ask this to you you were working at
Goldman Sachs back in 2008 when what 10
years actually worked there yeah are you
were there in 2008 you know at the time
of the financial crash that Goldman
Sachs helped caused which killed growth
many might argue that are you really the
right person to be writing a book about
growth given the association with
Goldman Sachs I don't understand the
connection the question is if you work
at an institution you're part of an
institution that did so much damage to
the global economy and then you come
around and said these are the solutions
for growth the biggest hit to growth
came from the banks and from Goldman
Sachs you know what I you know what
you're exhibiting is a pure lack of
understanding and how the global economy
works so let me just let me loose it for
you many governments not just this
government in this country but also
governments in the United States is a
good example of this they have a clear
and stated policy of cold housing for
all this is a policy where they
deliberately encourages everybody to own
a house it doesn't matter what your
income is in your abilities
I'm not through the government was to
blame we're all to blame because we
essentially we though many are special
role to play I think it's a very simple
question does Goldman Sachs have a
special role to play they paid a five
billion dollar fine and said we accept
on many institutions pay fines I'm
trying to help you become a bit more
educated in this field you can keep
insulting me I'm just asking I'm just
saying that we all have to take a
responsibility I know you want me to
give you a one-liner there's no special
responsibility okay let's go to the
panel panel here waiting to join this
very interesting discussion I'm joined
by an petty fool who's the author of the
production of money one of her hands
economists as a newspapers often
reminders to correctly predict the
financial crisis and what do you when
you hear the arguments about the
importance of growth as as presented by
them visa both here and in the book
what's your response
dambisa you said government's should be
making formulating public policy policy
requires boundaries capital hates
boundaries Goldman Sachs
hates boundaries it wants to go where it
wants to go and where can make the
biggest profits and you're advocating
essentially a globalized economy where
boundaries won't matter where
governments won't matter where public
policy will not have an effect because
markets will decide and I find that that
that there's a really deep hypocrisy in
that you'll try it you're on the one
hand trying to blame governments on the
other hand you are mostly in favor of
markets making the most important
decisions that affect millions of people
across the world any response yes I'd
love to respond so what is absolutely
clear is that I am a supporter of this
idea of globalization the movement of
trade and goods and services movement of
capital but also the movement of people
emigrate as an immigrant however however
we know that what is defined and
explained in textbooks does not actually
happen in real life
because public policy and imperatives
and trade-offs and real politic the fact
that especially democratic governments
want to win elections means that these
things do not apply in real life
Jaime White's with us who's director of
research at the Institute of Economic
Affairs the IEA also a former New
Zealand politician and philosophy
lecturer Dave David Attenborough so
David afterburn one of Britain's great
naturalist says anyone who thinks you
can have infinite growth in a finite
environment is either a madman or an
economist
well infinite of course not you can't
have it but I really couldn't agree more
with him there so the the era of
globalization imperfect as it's been has
seen billions of people lifted from
poverty it's really been the most
astonishing a period of success in human
history in 1980 40 percent of the
world's population lived on today's
money $2 a day or less today
about 8% I think and it's coming down
down down that is a fantastic
achievement which we should be
celebrating and all these funny little I
mean I find it astonishing that people
are hostile towards the processes that
have brought about what is close to a
miracle okay let me bring in let me just
bring in Jason hickel's waiting very
patiently they're anthropologists at the
London School of Economics all three of
the divided a brief guide to global
inequality in its solutions Jason I'm
interested in the climate argue because
dumb people are very forcefully rejected
the idea that there is a clash there you
can focus on green growth what do you
think about that so it's interesting
because the only reports that were
published by international institutions
on green growth we're done in 2012 for
the UN summits on sustainability with
interesting is that they did not cite
any substantial models to justify this
idea that rich economies can manage to
grow well at the same time massively
reducing material consumption and
emissions down to the carbon budget 40
degrees Celsius since then fortunately
there have been a number of key studies
which I write a lot about and literally
every single one of the models that has
been developed so that that green growth
is not a thing it's literally physically
impossible to have exponential growth at
the same time as reducing material
consumptions and reducing emissions fast
enough to stay with them to the 2
degrees Celsius carbon budget and and to
me it's fundamentally irresponsible to
have a book out there promoting endless
growth in rich nations where it's not
necessary in the face of all the
research we how about planetary
boundaries ok who is promoted and this
group and in developed countries that's
my book I don't know whose book that is
sorry it's very clear in your book that
you make it would be a clear in your
book you're talking about the United
States you're talking about you know
nations like the UK you're talking about
brexit and talking about Trump you're
trying to say these people are upset
because there's not enough growth that
would be here to defend myself so
and I don't worry about the United
States growing at 3% I worry about
emerging countries I talked about this
very explicitly about emerging countries
growing below 7% you need to grow at
least 7% to double per capita incomes in
one generation I'm desperately worried
when South Africa Russia Brazil are
growing at one 2% I am worried that
India is growing four five percent also
in the UK otherwise it's only to the
extent that public policy is derived on
the show public policy okay
but the most provocative chapter of your
book that's got the most attention of
the reviewers and people have read it so
far is the chapter 7 which is called
blueprint for a new democracy in it you
talk about various proposals platform
and you quote you say quote radical
reform of democracy is needed to save it
from decay one of your most contentious
proposals is to have voters in the West
pass a test a knowledge test a civics
test in order to gain the right to vote
surely you must see how tests of that
kind could be deployed probably would be
deployed to disenfranchise the poor
those with less access to education
minority communities absolutely and I
talk about that I mean obviously I am
black obviously I'm a woman and
obviously I'm from Africa if I were to
purport and to support types of regimes
or systems that actually do not allow
people to vote based on a whole list of
adjectives race gender wealth land
ownership I'd be the first person that'd
be disenfranchised so it'd be crazy and
I've been accused of being crazy I'm not
that crazy to suggest that I should not
be allowed to vote and just to be just
to be clear as immigrants and I'm sure
they're many immigrants in this room
they will tell you if you want to be a
citizen in this country you want to be
citizen they message you have to pass a
test it is already the case so I don't
know people aren't aware of this not for
people who are born and it doesn't
matter it doesn't argument I said it
doesn't matter what your income or your
origin or your race or gender is when
you're an immigrant that shows up in
these countries you have to take a test
all I'm suggesting is the test is
designed to eat to reward people for
engagement
you mentioned reward many people would
say voting is a right not a reward
second and a lot are and second we do
percent participation rates doesn't mean
a lot
2% across average the average across
Europe I'm the United States 50% 30
percent of people who are low-income we
do not want that situation so the idea
is then you make it harder for them to
vote by putting a weird way of getting
well you don't understand the book once
again because the argument was very
maybe all the testing as well about yeah
you probably the I mean just just deal
with the discrimination point you say
you're a black woman from Africa yes
then why propose a test one in the u.s.
deep south literacy tests were
explicitly used to disenfranchise black
because once again you're not
appreciating what I'm trying to do which
of which there are two goals number one
we want to increase participation rate
we want to ensure that the idea of one
man one vote which is essentially the
mantra that everybody's been told for
many years about liberal democracy if we
want that to hold as many people must
vote but we also want to make sure that
the people who are voting have some good
knowledge of what exactly were brought
voting on the the day after brexit and
sure many people know this apparently
the most googled term is was what is
bricks or what is well it may be it may
be but it seemed you know what in a
world of fake news even urban legends
become fact and i think that whatever
the case well in a world of fake news by
fact i don't mean they become true what
i mean is that it goes around as you
said urban legend people start to quote
it like myself and it was very clear i
said i don't know what to be untrue do
you know it to be untrue with certainty
well yes oh you leo Google did a study
and a thousand people are you can
extrapolate from a thousand people to
all of the people who okay let's all
listen I don't know start what the point
of that question is the point of the
matter is I was trying to explain to you
that the book is designed to target two
things yes participation rates and to
ensure that we have a knowledgeable
let's deal with a more controversial
proposal you say that not just people
should pass a test but people who are
more qualified or more knowledgeable
should have more votes or more influence
you say quote three tiers of voters the
unqualified the standard qualified voter
and the highly qualified voter in a
world of brexit and Trump and populism
in the far right
you really think giving some people more
votes than others based on education
will stop pop
Phil is amol help populace okay so um
let me take a step back and explain
exactly what this chapter 7 is doing
chapter 7 offers ten proposals these
proposals are not supposed to be taken
in wholesale because countries at
different levels of democracy but also
very importantly they all have some
precedent somewhere in the world in the
world so you're picking on a specific
point around this question of ranking
voters that already exist already in the
United States and the Democratic Party
super-delegates have a bigger weight in
Switzerland there is a massive movement
by the young on Parliament there to
actually increase the participation in
fact the weights of young people's vote
between 18 and 40 so that's double the
weights have you ever think people will
go crazy if certain people get more
power more votes than them based on
their educational qualifications what do
you think that would increase it not
listening I nobody said anything about
education once again the test is based
on participation not on education you're
taking sentences out that I have a
broader context it means read to you in
context page 201 waiting could also be
tied to one's professional
qualifications such as certification as
a doctor teacher lawyer employment
status level of educational attainment
on the assumption that excelling in
these domains makes one more likely to
make well informed choices in the voting
and once again I'm saying by that I I'm
explaining if you actually read the
paragraph before that you'll see that it
was essentially saying here is how the
argument goes the argument would be that
you could have votes based on education
and if you read the part after that
paragraph
I quickly dispel that okay let's go to
our panel and you were eager to come in
there well I wanted to just remind them
visa why we had the French Revolution
and why Thomas Paine read his book for
the rights of man and why Mary
Wollstonecraft wrote the vindication of
the rights of women but I think I found
the book disappointing and that it was
shallow it's true that participation
rates have fallen but I think the
question to be asked is why have
participation rates fallen and that's
not asked in the book instead you're
trying to tell patronize the public tell
them that I then they haven't got it
right and they need to be tested and
trained in order to vote instead of
asking why they're not participating
they're not participating because they
find that mark
it's invisible unaccountable remote
markets are making decisions that affect
their livelihoods
Jamie's shaking his head that's why they
want to be diverted by this funny idea
that markets make decisions only people
make decisions I think that there is a
problem with voter ignorance since each
vote has very little influence on the
outcome of the election it's not worth
investing a lot of time and if it to get
the the knowledge you would need to be
an informed voters and I think it's very
interesting there are lots of people
come up with ideas about how to deal
with this I'm not actually all that keen
on your specific ones not all of them
but I think it's a really worthy area of
inquiry and we don't want this kind of
hysterical reaction to any proposal that
it's undemocratic or in all democratic
systems have undemocratic elements in
them otherwise they wouldn't function at
all I think we've got way too much
democracy now in the sense that far too
many decisions are collectivized and and
they're and they're made by people who
are ill inform and it's wonderful to see
somebody trying to engage with these
issues we're not gonna answer it tonight
obviously Jason we have too much
democracy Jamie says yeah so I actually
think that you've done yourself a
disservice abusive because your last
chapter is full of these interesting
proposals about gerrymandering about
media regulation etc etc but then you
give this kind of absurd proposal about
but about weighted vote sangwich
overshadows all of that and no one's
talking about any of your actual good
reform and so I think you should rob
ibly renounce the position and then talk
about the other bits about
gerrymandering and campaign finance I
mean I want it to be innovative and the
crucial point I want to make here is I
think that the biggest issue is about
democracy you actually failed to address
at all and that is this if we're talking
about the global economy we have to look
at the institutions that are governing
global economic policy like the World
Bank in the IMF which we're voting power
is monopolized by the US and a handful
of rich nations where the global south
which has 85 percent of the world's
population has less than 50 percent of
the vote on crucial decisions on
macroeconomic policy that affects them
I've written extensively about this my
book dead aid was specifically targeting
international institutions and the fact
that the policy making decisions were
centralized at a particular particular
place where and very much removed from
from the recipient countries you say in
the book you're very critical of
professional
politicians as are many people and you
talk about how to raise the standard of
people in public office that they should
have experienced outside of politics
have real-world jobs how do you feel
about the President of the United States
did electing a CEO billionaire make
America more stable less corrupt in your
view so I don't necessarily like the way
the president talks about women in fact
I don't like the way talks about women
at all I don't like a whole host of
other things but all I would say is the
American economy is functioning the
state they're getting stock market highs
all the time their unemployment rate not
just for the average of the society but
also for minority groups is that all
time lives there there are some big
concerns that they're dealing with but
we all have to accept that Americans
have made enormous sacrifices and
unfortunately until European government
starts to take more responsibility for
what they have to pay and more generally
we start to feel a bit sympathetic for
what has happened to that economy and
that country I think we're being a bit
too simplistic okay I'm not note we're
gonna have to take a pause join us for
part two of a very lively discussion
here with dambisa Moyo on-air dad we're
gonna be talking about China democracy
development and we're gonna hear from
our very patient audience here in the
Oxford Union after the break
welcome back to head to head on al
Jazeera English I'm here in the Oxford
Union with dambisa Moyo best-selling
author economist she's got a new book
out the edge of chaos
dambisa what I didn't get reading your
book is that you heap praise on liberal
democracy on capitalism you say you want
to save it from some of the problems
that it undoubtedly faces market but
then you also are full of praise on
China and you talk about how quote
economic growth is a prerequisite for
democracy not the other way around
so is democracy I'm wondering something
you think that gets in the way of growth
and prosperity so it's it's a brilliant
question that I've talked about there's
a lot of fantastic research out about
this because ultimately we want to
democracy that functions and survives
svorski which is he was a professor in
the United States talks about this he's
got a model that predicts how long
democracy would survive based on per
capita incomes in a country and is
arguments vary which I cry basic which
is that if you don't have a middle class
that actually is participating in the in
the process that's voting then you end
up with with a very narrow set of voters
and that is a system we don't want to
support we want to have a system where
the population is at a critical mass to
hold the government accountable and and
they've argued in previous work my book
they dated for example talked about the
failure of democracy in Africa precisely
because at this point our governments
very rationally are able to pay
attention to foreign aid because they
don't have to rely on a critical mass at
home and so there is I believe a a very
clear correlation so I know you don't
like simplistic yes-or-no questions
but are you saying then be clear we say
the Chinese model the undemocratic
authoritarian model is better for growth
for the economy than a liberal
democratic model at this moment in our
history ok so once again I do have to
explain there they're essentially a
comparing apples and oranges to
proverbial apples and oranges these are
two very different ideological systems
Western ideology puts the individual as
paramount the most important entity is
the individual China's model is based on
prioritizing society the entity of
society as the most important and
the reason this important is this is a
critically important is that there are
enormous social costs from a model where
you have an individual as as paramount
many of those costs we've kind of swept
under under the rug population growth so
the idea that I can have as many
children as I want that's great that's
my freedom that's my right I'm not
impinge in anybody's right in theory but
in practice we know issues of climate
change issues of green growth and the
trade-offs around growth but also in
terms of healthcare there are many ways
in which this idea of I can do whatever
I like actually does impinge on
society's ability to grow and transform
the Chinese model is not at the end of
the day the only model on the best model
because it also has its own costs but
this is the trade-off that we're dealing
with in the questions of human rights
abuses it's a dictatorship
well the China's also the largest
foreign lender to the United States and
so for all our objections perhaps I'm
just saying I'm just saying let's be
very but if you're sitting in a Chinese
very very very careful about how first
of all we can go into history and talk
about suffrage 1971 was the first time
that in Switzerland women had the right
to vote we can talk about the civil
rights movement which is only in the
1960s in the United States so let's not
all get hot and bothered about where
China is China is on a path it does have
to do a lot of work and democratic
process it's already underway many
Democratic on the way most people say is
going the other direction themselves but
first of all if you go to China and
spend time there which I have they have
democratic elections at the mayoral
level there is innovation already
happening in that political system I
would just myself I think what's very
this is this is the problem I want to
avoid because we're very good at
spending time talking about countries
that are blatantly non democratic when
actually this book and I think where the
focus really needs to be and where the
problems have come just in terms of the
rights of populism and also the
financial crisis these are in the West
that solve the problem with telling me
you focus wasn't the West it was the
developing world yes it is ultimately
because public policy comes from the
West so you talk about you know not
giving the West to pass most of the
guests on this show of actually many of
them have been from Western governments
I've held them to account but when you
say China is masterfully executing a
carefully choreographed plan for growth
which is largely attributable
to its political system it does sound
like you're endorsing that political
system which is a horrific dictatorship
I'm merely saying we cannot pretend that
over 300 million people have been moved
out of poverty in 30 years in China the
bottom line is that has been done and no
other country in history or prehistory
has ever been able to do what the
Chinese have done I don't think we
should spend a lot of time pointing
fingers at China you know physician heal
thyself
well physician is our economies and I
know in the West I get you're in the car
I said economy in Italy and our
political ecology economies and put if
you let me finish economies and
political environment are under siege
right now they are in the UK in the US
and us yes but we don't have really I'll
give you on a change elude yourself
voter participation rates are low number
one number two money comes money money
has seeped into the political this is a
bizarre argument that's all when you
vote for Xi Jinping good vote away then
because money has seeped into the
political process ok 158 disagree with
anything you're saying I'm just saying
I'm offering a perspective let's focus
on our own democracies where we have
populism we have a gala but then I also
read your book we've got Hungarian we
got a Hungarian Prime Minister or band
talking about solitaire exactly we have
Russia producing 40% of the energy into
this country in ask you some because of
something you wrote where you're a very
influential woman you're a best-selling
author the reason we invited you on the
show you have millions of followers on
social media when you say China's
contemporary economic success is largely
attributable to its political system is
that not some might say that's
irresponsible cuz it sounds like you're
saying that's the system you need for
growth that's a good system let me most
plain what I think the virtues of that
system are that system is a long-term
system we have a fundamental schism
between the long-term economic
challenges and headwinds that the global
economy is facing led by developed
countries things like debt etc
productivity declines versus the short
termism
embedded in the electoral process in the
United States I have elections every two
years this is incredibly disruptive and
it creates this mismatch between long
term economic challenges and short term
is in the political
the Chinese model doesn't have to deal
with that they're not seduced by today's
voter or they don't need to seduce
today's voter in order to remain enough
in political office okay let's go to our
panel Jason Hickel is an anthropologist
at Ilan School of Economics when you
hear dummies are talk about China in
that way does that make sense the long
term ism yeah actually I found this
argument very frustrating and the reason
is because the book is basically about
the value of neoliberal free markets and
you say that we need we need more of
them okay but then you go into quite a
lot of detail about how you know you
admire China
you've Meyer the New Deal in the u.s.
it's exactly the opposite economic
ideology so where exactly do you follow
this I mean it's quite confusing and
you're very slippery on that so I think
it's pretty obvious because the new what
you describe the New Deal Manhattan
Institute a sort of Manhattan Project
China what do they have in common they
have the government playing an
incredibly important role the
government's the government not seduced
by short term voters every two years or
every electoral cycle that is what their
capital allocation decisions are based
on long term thinking long term planning
issues which focus on future generations
they actually targeted the wrong enemy
it's not it's not democracy that's a
problem because again the New Deal
happened in a democratic society
it's not democracy it's not it's not
democracy that's a problem right
actually what the problem is here is
free-market capitalism which is self
shorter mist and so the ten very clear
problems with democracy we don't
unfortunately don't have the time for me
to go through them the notion that
democracy is not a problem is mad it's
crazy
we're looking at across Europe right now
we've got masses of populism I'm a horse
here's my hose with the economic
ideology you're actually support because
that is at the crux of the matter
he's just asked the question I want to
know what ideological model she supports
no I am NOT an ideologue let me be
absolutely clear I know your ideological
eye he rightly pointed out that I'm not
ideological obvious the bottom line is
that there are definitely benefits and
merits from the capitalist Western
system they are also very clear benefits
from China
jamee democracy
is a problem not a problem when it comes
to economic growth where do you stand on
that to me
well III one of the first agree with the
basic position that democracy isn't a
required precursor of economic growth
and in fact if you look at the economic
growth that occurred in the United
States and Britain in the 19th century
which was basically founded on
institutions such as private property in
the rule of law and so on those
institutions got came into place in the
British legal system prior to anything
that we would today called democracy and
then democracy came later so the basic
point I think holds what's going on in
China is indeed completely different or
that that isn't a a rule of law liberal
democracy type system but I think that
the main point is citizens see that
democracy is not a required precursor
and indeed can't get in the way for the
kinds of reasons the newbies is pointing
out that that it instead of setting up
the institutions required for stable and
developing economy you get kind of
politicians doing deals with the
electorate in a certain sense and over
the short term in ways that are
destructive but by the way one said that
I am an ideologue ok say that the most
popular president of all time was
Rousseff felt and that was because
employment was high because people had
jobs people had decent income and they
had public services and they loved that
and they participated and they voted
what we have had since 1971 and
liberalisation nearly bruising is that
people have found themselves becoming
disempowered because there are forces
beyond their control beyond the control
of their governments if Parliament's are
unfashionable it's because Parliament's
don't make the decisions anymore where
do you stand on China is that a
political economic model worthy of its
socialist communist that people are
educated the people are housed unlike
many governments in Africa the people
have cared for and the markets managed
but then there's a lot of social unrest
which is repressed brutally by the
government I think it's not very
surprising that we're looking very
fondly back in the 1930s when actually
the civil rights movement was just
gaining momentum in the United States um
yeah it's all well and good to remember
those good old days but guess what
people like me were not even allowed to
vote at that time
I mean it might be at night it might
already and yeah you said it not I so
there are some significant weaknesses in
the democratic process this is
absolutely the case I mean the notion
that we can sit here take foreign direct
investment from China trade with China
have China lend our government enormous
amounts of money and then turn around
and say but this is a big bad wolf and
we don't want to actually do with them I
think it's possible okay let's go to our
audience here in the Oxford Union you
wanna raise your hands await for the
microphone to come to you yes
thanks very much if I can go back to the
question around weighted voting yes so
this I was African to post apartheid
South African Constitutional Court said
that the vote of every and each and
every citizen is a badge of dignity and
of personhood quite literally it says
that everyone counts now given the
voting is not just an instrumental
exercise it's also an exercise in
personal self-worth saying that some
people can vote others can vote and
worse more isn't that just fundamentally
offensive well you know I have a sense
of what you mean by offensive I mean I'm
not really interested in emotional
reactions I'm more interested in
something that's quite sustainable this
is about engagement it's how it is that
we expect citizens to engage in the
process I think that we need to explore
everything I was very clear that I do
not think that this type of weighted
voting works in a general election I
consider myself pretty well read I'm
pretty engaged I'm quite interested in
what's going on in the world but I would
not argue that I actually know what the
best use or what the best decisions
around a health care system should be
and I do believe that if I spoke to
doctors nurses or people who work in the
medical facilities they'll be better
able to tell me that means if doctors
have been asked to vote in 1948 we
wouldn't have a National Health I know
what you're going to say whether they
want to have a public health care system
lady there in the back right there in
the corner yes you thank you from your
comments it sounded like you make a
you're making a very broad distinction
between governments and private
companies and the free market is this
distinction reasonable in that for
example if we were to limit protections
that that governments enforce wouldn't
private companies like Goldman Sachs
operate like governments so it is
absolutely the case that we now live in
a world where corporations but not just
corporations
wealthy individuals are taking a bigger
responsibility and bigger role in
participation in public what things they
used to be the pervy of only public
affairs public governments you think
about the Gates Foundation think about
many other foundations around the world
that are delivering health care outcomes
and outside of the electoral process
education etc so these lines are
certainly becoming more and more blurred
I personally think that we are moving
more into the world that is requiring
that not only because shareholders are
demanding it but other stakeholders and
communities they're saying if you're
going to set up a company in our
backyard we want you to help with the
infrastructure want you to build schools
we want you to invest in health care
maybe they're in the red jacket you've
mentioned this quite a few times that
you know debates and dialogues on Africa
at the moment when they talk about
political aid business politics or
glamour aid as you so succinctly put it
different people are taking part rich
the powerful why upper-class men are
part of the conversation so what do you
suggest needs to happen for Africans to
take back control of the dialogue the
conversation and decide what happens in
our countries well one of the most
interesting questions that I received
when I was marketing ded aid was if if I
were given a billion dollars what would
I do with it and my answer was I would
invest it all in a PR organization
because as far as I'm concerned the aid
movement has been tremendously
successful for 60 years in convincing
Africans that they're not worth being
part instead having a seat around the
table they're not that smart they're not
that good and they're always gonna be a
drag on the global economy the narrative
of Africa has been in my lifetime one of
Corruption disease war and poverty over
the past ten years they've been a
significant shift with the arrival of
China and many other countries but them
and those countries do have their issues
but the notion that anyone would think
that there's been a positive narrative
around what the stories are on Africa
it's just foolhardy come in here in the
front I work on a policy for Oxfam we do
believe that it can contribute to
addressing challenges like inequality
and redistribution in the almost 10
years since your book in regions like
Africa we've seen a double butt tax
revenues of quadrupled deaths from
diseases like malaria HIV of halved and
we've also seen poverty rates come down
and Aid has made a contribution and
have seen democracy move forward in fits
and starts so the idea that you know you
continue to hold those views and you
would actually firm them up even
stronger is is hard to understand can
you explain yeah for sure I'm so two
things first of all I don't know
entirely know what the Oxfam aid budget
comes from but many aid agencies that
are although proliferated across Africa
are heavily reliant on their governments
on Western governments the corrosive
nature of aid is around this question of
democracy from the African continent we
do want to be able to hold our
governments accountable but we can't do
that if actually Oxfam is going to solve
the healthcare problem somebody else is
gonna solve education how are we able to
hold our governments accountable from a
public policy stance if they are not the
ones who are delivering these outcomes
we do need to move away I was very clear
that I didn't say we need to go to zero
I think there are some initiatives and
there are some good things that I Miami
I myself am involved in some aid
initiatives that I think are very good
they're very targeted but even the aid
programs to Europe after the war after
World War Two in the form of Marshall
Plan were short sharp and targeted they
were not open-ended concessions that
have been very corrosive to Africa not
just because of corruption because of
inflation the debt burden that they've
left on the continent and I will just
say one last thing you've given a whole
list of positive things that have
happened in the content of the last
decade you're absolutely right they've
been significant wins but to the notion
that those are because of Aid I think is
wrong I mean I think we as I said we've
had China come in has been significant
investment from China we're able to
trade with the Chinese for better or for
worse and I think that that is just one
example many other governments are now
going to the capital markets to raise
capital so I think aid is producing some
help but it's absolutely not the case
that it is it's all because of the aid
regime which has been around for 60
years I'm gonna go to the Gentle at the
back and then the lady who's been
waiting you talked about the very long
term view economic policy needs to take
root in a country and the short termism
that democracy brings look at the
example of Rwanda what Paul Kagame is
doing he is basically limiting civil
rights for the benefit of growth now in
an African context do you feel that
critical mass can be a masked with in
the middle middle class to allow for
distributive power within the economy so
that
rights and progress and the mercy can
take root without having it hijacked by
dictatorships and things like that I
want to get where you're coming from are
you someone who sings it's a good thing
what Kagame is doing on the growth front
regardless of the political vice-versa I
believe that what Paul Kagame is doing
is interesting what do you think about
Rwanda under Kagame and what's happened
well I'm not ruined and I don't live in
Rwanda so it'll be kind of arrogant of
me to sit here and start pointing
fingers at that economy what I will say
is that that country came from a
genocide that the world turned their
backs we flew people out within 90 days
10% of the population was massacred and
we didn't really we did nothing the
international community did nothing and
so you know I am sympathetic to the fact
that they they had a very difficult
challenge everything was razed to the
ground I think that they are showing
improvement in many of the metrics that
economists care about things like doing
business participation they have 61
percent of women in in Parliament more
than anywhere else in the world there
are things that I can pick and say that
that is something for us to look at an
emulate lady here in the black jacket I
said you'd come to you next to one of
the things you do suggest quite often is
actually to make voting mandatory and in
Brazil it is mandatory and in fact more
than 20% of the population does not go
and vote and presents the fact that
there is this policy and you could not
argue that Brazil certainly in the last
few years has been a disengaged society
in any shape of form don't you think
that not voting is not only a reflection
of how society feels about their their
elites and their representatives but
also ultimately part and parcel of the
right to vote is the right not to vote
well I actually believe in in the Civic
right people died for the right to vote
and so I really I would I talk about
monetary boards because I think it's
something we should explore I think it
really is interesting and you know as
you know that 27 countries around the
world that have mandatory voting from
Australia Belgium Greece many countries
in South America do I think that that
people the only reason people don't vote
is because they're trying to send a
message to the political class and they
need no I think there are a lot of
economic
arguments there a lot of people in the
United States as you know that the
presidential election every four years
is on a Tuesday there are a lot of
people who are on minimum wage who would
like to vote who are not able to go to
vote because it takes too long and it's
a process I'm gonna go we're running out
of time I wanna go to a woman at the
back I was wondering about the
importance of voters being informed and
as well as misinformed what do you think
is the balance of responsibilities
between voters informing themselves and
educating themselves and the government
preventing misinformation and campaign
finance reform that will get more
accurate information out to the voters
what is the balance of responsibilities
or are they equal yeah I think that's a
great question particularly in a world
where we have fake news we have social
media is a different conduit and so one
of the things that I've been looking at
and I've written about is whether or not
we need some kind of glass-steagall
regulation sort of this refers to the
banking sector where they separate
retail consumer banking from Investment
Banking do we need that kind of
regulation in the media so in other
words some clear delineation between
fact versus fiction I think that's
something that's on the agenda right now
and I would be very supportive of that
I'm traditionally BBC Walter Cronkite's
in the United States it didn't matter
what race or gender or what part of the
political spectrum you were on everybody
got this one font of knowledge basically
one font of knowledge that is very
different now we're all sort of quite
siloed we get our information for where
we places where we want to sort of
reinforce our views and so I do think if
government and public policy actually
wants to survive we do need to have much
more diversity of thought in here yeah
read the raid and find it challenging on
one hand it talks about kind of aid and
that being a bad culture and not being
making it difficult to kind of create
change and then on the other hand
talking about trade and then you have
kind of the market you know supporting
people and helping to kind of develop
economies I just wonder are we swapping
one kind of challenging institution for
another so it did it I offered five
proposals for alternatives as for aid
and again just to be absolutely clear
that nowhere and did it did I say we
want to go to 0-8 even in developed
countries there are areas of society
that are based on charitable outcomes
welfare of the Gulf air systems the
government etc so we don't have to go to
0-8 but we do we need to think about
things like for
direct investment issues around tapping
the capital markets this is just the the
suite of things that other countries
that are very successful at developed
and developing use and so trade you're
right it's under a lot of challenge and
threat right now with the rise of
protectionism emanating from the leading
economies but I do think that we it's
not just about one solution is about a
whole host or portfolio of initiatives
and I offered them in the book as well
you keep saying you didn't say age
should go to zero yes didn't you famous
I mean there was a lot of controversy
around that when he came out the book
you said what if one by one African
countries each received a phone call
telling them in exactly five years the
aid taps would be shut off permanently
yes but I didn't say that that's what
they should do I said what if what if is
a question it is not a statement I'm one
final question Robert Kennedy famously
said in 1968 GDP this measuring of
economic growth quote does not include
the beauty of our poetry or the strength
of our marriages it measures neither our
wisdom nor our learning neither our
compassion nor our devotion to our
country it measures everything in short
except that which makes life worthwhile
do you agree with him well yes and it is
some degree because Simon Kuznets when
he came up with a GDP statistics and he
had a brilliant saying he said the truth
of the matter is that there are four
categories of countries they're
underdeveloped developed Japan and
Argentina nobody knows why Japan grows
and why Argentina doesn't and I think
that really is emblematic of the field
of economics we are learning we're
evolving we're innovating and a lot of
what has been said here are is food for
thought as things that people are trying
to re-engineer to improve on and I would
not suggest that we should throw out all
the knowledge and all the impact that
was mentioned earlier they're all the
benefits and the significant
improvements that the world has seen I
mean today 71 years old is the global
average for life expectancy these are
significant benefits that have occurred
over the last half a half century and I
think we do need to actually recognize
that they had been benefits from the
system and we do need to tweak and focus
on improving the ones where they've been
weaknesses
dambisa Moyo we'll have to leave it
there thanks to our audience here in the
Oxford Union thanks to our panel of
amazing experts and thanks to dambisa
Moyo for joining us on had thank you
you
