jean-pierre Bemba arrives at the
Electoral Commission offices to submit
his candidacy for president the last 24
hours have been a whirlwind for him has
been heavily guarded by police party
officials say his movement has been
restricted he's not allowed to publicly
address his supporters and the
government has denied him access to a
residential home at a suburb called
combined in the capital city the police
are telling us that member has to change
his residence this is a violation of his
rights he's come home and should be able
to freely move around and live where he
wants Kinshasa police commissioner is in
charge of bambor security arrangements
he says all this is for his protection
but it will not allow him to go to Gombe
which is also a presidential area
security measures have to be taken his
home in Gombe is very close to the
president residence in 2006 he
supporters crushed with the presidential
guard and people died we are trying to
avoid anything like that happening again
and the Electoral Commission offices
bamba' had to first register as a voter
before filing his candidacy he's been
away at The Hague for the last decade
who's arrested in 2008 in Belgium for
war crimes committed by his militia in
Central African Republic between 2002
and 2003 he was then convicted to 18
years in prison two years ago by the
International Criminal Court that
decision was overturned on appeal in
June member has just finished submitting
his papers to the Electoral Commission
is a fast strong contender to do this
before registration closes next week
some of his supporters have been here
all afternoon sharing him on now his
political debates is in the hand of the
commissioners who either approve or deny
his candidacy it took him hours to clear
up with a commission and now he has to
wait for a few more weeks to know for
sure if he'll be on the ballot paper in
December
Catherine soy al Jazeera Kinshasa
