the families of at least 26 people and
hoed ADA Yemen are now planning their
funerals the victims were killed near
the Alcala hospital in the city centre
on Thursday this as the UN Special Envoy
for Yemen announced he will host talks
between the government and Houthi rebels
in Geneva on September 6 these
consultations will provide the
opportunity for the parties among other
things to discuss the framework for
negotiations to agree on relevant
confidence-building measures and
specific plans for moving the process
forward
Griffiths argument keeping ho data
opened to delivery of humanitarian aid
to millions of Yemenis is important but
it's much more important to end the war
the UN's humanitarian aid she described
just how bad the situation has become
for ordinary people three years of
conflict have left two million people
displaced from their homes 8.4 million
people do not know where their next meal
is coming from and the worst color
outbreak in the world occurred in Yemen
last year with 1.1 million cases the
humanitarian situation is indeed
shocking both in scale and severity and
these figures they represent a call for
urgent action the Saudi coalition which
backs the government of President
Abdullah Abu Mansour Hadi and Iran which
gives the Houthis military support are
not invited to griffiths talks but
they'll probably go to Geneva to keep an
eye on things and then there's the u.s.
under fire for giving military support
to the Saudi coalition and a critic of
Tehran support for the Houthis the US
ambassador used her Security Council
remarks not only to chastise Iran for
destabilizing Yemen but also to send a
message to Riyadh about its air war
against the Houthis we've hit a new day
now in Yemen and we've hit a new sense
of urgency in Yemen that if this is
what's starting to happen civilians are
at risk infrastructure is at risk but in
the last three years at least 10,000
people have been killed in Yemen another
40,000 injured the risk for civilians
already a reality rosalind Jordan
al-jazeera the United Nations
