in his first public appearance since
Monday's general election Zimbabwe's
main opposition leader nelson Chalisa is
appearing at a hospital speaking to
families of those killed and injured
during Wednesday's protests he says he's
confident he's beaten president Emerson
Managua with the popular vote
I heard of Managua it's common cause but
what they've been trying to do off late
is to try and play around with the v11
form sending them back that's why they
have not released the results was
they're going back to the Castilian to
say please we did not count well we did
not make a good summation which is a
problem because that's now rigging
that's not manipulation officials in the
rulings are repair party have asked
opposition supporters to remain calm we
appeal to our colleagues in the
opposition to ensure that their
supporters maintain the calmness which
existed when people went to vote it is
our hope as Marines that we accept that
we belong different political parties
but know life should be lost as a result
of our political differences the streets
of Harare are calm but it still feels
tense some shops and businesses are
closed the police are taking away
opposition supporters who had been
staying at the party's headquarters they
say they want to question each person to
see if they've committed any crimes in
politics perhaps if I was a policy I
would say this is maybe harassment was
absolutely there was nothing there was
nothing in fact the division people
should be focusing on the release of the
results now rather than
on this minor issue which is the nation
tamizha has told his supporters to be
calm while they wait for final results
to be announced the army and police are
still patrolling the streets of Harare
and guarding important institutions
Western diplomats election observers and
human rights workers say the military
used unnecessary force to disperse
protesters who had been accusing
election officials of vote rigging the
police had cordoned off the area outside
the opposition party headquarters in
Harare for a while people weren't
allowed to go inside or outside the
building that's changed now the doors
have been opened but opposition
supporters say it shouldn't have
happened in the first place
official results show the ruling is only
pay party easily won a majority in
parliament international observers have
burst electoral commission to release
the presidential results as soon as
possible harue Matassa
al jazeera hari
