well jean-pierre Bemba emerged from the
airport in the Democratic Republic of
Congo's capital Kinshasa thousands of
his supporters went into a frenzy many
of them say they never thought they'd be
back home anytime soon a heavy
contingent of police escorted his convoy
he was not allowed to make any stops to
address the many people who lined the
streets to catch a glimpse of him his
first order of business was a meeting at
his party headquarters
he's expected to submit his documents to
the Electoral Commission in the coming
days so he can run for the together to
support one candidate member was
arrested in Belgium for crimes against
humanity
a decade ago he was sentenced to 18
years in prison by the International
Criminal Court in 2016 the judges held
him criminally responsible for militias
of his former rebel group convicting him
of political killing raping and
pillaging in the neighbouring Central
African Republic between 2002 and 2003
he appealed and in June the conviction
was overturned his supporters say the
trial was politically instigated I'm
happy because member has been vindicated
by the same court that convicted him now
he's here a we're just glad to see him
we are suffering in this country
children are not going to school things
are not moving his return gives us hope
member faces some hurdles in his bid for
presidency the law says a candidate has
to be in the country for at least a year
before contesting an election the fact
that Bemba has been away for 10 years
and still has a pending witness
tampering case other international
criminal courts could hurt his chances
