he is arguably the best known lifeguard
in Gaza also known as the teacher or the
swimmer 55 year old Abu Ayman is a
veteran on these beaches when children
come to the beach you feel like they are
releasing the depression they have
inside because water is life when they
enjoy the sand or water you feel like
they need it it's like a mental relief
you don't most be forgiven to think that
this is the beach just like anywhere
else in the world and even though it
offers some sense of escape for the
people of Gaza Israel siege remains
ever-present just a few kilometres off
this coast the Israeli Navy patrols the
water's imposing its years-long naval
blockades
in Israeli Navy vessel lies in the
background we noticed it using a water
cannon just before we started filming on
what we can only assume was a
Palestinian fishing boat perhaps getting
too close to the Israeli imposed
invisible border penned in even at sea
the blockade is also limited Mohammed a
champion long-distance swimmer he says
he hasn't been able to fulfill his dream
of competing abroad as he hasn't been
allowed to leave a lifeguard for 15
years he says they badly need equipment
we urgently need equipment because right
now we have to do everything by our
hands we need boats life rafts the
minimum is the rescue buoys we don't
even have that so a big number of people
come on the weekend and it's really
difficult to deal with so many people
we're told drowning is a problem many
don't know how to swim and for those who
can afford it abu amon starts them off
in the pool as seen parents the
world-over will recognize but everything
is different here 45 kilometres of
sunkissed beaches but the waters are
contaminated with sewage the majority of
gauzes 2 million people have never been
allowed to leave the economy has never
been worse most don't have enough money
due to both the blockade and Palestinian
infighting every time they say there
will be a solution things just get worse
it's difficult to do a story on life in
Gaza these days without mentioning the
crippling effects of the siege
despite these seemingly carefree moments
everyone without fail says life is the
worst it's ever been
Stephanie Decker al Jazeera Gaza
