Jordan wants its exports to flow through
what was once a lucrative trade route
the Syrian government's recapture the
naseeb crossing from the opposition in
early July was welcomed by officials
here
Damascus says the road is now ready for
use and is waiting for Jordan to
officially request the resumption of
commercial activity it may be using this
as leverage to define a new relationship
for the Syrian regime they have their
own political agenda they'll make
demands and impose conditions on Jordan
the opening of the border won't happen
right away from my experience with the
regime they'll ask Jordan for something
in return
that could be an official recognition of
Syrian President Bashar al Assad's
legitimacy officially Jordan was one of
the few Arab states that didn't cut
diplomatic relations with Damascus and
kept the channel for military
cooperation and intelligence sharing
open but ties were affected in the early
days of the conflict Jordan's King
Abdullah called on Assad to step down
the approach later changed with the
priority being the protection of
national security interests it has been
a difficult balancing act for Jordan it
likes to describe its policy toward the
Syrian crisis as neutral it called for a
political solution and it didn't call
for regime change as a condition to end
the crisis the Kingdom to a certain
extent followed an independent course
from its allies who were supporting the
opposition
despite its cautious approach Jordan
along with the US and Saudi Arabia did
back the opposition in southern Syria
but when Damascus was close to victory
it convinced many rebels to surrender it
is enough for Jordan to reopen its
embassy in Damascus and this would be a
tantamount to an acknowledgment of the
legitimacy of the regime don't think
that Jordan wanted Bashar to stay but
you know Jordan is not the player the
balance of power in Syria is definitely
and clearly in favor of the regime so
Russia's going to win there's no
question about that with that you have a
neighbor like this you need to deal with
that many Jordanians accused the Assad
government of crimes against humanity
but public opinion seems ready to accept
the reality because of the benefits to
the struggling icon
me now it's a fact that Assad would stay
in Syria and everybody wants him United
States and Russia and everybody and when
it's safe it's very good for our economy
and our people will go there what goods
will go there the neighboring countries
are on the road toward restoring
relations but Jordan will first have to
pay a political price
sanika dar al Jazeera and man
