Syria had only one land crossing during
the war and that was to Lebanon things
are now changing for both countries for
the first time in years Lebanese produce
will be able to reach far-off markets in
the Gulf thanks to the reopening of the
naseeb border crossing between Syria and
Jordan Syria is trying to re-establish
its role as a regional transit hub surya
syria wants to end the siege imposed on
it what we are seeing is the beginning
of the end of its isolation in the arab
world there is a recognition that bashar
al-assad is staying in power the
resumption of trade between Jordan and
Syria doesn't just improve the economies
of both countries it is a step towards
normalizing relations after years of
tension UN peacekeepers have also
returned to patrol the demilitarized
zone with the israeli-occupied Syrian
Golan Heights and Syria and Iraq are
planning to reopen their borders
following the defeat of ISIL in the
region government leaders in Baghdad who
didn't break ties with Damascus say
Syria shouldn't be marginalized and it
must return to the Arab fold Syria is
not an intruder in the Arab League Syria
should not be marginalized and nobody
can marginalize it but many Arab states
remain hostile to President Bashar
al-assad and the government Arab leaders
may have withdrawn much of their support
to the rebellion but are weary of Iran's
influence I think for the Arab states
that were involved in the conflict it's
now not a matter of whether Bashar Assad
will stay in power or not but rather on
how much interest they can have the
Syrian leadership is celebrating the
reopening of borders as a sign of
victory in the war as well as stability
but that narrative doesn't reflect the
whole reality Russia says the
international community is no longer
focusing on making Syrian President
Bashar al-assad leave power but the West
is demanding what it calls a credible
un-led peace process that will lead to
free elections and until that happens it
is withholding much-needed money for
struction the united states is even
threatening what it calls a strategy of
isolation if Syria doesn't cooperate on
a settlement of the war the reopening of
borders is a step towards ending Syria's
economic isolation but a longer road
lies ahead to regaining international
legitimacy
XANA hodor al jazeera eastern Lebanon
