jean-pierre Bemba supporters already to
welcome him home it's been ten long
years they say and now it's time for him
to take back his rightful place in the
country's political scene Motul TJ the
bottom we are very happy many people say
to be are the hate forever I have
confidence in him because he's Congolese
member returns to the Democratic
Republic of Congo
intense political times president Joseph
Kabila has delayed a crucial election
for two years causing increased
uncertainty and protests in which dozens
have been killed by security forces many
Congolese say they feel oppressed
corruption is high and the government is
increasingly isolated by the
international community members
supporters believe that only he can
change the bad tide Congolese needs on
PA been back ten years in prison for
nothing and he is still in the hearts of
the people supported by his rebel
grouped hand opposition party many
analysts believe that Bemba still
presents a formidable challenge to the
ruling party the congo political party
headquarters these supporters really
believe that he is a change of the
country needs
when my himself will in the coming days
submitted presidential documents to the
Electoral Commission Congolese law
states that any candidate has to be in
the country for at least one year to
contest an election the fact that Bemba
has been away for ten and still has a
pending witness tampering case that the
International Criminal Court could work
against his eligibility member told Al
Jazeera that he hopes it does not come
to that are you surprised that the
government in place say that I'm not
able so you shouldn't be surprised I
think that those people in the majority
of the government are not the right
people able to talk about it as it it's
still unclear if President Kabila plans
to run for a third term
despite being barred by the Constitution
so many Congolese are anxious to see who
the ruling party's nomination will be
and whether hopefuls like Bemba will be
allowed to contest the December election
Katherine SOI al Jazeera Kinshasa
