by car bus train and container ship me
Torben Petersen from Denmark he goes by
the name Thor and has one of the best
passports in the world
his goal visit every country without
getting on a plane but I was born too
late that all the great things have
already been done which is not quite
true but it just feel like that
sometimes so to hear that no one's gone
to every country in the world without
flying I sort of felt like I could take
that challenge upon myself and do it not
knowing exactly how hard it was going to
be the passport index ranks the Danish
passport third in the world only behind
Singapore and Germany if Thor were from
Afghanistan Iraq or Pakistan his journey
would be nearly impossible after four
years on the road he has a hundred and
fifty two countries down 51 to go now it
looks like I'll be completing in 2020
which means it's turned out to be a six
year project just to put things in
context if you spend a month in every
country in the world then it's not four
years of your life then it's sixteen
years of your life so you have to be
really careful with time in each country
when you're working on such a large
scale navigating around Wars political
disputes and visa regulations can be a
headache
on his last leg Thor travelled from the
UAE to Oman then into Yemen and then
back into Oman he then got on a
container ship and sailed into the Gulf
to Qatar there would have been a much
easier way for Thor to get to Qatar by
land the only problem is of course
there's only one land border here at Abu
Samara and Saudi Arabia closed it in
June 2017 when the blockade of Qatar
began I know the next step is how am I
going to get away doors next hurdle is
getting into Saudi Arabia to make that
happen he has to board another container
ship he's hoping to get off at a port in
the UAE but if not he will have to sail
to India and then head back towards
Bahrain that is if he can get a visa
it's a political and logistical
nightmare but he says being an explorer
and meeting people is what makes the
journey worth it it's really a mindset
in
- how are you going to meet people
around the world on the other side of
the border on the other side of the
planet a different skin color a
different ideology how are we going to
approach those people and I truly do
believe that a stranger is a friend
you've never met before but it's really
up to you instead of souvenirs
thora collects selfies now he has one
from Qatar to add to his list with only
51 more countries to go Lia Hardeen
al-jazeera
Doha
