for a few summer weeks as Parliament is
vacated Britain's brexit woes quieten if
not entirely recede Theresa May has
escaped threats to her leadership with a
stroll on the banks of Lake Garda in
Italy no such escape though for her
opposite number Jeremy Corbyn the Labour
Party leader branded in person an
anti-semite last week by a senior party
MP a scandal involving allegations of
institutional anti-semitism has dogged
labour for weeks and the political left
for decades the summer recess seems only
to have turned up the heat I want us to
deal with in our society as well as in
all of our parties including my own and
what's been done is an honest attempt to
make sure that we do any form these were
the front pages on Thursday of the three
biggest Jewish newspapers in the UK
joint editorials warning that a Corbin
government would pose an existential
threat to Jewish life in the UK that
came in answer to a decision by party
officials not to include in its code of
conduct the full
internationally-recognized definition of
anti-semitism they argue its provisions
might rule out any legitimate criticism
of Israel but say some party members
this is not really a story about
anti-semitism is there a problem of
anti-semitism in the labour party yes
we're half a million people you're not
free of anti-semites is it the main
problem confronting the Labour Party no
is the Labour Party the main place for
anti-semitism no so why this intense
focus on anti-semitism in the loop apart
a couple of reasons one is supporters of
Israel don't want people in the labour
party I knew where else talking about
Palestinian rights there's a whole
segment of the right wing of the Labour
Party that has never reconciled itself
to jeremy corbyn's leadership just as
the knives are out for Theresa May over
her plans for a softer breaks it so
apparently the knives are out for Jeremy
Corbyn a politician of the traditional
left.we
sympathy for the Palestinian cause that
for some is yet another definition of
anti-semitism two leaders who should be
at war with one another in the best
interests of their country instead each
under fire from within their own parties
Jonah hole al-jazeera London
