counting has started in what some are
calling some Baba's historic election
it's the first felt without Robert
Mugabe on the ballot in nearly four
decades the man who is now in charge
president Emerson Managua promises the
general elections period will be
peaceful the voting today is peaceful
I have no doubt that the end process of
the pair will remain peaceful the main
opposition is announced in Tunisia says
he's confident of winning by more than
60 percent if the polls are free and
fair the people have spoken
the people are speaking and it's clear
that the vote is a vote for victory
everyone for freedom
everyone for democracy everyone friend
news in Bob way Robert Mugabe voted in
an opposition stronghold in Harare the
day before the election he says he would
not vote for Managua or the rulings on
appeal party because they forced him to
resign in November the European Union
election observer mission says the
elections were in some cases very smooth
but in others totally disorganized I
think some inconsistencies which very me
but I have not able to make the judgment
a final judgment that this was the
pattern of the leg election at all
overall the Bob Lee election officials
say most polling stations open on time
and that there were a few issues but
things went relatively smoothly some
people complained they didn't get to
vote this ad some of you they'd
eliminated what was their name and not
be found vote counting is done manually
election officials say final results
will be announced within 5 days if no
candidate wins more than half the votes
there will be a runoff on September 8th
emotions are high some opposition
supporters fear the voters all has been
tampered with and the ruling party would
try and manipulate the vote Zana p.m.
officials denied the allegations some -
all really saying the election results
will likely be contested Jarro Matassa
al Jazeera
how'd I think
