tons of rocks and mud started falling
and cracks appeared in mountain trails
from the magnitude 6.4 earthquake struck
some climbers prayed for their lives
this is mobile phone footage filmed by a
group of climbers who experienced a
powerful earthquake at more than 2,000
meters while climbing the rinjani
volcano Indonesia's Mount Rinjani is a
popular tourist destination a more than
1300 people were on the hiking trails of
the active volcano when the earthquake
happened
most of them foreign tourists with their
guides and porters among them a group of
239 people from Thailand rescue workers
and soldiers are dropping supplies two
climbers who have been cut off because
of landslides hundreds have already been
evacuated when Indonesian men died when
he was hit by falling rocks president
Joko Widodo has visited the area as for
rinjani the search and rescue agency
disaster mitigation agency and the
military are working together hopefully
it will be over soon nearly 1,500 houses
have been destroyed and more than 5,000
people on the island of Lombok are now
staying in temporary shelters the
government has promised financial
support for those who have lost their
homes the people are still in trauma
most of them Derek go home have opted to
stay in the temporary shelters because
the earthquakes are ongoing
although the strength of the quake has
weakened the earthquake was strongly
felt because it was very shallow and the
epicenter was on the land they have been
more than 270 aftershocks for now many
people here say they are too afraid to
go back to their homes step fasten
al-jazeera Lombok
