Masaya the Nicaraguan city that put up
the fiercest resistance during three
months of anti-government protests looks
almost empty the only large group on
this normally overcrowded street is part
of the latest funeral procession it's
been nine days since 31 year old Bayardo
Haru Kean was buried a baker with two
small children and a third one on the
way who was taken from his home during
what the government called the cleanup
campaign England red hombre three men
with blue t-shirts olive green pants and
black masks kicked down the door they
grabbed him and said you're coming with
us
his wife cried out he hasn't done
anything he hasn't done anything this is
the only family member who dared speak
to us on condition of anonymity the
grass on this empty lot has just been
cut but it's here that the highly
decomposed body of biohacking was found
hidden among the tall brush three days
after he disappeared the body was taken
to the morgue in the capital Managua
where the coroner confirmed that he had
been killed shortly after he had been
taken from his home we got the call that
they had a body with by Iago's
characteristics when we went to identify
him the doctor said he'd been shot in
the head
here and here heavily armed paramilitary
operatives continued to comb the streets
of the neighborhood relatives of scores
of civilians allegedly killed by
pro-government forces say they've been
threatened with reprisals as they speak
out many have left the country hundreds
of activists who man trenches wanting to
oust populist President Daniel Ortega
have gone underground Alex Hernandez is
one of them
lists have been distributed to the
paramilitaries we change safe houses
every night but it's only temporary what
they don't understand is that the more
they try to intimidate us the more
people they kill disappear or in prison
the angrier and more determined we
become
perhaps but there's also a great deal of
fear the inter-american Commission of
Human Rights warns that a third phase of
repression is now underway with
selective arrests disappearances and the
criminalization of those who oppose a
president whom they see as a dictator
you see a Newman al-jazeera
Messiah
