the entire community of Keswick
California has been turned to ash
nothing remains a once lively little
town of about 700 people now resembles
something like a faraway planet from a
science-fiction movie the fire that
roared through here was described as a
tornado of flames
there was nothing firefighters could do
to stop it
the way that front fire front was coming
through it was going to do what it
wanted to do we might be able to save
one little spot here but risk would have
been just to try and even be anywhere
near there what remains are the remnants
of people's lives there are small signs
of life here like the burnt pages of
this children's book it's silent there
isn't a sound there is still a mandatory
evacuation zone residents aren't being
allowed back only the occasional
emergency vehicle passes by ironically
the only color remaining in town a red
fire hydrant there was no match for the
flames it's the middle of the day but
the Sun can barely be seen because it's
so grey and dark here the Sun can barely
peek out through the thick layer of
smoke and ash that covers the air not
only here but in this entire region of
California doctors say people that
inhale this smoke now face health risks
by all accounts everyone here was able
to flee just before the fire overtook
them the residents are mostly low-income
the future of the historic town is now
in doubt I don't know if they'll have
the resources to rebuild if hopefully
those who have insurance have the
opportunity but those who don't it's
a low-income type of area so I'm not
sure that a lot of people will be able
to rebuild if they decide to rebuild it
will be a new town because the old one
simply no longer exists
Gabriel Sandow al-jazeera Keswick
California
