Africa's blue world is our focus next
it's a world made up of vast lakes
oceans and rivers the African Union
calls the blue economy the new frontier
of African Renaissance there's been a
lot of talk and forums focusing on it
over the past year all of the branding
around the blue economy states Africa is
suffering from sea blindness or not
sufficiently developing its extensive
marine resources lying on the ocean bed
are potential sources of metals and oil
and gas seabed mining however would
destroy critical delicate and
little-understood sea life and it's
those concerns about the lack of data
which still persist as efforts get
underway to exploit the ocean ecosystem
thirty-eighth of Africa's 54 states our
coastal look at the island nation of
Mauritius for example it's one of the
smallest countries in the world but it
has territorial waters the size of South
Africa the blue economy is not confined
to fishing and tourism it also includes
things like transportation deep sea
coastal mining and energy but there are
environmental concerns a new offshore
deep-sea mining industry is already
taking shape in Namibia for example
vacuuming diamonds from the ocean floor
proponents see a sparkling future in the
ocean as onshore mineral deposits dry up
while the blue economy has the capacity
to provide desperately needed jobs the
challenge is all about how to exploit
water resources in a sustainable way
environmentalists are warning more
research is required to shape policies
joining us now via Skype from the city
of Mombasa in Kenya is David o Bora
David is the director of coastal oceans
research and development in the Indian
Ocean core do as it's known East Africa
good to have you with us David so a lot
of focus right now on the so-called blue
economy is it more than just a rebrand
of marine exploitation yes it's it is
much more than that the blue economy is
we try and of it as worst
because really the blue economy is about
using utilizing the ocean resources but
sustainably without damaging them and
this is really their way of the future
deep-sea mining of hydrocarbons diamonds
for example still problematic right yes
it's still problematic but you know it's
still quite a long time into the future
particularly in our region the West
Indian Ocean for deep-sea mining I think
the technologies and the incentives or
the price is to really extract those
minerals is quite far into the future
it's much closer with natural gas in
Mozambique of course there are huge
kinds of natural gas and several
companies moving forward very quickly to
exploit those but that has transboundary
implications for countries around
Mozambique and based on application tool
in Mozambique for the there living
ecosystems and the natural resources so
there's a lot of talk about it we're
pushing hard I think it's going to take
a step change or transformation in
awareness around economic planning to
really make a difference but there's a
lot of forces pushing in that direction
put into perspective for us David to
what extent does Africa's marine
resources have the potential to
completely transform life on the
continent as we know it well it's a hard
thing to predict the African Union is
picking that very strongly which i think
is right you know in 50-year planning
out 2063 is that development on the
concepts should come from the sea and
can come from the sea it can happen but
we do as I said it's a transformation we
need to really transform the way sectors
plan amongst each other countries
amongst each other and also appreciation
by the economic corpus powers that the
value is generated from ecosystems or
assets that can be damaged and you need
to manage them sustainably just like
you'd manage our hedge funds or some
sort of capital asset that you know so
that you don't destroy it while you
while you're exploiting you where will
the massive investment though come from
I mean a lot of us needs a lot of money
pouring into infrastructural projects in
an environment where
reform is really needed political
regulate
even legal right yes that's right there
needs to be I mean the legal systems and
regulatory systems are not really up to
scratch and in most African countries
and we're building major infrastructure
assets like railways and ports power
plants and things like that without
really appropriate strategic assessments
of the environment and other assets are
affected by those infrastructure
projects I think they're really the
money is there to invest in these things
whether it comes from China or other
sources as well but to have that money
invested in ways to parent damaged major
assets important to their projects as
well as to other sectors that really
needs to change it needs to change in
the next 10 to 20 years otherwise a lot
of damage will be done that's one
and finally what about on the
educational level is enough being done
to re-educate people and how to manage
and even to regard one's marine
resources some education fronts
enough isn't big no I mean the sea is
still on the you know behind a lot of
other priorities and most applicants
minds and mentalities from the countries
down to individuals and we need to
transform that I think awareness about
climate change in the ocean connections
as well thing aware about plastics and
oceans pollution is really leaping to
the fronts in the last few years so
we're trying to ride this way to get
that away and then get the education
systems also building that into
curriculum really understanding how much
we do and understand all right
good try thank you thanks so much David
okay
