it's the second time a Robert Mugabe has
spoken to reporters since he was forced
from office last November his
reappearance hours before Monday's
general election was a surprise so was
what he said he says he won't be voting
for the rulings are EPS the party he
laid for so long or endorsed his
successor Emma so Managua it is the MDC
prepare and 22 others imagine I have
said the two women don't seem to offer
very much so what what is there I think
this is just a Mesa the leader of the
main opposition now Santa Mesa says he
welcomes every vote he can get it is not
my duty as a candidate to go and choose
waters we are not going to this election
to choose voters as candidate we are
going to be chosen so if someone says
they are likely to have a favorable
disposition in my favor Who am I to deny
that extra vote that will make the
fundamental win that we want where am I
the 94 year old says being forced from
office by the army was unconstitutional
is one of the last of his generation of
veteran African politicians his
supporters say he still has influence in
the ruling party and army what he says
could influence how some people vote
both sonic peers and the opposition
alliance have pulled in relatively large
crowds at campaign rallies some analysts
say Monday's election could be a tight
race major weakness might be the fact
that he may have some people supporters
who may still be sympathetic to Robert
Mugabe and therefore may not vote for
him and they decide to vote for the
opposition now since I missed on the
other hand as the primary challenge of
having had to have a quick-fire campaign
a divided opposition but also not so
much of a campaign in the rural areas of
smother president Managua says he's
confident he's going to win and that the
election will be free and fail
international observers who been invited
for the first time in 16 years have said
incredible poll could help in the Baba's
international isolation after decades of
political and economic instability para
Matassa al Jazeera
