a turning point in Zimbabwe the ruling
party is put to the test in the first
election without Robert Mugabe for 40
years but the former president who was
overthrown last year makes a surprise
appearance and refuses to back his
successor this is inside story
hello and welcome to the program I'm
Mohammed I'm jewel millions of
Zimbabweans who've lived for years under
relentless poverty corruption and voter
violence are deciding their future
Monday's election is being seen as a
major test for the ruling Zanu PF party
its leader president Emerson Managua is
the front-runner
the former deputy of Robert Mugabe was
fired weeks before the veteran leader
was deposed last year and they're more
at odds now than ever before men and God
was main rival is Nelson cha Mesa leader
of the Movement for Democratic Change
both are promising a better future we'll
talk to our guest shortly but first
Malcolm Webb reports from the town of
quick way Zimbabwean czar voting in the
first election in nearly 40 years that
won't have full marula Robert Mugabe on
the ballot paper he was pushed out by
the military in November and his former
right-hand man took over he's Emerson
Managua and he's the ruling Zanu PF
candidate in this election ever since he
took over he's been promising to revive
the economy says he's getting pledges of
billions of dollars of foreign
investment foreign investors who will
return jobs in the economy key issues
but here in the town of quackery he was
a parliamentary candidate he lost two
elections here in the early 2000s and
was only re-elected to Parliament when
he ran in a newly created rural
constituency near here and opposition
say it's in the rural constituencies
whereas easiest to bribe and intimidate
voters he's going to be running against
this man Nelson charmita
who's leading the main opposition
alliance he's also been talking about
the economy and jobs and he says if the
election is free and fair he'll
definitely be the one to win it the
opposition have already complained of
irregularities they say that there are
problems with the ballot papers and that
there's a lack of transparency with the
whole of the voting system the Electoral
Commission denies it the ruling party
also denies that there's any untoward
business going on
Malcolm Webb for Inside Story former
President Robert Mugabe gave a surprise
speech on the eve of the elections he
criticized the government of his former
right-hand man president Emerson in
Managua
we have had since November an
environment in our country which was far
from being free even politically later
on constitutional and leave alright so
let's take a closer look at what's
happened since the war for independence
from Britain when Rhodesia became
Zimbabwe following the end of white
minority rule in 1980 the sanno pf1
elections and party leader Robert Mugabe
became prime minister seven years later
he changed the constitution to become
president but fast forward to the late
1990s in the country once called the
breadbasket of Africa is an economic
crisis Mugabe 's campaign launched in
2002 seized land from white farmers and
give it back to black families provoked
international condemnation the EU
imposed sanctions two years later after
Mugabe was reelected US sanctions soon
followed and last year Mugabe was
deposed after 37 years in power
following mass protests military
intervention and house arrest all right
let's bring in our panel joining us in
Harare Nick man Guana he's the spokesman
for the ruling Zanu PF party also in
Zimbabwe Oh bird goo - vice president of
the mdc-t and former spokesman for
Morgan Cheng RI welcome to you both
and now Nick I want to start with you in
this long and rambling press conference
that former President Robert Mugabe gave
he said that he will not vote for his
successor Emerson in Managua why is he
doing this now and do you believe that
it will have an impact on the vote they
are 5.6 million voters in zimbabwe and
interfere with a few extras change at
the end Robert Mugabe is one of the five
point six million people who are going
to watch hopefully if they all turn up
well went to vote tomorrow
so what he says or doesn't say is pretty
much there's something that anybody
would say on the street to say they are
gonna vote for a candidate of their
choice
he's free to choose a person of ISM of
his own volition to vote for it's not a
big deal it's an election where people
choose a candidate of their choice
so Robert Mugabe is making a choice no
big deal it does seem to be somewhat of
a big deal because while he may not have
explicitly endorsed Nelson chammiya he
certainly was talking about what a good
candidate he is I mean what does that
say about the state of politics right
now in Zimbabwe no this is this is one
thing there is a person who has been in
power for a long time who was relevant
to the discourse of Zimbabwe who was
relevant to the direction which the
country was going who was relevant to
anything that moved in Zimbabwe he has
become irrelevant eight months ago he
became irrelevant and on the hebron of
election where normally he would be on
the ballots he is absent from that
ballot can he come to terms with that no
he can't
so what does he do he gets all of you
guys attention the whole media because
the attention seeker now you're all
attending to him now we are all talking
about Robert Mugabe when we're talking
about the 5.6 million people have seen
but we are going to make a choice in a
very defining election tomorrow this is
what we have to talk about but we all
fell for ISM shenanigans and tricks now
we're talking about him the center of
attention again because he wanted to be
the center of attention of any election
now he's not he can't live with it
so yes we're talking of an 84 a 94 year
old man who has just found himself right
now at the periphery of Zimbabwe
politics he doesn't like that and in his
Rowan is usually manipulative style
where also we are all now gathered and
it's all Robert Mugabe Robert Mugabe
again Robert Mugabe is not one of the 23
candidates tomorrow this
the people should be talking about
robert mugabe is yesterday's news
Oh bird I saw you nodding your head
along to what Nick was saying there do
you have a response and you have a
response to what he was saying look I am
NOT women we thought Nick was saying
about Robottom Gabby look some of us are
on record saying Robert Mugabe at 94 is
yesterday's man so tyrannous Lee for
anyone to think that they will get
political traction from getting
endorsement we eat direct or indirect
from Robert Mugabe just us in the mdc-t
led by Honorable dr. Chavez Eric Cooper
it is tantamount to the kiss of death
Robert Mugabe is largely responsible for
the mess
that is in Bobby today he was the man
who was in power for close to four
decades when the country through
iron-fisted dictator eeeh and flashes
true he should actually be the last man
to complain about lack of
constitutionalism lack of democracy so
when I heard him talk about
constitutionalism I almost burst out
laughing and I said oh my god what is he
talking about look is no longer
affecting suburban politics when he was
taken out of power in November last year
there were scenes of jubilation there
were scenes of jubilation in Zimbabwe
Mugabe is yesterday's man okay Nick look
let me ask you this the fact that Robert
Mugabe comes out and says this today is
this evidence that the the feuds that
the fractures that have been apparent
for a while in zanu-pf that they are
still ongoing no it's not at all there
were factions inside OPF Robert Mugabe
was running the party in the country
with a cabal of functionalists which we
coined the g---forty crew the g40 was
expelled from zanu-pf
they formed their own party called in
National Party of France sorry the
National pacific frontier npf now which
is gone ahead and split
into two fractions on its own this is
Robert Mugabe's party this is Robert
room that was project that projects now
that Robert Mugabe is know is sin that
that project is was a stillborn he has
decided again to try to steer things
inside appeal Robert Mugabe is out of
zanu-pf
by by merely the fact that she firmed
another another another end political
entity to contest again as an OPF so
what Roberto Gaby says is almost the
same thing that an opposition politician
would say agonist is an opf it's
inconsequential zanu-pf is most
leadership in the past including the
earnings to Allah the founding president
and the RPF is going on Robert Mugabe
what Robert Mugabe does not understand
is that Xaro pure business is an
institution you thought he was the
embodiment of zanu-pf he is not he
cannot process that he cannot live with
that for the last few days of her for
the last whatever period he has left
with you on this F it's something that
he cannot fathom but unfortunately for
him this is something that has happened
zanu-pf held an extraordinary Congress
without robert mugabe therapy of chose
and endorsed its current presidential
candidates Amazon moon and ever without
Robert Mugabe at that point when we did
when he chose Robert Mugabe I saw him
choose Ramona I mean to say Robert
Mugabe was not there Robert Mugabe
opinion did not matter so why does he
think his opinion matters now when we
went for nomination coats and president
Managua hid the nomination to be on the
ballot Robert Mugabe so opinion did not
matter
Robert Mugabe petition did not matter
why does he think it matters now it
doesn't he's irrelevant so we are not
bothered at all if there is anything
that deserves to be cold it damp squib
that's a Robert Mugabe's freak show
today with the press because that's what
it was it's a freak show where an old
man decides to get to be a very old man
for that matter decides to be at the
center of attention decides to check the
whole world's attention from a very
defining election it's sad but you know
what we are Africans in s Africans
we do have a lot of respect for elderly
people even those that have lost their
minds we do still hold them in high
esteem just because of the of the
maturity of their age and because of
that understanding that our former
president is now of a of a certain age
where people do lose their minds once in
a while do drift in and in and out we
accredit him to that we credit is
attachment to that so we are not worried
we are not blood at all right I want to
bring in another guest that's just
joined our panel from London Joseph
Oceana was a writer and commentator on
African affairs in the new African
magazine and Joseph I want to ask you
look
Emerson Minh and GOG WA was Robert
Mugabe his right-hand man for decades so
how can voters now trust his word that
his rule will be different I think that
they that perhaps an element of a
contradiction for the people of Zimbabwe
but I've just had Nick Nick make his
observations there I think Wayman Ogawa
actually wins is the fact that 0pf was a
political party and is a political party
and it was a political organization and
liberation movement that included
Managua Mugabe and many other people
including Nick and it was massively
supported across the continent the
challenges they had over the last 20
years notwithstanding but I just simply
want to say that I don't really think
this election is about winning agua per
se I think the process of the last
several months has taken place and the
evidence is there on the ground part of
the conversation that I joined you guys
on I think what's much more important is
the fact that actually the opposition in
Nelson hmm
happens to be now backed by Robert
Mugabe and I think probably other than
whether or not Mugabe wins in this
process I think whether or not
necessarily the key opposition
organization meaning MDC that should
really be challenging for for foot
position this time around necessarily
benefits from from this process over do
you believe that men and Gaga is the
front-runner here we've seen polls in
the past several days which seemed to
indicate that the race is is much closer
than people thought it was before do you
think man and God would that he will
prevail here or do you think that
Jamia has a real chance it's difficult
to tell at this stage because really I
mean here speaking on behalf of my party
mdc-t led by Chavez anakata
and I'm quite confident that we are the
party that is actually going to shock
the world coming up with a very
significant showing particularly on the
presidential what because Takas Anacapa
herself is the founder member of the
Movement for Democratic Change
she has been the lady talk about a
little stronger as deputy for a period
in excess of a dozen years a firebrand
politician in her own right and you
actually want to believe that as you ask
the Bourbons
in the day our pinion on the ground
they'll actually be telling you that we
are going to vote for a candidate a
candidate who has been consistent
particularly when it comes to democratic
credentials a candidate who has not been
tainted with any allegations of
corruption a candidate who actually I
said an exemplary political career and
that's none other than Chavez and Cooper
so don't be shocked when she's caused an
astounding manager in the presidential
election so at the end of the day I
don't want to believe that there is any
obvious frontrunner I believe that
chuckles Annie Cooper and the mdc-t at
the end of the day I am sorry going to
be the game changer we are actually
going to be able to decide who becomes
the next president of Zimbabwe believe
you me because when you look at it when
you come to the Bible you talk to
ordinary people in the villages in the
townships on the streets you'll be
shocked at the level of support that the
mdc-t led by Cooper has so hey hang on
the bubbles hang on the world we are
going to punch above our weight Joseph
clearly there are divisions there is
some chaos and disarray within the MDC
if we can envision a scenario by which
Nelson Shah Mesa would prevail in the
election what happens then if the party
is as disorganized as it may be after
the death
Morgan cheng'er I what happens for
Nelson to Mesa if he were to prevail I
think in the unlikely event of course
that he did then would be having this
conversation but I think what the the
other guess has just suggested and just
link to your question tells you that
that unfortunately mixed a slightly
might want likely for the opposition
the other question authority was for me
the advantage that they income it
actually has is not release that is he
partly rounded and seemed to be the guy
who dared take on Mugabe so therefore
they are very likely bound to be both in
rural Zimbabwe and abandon Bobby who are
likely to give him the benefit of the
doubt but beyond that I think the char
missus and others and I don't know what
happened in my except for the more
recent perhaps one month sort of avoided
or did not make the best use of the
traditional rule base which basically is
traditionally enjoyed by zanu-pf and all
those Anna P have got very bad press
general over the years it is a political
party and I think by and large the
people of Zimbabwe as substantial
ideological and if zone appear is to
cover around issues that is RPF as a
political ideology it represents it's
unlikely that probably that anybody else
but I mean on ganghwa would win
regardless of all the issues and
challenges that may be presented by one
of the other guests was Nick Emerson
Managua keeps claiming that Zimbabwe is
open for business but what steps have we
seen him take up until this point to
boost the economy and what steps can we
expect him to take if he is elected what
president would do is now to roll out
the programs that will bring further
investment into Zimbabwe we expect a
roadmap for the stabilization of the
currency of the current situation in
Zimbabwe because obviously everybody
knows that Zimbabwe is going through a
lot of firm liquidity problems now this
the programs that he started they
employment the eighty-six thousand
people that have been embroiled in 86
sorry in six weeks is just a snippet
of what he can deliver in five years
what she has done is to make sure that
when investment comes it comes with
technology
it comes with skills transfer to the
local people and then local people the
local business is it cascades down they
will become also skilled up they will
become empowered in terms of
capitalization to take the country
forward so it's not just about them the
foreign business that's come that is
attracting to Zimbabwe but he's doing
that in order to have that
countertransference between the foreign
investor and the local businessman now
doing that this is what we I thought we
should be talking about you know that's
know so Thomas has just been given a
kiss of death bye-bye Robert Mugabe
because that's exactly what is a
structure Mesa is talking about change
he's talking about change
what is he changing he wants to change
what Robert Mugabe deeds and Amazon
minagawa is talking about change
President Mugabe is talking about change
what is it transforming right now is
transferred for me the ears that's
Robert Mugabe did the ears that he
probably wanted Robert Mugabe to much
ado when he was in his government but he
has not been given an opportunity to
change those so when we are talking
whenever we're talking of change we are
saying what went wrong and Woodrow fit
to go wrong what went wrong was what
Robert Mugabe made it to be so we're not
talking of a new era we're talking of an
era with Michael Burton we're starting
to run out of time I just want I want to
get to oh but I want to ask him a
question as well
Oh Bert despite all the campaign
promises from the candidates practically
speaking how hard is it going to be to
actually try to revive the economy we're
talking about a country that is one of
the highest rates of unemployment in the
world what steps are going to be neat
going to need to be taken immediately
it's going to be very difficult because
in Zimbabwe everything that can go wrong
has since gone wrong this will take a
lot of whack we really have to roll up
our sleeves and get on to work to make
this country reboot the economy to make
this country wake again I mean when you
look at the infrastructure out
dilapidation
when you look at the rail facilities
when you look at everything everything
that can go wrong as sins gone wrong and
when I hear some presidential
saying that they are going to fix these
things in two weeks I just say to myself
this is the joke in bad taste the bother
will need a lot of work a lot of time
I'm unable to give a timeline but we're
honestly it's not going to check
anything less than five days to fix this
country to reboot the economy to just
make sure that we start having
industries opening again make sure that
our roads our rehabilitation the railway
infrastructure is rehabilitated we would
clean and safer than our homes because
like I said everything that can go wrong
has since gone wrong it's not going to
be a walk in the park and anyone who is
promising people that they are going to
do this overnight is obviously lying
lying through their teeth and that
should not be taken seriously it's
actually like I said earlier a big joke
in very bad taste Joseph it is
significant of course that there are
election observers on the ground in
Zimbabwe do you believe though that even
though they are there that these
elections will be credible that they
will be fair and free I think by and
large up to this stage there's no reason
why we shouldn't believe that and in
fact I must say that going forward for
Zimbabwe in the event that election
results I came out and whatever
candidate actually warned these
elections almost seemingly going to be a
mess in Managua all that by and large is
if we don't see the kind of violence
that we used to see in the streets of
Zimbabwe confidence is going to return
on the scholarly confidence lesson Bobby
needs already there have been reports of
a major boost in the in the in the
production of tobacco a revival of the
agricultural sector the number of
Africans who got farms and opportunity
to farm go ahead and farm has actually
substantially gone on the up I think man
like Zimbabwe should be able to yes it's
not going to be two weeks but it won't
take a very long time for this country
because it's a very poor country
substantially a gifted by a series of
resources both human and natural but
really perception is the most important
thing is politic
the election must be seen to have gone
up through credibly
and really if the candidates over the
next few hours able to talk real issues
and to show that be able to give hope to
the
murder of the suburban people Vaughn
lied there is no reason why perhaps in a
year from today wouldn't be having a
better conversation that would be having
today okay Joseph you're talking about
hope you're talking about change in the
past of course elections have been
marred there by violence and
intimidation from your vantage point how
has it gone so far this time as I said
bond light very well election observers
have come in but also at the same time
foreign media that actually in part feel
this process hum actually decided to
give them up wins a chance remember that
this election is taking place without
Robert Mugabe and like we said before
the issue this is about but in a way
over the years had had to do with Robert
Mugabe and an element of whatever's
happening down there but man lied
Zimbabwe was basically in a country at
war with itself but also at war with
external forces for the obvious reason
that we don't want to repeat yeah part
of it obviously is land reform and I
think I'm nan GOG WA has actually taken
it on how he's about to strike a balance
without necessarily reversing or pushing
it back is going to be part of the
challenge partly for him and whoever
else in this case comes then it becomes
the next president I suspect that very
life is going to be Winograd word and
Joseph very quickly I'm gonna give you
the last word here just about 30 seconds
we have okay if these elections are
deemed credible do you think that we
will start seeing possible lifting of
sanctions more investment in Zimbabwe I
think the important point and I think it
may be may be question two to our
friends in the West I think the guys in
the east meaning Chinese and Indians
will come in regardless of whatever else
happens but in as long as actually
deemed credible there is substantial
opportunity in Zimbabwe
if Washington and London
don't-don't-don't pull up their socks on
the and the EU I think the Chinese will
just like the Chinese actually tried
their level best to have managed to make
sure that Zimbabwe did not completely
sink this huge amount of opportunities
in this country let this process go
through over the next 24 hours
freely barn-like credibly and let there
not be no violence and let the losers
generally go ahead and put up their
hands and simply say we've lost and
we'll try another give it another chance
alright we're gonna have to leave it
there we're out of time thanks to all
our guests nickman nickman Guana Joseph
Oceana and Albert gu2 and thank you too
for watching you can see the program
again any time by visiting our website
aljazeera.com and for further
gushin go to our Facebook page that's
facebook.com forward slash AJ inside
story you can also join the conversation
on twitter our handle is at AJ inside
story from me Mohammed Jim Jim and the
whole team here bye for now
