but waters in Attica province in
southern Laos are slowly receding but
the deluge of mud left behind is
hampering search operations lower water
levels have made some areas in
accessible by boat helicopter flights
are the only way into some communities
makeshift shelters are packed with
thousands of people who fled their homes
they've lost everything homes were swept
away and farmland submerged when an
auxilary dam at the Sur piensan a monoi
hydroelectric project collapsed on
Monday parts of neighboring Cambodia are
also flooded about five thousand people
here in Stone Trang province right next
to the border with Laos were moved to
safety on Tuesday there have been no
reports of missing persons or casualties
floodwaters have begun to recede and the
water level in the sacral River which
rose above the danger level several days
ago has begun to fall the disaster has
revived debate about plans by the Lao
government to boost the economy by
building dozens of dams to export
hydroelectricity to neighboring
countries why the dam collapsed remains
unclear the Minister of Energy and Mines
is quoted as blaming substandard
construction and there are conflicting
reports about when damage to the dam was
first noticed raising more questions on
whether the order to evacuate villagers
from their homes should have been issued
earlier Florence lui al Jazeera Stone
Trang Cambodia
