when President Eisenhower signed the
bill creating NASA
there were fears in Washington that the
US was being left behind by the Soviet
Union space exploration has always been
a matter of geopolitical prestige for
the US you'll be sure we are behind and
will be behind for some time in manned
flight but we do not intend to stay
behind but national politics have been
key to and one reason why I can here at
long-term plan for NASA has been
impossible for example George W Bush
directed NASA to return to the moon who
need to have President Obama scrapped
those plans and direct NASA to land on
an asteroid with Mars a long-term goal
now Donald Trump is ordered NASA back to
the moon this time we will not only
plant our flag and leave our footprint
we will establish a foundation for an
eventual mission to Mars if the kind of
political leaders keep moving the goal
posts around changing destinations from
an asteroid to the moon to Mars I mean
these are a long-term horizon goals
we're gonna take decades to achieve in a
lot of cases so we need to have like one
goal the plan is for u.s. astronauts to
be back on the moon by the mid-2020s but
timeframes keep being pushed back and it
should be noted that the u.s. can't even
ferry astronauts to the International
Space Station that loaned the moon nASA
has been reliant on Russian spacecraft
since the Space Shuttle was discontinued
President Obama pushed private public
partnerships with Boeing and SpaceX to
create US spacecraft but they're well
behind schedule that may mean no US
presence at all on the ISS for a time
and left us priorities shift for human
space travel but that represents just
one of four areas of activity for NASA
the others are Aeronautics science and
space technology here innovation
continues with unmanned space travel
satellites and space telescopes NASA
isn't just studying outer space with the
earth to the president and when Donald
Trump named climate change denier Jim
brandenstein as NASA Administrator there
were fears that Earth Sciences would
suffer but remarkably after six weeks in
the job Brighton Stein converted I don't
deny the consensus that the climate is
changing
I fully believe and know that the
climate is changing I also know that we
human beings are contributing to it in a
major way this year Congress passed the
highest budget for NASA since 2009
rejecting the Trump administration's
attempts at cuts so even as uncertainty
and delay characterized NASA's human
missions into space for the moment at
least the agency's urgent investigations
into the state of our own planet are
secured share burton c al jazeera
