a political crisis handed martinez
chiropodist presidency only four months
ago now he faces a judicial crisis that
has brought thousands of Peruvians to
the streets hours before the president
announced ambitious reforms aimed at
uprooting corruption in Peru protesters
clashed with police over a scandal
involving judges and politicians get out
leave we don't want to see them enough
of corruption already it's not only gay
on here but all over the country
wiretapped phone conversations released
by the media earlier this month showed
judges lawyers and prosecutors trading a
host of favors to friends including job
positions and reduced sentences for
convicts una cultura
the Grammys we are living moments of
great uncertainty and severe decline of
our institutions the judicial system has
collapsed it's not a problem from today
it's a structural problem the crisis led
to the resignation of the Supreme Court
precedent the magistrates National
Council was dissolved and the Justice
Minister fired among others the
restorers journalist Gustavo Correa who
published the wiretap says the level of
corruption is much larger still less
cerveza I have to certainty that this is
just one part of something much more
extended and if totally revealed will
allow us to understand how the corrupt
mechanisms function and relate to
organized crime from the gangs on the
streets to the highest level in Congress
vez Kara's proposed reforms include a
new election process for members of the
judiciary we will call on a referendum
to begin changes with the most
legitimacy possible to get the people's
trust in the judiciary back it's unclear
however if this Guerra would be able to
carry out the full slate of reforms as
he lacks a strong base of support in
Congress on the streets demonstrators
say they don't believe in government
promises
officials they say that the only way to
stop corruption will be if they continue
to protest as new audio recordings are
released nearly every day angry
Peruvians say instead of justice the
judiciary has brought them shame
Mariana Sanchez al Jazeera Lima Peru
