president Emerson Managua says if he
wins Monday's election it will be a
fresh start for all Zimbabweans he took
over from Robert Mugabe who was forced
to resign by the army last year the man
who used to be Mugabe's right-hand man
enjoys the support of the military the
rulings army pea party he leads control
state media and government resources
engaging people with peaceful respectful
and dignified what is wanted now with
only one push on Monday the opposition
alliance is hoping to tap into anger and
frustrations of some of the youth who
make up the majority of registered
voters Zimbabwe has one of the highest
unemployment rates in the world the main
opposition party has been a formidable
force for nearly two decades but it's
been struggling financially partly due
to a lack of donors and allegations of
corruption party leaders say they are
determined they're going to win the
election and hold enough Zimbabweans one
change
Nelson Chalisa the leader of the
movement for Democratic Change believes
the Independent Electoral Commission is
biased in favor of minagawa jamesha
worries the rulings are repair party
will manipulate voter numbers by
tampering with ballot papers and the
voter oh he says if the polls are free
and fair he will win more than 65
percent of the vote two days to
independence today's 2-1 days as a
people if we miss our opportunity on
Monday we are doomed for life because
not as Eva the current government is
idealist clueless and they are
directionless
the majority of more than 5 million
voters grew up during Mugabe's nearly
40-year rule this will be the first
election without the deposed president
running for re-election voters have to
choose between the manuals Mugabe's
right-hand man for decades and trust his
word releases his leadership style will
be different all supports a relatively
new face whose relatively inexperienced
in politics and who insists Youngblood
is what's needed to end some Bobby's
economic crisis her Matassa al jazeera
Harare
