the cricketing superstar poised to
become Pakistan's next prime minister
despite opposition allegations of
widespread election fraud
Imran Khan is promising major changes
and vowing to clean up corruption can he
deliver this is inside story
hello and welcome to the program I'm
Mohammed Jim Jim he says it is a new
Pakistan
Imran Khan is pledging to help the poor
talk to the Taliban and try to end the
decades of dispute over Kashmir the
former World Cup winning cricket captain
is set to be Pakistan's new prime
minister following Wednesday's general
election the leader of the tarika in
south party won most seats but not
enough to form a majority government
so coalition cabinet is expected he's
defeated mainstream parties who have
long ruled Pakistan the ruling pml-n
party of Nawaz Sharif has conceded
defeat but is disputing the result along
with opposition groups they say the vote
was rigged and they're threatening to
call for nationwide protests if their
demands for an election rerun aren't met
Khan's promising to investigate the
vote-rigging allegations and has other
major challenges ahead Osama bin Javed
reports from Lahore the math Sharif and
his brother are no longer calling the
shots after the campaign it's time to
clean up in what Imran Khan calls a new
Pakistan PTI voters have taken their
leader to the top job but they are
already calling for accountability of
those who joined him Ron Hahn from the
so-called old Pakistan you know nephew
does cokie openly party means if they
carry one the same way even after coming
to power it will be really unfair to ask
PTI voters Imran Khan must know this if
he cannot stop their corruption then he
has no right to be the leader
international observers say they did not
witness any military interference during
the vote process but the EU election
observation mission says the 2018
electoral process was not as
trouble-free as it was five years ago
although there were several legal
provisions aimed at ensuring a level
playing field we have concluded that
there was a lack of equality of
opportunity candidates with large
political appeal and financial means the
so called electable --zz often dominated
the campaign opposition parties say
there was interference
especially when votes were counted a
multi-party conference rejected the
results in the capital Islamabad this is
theft of the people's mandate as for
those who achieved majority through this
we neither accept their claim nor give
them the right to rule
we have agreed to demand a new fair and
free election the Election Commission
insists that the election was
transparent but it failed to keep its
promise that it would quickly announce
the official results Imran Khan's party
has agreed to investigate allegations of
rigging and fraud it also unveiled an
ambitious hundred-day plan when it forms
a government the value of the Pakistani
rupee has taken a nosedive in recent
weeks there's an agitation movement
brewing amongst opposition politicians
Imran Khan's challenges may have already
begun even before he's taken charge of
what he promised as a new Pakistan sama
bin Javed al Jazeera Lahore so just who
is Imran Khan now 65 he was raised in
Lahore by his ethnic Pashtun family and
became one of Pakistan's most famous
cricketers as captain of the national
team he led Pakistan to win the World
Cup in 1992 he immediately retired from
cricket to devote himself to social work
he founded the PTI political party and
promised to ensure insaaf or justice for
all
he won his first seat in the National
Assembly in the 2002 general election
Khan led protests against election fraud
in 2014 and demanded the resignation of
the government led by Nawaz Sharif and
he spearheaded an anti-corruption
campaign he also promised to reform
Pakistan create 10 million jobs and
build five million low-cost homes Khan
has also called for the resolution of
the Kashmir dispute peace talks with the
Taliban and he has criticised US policy
in Afghanistan
all right let's introduce today's panel
joining us in Islamabad is Nevada hamid
an investigative journalist and academic
in lahore pj mere a former cricketer
turned TV host and also in Islamabad
Saleem Awan a tehreek-e-insaf party
member welcome to you all
PJ Maher I want to start with you could
you tell our audience just how
significant is is Iman Khan's victory
here
quite significant because he's broken a
myth he's broken a tradition and he's
brought in a breath of fresh air so I
think it's it's quite a change because
here we have
seen those kind of people fall down in
the election these recently concluded
elections who people thought would
remain there for eternity so I think
it's quite significant and also the fact
that in bronze banner of asking for
justice and asking and pleading for the
poor man has actually played off in
comparison to in the 1970s when we saw
mr. Bhutto come along and speak of the
Pakistani term of roti which is food
copper averages cloth and of course
housing which is makan and he's actually
transformed that today in these general
elections and but again what I would say
Mohammed is that it time will actually
tell because he's got a team of
inexperienced people in comparison to
what mr. Bhutto had in comparison to
what mr. Nawaz Sharif had but today he's
again as I said before created a breath
of fresh air but will this breath of
fresh air be able to give Pakistan what
it wants he's got a few very good hands
and at this present moment in time where
there's lots of wheeling and dealing
going on let's see how he negotiates all
of that Salima Juan do you agree with
what Peter a mirror was just saying and
is this signal a seismic political shift
for Pakistan I I agree with the first
part of Mr P Jaime's statement but you
know the I don't agree with his
narrative of an inexperienced team
because what the experienced team of
Sharif has brought us is huge pile of
debts our country has now the end of ma
steps we are running huge deficits are
exposed have gun gun down our enforce
have gone up and we find ourselves at
the diversion of financial bankruptcy so
we need fresh people with fresh ideas
and who are willing to contribute to to
the country and Imran Khan has team who
are dedicated who wants to do Pakistanis
who wants to contribute to the economy
of the Pakistan who want to better the
the conditions of normal Pakistanis he
has shown it in the Hobart Pathan hua
the province which was given to him
thinking that he will mess it up and
he will strain discredit but today what
we find is that not only Hobart Optima
has has discredited the opposition but
had given a huge mandate to the to
America Nevada the EU election observer
mission has said that they observed no
vote rigging on Election Day but they
also noted a lack of equality of
opportunity and systematic attempts to
undermine the ruling party so how much
of a shadow does this cast over the
formation of a government led by Imran
Khan well there are there are facts
about it there was some kind of
intimidation to other political parties
primarily Nawaz Sharif's party however
had that been the case had it been
engineering as being portrayed by the
opposition parties Pakistan
tehreek-e-insaf to be honest with them
would not be looking for other coalition
partners it could have seen
single-handedly formed government but
that's not the case the election was
pretty pared pre-election procedures
have never been leveled Blair had never
had level playing field for all the
political parties throughout the history
which does not justify what happened
before these elections but definitely
things should have gone to improve
towards improvement and that was not the
case but having said that I think
election day was the most organized in a
day and there were discrepancies there
were issues with the disposal of results
in time and these were more in terms of
administrative flaws that the government
or the Election Commission could not
handle I think a European Union
observers really have commended that is
for the fair election and pre election
procedures need to be improved for every
next election or by election Pakistan is
going to see Vijay mirror I saw you
nodding along to anivia Hamid was saying
there so I want to ask your reaction to
what he was saying but also you know
several of the smaller political parties
are disputing the results some of them
are even calling for nationwide protests
do you think now that those calls will
continue or they will accept the result
look there are three there are three
angles to it one PTI had nothing to do
as far as let's say rigging the
elections or had anything
we were tempering the elections that's
one - yes there were malfunctions of the
Election Commission of Pakistan and
there's no doubt and no no two ways
about it because in fact just today PP
7-0 the candidate awesome party I had I
had to intervene through a lawyer to
have his case reopened which which that
which the judges reopened which is a
good sign which in the previous tenure
it didn't it never happened when Iran
was shouting his head off and trying to
approach the courts okay look please
open my cases and things like it didn't
happen so today again a breath of fresh
air from M Ron in the sense saying look
I'm open to all investigations
whether it's my people or whether it's
yours so that's a great sign and that
thing has taken place there are election
Laguna's I'm sure they dare to go go in
time but as I say that you know when we
speak about the formation of a
government look to run a cricket team of
12 is quite easy I play Craig it all my
life with them Ron I've grown up with
them we went to the same school but
running a country of 22 million is the
different kettle of fish let alone the
province of Punjab so I think today what
we are looking for is a narrative where
Pakistan how it deals with Moscow higher
deals with China how it deals with the
United States how do we get out of FA TV
if it EF how do we get out of this trade
deficit how do we get out of the imports
of 3 billion exports or 1 billion get
out of 4 under a trillion dollar sort of
you know the debt so we are facing
towards an economic crisis these are the
factors which we need to see and of
course the biggest factor Mohammed is
that today when I said earlier on a
breath of fresh air despite India's
interference despite some of the Western
media's interference and trying to
undermine these elections these
elections have gone well despite the
fact that the heat of July and the
monsoons played a major part but still
yet we had millions of us would come on
to vote so that's a change but we have
economic crisis ahead of us and that is
the reason when I said that we need
experienced people to run the country oh
I'm a going by
a Boeing 787 but is my captain competent
enough to fly that aircraft so that's
where my argument lies and I today say
that look at this present moment a time
where in Braun himself has given the
olive branch to all of them yet in
response he's got this APC coming out
and people have threatened that they'll
go out on the streets they'll only
damage the state of Pakistan so I think
we need to get out of this rut follow
Imran he's got the mandate and let's all
work together despite I would go down as
far as what the Americans have done hey
they brought in the defense engineer who
didn't belong to James sorry I'm sorry
to interrupt you you're bringing up a
lot of valid points here and because you
know Imran Khan and because you were a
fellow cricketer as well and you've
known him for a long time I want to ask
about a criticism that he has faced many
have said that he is a political
opportunist
yes he is running on an anti-corruption
platform but they also say that they
don't really know where his political
philosophy lies do you know what his
political philosophy is I did his first
let's say an interview on television in
London in 1990 in that he clearly said
politics is not fair game politics is
not my scene this is too dirty in
Pakistan all I want to do is something
good for the country which he did in the
form of shock at karna Memorial Hospital
but as to your question which is very
pertinent what is this a political
outlook
well his political outlook is being with
him is care for the poor people care for
the underprivileged
care for those who be neglected and for
merit I've seen that myself and I think
that that would be his basic aim where
he would want to take Pakistan and of
course finishing off this corruption
business finishing off the cycling of
millions and billions of dollars out of
Pakistan and trying to bring those
billions of dollars I think his litmus
test lies when he said that I will bring
back those billions of dollars back into
Pakistan which has been looted out of
the country that will show what his
political outlook would be all right let
me ask Nevada Hamid do you believe that
Imran Khan is going to be able to fight
this very entry
changed culture of political corruption
in Pakistan how easy or difficult will
that be for him well in Ron's biggest
barrier lies within the party his party
is not an ideological party anymore and
over the past three years he has let
everybody come in either he was or she
was affiliated with Nawaz Sharif or with
Asif Ali Zardari or pervez musharraf
what kind of political baggage these
people bring to the party is going to be
a challenge for him Ron Khan so the
party apparently seems to be split into
two groups one which are hardcore the
Ricans are activists which which stood
with him for quite many years to Lee
graduated to where they are and there
are others which have been parachuted in
the party that's where that US allies
the other challenge that you mentioned
is the external one the one that comes
from the political elite of the country
some of its own members are part of it
and of course entire political
opposition that heel space which have
all ganged up together and then there is
bureaucracy there is a district
management group that is the legacy of
the British British rule they are very
strong if you want to change and deform
Pakistan you have to go after the
bureaucratic reforms and that is going
to be a major challenge for him and we
are crazy alongside the military
bureaucracy and civilian burocracy have
been a major factor in pulling down or
failing any leader and thirdly in Ron's
own personal focus Imran has transformed
a transformed himself into a leader but
recently he maybe had become a
politician now he has to rise himself
again to the status of a leader and
think about all parts of the country as
his own which apparently seems easier
said than done and we have to watch very
carefully and minutely as to how would
he deliver on those friends personally I
am cautious optimist cautiously
optimistic but in the long run you never
know where he takes the party and the
country Salim I want I want to ask you
about something that navara Hamid just
mentioned he talked about the military
now one of the keys to any future
success by Imran Khan
his colleagues will be how they navigate
how they negotiate with Pakistan's
military how do you foresee that going
so it's very simple you know the
governance if PPI which we all hope you
know and that's why we are part of the
PTI if they can deliver on their
promises and if they can take Pakistan
and the right path military will itself
give space to the political forces
because what has happened in the past is
that the the political forces like the
Sherif's
they have been trying to build up their
empires in the foreign countries at the
cost of the interest of Pakistan and we
noticed that Imran Khan has always cared
for Pakistan he has brought Pakistan to
the stage of the world where we and he
has brought all these people who love
Pakistan and the platform of the
Pakistan that he can serve so as a PT is
activist and a supporter I only hope
that like he has delivered in fiber
próxima that he delivers here it brings
in a team of competent people and and he
build up institution and he and and he
brings smile on the faces of people we
reduce our debts the plunder and loot
that has been coming in Pakistan has
stopped why would the military interfere
in the civil regime you know if the
civil regime performs what has happened
in the past is that the civil regimes
have been messing up and that was the
reason for the military to intervene
PJ Maher critics of Imran Khan say that
his leadership could embolden extremists
now why do they say that and has he
actually been catering to religious
hardliners in Pakistan who hasn't
everybody says they don't but they all
have to unfortunately whether we like it
or not there are some radical elements
who are on the way out now and the
people have had to work with them in
order to see that there is no energy in
the country that there is no disturbance
in the country there's no bad
perceptions which go out of the country
yes we all have all the all the
political leaders have but today I think
as I said Imran is not one of those
who's been tried and tested Imran is
going to be tried and tested now it's
not a one day as I said it's a five year
test it's not a five day test so this
this match which is going to be playing
in the country will need a lot of
assistance in fact
only about seven six about seven days
ago I spoke to General Musharraf and I
said look you've been running the
country he came to you and asked that
you know he wants 90 seats and so forth
how do you see and he said look my time
is up but if Imran wants my help I'm
glad to willing and glad to help him out
wherever he's you know he's wherever he
wants it and that is the case which we
need we need elderly statesmen we need
wise people to come along and assist him
Ron in taking the country forward why
Imran has no baggage Imran has no
corruption charges
Imran doesn't carry anything which is
bad in fact give him credit that despite
the fact that there were few people who
been tainted that the news is that he
will not be giving them any ministerial
positions so that's a great start when
you know when we see that people who've
been tainted or basically under
investigation by the national
accountability Bureau those people will
not be considered till the time they are
cleared or perhaps if they are accused
so you know whatever that is so during
this period we need to see that the
infighting as what you know my friends
from Islamabad said this infighting that
has to be curtailed that has to be
actually contained because then the
people who have come in who I called
them as parachutists will always want
and the independence will always want to
get some ministerial position because
that's the basic name of the game so
here again
Imran will have to be very judicious
very careful and at the same time very
very calculating as to how he is going
to see his party performing in the next
five years
anivia hamid we've spoken a lot about
internal domestic politics inside of
Pakistan but let's talk a little bit
about foreign relations of course Imran
Khan has been critical of the US war in
Afghanistan he's been critical of the
use of drones by the US inside of
Pakistan's borders but now he's also
calling for mutually beneficial ties
between Pakistan and the US at a time
when the US has suspended aid to
Pakistan can this relationship be
repaired what do you think the US will
expect to hear from Imran Khan going
forward well Pakistan's banks that
interest lies to work with us
the most amicable way Pakistan and us
are national partners and the the hate
that has built up after 2001
particularly 9/11 and bizarre before
that due to sanctions must come up come
down to a level where the two countries
should have a better working
relationship as far as Imran objections
were concerned his major issue was with
drone strikes that domore happen after
Pakistan conducted a thorough operation
in Waziristan and other tribal areas so
that's off the table the other issue is
the situation in Afghanistan and talks
with Taliban instead of pressurizing
Pakistan United States just recently
concluded talk direct talks with Taliban
in Qatar and the talks have also
continued in enough gannis on despite
all the terrorist attacks going on and
US has shown clearer willingness and
supports to Pakistan and Afghanistan to
continue the process of political
dialogue with Taliban these are the two
basic positive signal signs that lead
Pakistan and Pakistan and America
towards an a peaceful settlement of
their whatever defenses are left as for
other relations are concerned
due to this anti-americanism Iranian
Lobby has seeped into PTI very heavily
and Imran is generally seen as extremely
proud on so that's a baggage that
Pakistan will carry on Iran will carry
and Pakistan the last thing Pakistan
wants is to be seen siding with Iran or
North Korea given its economic situation
in the corruption and the external
stretch that is facing backs our needs
very warm relationship with with United
States as well as equally good relations
with China and other other stakeholders
however this will not happen like a few
years ago a few months ago that any
official Deputy Assistant Secretary of
State of South Asia will come and call
on the president or prime minister now
I'm sorry to interrupt you sir it's just
that we're running out of time and I
want to ask Saleem I want a final
question here thank you for that
the Saleem o on I want to ask you also
about
pakistan's relationship with India Imran
Khan has offered an olive branch to
regional rival India he wants to put
aside the long-simmering dispute over
Kashmir is there any idea you have of
how India might respond to to his
electoral victory and to whatever
initiative he might have going forward
when it comes to the relationship with
India that's an excellent question I
think if anyone PJ Mead would agree with
me that if anybody anybody could could
improve a relationship with India it has
to be Imran Khan he is loved as much in
India as he is in Pakistan he's been a
celebratory and and if you see the
Indian media was running a campaign head
campaign against Imran just before the
elections but if you see the Indian
public at large the celebrities and
everybody else they have held Imran
Khan's election as winning the election
and I hope that he uses his relationship
in India to leverage the village and
improve the relationship between two
countries there is there is a need for
dialogue which successive government has
not done successfully so I'm very
optimistic and I think if anybody can do
and it has to be imran khan
all right gentlemen we are going to have
to leave it there we are out of time
thanks so much to all our guests Naveed
Ahmed PJ Mir and Saleem Awan and thank
you too for watching you can see the
program again anytime by visiting our
website aljazeera.com and for further
discussion go to our Facebook page
that's facebook.com forward slash AJ
Inside Story you can also join the
conversation on twitter our handle is at
aj inside story for me my how much I'm
drawing the whole team here bye for now
