the Wildfire tore through neighborhoods
like this one in the city of Redding in
the middle of the night
fire crews were forced to go
door-to-door officials used loudspeakers
to tell residents to leave the wildfire
moved with such speed many had just
minutes to get out I drove up before my
mom and dad this is what I saw
their house flat I don't know how many
minutes dr. he left the house that it
went up in flames but he said he could
see the fire as he was leaving
and
so I'm just glad she made it out I'm
afraid some people may not have police
say the Wildfire was sparked by a
mechanical failure in a vehicle on
Monday but in the space of 48 hours it
had tripled in size and then on Thursday
night the blaze exploded and crossed the
Sacramento River the city of Reading
home to more than 90,000 people was in
its path
firefighters are using the term fire
tornado to describe it
firefighters are out there actively
rescuing evacuating engaging and
defending homes scorching temperatures
are forecast to continue as are the
strong ones that are fanning the flames
California's governor has declared a
state of emergency in several counties
as crews struggle to contain the fires
mandatory evacuation orders have been
issued in some cities and central
California the Ferguson fire has been
burning for two weeks visitors to
Yosemite National Park have been ordered
to evacuate
authorities say the blaze is only 25
percent contained
scientists say rising global
temperatures are leading to a high risk
of wildfires in the western United
States the fire that cut a swathe
through parts of reading has now moved
on and some people have been allowed to
return houses can be rebuilt they say
but precious possessions and in some
cases much-loved pets have been lost
forever in the speed and the ferocity of
the blaze median hond al Jazeera
