as water levels begin to recede people
start to return to their homes to clean
up to repair to salvage what they can
Monday's collapse of a newly built
hydroelectric dam in Attica province in
southern Laos flooded villages and
farmland in both Laos and neighboring
Cambodia the scale of the disaster
remains unclear information from state
media in this remote part of Laos has
been sketchy and sometimes inconsistent
many survivors tell a consistent story
however water levels rose so fast they
never experienced anything like it I
felt so desperate when I saw the sight
of the water I thought I might die the
water was rising and rising and
everything in the house was all washed
away the search for the missing
continues the Lao army and teams of
international experts are helping to
look for survivors I'm looking for my
brothers and worried about them and five
thousand people in neighboring Cambodia
have been evacuated from their homes the
water level in the sick Hong River
remains high but it appears to have Pete
here in stone Trang province it's about
twelve point four meters roughly the
same as 24 hours earlier the Cambodian
Ministry of Water Resources and
meteorology expects water levels to fall
on Saturday as water levels recede in
places villagers are questioning why
they weren't moved to safety sooner and
they are conflicting reports on when
cracks in the dam were first spotted
Florence lui al-jazeera stong Trang
province Cambodia
