fresh off a trade deal with the European
Commission US president Donald Trump
took to a steel plant warehouse in the
state of Illinois speaking to an
invitation-only crowd president said he
was celebrating a great victory rally
with nationalistic undertones and we
will not let anybody bully our wonderful
American farmers our fortunes as a
nation rise and fall together and that
is why we are going to stick together
and win for our farmers and our factory
workers our steel workers here we are
all across this nation but if Trump ever
wanted to see the divisions his trade
policies are causing he didn't have to
look too far billions of dollars in
tariffs on goods from China have helped
the local steel industry in Illinois
that's why Trump chose to speak here but
his trade policies have hurt the local
soybean farmers who ship more of their
product to China than any other state
China implemented retaliatory tariffs on
US soybean that's why earlier in the day
Trump visited farmers in the state of
Iowa he boasted that a supposed trade
break through brokered Wednesday in
Washington with European Commission
chief John Claude Jukka would avoid a
trade war with Europe and also help
American farmers but the proclaimed deal
is light on details and promised just
more talks in the future and there are
already signs that not everyone in
Europe is on board by example until next
film up you can for example in terms of
access to the American public markets
which are today primarily closed we need
clear gestures from the United States we
need signals of de-escalation zhan steel
and aluminium where illegal taxes have
been applied by the United States and in
my opinion and intervention in the
subject matters before taking any
further steps earlier this year Trump
famously said that trade wars were good
and easy to win but not everybody agrees
and now the president is finding out
that perhaps they're more difficult than
he originally imagined
Gabriel Sandow al-jazeera Washington
