US Vice President Mike Pence talked
about persecution during the first ever
State Department conference on
protecting religious freedom around the
world
pence highlighted the case of us-born
Minister Andrew Bronson jailed nearly
two years ago in Turkey on charges he
was involved in the attempted coup
against President Recep Tayyip air Dewan
but no one expected pence to say this if
Turkey does not take immediate action to
free this innocent man of faith and send
him home to America the United States
will impose significant sanctions on
Turkey
until pastor Andrew Brunson is free soon
after a tweet from President Donald
Trump confirming the threat he is
suffering greatly this innocent man of
faith should be released immediately the
Turkish Foreign Minister immediately
fired back also on Twitter no one
dictates to Turkey we will never
tolerate threats from anybody rule of
law is for everyone no exception the
fight over Bronson's legal freedom has
reignited foot seemed to be a bit of
reconciliation between the US and Turkey
Trump recently congratulated air Derwin
on winning re-election raising hopes the
two could resolve disputes over turkeys
plans to buy russian-made missile
defense systems and over u.s. support
for Kurdish fighters battling ISIL in
Syria the sanctions threat against
Turkey has overshadowed but was supposed
to be one of the trumpet ministrations
foreign policy initiatives protecting
human rights or more specifically
protecting religious freedom the
conference discussed how people's
religious beliefs make them targets for
everything from harassment to death and
what the international community can do
to protect them indeed the vice
president's speech highlighted the abuse
suffered by the row honja of Myanmar the
Yazidis of Iraq and Syria Tibetan
Buddhist at the hands of Beijing and
Jews living in Europe and the United
States but two new programs that pence
announced may do more to help small
in communities around the world then
these other people's human rights groups
say that's worrisome what was most
troubling for me was the absence of any
notion that people have the right not to
practice a faith and the notion that
people have the right not to have
someone else's faith imposed upon them
but this new conflict with Turkey may
end up overshadowing the USS efforts to
protect people's right to worship as
well as the oversight to ensure the US
doesn't impose its beliefs on other
countries
Rosalyn Jordan al Jazeera the State
Department
