cutting off the supply of Middle East
oil Saudi Arabia temporarily suspend
shipment through bab-el-mandeb streets
after two of its tankers are attacked by
eighty rebels of the coast of Yemen will
that further fuel regional tensions and
lead to higher oil prices this is inside
story
welcome to the program
I'm Peter Dhabi petrol prices could soon
be on the way up because of the war in
Yemen and sanctions being reimpose on
Iran Saudi Arabia has ordered its oil
tankers to stop sailing through the
bab-el-mandeb Strait of the coast of
Yemen after two others were attacked
if ships on their way to the Suez Canal
and Beyond can't use this vital Seaway
reroute all the way around South Africa
will add weeks to delivery times and
push up the cost of oil and other
products Houthi rebels have been
fighting in Yemen for the past three
years they're backed by Iran and face a
coalition of countries led by major oil
producers Saudi Arabia and the United
Arab Emirates they also used the Strait
of Hormuz to export their oil worldwide
but the Gateway to the Gulf is also a
hostage to tensions between Washington
and Tehran Iran's leaders have warned
they'll shut the Strait if the u.s.
halts Iranian oil exports Donald Trump's
reimposing sanctions after pulling out
of the nuclear deal the Americans say
they would not allow Iran to export even
one drop of oil do you think Iran is
that weak what are you thinking
definitely and certainly you cannot do
such a thing we will stand up to you we
are men of resistance the entire Iranian
nation will resist major-general Qasem
Soleimani from Iran's Revolutionary
Guard said this on Thursday quotes the
Red Sea which was secure is no longer
secure with the American presence Trump
should know that we are a nation of
martyrdom and that we await him okay
let's introduce our guests today joining
us from London is dr. mundo Salome an
international oil economists from
Washington DC we have assumed our algo
Seine she's the CEO of algo same global
strategies a political and business firm
with with projects in the US and the
Middle East and we also have Mustafa
cross session a political commentator
joining us live from Tehran welcome to
all of you ma'am - Salome in London
first what are the Houthi rebels trying
to achieve here they are trying to
impact on Saudi oil export
and also to show that they have the
upper hand in Yemen the war in Yemen has
been costly for Saudi Arabia and the
United Arab Emirates and the Houthis are
trying to show the you know the Saudi
Arabia and UE
that continuing the war will not give
them any benefit in the future and it's
better to come to the negotiating table
so they are using their attacks on the
Destroyers of Saudi Arabia and UAE and
the tankers to put pressure on the Saudi
government possible in Washington
potentially what could this do to the
oil price I think definitely we should
expect the oil prices continue to
increase we've seen under the Trump
administration over fourth of July
weekend that oil prices got the prices
at the pump for American citizens were
the highest they have been in four years
and for whatever reason the Trump
administration allows Mohammed bin
Salman and Saudi Arabia to act very
aggressively in the region completely
untracked unchecked or in fact with US
support as we know the Houthis are
backed by Iran and Saudi Arabia has
blocked this important Strait which
raises a question of whether or not Iran
will then block the Strait of Hormuz in
a retaliatory effort the Strait of
Hormuz is extremely significant because
over 20% of the world's entire oil flows
through that and it is the opening from
the Persian Gulf out into the sea
Mostafa coast regime in Tehran so
clearly the Houthis are deliberately
trying to hit the Saudis where it hurts
ie Aramco well thank you very much for
having me on the show again you know the
point is that there have been some
misunderstandings in here because and so
a lot of Yemen they have been
reiterating since last night that they
have targeted warships and not crude
vessels while Saudi official
including their Energy Minister they are
insisting that their crude vessels have
been targeted and I have not personally
seen any proof of evidence to decide who
is telling the truth but a nation that
has been under attack by the Saudis and
a number of other nations for the last
several years and 17,000 people have
been killed in that country the country
is under siege and there are many
diseases and epidemic diseases in there
like cholera and they are under much
pressure they have every right to defend
themselves
one more point actually with regard to
major general Qasem Soleimani there have
been some miss codes so that started
actually from here and I've seen many
reports continuing this miss report with
regard to the Red Sea he never said that
we have done or you know we are making
the US president insecure in there he
said that the United States has done
meddling in the Red Sea like many other
regions in the world and that their
region the Red Sea is now insecure even
for the Americans themselves so that
doesn't mean a threat actually that was
you know stating his assessment of the
United States military plans in the
Middle East with regard to Iran it's no
secret that Iran has options available
to increase the crude prices you know if
crude prices rise more than some
specific levels then rallying
international support for sanctions
would be a very difficult and cumbersome
task for the Donald Trump and his
administration okay just just a pause
you there for a second because I I do
want to keep on talking to the other two
guests so in 30 seconds though would you
accept that what has happened whether
it's oil tankers plural or a warship
singular doesn't really matter would you
accept two points point number one the
symbolism here is huge and point number
two arguably it has Iranian fingerprints
on it I don't believe that Iranian is
have been involved not at all because if
Iran means to increase the oil prices
through such moves then it needs to take
a very tough and strong and much more
powerful action in order to boost prices
are $10 plus but such an action by the
ansarullah movement it could probably
increase prices for no more than a few
dollars from maybe one or two dollars
not more for a very limited short period
of time because many energy consumers
would enter the scene in order to ensure
the free flow of oil in bubbleman death
so if Iran wants to play some kind of
counter strategy against the US
sanctions then it needs to take a much
more powerful action I don't believe
that Iran has been involved remember
telling me in London does this mean that
her data becomes even more of a
battlefield than it has been to date
because who died is crucial to taking
the tension out of this conflict because
of humanitarian aid and because of trade
it will indeed but the most important
thing is the Strait of bab-el-mandeb
through which a lot millions of barrels
of oil paths every day and its way to
Europe for Saudi Arabia and the United
Arab Emirates to a great extent most of
their oil goes to the Asia Pacific
region so they can bypass the Strait of
bab-el-mandeb but for oil destined for
the European Union countries it has to
pass through the bab-el-mandeb and any
way any threat to the routes through
which the oil tankers go add to the
price of oil it might not be much but
for the time being it will add one or
two dollars that is not much at a time
when prices anyway are going to go up
based on the positive fundamentals of
the global oil market personal Kasane in
Washington Bahrain the Bahraini
authorities on our record is saying they
want immediate
global action what does that mean well I
think that's a very important call from
the Bahrainis but we need to understand
that Bahrain is part of the Saudi
coalition against the Houthis first of
all second of all we need to understand
that this oil the oil prices are an
incredibly important domestic political
issue in the United States and of course
in Europe as well and so while the
Saudis and the Emiratis may not be so
concerned with the bab-el-mandeb cross
route that doesn't change the fact that
the international community should be
extremely concerned and as you rightly
pointed out earlier the port a tell who
data is extremely important because that
is the access point for essentially all
goods and services from the sea to reach
the Yemeni people both in items to get
out and as you pointed out the
humanitarian supplies to get in as we
all know the cholera epidemic in Yemen
has reached just AP's
absolutely exponential men numbers and
it's continuing to grow and there's
really no excuse for it because cholera
is something that we do have medical
solutions for and so we continue to see
massive amounts of civilians suffering
at the hands of the saudi-led coalition
and they constantly use you know who T
rebels and not wanting weapons to be
transferred into Yemen to support the
Hutu rebels as an excuse to not allow a
number of humanitarian aid to get in and
so I think it is very important for the
United States and for Europe to place
pressure on Saudi Arabia and on the
United Arab Emirates to allow for more
humanitarian support there and to
pressure them to come to the negotiating
table with the Houthi rebels so we don't
see this continue to escalate because as
I pointed out earlier Iran if they so
choose
could cut off the Strait of Hormuz which
would have extremely detrimental impacts
I think that a total cut off is unlikely
because they also collect
tariffs from all ships passing through
the Strait of Hormuz and so they like
some ships passing but we wouldn't be
out of the question to have them
temporarily restrict certain exports
which would concur could cause a
egregious detriment to the United States
and European economies if not the
economy worldwide Mustapha crashing from
your vantage point what will happen if
that call from the Bahrain ease for
international immediate global help
falls on deaf ears and there's no help
coming over the horizon well I do
believe for much of the statements made
by your other guests from Washington is
true that the Yemenis are under a tight
siege there is a catastrophe a disaster
in there and the international community
especially the UN should play a major
role in resolving this problem through
forcing Saudi Arabia and its coalition
to stop attacks on the nation and
resolve this problem for the sake of
humanitarian causes
in the meantime I believe that Saudi
Arabia and its allies are trying to make
some kind of propaganda out of this of
saying that there is a very immediate
hazard and threat to the free flow of
energy to parts of the world then energy
consumers would be surely sensitive and
they would come onto the scene to lay
pressure on the Houthis or in salalah
movement in order to you know push them
back from Kidada and that that's what
they are doing I believe much more need
of much more power is needed to be
placed on the Saudis to step back and so
far they and the UAE have failed to you
know capture ho de deport and there is
no reason or sign
to for us to believe that they could do
it in future but what they are doing is
wreaking havoc on the nation that that's
what is needed that's the immediate of
you know necessity
ma'am do is there more than a grain of
truth there to what Mustapha is saying
given that Saudi Arabia is oil you know
despite MBS reinventing the economy
allegedly over the next five to ten
years you know
employing Saudis in proper jobs instead
of just enjoying the profit margin off a
massive oil industry why can't they just
flip the oil supply supply from the east
of the country to the west they've got
the ships they've got the infrastructure
they've got the pipelines because the
bulk of the installations and terminals
for loading the Saudi oil are in the
eastern part of Saudi Arabia
however Saudi Arabia has a pipeline oil
pipeline which can transmit the oil from
the east to the yumbo port on the Red
Sea and that is that oil pipeline was
built by Iraqi money during the
iraq-iran war so as to let Iraqi exports
go through and avoid the Strait of
Hormuz the Saudis have expanded that in
fact doubled its capacity to 4 million
barrels and they are capable in this
case of exporting 4 million barrels
through that pipeline thus bypassing the
Strait of bab-el-mandeb and also
bypassing in the future the Strait of
Hormuz so the Saudis have managed well
with that at least half of their oil
exports will go there but however
through that pipeline the exports will
have to go to Europe because remember
most of the Saudi oil exports go to the
Asia Pacific region so they have to pass
the Strait of Hormuz but they can bypass
the Strait of bab-el-mandeb and goes the
Asia Pacific region
however for their exports to Europe they
can easily manage through the Red Sea
Suez Canal to Europe so as for the
installations itself and the oil
you remember all the oilfields if not
the overwhelming majority of the Saudi
oil fields are located in the eastern
part of Saudi Arabia so they can
transmit the oil to the Red Sea but
their installations and their terminal
will remain all the time in the eastern
part of Saudi Arabia
is there a chance that if this incident
gets purchased outside the immediate
area the whole situation could get worse
before it gets better because people
might use it as a springboard to kind of
reinvigorate their standing approach to
their relationship say with Saudi Arabia
Donald Trump you know a couple of months
back he had the big thing saying twelve
and a half billion dollars worth of a
deal with Saudi Arabia he's got a very
specific attitude towards the crown
prince and clearly a very specific
attitude towards Iran as well exactly
and that is one of my primary concerns
because I think that the Trump
administration has allowed the Saudi
regime to operate largely unchecked and
is using hatred towards Iran in the
United States and in Saudi Arabia and in
Israel as a political talking point
domestically a lot of the general
population doesn't understand the
linkages between oil prices and these
different straights and points of entry
and how this aggressive behavior by
Saudi Arabia is increasing the price of
oil down to the consumer level I think
that it's very frustrating to see Donald
Trump so supportive of the Saudi Arabia
interests almost to the detriment of the
United States I think it would serve us
much better in the United States if he
took a slightly more balanced approach
gave credit where credit was due we
already know that Iran was complying
with the Iran deal despite that
president Trump chose to pull out of it
and it's caused a number of issues and
now he as you know President Trump has
has talked about imposing secondary
sanctions on countries that operate and
do business with
which raises a number of sovereignty
issues and also places tension on our
relations with those separate nations
including many European traditional
allies Mustafa in Tehran what are the
chances as well that this pushes Tehran
onto the back foot and it also pushes
Saudi Arabia onto the back foot as well
because they might have to rebalance
what they do with their warships that
are at sea off the coast of Yemen and
they might literally have to move them
down and around the coast so what
they've been doing of that south eastern
coast they'll have to start doing off
the southwestern coast well you know
Iran has been conducting anti-piracy
patrols in bada bubble man death by the
Navy since 2006 according to
international laws and according to you
know facts present facts we know that
they have never been involved in Yemen
story or they have never had any problem
with the Saudis or others they have
actually rescued thousands of foreign
and non Iranian ships that have come
under attack by pirates in that region
in all throughout the last 12 years so
Iran is not present in their mill in
military terms as regards Yemen Saudi
Arabia problem the point is that the
Saudis have been you know supporting
terrorist groups across the Middle East
they have been helping pal rein clamp
down and a democracy seeking movement of
the people for the last several years
they waged the war on Yemen and they
have been even threatening a war against
Iran you know or the crown for it prince
and de facto ruler ruler Mohammed bin
Salman said just months ago that they
intend to take the war to Tehran and
then less than a month later we saw a
couple of terrorist attacks by ISIL or -
at the Iranian parliament animal from a
knee shrine and this means that they are
only escalating tensions in this region
if the world especially energy consumers
intend to guarantee the security of
supplies they need to
so the rulers I'm gonna have to
interrupt you one more time we'll
apologize I just wanna get your closing
thoughts because we are approaching the
end of the program Mambu Salome in
London so we're talking about a proxy
war here but there were predictions that
this kind of incident was going to
happen predictions going back 1215
months why is it happening now well it's
by accident it happened but since the
Houthis have achieved some success now
of deterring Saudi oil exports through
the bab-el-mandeb Strait they will be
emboldened to do more of that and that
will continue however I make a point
that the Saudis decision the Saudi
decision-makers should read history the
British Empire refrained from occupying
North Yemen and limited itself to South
Yemen in Aden simply because the
topography of Yemen
nobody can suppress Yemen and occupy it
and stay there if that is the case they
should learn that they must cut their
losses and leave Yemen or at least
endeavor to reach a peace treaty with
the Houthis and leave Yemen alone in
that case the Yemen will not be a threat
to Saudi Arabia nor will bubble Mundi be
threat to oil there is another point I
want to mention which our colleague from
Washington mentioned recently as vice
principal Wilson I advise Prince
Mohammed bin Salman not to invest money
in the United States because of the risk
of litigation in relation to 9/11 you
know that the Congress has agreed a law
in 2016
overwhelmingly which lifts the immunity
of governments whose citizens were
involved in nine
any case any single case raised by an
American citizen means that the American
government will freeze all assets and
funds of Saudi understood he wanted to
come in there on that point of the 9/11
people yes so the my colleague in the
Middle East is correct and that he says
Congress passed that bill it's called
Jassa the justice against state sponsors
against terrorism act it passed with
overwhelming popularity in Congress
because of popular support among the
American public however President Obama
vetoed that bill precisely because he
understood how detrimental that could
put the United States in a position with
our Middle Eastern allies and as we know
some of these governments including the
Saudi Arabian government the Emirati
government and Qatar have worked very
closely with the United States on at
least eradicating state sponsorship of
terrorism and cooperating with the
United States and trying to identify
internal terrorist groups of course
there's a lot more work to be done
industry but that law is not actually
active and present on the book mustafa
kesheshian in Tehran in the next 20
seconds tell me this clearly Donald
Trump will not get the Saudis reined in
that's never going to happen there's
nobody to rein in the Iranians there's
plenty of people who would like to bomb
Iran that's a matter of record so what
are the chances that the Iranians step
back from this I believe that the
Europeans and Americans should act much
more wisely when Iran has so many
options including checking of the you
know of Saudi all vessels or trafficking
or moving in the Strait of Hormuz so
okay oh the last option I believe is
that they should they should hold back
their threats and the Europeans should
rush to you know come to provide Iran
with it's needed guarantees for keeping
the nuclear deal otherwise energy prices
might skyrocket and we may experience an
oil shock simmer
- 1973 okay we have to leave it there
thanks to all our guests ma'am - salami
bassinet I'll go sane and we'll staff
across Ketchum and thank you to you for
your company you can see the program
again anytime by going to the website al
Jazeera comm for further discussion
check out our Facebook page facebook.com
forward slash AJ Inside Story you can
also talk to us on Twitter at AJ inside
story or at Peter w1 from me Peter Dobie
and the team here in Doha thanks for
watching see you tomorrow
you
you
