when US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo
entered the hearing room he knew what
was coming
criticism of President Donald Trump's
recent closed-door meeting with Russian
President Vladimir Putin I think you're
a patriot tremendous faith in mattis but
it's the president's actions that create
tremendous distrust Pompeius response
demonstrate just how tough the
administration has already been on
Russia over 200 sanctions 200 sanctions
senator is reflective of this admission
administration's steadfastness with
respect to our willingness to push back
against Russia
Pompeyo also said the president doesn't
question what happened during the 2016
presidential election he accepts our
intelligence community's conclusion that
Russia meddled in the 2016 election he
has a complete and proper understanding
of what happened
I know i briefed him on it for over a
year but the Senators skepticism was
bipartisan and considerable compare the
following Barack Obama speaking tough on
Russia and doing nothing those are true
it is trying to scene you want to
rewrite the Obama policy on Russia the
remarks reported by Russian news agency
summed up the mood
that mr. Trump sided with the Kremlin
over his own intelligence agencies so
there the Russian media characterizing a
meeting and we have no readout to
dispute any of it
Pompeyo did get to talk about ending
North Korea's nuclear weapons program
and about curbing Iran's influence
around the Middle East but at the end
the hearings focus returned to Trump's
statements in Helsinki and the panel's
top Democrat was having none of it
please don't talk to me about politics I
want to talk about politics if President
Obama did what President Trump did in
Helsinki I'd be peeling you off the
capitol stealing my pond pails job on
Wednesday was to defend president
Trump's Russia policy he was vigorous in
his testimony but it doesn't appear he
changed any minds
at least on the Senate panel Rosalynn
Thornton al-jazeera Capitol Hill
