lifeguard scour the sea where hundreds
fled for their lives many people are
still missing including children a
relief efforts underway to get supplies
to those in need two and a half thousand
homes have been completely destroyed
four thousand are uninhabitable many
survivors have been relocated to hotels
in the capital as the search continues
the death toll is expected to rise our
estimation is that we're moving closely
to a third three-digit number
imagine that from mountain to the shore
the time that the fire needed was about
10 to 15 minutes so it was not possible
to evacuate the whole area you will need
approximately one hour in to do so some
locals have returned to a town they
scarcely recognize this is where 26
people died their bodies were found
locked together at the top of a cliff in
a final embrace the owners of this land
had opened their gates to allow people
to flee down to the sea but the fire
swept through here at such speed and
such force they had no chance of escape
the place it was my paradise but now
it's gone the owner's son saw everything
the fire was in front of them so it was
impossible even if they knew how to
access the beach to go there because
there was already fire in front of them
behind them they were trapped there were
kids small kids were taking them down
the cliffs old ages a pregnant lady I
was helping them until a certain point
then I I said myself myself - we've lost
everything everything
without rain the most effective defense
Greeks have is the sea water scoop from
the Aegean is flown to fire still
smouldering in the hills in this parched
brittle landscape small fires can
quickly become infernos in the town of
mati the cleanup has begun streets
normally bustling with holiday makers
are clocked with burnt-out cars the
blaze was so intense it turned metal
into liquid many seaside businesses were
relying on a profitable summer season
now they're salvaging what they can
Greece is no stranger to wildfires but
many public services including the fire
service have been crippled by years of
austerity the full scale of this
disaster is still unfolding but the
authorities are investigating the
possibility some of the fires were
started deliberately whatever the causes
the consequences have ruined homes and
destroyed lives Nev Barca al Jazeera
Matty
