German or Turkish footballer mess at
azules resignation from the German
national team has triggered the debate
on racism and integration so how will
Germany's and Europe's multicultural
societies deal with the issue this is
inside story
hello and welcome to the program I'm
Peter Dhabi racism and disrespect those
were the reasons Mesut özil gave for
quitting the german national team after
being blamed for Germany's shock defeat
in the first round of this year's World
Cup he created a media storm after
having his picture taken with the
turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan
in May critics began to question his
loyalty and they accused him of loving
Turkey more than Germany as all was born
in Germany to a Turkish family the
German Football Association has rejected
a Saul's claim of racism they did
however concede they could have done
more to protect him we'll be discussing
those issues with our panel in a moment
but first
Dominic Kane sets up today's discussion
from Berlin his international career is
over
now club duties with Arsenal have taken
measured Iselle to the Far East but in
his absence the fallout from his
retirement is reverberating around
Germany the newspapers have seized on
his statement in which he pointed the
finger at the German Football
Association specifically at its
president Hine had glinda accusing him
of having a racially discriminated
background
özil has been in the spotlight for his
off-the-field actions since this moment
posing with the Turkish president both
alone and with other German players who
have Turkish roots red chip type erawan
is a divisive figure in Germany as are
the policies of his government but in
the Turkish community in Berlin even
among those who oppose erawan many
support Herzl about this must be Kempen
begin fighting racism begins with
showing people where the limits are
we've had enough someone needs to say
that to the German Football Federation
that all players with non German
backgrounds are welcome and we will make
sure that you feel well in Germany if
you have a second or third home that's
okay but you're here and you're a part
of our society some in the football
world here remember what happened after
France won the World Cup in 1998 how
that multicultural team acted as a
catalyst for the then German hierarchy
to change its thinking first of all they
tried more integration they tried to
build up more
schools and as you see it worked in with
the u21 in 2009 and whether with the
team in 2014 in Brazil you know the if
there is success nobody discusses where
they come from and yet after this
summer's French victory in Russia some
did highlight the racial background of
that team with one comedian describing
the victory as Africa winning the World
Cup something French officials angrily
dismissed saying there is no - in
people's nationality they are French and
only French here in Berlin Meza Azul
does have one very powerful ally Angela
Merkel says she values him as a great
footballer who did a lot for the
national team and in his career he wore
the national jersey 92 times scoring 23
goals and helping his team to win the
World Cup but now he says the levels of
racism and disrespect he's received mean
he will never wear this again Dominic
Kane al-jazeera Berlin
okay let's bring in our guests joining
us today here on Inside Story from
Ankara Yousef Connolly a Turkish
journalist and formerly the editor of
the Harrogate Daily News out of Berlin
we'll be talking to Eric Lassa football
commentator and a radio host and in
Brussels Julien Dewar's French sports
journalist and writer welcome to you all
gentlemen Youssef can lien Ankara first
is he German or is he Turkish of course
he's a Turkish chairman like me I'm a
Turkish Cypriot no one can deny my
Cypriot Nasser my Turkishness and mr.
Dalzell is a German of Turkish origin
and he is proud or being Turk and being
a German and that's what he has been
saying all along anyhow therefore
thinking that his idea or ignoring his
Turkish background or denying East
German identity would of course be
racist approach to the issue and that's
why he was very furious with the
treatment he received success when he
was successful he was a German when he
was all sexual he was a Turk this of
course unacceptable Eric Lassard in
Berlin can he really be both well
officially he's a German citizen he has
played for the German national team and
the u21 national team and his roots of
course his parents and all his ancestors
they are Turkish and for sure he was
raised in Gelsenkirchen
were many people from Turkey are staying
and living and I guess when he was a
young guy he was talking more Turkish
than a German language Chilean do is in
Brussels player of the year five times
how do you go from being so incredibly
naturally successful on the pitch to
saying I've had enough I can't do this
well in the end I think the political
side of this affair has made him say he
can't do it anymore because you know a
footballer is also a human being and
mezu to zeal as a man of two cultures
can't understand why he's been such
criticized by representing his roots and
in the end he counts like jus his job
anymore in proper conditions Yusuf in
Ankara what does this say about football
in Germany or perhaps about people who
would describe themselves as being
football fans in Germany of course the
Turks were proud of seeing Israel in the
German National League national team or
his success his reports that Arsenal
would hire him I mean he's made big news
in Turkey nowadays as well the Sports is
sports and soccer is very important in
Turkey as well as it is in any other
part of the world
you know at his hometown street was
named after him and now they are
changing the photograph of him there
previously it was as in in a German
national team suited now one shaking
hands with Iran it's of course important
he's a public figure but if you allow me
I've been a footballer posing with a
political figure might not be the best
thing to do but criticizing him for that
or accusing of him being mortal or what
whatever I can their stand or
discriminating him because of death is
equally bad Eric Lassard ballers posed
with politicians all the time we saw the
French president Emmanuel macron
wrapping himself up in the flag when
he's his team did very very very well at
the World Cup this comes down to at some
level surely the nature of mr. Erdogan
because that's why the racist comments
were made because it was a reaction to
mr. Erdogan's tough-guy image
I mean everybody knew when Aragon and
and Raziel took this picture together
that a couple of weeks after that in
Turkey they had elections everyone knew
it and I'm quite sure that Mesut özil
knew that also I will not blame him for
that because his roots
a Turkish no doubt about it but I will
blame his advisers they took advantage
of him for many years now they achieved
his bank account and their own of course
but this advice they gave him to pose
with arrogant for this pig was wrong
Julian doers in Brussels are there
bigger social issues in play here
Dominic Kane our Berlin correspondent
there was talking about the argument
that's arisen between France and a cable
news network anchor who was talking
about the World Cup having been won by
courts Africa and then you get into that
whole territory of ownership who owns it
where do people come from etc and then
that plays into the multicultural debate
well the situation is kind of
complicated in France because if you
take the victory at the World Cup 20
years ago the players were were taken as
example for multiculturality and they
were given a role that isn't their role
their role is actually to play football
on the pitch and 20 years later the
players just wanted to represent France
they all saw themselves as French
players for example if you take the
defender bahama Mandi he answered to a
tweet who tried to show all the origins
of the French players by responding with
23 French flags showing that all the
players see themselves as French and
they and so it's not really
understandable in France that abroad
some people no matter there are people
from the street or anchorman talk about
the the victory of the African team also
because in France this debate
is historically extreme right-wing
debates when you speak about the African
origins of some players you answer the
extreme right wing game and that's it
this is something we don't want we don't
want to do anymore because it would
actually just ruin the joy of winning
the World Cup era class what's your
reading of how the German FA the DFB
handled this because they at one point
said we need an explanation they already
had an explanation but it didn't seem to
get any traction with them well the the
DFB has made the mistake just before the
World Cup did start after this pictures
were published with Aragon we still at
guna wana do not forget the other guy
there was a press meeting in preparation
of the World Cup and they asked a goon
ogon to talk to the press people of
Germany and he did it and nevertheless
and in the first match after that the
people in the stadium they were shouting
on gunawan and they didn't like his
appearance now for Germany Brazil didn't
talk to the press he didn't talk at all
until last Sunday and that was a big
mistake the the DFB should have forced
him to give at least a small statement
why he has done this picture at this
point of the year was mr. Erdogan so
they missed it and now they belong to
the group of the losers
okay let's pause for a second and take a
closer look at how prevalent racism is
in football in June after Sweden's
defeat at the World Cup Swedish player
Jimmy Dumas was criticized for his
performance and racially abused on
social media earlier this year Belgian
me she patchy who was playing for the
German club Borussia Dortmund during a
Europa League game in Italy was
subjected to racist monkey chants from
Atalanta fans in January jefferson lemma
the colombian central midfielder who
plays for spain's Levante says he was
abused on the pitch by a CELTA bigger
striker and leon balligan and antony
Yuja both players for local German teams
said they
reviews by some fans during the warm-up
before a domestic game Yousuf Canley in
Ankara how is this being not reported in
Turkey how how is this being perceived
in Turkey is there any question in
Turkey that this is racism yes
by and large there is almost an
agreement in all ante and pro-government
circles in media which is pro
anti-government is getting less and less
idea that this is a racist move and as
Zeile acted in a manner defending it's
not his National Honor this is the
general perception as I said it his
hometown replaced the photograph of him
at a street named after him removed the
photographic German the colors and
instead put of a put one with the elder
and shaking hands this has become a
national sentiment but don't forget this
decision or this move came immediately
after the NSU trial where Germany even
the Chancellor Merkel said
admitted that there was a problem in
Germany regarding treatment of
minorities or the foreigners Eric lesser
if we just brought this out for a second
we we live in a time particularly in the
context of Europe of identity politics
do we now have to face up to a reality
we live in a time as well of identity
sport where people want to mislabel or
real able individual players and then
say the worst things ever that you can
say about somebody
well I think we have the same opinion
about upcoming racism and the strong
right wings in in every almost every
country in Europe and the Germany has
the same problem ten years ago when
there were guys like Khedira originally
from Tunisia or Raziel from Turkey or
Boateng whose father is from Ghana there
was not a problem you have idiots in the
stadium everywhere when they see dark
guys and they do not belong to their own
team they shout on them and they do this
monkey sound in something like that but
it's getting stronger now as in general
in the society racism and the red wing
are getting stronger everywhere Julian
do is in Brussels
why is football getting more and more
therefore politicized is it just that
it's so incredibly popular and you've
got that blend now of lots of money and
lots of good players you know finding
their way around the world because they
say come to Europe on a good deal they
get the passport but they don't deserve
what this individual was on the
receiving end of that's actually a good
question because it's quite paradoxical
if you take the the ultras in the stands
they claim for non political football
and as the club's has become
multinational companies they also don't
want a football to be involved with
politics other ways like universal
values like fighting homophobia I have
fighting racism fighting and she
Semitism but the thing is the players
have become naturalised products and
they tend to to be to become more and
more neutral and the fact that some
political incidents occur at that time
might reassure us that they are still
humans and that football is still a
human game and no no matter how much
money is involved you cannot take the
feelings out of a human being and you
cannot yeah
so take a take of the the fights he
wants to make in order to represent his
roots or to represent his personality
and that's the same for everyone which
is involved in in football Eric Lassard
it has been a long a long ongoing
campaign get risk
kick racism out of football that's been
there for what 10 15 years now if you're
right and there's more racism in the
game do we need to go back to basics on
this because clearly they get racism out
of the game campaign it's not working
well if you think of the World Cup in
Russia many people before the World Cup
they said oh Russia they have problems
with homophobia and something like that
they don't like black people we didn't
see that during the World Cup so you
can't say it was not successful but in
in many cities where you have social
problems I mean Paris is a good example
Berlin is another example in in many
cities like that that the people go to
the stadium and they want to live out
their emotions and if they read every
day in the newspapers or watch
television and they get anxious about
foreign people they they'll let their
emotions out then in the stadium and
that's how racism works in in the brains
of the people Yusef in Ankara is that
how politics works in the brains of the
people to pick up that phrase there from
Eric where you are because if if one has
engaged at all when basick - play
Galatasaray that's not football okay
there's a game going on on the pitch but
it's also tribalism it's about loyalty
it's about politics and it's it's always
a dog whistle match unfortunate the
reality of live in belonging or the
identity or the people I mean how can
you deny it
have kid how can he denied if a
president of a country invites you for a
cup of tea in London how can you say no
if you are offered a photo opportunity
with the president how can you say no
whether you like it or not it's
difficult to say no particularly for a
political soccer player how can you say
no or if he is proper person afghani say
no because politics and sports NGO
rightly said are interrelated that the
politicians are very much aware of the
importance of football in everyday life
and they exploit it to the maximum to
get a few more votes and indeed the
whole affair around Raziel is entrance
push for some more publicity to get away
with the embargoes imposed on him in
European arenas during the campaign and
he tried to reach as much people as
possible to reach that photo crafted
such deals I may dislike it yes but this
is one way one tactical politics to
exploit everything possible or to use
whatever platform you have to pass on
the message Eric we should perhaps just
the sake of clarity restate what he said
when this whole controversy blew up and
he was on the receiving end of this
racist abuse on various social media
platforms he said look I went along out
of respect for the office of the
presidency not necessarily for the
President himself he didn't go there out
of respect or political support for her
Dewan his line is it was it was for the
seal of the office Eric if if the German
FA is to do something more to get around
this issue or to destroy this issue
because there is clearly question there
are clearly questions to be asked here
what can it do and would the German FA
take him back
no for sure not and I don't agree with
with the official opinion of method I
mean he knew everyone he knew about the
elections coming up in Turkey and he
knew of course that this picture would
be a public relation for mr. Erdogan so
never talk about just about the
president we are talking about the
president Aragon and Oziel knew also
that in Germany many people don't like
mr. Erdogan and his politics he was
talking about bringing Turkey closer to
Europe in fact he did just the opposite
thing so to the causa
ersal I think he's gone he's gone for
Germany now he's gone for the national
team and there will no comeback ever be
Julian do is he'll never make a comeback
will world football come back from this
or is world football heading into a dark
time when it comes to those those
relationships between individual players
the relationships between individual
countries well I think it's just the
beginning of a long story which never
gonna end actually it's not the first
case won't be the last one and you have
to make a difference between club
football and national team football
which are two very different things I
mean in the first case no matter where
you come from no matter what you
represent as long as you play correctly
on the pitch for the for the club when
when it comes to the national team well
some players will always have a double
identity and it always depends of the
people who they represent I mean here in
Western Europe the fans are very
attached to the to the shirt to to the
crest and they're very keen on where
when they're representants to play for
their country the country of the fans
who cheer for them and in in that in
that case Mesut özil and many other
player
all over the world we always have the
right to have two identities but they
also have to understand then the fans
don't understand when they give their
heart like Mesut özil said to two
countries because for them there is only
one team one shot one nation okay we
will have to leave it there gentlemen
thank you very much thanks to our guests
Youssef Canley Erik Laster and Julien
doers and thank you to you too for your
company in the last half-hour you can
see the show again any time by going to
the website al-jazeera calm and for
further discussion go to our Facebook
page that's facebook.com/ /aj inside
story can also join the conversation on
twitter our handle is at aj inside story
or you can tweet me I'll switch you back
I'm at Peter w1 from me Peter Dhabi and
the team here in Doha thanks for
watching we'll do it at the same time
again tomorrow
