hello my name is Emma
whispers friend a.s.m.r and you are in
the stream are you feeling anything yes
you are going to need a pair of really
good headphones for today's show I am
for me okay today we are diving into the
world of autonomous sensory meridian
response or ASMR now the term is used to
describe the sensation people feel when
they watch certain types of stimulating
videos so do you find the sound of
whispers soothing does listening to
someone crinkle wrapping-paper low you
like a lullaby if so you're probably one
of the millions of people pouring
through ASMR videos on YouTube but is
there more to it than brain tingles
joining us to talk about this in
Singapore Melinda Lau she's the
co-creator and artistic director of
whisper lodge an immersive spa for the
senses in New York comedian and ASMR
enthusiastic youth Glaser in the studio
we have Craig Richard he's professor of
biopharmaceutical sciences as Shannon
dog university he also founded the ASMR
University and that was in an effort to
encourage a research and in London
you've already seen her and heard her
Emma Smith is an ASMR artist so hello
everyone good to have you here Emma and
then we're people watching the show at
the row top of the show we'll be
thinking what on earth is going on here
explain ASMR is a tingly sensation it's
very relaxing it usually begins in the
crown of your head and works its way
down the back of your head down your
spine often through your limbs it's
triggered by certain
sounds soft voices someone playing with
your hair drawing letters on your back
but ultimately the best way to describe
it is that it's an extremely relaxing
calming feeling and I make videos on
YouTube along with lots and lots of
other people we use different sounds and
our voices to trigger that feeling in
the viewer and people who experienced it
are so calm that they're able to fall
asleep that they're able to feel happy
and rested and all kinds of different
things that people are using the videos
for so many different things MOU ASM
oaring us right now are you doing it on
us right now I think you might be yes
you are
let me share this with you this I am
falling asleep yes but for a good reason
whoo stay with us viewers don't fall
asleep
yes exactly Tim Lewis on Twitter because
I was talking about Craig what we were
doing today and I said this is ASMR and
Tim says I had to Google I had no idea
what this is it's quite new in terms of
giving it a name you're right
yeah the name didn't get create until
2010 before that it was referred to as
brain orgasm right some people were
uncomfortable talking about again
because I want everyone to hear this
that it used to be more so known as a
brain orgasm so before 2010 that's what
people called it but Jennifer Allen
decided in 2010 that she and others were
not comfortable referring to it as a
brain orgasm but what is just more so a
very deeply relaxing experience so she
gave it this more clinical sounding name
of autonomous sensory meridian response
and as a researcher I super appreciate
that because when I go to research
conferences and I share data about ASMR
it's much easier for me to submit my
abstract to a scientific community and
have it have the words autonomous
sensory meridian response in it instead
of brain orgasm although it might get
more read if it was caused by the former
name true I would get more people
reading my papers looking at it how did
you find ASM
it's funny because I guess I found it
right when it was coined because I was
just one night I just stumbled upon a
video of a foot being massaged and I
really wanted a foot massage at the
moment and just watching it gave me the
feeling that maybe my foot was being
massaged but then I just started getting
this feeling that I had felt throughout
my childhood at very pivotal moments
where I just felt it's what has been
described this extreme relaxation that
starts in the crown of your head and
goes down your spine and all of a sudden
I was like oh my god it's happening and
I'm making it happen and then I just
started going down this wormhole with
massage videos and then you eventually
start to see ASMR come up in the titles
and I was like what's that and then it
turned it over the whole world Craig you
know they go ahead yes it's and that's
how people stumble across it they start
searching for something relaxing and
then they end up coming across this what
is this ASMR and they find all these
videos and once you start with one it's
like the chip thing once you start with
one you have to try another one you have
to try another one and it's great
because there's such a diversity of ASMR
videos that if you don't like the first
one or the second one you just keep
trying more because there's thousands of
artists who are each creating hundreds
of videos I'm looking at something
called the whisper Lodge which is a
sensory spa which I have never heard of
Melinda can you explain what it is what
is it that you're doing sure so we are
an immersive performance company and I
have always had ASMR so it was such a
pleasure for me to kind of combine both
of my interests and create a performance
that essentially is a spa we're all
performers are ASMR guides and all
guests are sort of like clients or as we
call them guests coming through this
sensory spa it's it's great what Melinda
does because most of us first experience
a smart unintentionally like say it's
from a hairdresser or the attention of a
teacher someone given us personal
attention but what Melinda has created
is intentional
SMR so it's like if you want to go and
get a massage you go to a professional
masseuse if you want the world's best a
smart experienced in person with someone
you're not going to ask your teacher or
your hairdresser to give you that
experience you're gonna go to a place
like Melinda offers for intentional ASMR
sessions right and it's really amazing
as well I've been there myself and
Melinda's hairless is just oh my
goodness she's got the most beautiful
corner okay and she was and she I went
into her room her experience and she was
doing what we would normally do in a
video but to my face which was really a
different experience for me and she just
got very simply got a cotton bud and
started running it over the top of my
ear and talking to me and it was so
nurturing and so lovely I want to do it
all again
but yes whisper Lodge is fantastic I
remember I want you to tell a lot of
what we do it's like um
so much influenced by what you guys do
online
I mean how we develop the in-person
practice is basically by studying what
all the ears and my youtubers are doing
and then trying to translate that into
something tangible yeah and it works it
works really well I can't wait to do it
to people myself do you have story time
where you like flip through because I'm
always watching people watching that
like reading through magazines very
delicately and is there is there
something like that at your spa well not
currently but we do have a scene that we
called the office that use us all kinds
of like paper and packaging materials
and we do some charcoal drawing and my
room the beauty of what we do is like
infinitely expandable because so many
years and my triggers out there at first
exploring so yes I want our audience
watching this to work out
do they have certain triggers that means
that they can actually enjoy this
experience so Craig you put together
certain
sounds that may well be triggers let's
have a listen to some of them
Craig what do we know about the science
of this there's not a lot yet known for
the science the first publication
science publication came out in 2015 so
we're only three years deep really into
the publication world what we do know is
that whenever people are surveyed why do
you enjoy ASMR their number one
responses they find it relaxing their
number two response is it helps them to
fall asleep that is consistent in all
the research studies so far and we also
have seen with some MRI studies that
there appear to be some differences in
the brains of individuals who can and
can't experience ASMR I've got some
pictures here and you can help me with
this this first picture what are we
looking at right now this is an MRI
study that was just published by Bryce
and Lochte myself and some other
investigators right and we had some
people watch ASMR videos they selected
the ASMR videos that stimulate their
ASMR the strongest and then we captured
brain images while they were
experiencing ASMR to see what areas of
the brain are activated okay so I'm
going to click to another image here and
it's just people actually being
activated by ASMR so what our water will
the orange in the yellow dots what are
they those are areas in the brain that
are having more activity during the
moments of ASMR so by doing those brain
images that allows us to look at well
what are these brain images what do they
have to do with human behavior and what
we show in the paper is the brain areas
that are activated in ASMR are very
similar to the brain areas that would be
activated if you were to think about
someone who you care about oh who cares
about you right or if someone was to
play with your hair
or to give you like a grooming
experience of any kind we have certain
areas of a brain that are activated
during those interpersonal bonding
moment and you know that for sure
even though research is only a couple of
years old you're certain of this so far
so good
there's nothing there's no such thing in
science as conclusive evidence
there's only supportive evidence and so
far so far this fits the trigger
patterns what we see interpersonal
connections being made between people
this pause we've also had another paper
published as well in in Sheffield in
this country and that was published
earlier on this year wasn't it and that
that showed that the heart rate
decreases considerably in people that
watch ASMR videos an experienced ASMR
much in the same way that meditation
does so some people say to me when
they're trying to understand what ASMR
is they say to me well is it a sexual
thing and now I'm able to say to them
well actually we've had research
published now to say that the heart rate
lowers so that's a really nice thing to
be able to say because it's been a lot
of years when we haven't really had that
much research so now we have three
papers then don't we so Emma
this was the 800 pounds very quietly
spoken gorilla in the room for me
because I've been watching some of your
videos and your videos are beautiful but
when I see them you're a hot mama I I'm
not I'm not gonna came here right let me
just let me just play one and then you
can then continue to tell me how this is
not sexy let's have a look are you ready
for me
you know sounded awfully cozy under your
nice warm blanket so you're telling me
this is not sexy or sensuous because
it's not affecting the erogenous part of
the brain make the viewers moment if
you're already in a sexually aroused
state then maybe that will be but if
you're visualizing that is maybe you're
sick or maybe you're just looking for
some personal attention then what you're
gonna feel is someone who's caring for
you you're gonna feel that moment of how
it's just someone givin you positive
personal attention rather than it being
sexually arousing and we've had research
that does support that shows that the
majority of people who are watching ASMR
videos 98% say they feel relaxed 82% say
it helps them fall asleep only 5% say
that they feel sexually aroused during
the video and that may be more about how
they feel at the moment then on the
intent of the video so I'm getting some
live commentary and people watching on
YouTube including the piano Haven it
definitely helps me relax before I sleep
and I get tingles indeed ASMR is just
intentionally getting the soothing
feeling you get when you listen to
comforting music and soft voices from
people like Bob Ross oh goodness
Rober us okay Nicki what do you get out
of listening to ASMR and then I'll find
the picture I've got a Bob Ross he was a
famous American painter go ahead can you
explain describe today I just feel I do
feel nurtured
I just feel safe and calm and I meditate
but it's even a deeper feeling than that
it's um it's just it's one of the
greatest feelings in the world and I
feel like so lucky that I can have it I
mean it stands out to me as a child when
it was brought on to me
I felt it honestly felt very indecent
because it felt so good like
I think it didn't feel sexually bad but
it felt so pleasurable that it felt
naughty to have this kind of pleasure in
public so it would happen in like class
and the teacher was reading a book and
that freaked out and then it would
always women's voices always brought it
on for me so then I was like am i gay
for a while it caused me to have kind of
a correct identity crisis and so when I
found that ASMR community I have to say
I was like you know not that I don't
want to be gay it was just like oh this
isn't something to be ashamed of this is
something that happens to everyone not
just me and it's not sexual I don't I
know the difference and it's not sexual
I trust you Suleiman Suleiman just--it
is on YouTube and Suleiman is on YouTube
right now cinnamon is saying I don't
feel the tingles I can't feel the
tingles Melinda if you're doing
performance ASMR this is going to be
important for you it's some people going
to a show and they feel nothing do you
give them the money back don't
experience FMR they find it incredibly
satisfying as well so I think if I were
to like simplify it down to like what
the main effect that we give people it's
the feeling of being taken care of and
whether or not you have the tingles what
we do to you because it involves so much
personal attention you just feel seen
and you feel like someone is actually
being present with you and that is
something that's just universally
enjoyable with these at the heart rate
reductions so that was a great study
because it did show that when people
watch a summer videos their heart rate
goes down if they experience a ASMR what
this study also showed is that the
people who don't normally experience
ASMR their heart rates also went down so
you may not feel the tingles necessarily
you may not feel the main signature but
you still can feel relaxed even if
you're not feeling what we consider that
strong brain tingling experience does I
have to yes for watch some more videos
just to feel relaxed
under tingles they still help people to
relax and fall asleep quickly just by
listening to the soft sounds and the
voices you don't have to feel a tingling
sensation just a nice calming feeling is
sure and it's enough I'm looking here at
Sierra Marling who sent us this tweet
she talks about ASMR relaxing her and
she says I have a lot of hectic energy
in my day
it's almost meditative to sit and do
nothing while listening to ASMR videos
and I actually only follow one ASMR
artist gentle whispering and we've
really in touch your gentle whispering
if you're wondering like gentle
whispering is like you don't have to
wonder for very much longer
al Jazeera and that would be the same
again it was watching a Maria gentle
whispering video early on when I first
discovered a smart yeah that made me
understand probably what is the origin
of a smart because I was watching one of
her videos just like that yeah yeah and
all sudden I had this feeling this is
what an infant must feel like when their
parent is soothing them the whispering
the light touching the gentle voice the
caring disposition and it made me think
well that's probably the origin we're
probably all born to be soothed by those
gentle sounds those gentle movements
because that communicates to us as an
infant who doesn't know a lot of
information this person is someone we
can trust this is someone we can feel
relaxed with and I think it's something
we just carry as we get older even if
you don't feel the tingles yeah all
those behaviors are behaviors that do
relax people whether you meet a stranger
somewhere yeah or it's a friend and
you're sorry oh this is someone I feel
comfortable around it's the same exact
kind of experience getting this in live
on I have to say this conversation is
creating some some live comments coming
in right now this is coming in from
Facebook this is some bisa in Sri Lanka
I was having ASMR since I was a little
kid to your point great but only now
have I learned what it is it was because
of this and I became very fond of music
Emma I'm also wondering that about how
lucrative this is this is a business for
you and I started doing this as my
full-time job just last year and I've
been doing it for five years so it took
me a long time to build a YouTube
channel that was earning enough so that
I could earn a living it's never been
about earning a living it's it's Who I
am it's kind of I finally found my
purpose in life in a way I'm so
passionate about it and it's something
that reaches out to so many people I've
my world is so big now and I connect
with people all over the world I mean
it's just incredible and I just feel so
lucky that now I can even earn money
from it too that's just crazy so yeah
yeah would never say to anyone started
an ASMR channel if you want to get rich
because YouTube is YouTube is a strange
place anyway and it's it's very
difficult to grow a channel and
everything it's just more about being a
part of a community it's about
developing skills I didn't know how to
edit videos before I started doing this
or work microphones and everything so
it's been a very big learning curve but
mostly it's it's been about connecting
with people and widening my worldview
just just learning that we're all very
similar and we're all very sensitive and
it's an incredible experiences it's an
incredible community community to be a
part of as well
Melinda what's the most positive aspect
of ASMR that you've seen as you've been
doing your work in terms of the
performance part of ASMR what are you
doing for people I feel like yeah I
guess providing intimacy to a lot of
people and their intimacy is not just
what you get on online with the voices
and the sense of connection but it's
also a physical touch I think that's of
what we breathing uniquely to the ears
in my community that when I say I'm
gonna brush your hair actually brushing
your hair and just kind of combining
that physical practice with the
performativity of ASMR used a great word
intimacy and that is a term a lot of
people will use and an experience people
feel even Nikki's description that she
had what she described a lot is intimacy
and it it feels strange to experience
that with a stranger someone you just
met whether it's at whisper lodge or
someone who's a stranger in a video and
so people do have a lot of discord with
that of well why am I suddenly feeling
very comfortable someone I don't even
know and that's because our brains just
seem to be hardwired that when someone
acts in a gentle caring way to us our
brain let's that in and that's the
feeling of relaxation but it's also a
feeling of intimacy that when you first
experience it like Nikki described it it
may not be comfortable I've been in
committee meetings at my University and
there's and there's someone whose voice
just will trigger it and all sudden in
the middle of this committee meeting I'm
getting kind of sleepy I'm getting
drowsing like this is a bad time for a
UH small meetings like that too but I
don't think it was ASMR Nikki what is
your nikki is your theory in a sentence
in a sentence and my theory is that
people that get ASMR had really harsh
mothers and so they're searching for it
elsewhere I mean I know I did and when
my grandma would just sometimes draw on
my back I was like can I get that every
day and I think that I just have this
yearning for it and she's a great woman
but like not a lot of hugs
sure alright so guess I feel like I've
just started this conversation there's
so much more to talk about if you're
intrigued and you've been watching this
program
look out online for hashtag a.s.m.r and
then you can find out more you'll find
it online and you'll find it in on
youtube as well and you'll find some of
our guests there on YouTube as well and
also you can check out Craig Richards
book it's called brain tingles I'll sell
all good good shot book shops until next
time I will see you online thanks for
watching take care everybody
thanks guys
