in many rural parts of the United States
fears of an escalating trade war are
real a lot of producers might not may
survive this in early July the u.s.
slapped 25% tariffs on hundreds of
Chinese goods imported into the United
States China responded with its own
measures targeting us products China is
one of the primary markets for US pork
and soybeans and American farmers have
been hit hard by the tit-for-tat tariffs
we actually redirected shipments to from
there in route to China to other
countries to alternative markets with an
increasing number of Americans suffering
the consequences of global trade
tensions US president Donald Trump on
Tuesday began touring rural States to
try and sell his trade war releasing 12
billion in aid to reassure farmers hurt
by the retaliatory tariffs farmers will
be the biggest beneficiary watch we're
opening up markets you watch what's
going on just be a little patient but
it's not just China the United States
has also attacked other allies like the
European Union with tariffs on steel and
aluminum and it's threatening even more
aggressive trade action if trade deals
aren't renegotiated I said you have to
change they didn't want to change I said
okay good we're gonna tariff your cars
they send millions of cars Mercedes all
of BMW as part of the new relief package
the US government will buy up excess
supply in an attempt to stabilize
America's agricultural economy but
President Trump will also need farmers
to go to the voting booth in upcoming
November midterm elections that will
determine the future control of the US
Congress many critics are already
calling this a payout to ensure he has
their support for months Democrats have
slammed Trump accusing him of abusing
his trade authority given the mounting
evidence farm states are being hammered
by Trump's America first trade agenda
still the Trump administration is
escalating its fight in addition to
tariffs already in place White House is
preparing to impose tariffs on billions
more Chinese goods Kimberley hellcat al
Jazeera Washington
