with ferocious intensity the flames tore
through homes cars and livelihoods and
the wildfires quickly turned deadly
locked in a final embrace dozens of
bodies discovered in the popular seaside
village of Marty east of Athens families
had huddled together for safety but
found no escape there's progress British
artists early this morning we discovered
apart from three other victims further
away this place where unfortunately
there are 26 people men women and
unfortunately children cars with the
keys left in the ignition the doors open
and first aid supplies left on the seats
picture emerges of people abandoning
their cars and trying to escape on foot
within hours large parts of Marty had
been destroyed survivors described
running for the sea to escape the
choking smoke military and Coast Guard
vessels along with dozens of private
boats join the effort to rescue more
than 700 people from the beaches some
survivors were discovered at sea here in
the resort town of mati nearly every
block nearly every Street there are
signs of devastation like this charred
cars lined the streets the fire was so
intense here it's even melted the metal
on some of these vehicles and some
locals have returned to inspect what's
left of their properties in every fourth
or fifth house here seems to have almost
been completely destroyed but where do
you begin thinking about rebuilding and
as emergency crews supported by the
military go from house to house and as
Coast Guard's inspect the Seas the fear
is the death toll could rise to Shimura
11th you just Lamoni me or some karthik
on today Greece is mourning and in
memory of those who perished we are
declaring three days of national
mourning however we should not let that
overwhelm us because this is the time to
fight to be unified and courageous you
burn up all early news in the hot dry
weather fires burn on the other side of
Athens - there was panic as Greeks
looked for them
neighbors the flames closing in this is
caneta a coastal town an hour's drive
west of the capital
fire crews tried to limit the
destruction but it was out of their
control an appeal for international help
has resulted in additional resources
being dispatched from Spain and Cyprus
to deal with the worst wildfires in more
than a decade in 2007 more than 80
people were killed as fires raged across
the country for days this year a dry
winter has again caused tinderbox
conditions with a hundred kilometer and
hour winds
Fanning the flames for Greece in pink
tourist season the fires are a danger to
its fragile economy only adding to the
toll of a tragic summer Nev Barca al
Jazeera Marty east of Athens
