on Election Day Pakistan's military will
make its presence felt it will be
responsible for security at polling
stations across the country on the
request of the Election Commission of
Pakistan more than 370 thousand troops
are involved in the operation this
election campaign was more bitter than
most and some say the dirtiest ever in
Pakistan the rhetoric is full of hate
parties are defeated in elections they
can be totally wiped out but for party
to wiped out before the election is
something that has happened this time
Imran Khan's the front runner his
promises of change have been clouded by
the inclusion of so-called electable
politicians who've previously want seats
for other parties opponents draw
parallels between him and members of his
party when he criticizes Nawaz Sharif's
family for having children and assets
abroad Imran Khan's also been accused of
being the favorite candidate of the
powerful military establishment an
allegation he denies why can't the
international media say there will be a
new Pakistan after July 25th the party
of now jailed former prime minister has
been struggling to counter its image of
corruption since the Panama papers
investigation the marshalese brother
Shabazz has taken charge but he's also
under investigation
Melburnian is naked man me and my
daughter Miriam are in prison because we
started this movement to bring dignity
to your vote no Prime Minister has ever
completed a five-year term in the last
70 years of Pakistan but this is the
second time a democratically elected
civilian government is completing its
tenure and the difference is clear when
elected politicians went back to ask for
votes and the areas where they didn't
deliver
they returned empty hands
the third-largest national force is the
Pakistan Peoples Party led by bilaval
put two Zardari but the son of the
assassinated Bhutto has had to defend
the bad state of affairs in Sindh
province where his party has been in
power for decades for the first time
people in the tribal areas will vote as
part of the Federation old alliances
have been broken and new ones have
emerged in Balochistan in heavy bottom
four provinces nationally the ballots
have been distributed and boxes are in
place for 106 million Pakistanis to vote
political leaders say attempts of
pre-poll rigging can only be defeated if
people come out and vote in numbers sama
bin Javed al Jazeera Lahore
