to fashion a Hodge card a carved
Armenian cross stone you need patience
and time Hamlet says that like a
craftsman his country's new government
is still learning its art what's
important is to work hard not to stray
from the chosen path work towards that
goal and everything will happen in time
everyone including the ordinary people
need to be fusions
since coming to power Nicolle passion
yearns government has moved quickly
against suspected corrupt officials and
it has opened parliament to the public
for the first time since the country's
independence
Nicolle passion Yan intends to break
down the barriers between government and
the people it's an indescribable
unexplainable feeling I can't put it
into words
people are happy they've started to
believe and that's very important for
society opening the gates explains
everything
it needs to be open to the world and to
each other this openness is the kind of
change people can really see and
experience for themselves but the big
change will come if Nicole passion Yan
can take control of the legislature in
the Parliament officially Parliament is
still controlled by Armenia's former
governing party and its allies but when
they tried to vote against Nicole
passion Yan earlier this month they
learned that he still has the
overwhelming support of the people in
Yerevan recent mayoral election passion
Yuans candidate picked up more than 80
percent of the vote a snap general
election will likely give his government
the mandate to move forward with reforms
right now it's freedom obviously there's
no way back but still because the
majority of the parliament are the old
faces it it creates a lot of insecurity
it creates a lot of 10
so the sooner we get rid of this tension
the better it is for everybody
Armenians expect lasting changes but
need patience for refashioning Armenia
will take more than just elections it
will take time
Roman ferocity Walker al-jazeera Yerevan
