as scores of vice president Abdul Rashid
Dostum supporters gathered to welcome
him back at Kabul International Airport
a suicide bomber detonated his vest at
the main entrance among the casualties
were security forces and civilians
Dostum escaped his convoy had past
minutes earlier the second most powerful
man in Afghanistan had been living in
exile in Turkey for the last 14 months
his supporters protested demanding his
return there are many who don't want him
back general Dostum left after armoured
issue and northern elder accused him and
his guards of kidnapping and rape Dostum
ordered his commander to rape me with
nine other bodyguards he told them to
rape me until the ground is covered with
blood and taken photograph but doston
refused to come in for questioning
president Ashraf Ghani then persuaded
turkeys president Richard type-o Diwan
to take him in it's not the first time
das teams been exiled in Turkey it's a
repeat of ten years ago when he
assaulted a political rival
which led to this standoff in Kabul
between police and his bodyguards Dostum
has a ruthless reputation he has ruled
northern Afghanistan for 30 years and is
renowned for shifting his allegiance in
1996 he met top Taliban commanders for
talks but the handshake stopped there he
would fight the Taliban in the Northern
Alliance famously saying he could never
bow to a government where there is no
whiskey and no music after the 2001 US
invasion
doston transitioned from warlord to
politician he wields enormous influence
in Afghanistan's north making him a
target his enemies want him gone his
allies need him ahead of next year's
presidential election
Charlotte Bellis al-jazeera
