this is the man considered a disrupter
by Pakistan's two main political parties
until a few months ago but now polls
suggest Imran Khan's tehreek-e-insaf
party is the frontrunner he's taken the
lead from Nawaz Sharif the former prime
minister who's been jailed by an
accountability court but the rise of
Imran Khan and the fall of Muammar
Sharif is alleged to have been
engineered by the establishment a local
metaphor for Pakistan's military this is
a plan and it is intended to bring about
a result in this election which the
planners want it will produce a
situation which will cause further
difficulties for this country a weak
government internally divided coalition
huge challenges it's the first election
where religious far-right parties are
taking heart in mainstream politics the
tarik alibag Pakistan or TLP rose to
prominence with a violent sitting in
Islamabad it was resolved after the
military became a guarantor between the
protesters and the government now it's a
political force with more than 500
candidates vying for national and
provincial assembly seats TLP plans to
make Pakistan what it calls a true
religious state it denies it as backed
by the military and says it's money
comes from loyalists in their millions
the money given to us by the ranges was
someone's individual act and has nothing
to do with the party the video which was
made to go viral was a conspiracy nammar
Sharif's league has been assured of
support from the Alistair net wal Jamaat
which was a bad group until last month
an M Ron Khan's party has welcomed in
its fold her total Mujahideen's former
chief a cleric who's on the US terror
watchlist a political party has also
been formed by the supporters of harsh
aside another cleric who's on a United
Nations terrorists list
they are fielding over 250 candidates
for the first time in this election and
from their headquarters the building
Muslim League is running an organized
campaign but the political party insists
that the UN is wrong and Hafiz Saeed has
not been given the right to respond to
allegations against him humbly look we
are practical people and our character
is clear whether it safeguard in
Pakistan's ideology philanthropy and
public service or the ethical support
for occupied
that's why people will vote for us
there's also a religious alliance of
parties which is running as well
