they weren't students they were
criminals
that's how supporters of Nicaraguan
President Daniel Ortega see opponents to
the government they say students and
other protesters are responsible for the
deaths of police in confrontations in
the past weeks and they say government
opponents have committed atrocities
government officials say anti-government
protesters said the body of a policeman
on fire we are here for all the fallen
policemen for all of them who have been
tortured these demonstrators say they
want justice called pro-government
supporters who have been killed in these
past three months of violence but they
say the government must continue its
security policy to bring peace to the
country that policy for many government
opponents means persecution Syria a
psychologist who spoke from an
undisclosed location for her safety says
security forces are on a witch-hunt we
are terrified because we now have to
live like criminals they are killing us
out there they are walking freely and
those of us who are fighting for freedom
in our country must hide she says many
students and other protesters are in
safe houses and many parents don't know
where their children are at this human
rights organization parents say they too
are being harassed they mask uniformed
police three or four vehicles and very
well armed that's why I'm terrified
government officials say opponents are
lying subject to mountains of false news
students who had so students who had
been arrested have been turned over to
the church repeatedly as you can report
also repeatedly turned over to the
church I think we have to get out of
this we have to get in to
responsibilities of the case-by-case
analysis of who's responsible for why
if found guilty on terrorism charges
protesters could face 20 years in prison
under a new law at this human rights
organization to police officers handed
in their weapons and uniforms and asked
for protection not wanting to fight
anti-government demonstrators they too
went into hiding Ariana Sanchez al
Jazeera Managua Nicaragua
