left-wing groups gather to protest
against the International Monetary Fund
in Ueno series on Saturday last month
the IMF stepped in to shore up the
argentinian economy with a fifty billion
loan agreement but people like
ville-marie Paul believe it won't help
improve people's lives we already had
the IMF and a crisis we know what
happened in Greece they will fire state
employees they will reduce salaries and
take away workers right what else do
they want Argentina's economy has been
struggling in recent months due to a
drop in investor confidence in emerging
economies the peso currency lost over 40
percent of its value and inflation has
continued to rise these people are
protesting just a few blocks away from
where the g20 finance ministers and
central bank governors are meeting but
they were prevented from getting closer
by security forces these people that you
can see here are hoping that Christine
Lagarde the director of the IMF who's
aware of Silas will hear their message
and their fears that the austerity
measures implemented by the government
of Mauricio Macri will generate more
poverty and unemployment but Christine
Lagarde who came to attend the g20
summit showed strong support with what
Mauricio Macri is trying to do there has
been significant progress in terms of
monetary policy as well where clearly
the measures that have been taken by the
bank have restored and and managed a
much better situation with less
volatility more transparency
protests because of policy suggested by
the IMF are not unique to Argentina
there has been strong opposition in
countries like Jordan and Haiti
international NGOs like Oxfam and others
have suggested that the IMF should
rethink its standard recipes that take
away power from labor unions to not help
lower unemployment and demand reduction
of government spending which leads in
most cases to an increase in poverty
levels the essence of the IMF is the
same it is to prioritize the physical
deficit prioritize austerity measures
it's the same old IMF with a change in
discourse look at what's happening in
other parts of the world like Jordan and
Haiti and that's why many here are
distrustful of the current government's
economic policies because they believe
it will only deteriorate the lives of
those who need government help the most
terasawa
al Jazeera Bono Cyrus
