on a warm summer evening for many
Bavarians the beer garden is a must
certainly that's true in girls for food
and tonight accompanying the salads and
schnitzels there's also political chat
because the local MP has dropped in to
hear people's concerns as this is
election year the Christian social Union
is taking no chances this is a fairly
fit ones knock me out we're here to
speak to the voters to persuade them
that ours is the right way that as a
genuine People's Party we can govern
Bavaria that we can keep our society
pulling together and not apart so our
economy prospers and sharing but that's
the problem for his party traditionally
this Parliament has been a stronghold
for the CSU in election after election
since World War two it seemed to have a
stranglehold both on Parliament and
politics here and yet if the opinion
polls are accurate that grip may be
slipping where once the CSU could count
on winning almost half the votes
now that's fallen below 40% their
nearest rivals are the center-left Green
Party with the Social Democrats a few
points back in third place and the
far-right anti-immigrant AFD close
behind some people blame this man for
the CSU's present predicament Horst
zurafa federal interior minister and
longtime party leader his plan for
tougher border controls and an
accelerated program of deporting failed
asylum seekers pleases the far-right but
it's also galvanized the left and center
left in opposition and some analysts say
some of Zephyrs ideas seem to be a
serious threat to civil liberties it is
a very slippery slope in that sense that
you gradually have a degradation of the
rule of law and of human rights because
if you look for instance at the media
coverage of migrants and especially more
right-wing media you see that you have
they don't see migrants as humans
anymore they see them as an issue such
thoughts seem quite distant in sunny
gasps -
the CSU insists instead it's based on
humanitarian pragmatic policies but as
October's election draws nearer perhaps
that pragmatism may well be tested
Dominic Kane al Jazeera in Bavaria
