could this be to resumes last stand she
was in Northern Ireland promoting the
benefits of a vision for brexit upon
which her survival is staked a deal that
would keep close trade ties between the
UK and the European Union in return she
said the EU needed to evolve its
negotiating position and then there was
this the reality is that any agreement
we reach with the EU would have to
provide for the frictionless movement of
goods across the Northern Ireland border
equally clear is that as a United
Kingdom government we could never accept
that the way to prevent a hard border
with Ireland is to create a new border
within the United Kingdom and with that
to resume rejected the --use idea of a
backstop a contingency plan that would
see Northern Ireland maintaining special
ties to the EU in the event that no deal
is reached over brexit with a new
economic border emerging between
Northern Ireland and the rest of the UK
and since a No Deal scenario is on
everyone's lips at the moment with the
venal nature of British politics right
now that seemed like pretty serious
stuff it wasn't long before the --use
chief brexit negotiator responded the
block he said saw some basis for
negotiation in the Prime Minister's plan
but the absence of an agreed backstop
was something the EU couldn't accept we
are open to any solutions any solutions
as long as they are workable and can be
transformed into a legally operative
text in time for the withdraw agreement
cue predictions not for the first time
in recent weeks of Teresa Mays imminent
political demise the EU cannot sign off
a deal without a backstop Theresa May is
effectively torpedo that option so
she'll have to capitulate and that will
almost certainly precipitate her
resignation but not just yet for now the
British government plan remains alive
and with it just about mrs. Mays
Premiership Jonah hull al-jazeera London
