the road to the received air terminal is
almost deserted Libyan security officers
say only Libyan seeking medical
treatment are allowed to cross the
border into Tunisia the border gate has
been closed by Tunisian customs officers
for 10 days now dozens of trucks have
been turned away some carrying food
others transporting flammable liquids
local Tunisian traders are preventing
Libyans from entering the capital Tunis
by setting up roadblocks between
received a landing gear dance city that
is in response to a decision by Libya's
customs agents to ban Tunisians from
taking Libyan goods
Libya's government says Libyan exports
to Tunisia harm the economy Libyan
border officers say they closed the
border while diplomats in the Foreign
Ministries of both countries work to
find a solution that Memphis female of
benefit - we have decided to stop
Libyans from moving in to the Tunisian
side just to protect them that's because
they've been abused their Tunisian
authorities have been sending them back
Tunisia is going home aren't sure if
they will be able to return to Libya
abdullah mullah he can hardly carry all
his belongings and rests for a while
before his exit he cannot hide his
frustration I know I might not be able
to get back to my work in Libya but I'm
very sick and I have to go home to get
medical treatment what can I do I have
no other choice during the past few
years the received a terminal has been
closed several times due to unrest on
the Tunisian side of the border that
effect is many people especially
Tunisian traders but many Libyan
travelers here say the Tunisian
authorities should do enough to ensure
their safety
Libyans returning home from the capital
Tunis have stories to tell
Khalifa bajalia was planning to spend a
vacation with his family in Tunis but
was turned back he says they had to make
a 100
50 kilometers detour to alternative
border crossing at worsen after we left
the Tunisian customs gate locals stopped
us then the authorities there asked us
to wait we were stuck a whole night in
the car it was terrible
the received air terminal crossing is a
lifeline for Tunisians who make their
living by trading across the border and
vice versa for Libyans - until the
dispute is resolved many travelers will
likely have only a one-way trip home
Mahmoud Abdul Wahid al Jazeera received
air on the ribbon Tunisian border
