thirty-year-old I began Antonio
Hernandez had disappeared for three days
but on Friday his family found his dead
body at the coroner's office in the
capital Managua his father Augustin and
assess cuts to his arms show signs of
abuse he was tortured he was beaten here
in the head in the back and was shot in
the chest and leg he didn't have weapons
or mortars his family says he wasn't
involved in the protests but he was
taken away by security forces McQuarrie
la salon they took him away outside the
house but since those an attack going on
we couldn't go out since security and
pro-government forces launched a
so-called cleanup operation in Messiah
on Tuesday to lift barricades a caravan
of heavily armed and masked gunmen have
taken control of moaning bow driving
around in vehicles without license
plates many businesses and homes here
are still closed but the roadblocks have
been lifted there are still some
tensions here in the neighborhood of
moaning born as a paramilitary continued
to patrol these streets food vendor oana
popa dough says she's out selling stew
for the first time in more than two
months but she's still afraid because of
the situation we can't talk we can't say
anything but we are okay because we are
back to work
messiah's police say the cleanup
operation was ordered by President
Daniel Ortega and his wife
vice-president Rosario Maria Ortega says
the government confronted protesters to
bring back stability after weeks of
turmoil it has been our duty once again
to defend peace for everyone it's been a
painful battle because we've confronted
an armed conspiracy violent protests in
Nicaragua have left nearly 300 people
there moaning Bo was a bastion of rebel
resistance since the Sandinista
revolution 39 years ago and also during
these months of protests on Tuesdays
confrontations at least two people were
killed but the crackdown is not yet over
Mariana Sanchez al Jazeera moaning Bo
Nicaragua
