hey Deb Holland is running for Congress
and hoping to make history never having
had a Native American woman in Congress
Congress has never heard a voice like
mine campaigning at New Mexico Highlands
University Holland who is a member of
the Laguna Pueblo native nation said her
number-one issue is protecting the
environment it shouldn't always be about
money it should be about respect and
love for the land respect for people's
cultures Holland is part of a large
influx of Democrats women minorities and
other marginalized groups seeking office
many for the first time I think
representation matters a tremendous
amount and I think diversity really
matters and so yes all those voices and
the large number of women who are
running for office I think we can change
the trajectory of our country the New
Mexico district Holland seeks to
represent includes part of the City of
Albuquerque and tilts heavily Democratic
polls show her nine percentage points
ahead of her Republican opponent Janice
arnold-jones
who in an interview seemed to question
Holland's native heritage she is a
military brat just like I am and so I
you know I think it evokes images that
she was raised on a reservation
Holland's supporters say if she's
elected she would bring a unique
perspective to Washington not only would
she bring the contemporary information
and knowledge that she needs to make
decisions should all of you also have
this grounding of of time and a
grounding of making sure that the
decisions that she makes are centered
for the future across the country Native
Americans are demanding a stronger
political voice according to the
National Congress of American Indians
more than 100 Native American candidates
are running for federal or state office
in the US this year graduate student
Rene Mondragon listened to Holland's
speech and came away impressed I'm a
minority Hispanic minority well I'm not
Native American she speaks for me too
up to us to stand together United and
kind of push forward for what we believe
because we are the majority a candidate
like none before in an election season
like no other
Rob Reynolds al Jazeera Las Vegas New
Mexico
