this tournament in Doha is a chance for
catters chess players to move up in the
international rankings but opportunities
like this are proving harder to come by
many of these players were looking
forward to competing in the Arab
Regional Chess Championship but host
country the United Arab Emirates banned
them from taking part I didn't even know
before one day of the tournament I was I
didn't know if I was going to go or not
and I kept training for it I kept my
hopes up what I thought it was very
disappointing for me and I just the UAE
ban follows controversy at a global
tournament in Saudi Arabia two months
earlier kasseri players were initially
denied the right to compete under their
flag and there were delays in issuing
visas the Saudis relented at the last
moment but the kateri missed half of the
competition at the opening ceremony the
head of Saudi Arabia's Sports Authority
denied there were any problems but
refused to refer to Qasr directly by
name what we will focus on the
tournament and we will not be bothered
by this mini-state I assigned someone
who will deal with this mini-state
because they are irrelevant the
political chess game playing out in the
Middle East to see moves to isolate
Katsura all levels diplomatic ties have
been severed and trade routes have been
closed sports and games traditionally
brought together even rival countries in
the spirit of friendly competition but
here two blockading nations are working
to freeze out Catherine despite what
happened in Saudi Arabia the banned by
the UAE still caught many by surprise
it was very very strange for me as UAF
iteration almost there all my friends
but okay they didn't allow us to take
part I know them very well we know each
other since we were very young like 30
years ago you know we we used to play
chess together Catholic players have
complained to feed a the world chess
organisation but they aren't optimistic
physical to a lot if the tournament is
belongs to freedom this is World
Championship or Asian generation but
for Arabic region I don't know D I don't
think they want to interfere and they
say okay guys it's your problem you know
just we want to take one side in another
room PJ has a slogan ganz una sumus we
are one family but that message of unity
rings hollow in the Gulf players have
become pawns caught up in the politics
of a region divided Vinton Monohan al
Jazeera Doha
