the skies over Gaza have turned black
with smoke from burning tires every
Friday for months now Israeli army
snipers and other troops have killed
around 140 Palestinians since the weekly
protests started in March thousands of
others have been injured protesters say
they'll continue to fly kites and
balloons carrying petrol bombs and
burning ranks across the border until
Israel lifts its 12-year siege of Gaza
Israel says fire started by the
protesters have destroyed large areas of
farmland and crops this protester who
insisted we hide his identity says life
in Gaza has become so unbearable he and
his friends are determined to force
change nothin all that shada Mohammed is
worried our aim is to end this siege
completely a situation in Gaza is
unbearable often no electricity not
enough medicine no good life
unemployment there's no future for young
people here we use simple materials like
the incendiary balloons to protest this
is the Palestinian way so what would it
take for Israel to begin to lift the
siege on Gaza and potentially end the
protests some experts say the solution
has a lot to do with ending rivalry
between Palestinian political factions
Israel began its air land and sea
blockade on Gaza in 2007 when Hamas took
control here now there are some analysts
that say that unless there is
reconciliation between Hamas and Fatah
and a unity government is formed in
Israel siege and the violence between
Hamas and Israel will continue repeated
Egyptian efforts to broker a
reconciliation deal between Hamas and
Fatah have failed the refusal by Hamas
to hand control of Gaza's internal
security to the Fatah dominated
Palestinian Authority is a main sticking
point another involves paying the
salaries of 20,000 Hamas employees Hamas
has reportedly accepted the latest
Egyptian proposal and is waiting for
Fatah to respond we need to talk about
ceasefire Palestine reconciliation
election with anti-ballistic society
making political random
political reform encouraging Hamas to be
part of the legitimate Palestinian
political system this how we find we
reach a final status a settlement and
Israel should encourage this some
Israeli politicians have called for a
full-blown military offensive against
Hamas to stop the kites and balloons
Hamas says young Palestinians have every
right to protest against the blockade
using what it calls peaceful means a
committee representing all political
factions in Gaza has called on
Palestinians to protest again on Friday
the 17th week in a row chants trafford
al Jazeera Gaza
