do we shape the future where did we come
from is there anyone out there
he has unraveled some of the greatest
mysteries of the universe and in his
final book Stephen Hawking takes on
ideas larger than the universe itself
brief answers to the big questions
brings together some of his final
writing before his death in March its
launch was celebrated at the Science
Museum in London where he received a
fellowship on his 70th birthday Hawking
enthralled the world with his
groundbreaking work on black holes and
cosmology and in his final months he
wrote how science and technology can
both revolutionize and destroy our lives
this is very much a book of predictions
in it Stephen Hawking says that humans
will soon colonize other planets that
machines will overtake humans when it
comes to intelligence and perhaps most
controversial of all that genetic
modification will lead to a dangerous
race of superhumans his children Tim and
Lucy helped the book come to fruition
and they say it was a chance for their
father to set out his views in his own
words and leave an engaging perspective
for people in a rapidly changing world
my father's ultimate goal in writing
this book is to give us a call to unity
he was very very concerned that as a
society became more and more divided
that we were finding more and more
things to put between ourselves and
other human beings and I think it's a
reflection of his essential humanity in
his belief in human beings that he
wanted to put out this call to say look
we on one planet we are one human race
the challenges we face are global
they're big that climate change all
these other issues that you see hear him
reference we need to come together we
need to cooperate the problems despite
his warnings over the calamity that
things like climate change and unchecked
artificial intelligence could bring he
leaves the reader with a final message
so remember to look up at the stars and
not down at your feet
unleash your imagination change the
future
Catherine Stansell al-jazeera London
