a three-year investigation and a record
five billion dollar fine a steep penalty
for Google accused by the European Union
of abusing its power has it cornered an
entire sector in the phone market Google
has engaged in illegal practices to
cement its dominant market position in
Internet's search it must put an
effective end to this contact within 90
days or face penalty payments at the
heart of the issue is Android the tech
giant's operating system for mobile
phones used in more than 80 percent of
the world's smartphones it is essential
to Google's future revenues the European
Commission found Google had blocked
competition by forcing phone makers to
pre install services such as its search
engine and map software as a condition
of using its operation system it also
payed phone manufacturers incentives if
they installed Google search without
rival services the case would seem to
prove the point that there's no such
thing as a free lunch
when tech giants come bearing gifts and
Google is finding out to its cost it's
having to concede this is already the
case in countries such as China and
Russia now the French government has
welcomed the decision to stop it from
squeezing out any rivals see Google or
Google will have to change their
practices in terms of licensing of the
vyas Android software and applications
that in turn will have a considerable
impact on their commercial policy google
has said it will appeal against the
decision it may only be a fraction of
its revenue but the real challenge will
be if the EU forces it to change its
future behavior so nigahiga al Jazeera
Paris
