Paul Allen helped lead a revolution in
personal computing in his later years he
was known as a philanthropist a builder
of a music museum and owner of a
professional basketball teams the
Portland Trailblazers
and American football Seattle Seahawks
Byrd in my mind and especially the
especially the home games and the
intensity the intensity of the fans and
the emotion and and the feeling in the
in the locker room as bill gates partner
he was often called the other guy at
Microsoft but it was Allen who came up
with the name for the world's largest
software company together they made
ms-dos in the graphically driven Windows
interface that still dominates the
industry he later became a real estate
developer and a boating aficionado with
one of the world's largest yachts for
parties and scuba expeditions we try to
do these both as really exciting
examples of underwater archeology and
and his tributes to the brave man that
went down in these ships in a statement
gate wrote in part he deserved much more
time but his contributions to the world
of technology and philanthropy will live
on for generations to come I will miss
him tremendously Allen left Microsoft in
1982 during his first battle with cancer
following a dispute with gates after
decades in remission non-hodgkins
lymphoma returned in 2009 and again this
year he was 65
