the happy faces of what is now one of
the world's most famous football teams
the wild boars can finally go home well
known not for their performances on the
pitch but for the miraculous survival
and rescue from the pitch black of a
cave in North Thailand I tried to go
into the water and dig to see if we can
go through but I could feel that the
bottom was all sand and the top was just
rocks I poured the rope and the boys
pulled me back afterwards I told one of
the buoys that we cannot exit this way
what was planned as a one-hour visit to
the cave turned into an ordeal for 18
days and nights closely watched by news
viewers around the world
Daniella we found a sandy Hill and there
was water dripping from cliffs and rocks
so I told everyone that we'd better stay
near the water so we decided to spend
the night there before we went to sleep
I told them we should pray together
before sleeping the youngest is only 11
years old I tried not to think about
food otherwise I'd feel even more hungry
after 9 days they finally were found we
heard some noises of people talking at
that moment so we told each other to be
quiet and listen to the noise we weren't
sure so we listened and it turned out to
be true
I was surprised a team of international
divers finally managed to swim them to
safety in what experts describe as one
of the most difficult and dangerous cave
rescue operations ever remarkable
stories of survival told by the boys and
their coach for the first time but no
food at all they tried to find any clean
water they could drink and all the time
they were trying to find a way out as
they became weaker and weaker by the day
the father of the fourteen-year-old
goalkeeper says he wants his life
returned to normal as soon as possible
of course I am worried we can't see in
the future but I will tell my boy when
he returns to the normal world he may
face things he has never experienced
before I tried to encourage him and make
sure he will be ready to play
this he should only speak about what he
wants to say things that hurt him he
should avoid the wild boars will all
become novice monks for a period of nine
days to pay tribute to the former Thai
Navy diver salmon Coonan who lost his
life during their rescue Thai artists
have made this mural in Chiang Rai to
honor the extreme bravery and
international teamwork of everyone who
participated in the rescue operation
after sharing their stories with the
world the boys can finally go back home
steadfast and al Jazeera Chiang Rai
