nestling in the Alps Balthus garden
seems like a picture postcard here the
pace of life from cradle to grave is
slow and after a long life many locals
want this to be their final resting
place but for years demand for new grave
plots has outstripped supply now the
council thinks it's found a solution a
lottery for burial plots the town's
mayor says he thinks it's the fairest
for his community we tried to figure out
how many places we could give how many
graves we could give to the people of
the earth this garden and it's about 200
and so we decided to do a lottery to
make it the the best way possible the
fairest way for everybody to get one of
these gradual disgrace and so 280 people
put their names forward for those 200
burial plots all hoping there's would be
the first name to be drawn that
privilege failed to see Glinda leave on
meaning she gets first choice of all the
available plots and now she knows where
she and her husband will one day be laid
to rest men manusia of kevarkian east a
man lived here I'm my husband grew up
here not me but we live here and this
place in particular his grandmother's
here and his uncle lies right next to us
and we simply want to be here so we know
where we'll come to some people say that
to be born in Bavaria is to win the
lottery of life and now here at least
Wednesday's winners have gained a prize
of a very different kind Dominick cane
al Jazeera Baroness garden
