in the village where Viktor Orban was
born there's a smart new football
stadium it's well known that he's a big
football fan and it's just a stone's
throw from the prime minister's weekend
home the stadium is the first stop on a
vintage train ride that also takes in an
arboretum and a pleasant ice cream shop
the train line and the stadium were
built say anti-corruption activists
using public money with construction
contracts awarded to well-connected
businessmen part of an elite that's
grown rich through its proximity to
power the beneficiaries contractors who
actually you know carried out these this
work you know those were people close to
mr. Orban and government on the day we
visit a local tour group arrives to
board what's been dubbed the train to
nowhere
here you get a pretty good idea of how a
lot of money was spent on not very much
if anybody did do well out of this
project I'm pretty sure it wasn't the
Hungarian public it's estimated that
over 80 percent of public investment in
Hungary comes from the European Union's
so-called cohesion funds intended to
help poorer members catch up with
Hungary increasingly in conflict with
the EU over corruption and migration
policies Brussels plans to cut those
funds by 1/4 in its next budget is the
government worried apparently not much
we've seen that political blackmailing
horizon for the past couple of years in
order to have a budget here European
budget you have to have the consensus of
all Member States and if there's not
going to be consensus which is very
likely to happen if the criteria they've
set is going to remain and then there's
not going to be a budget so confident is
mr. Orban in fact that he's begun
exporting his influence supporting
like-minded politicians in slovenia
slovakia Poland and the Czech Republic
the whole battle with Brussels was very
successful in Hungary and nothing really
happened in Brussels which was really
bad for Hungary so you know no sanctions
no anything so it was a very easy thing
for for Fidesz to do comparisons are
often made between all bands Hungary and
Vladimir Putin's Russia state control
the media squeeze on civil society the
hallmarks are certainly there and they
may well be for a long time to come
Jonah Hall al Jazeera in Hungary
