they've been arriving in Norway since
August for the biggest exercises NATO
has run since the end of the Cold War
soldiers from every NATO country plus
Finland and Sweden I hit a train for the
next war called Trident juncture the
maneuvers take place across most of
Scandinavia involving 50,000 troops 250
aircraft 65 naval ships including the
harry s truman aircraft carrier and
10,000 military vehicles the exercises
come at a time when the Alliance is
facing fierce criticism from an American
administration that is frustrated with
fellow members it says are not pulling
their weight I think that NATO was not
doing what they were supposed to be
doing a lot of the countries and we were
doing much more than we should have been
doing frankly we were carrying too much
of a burden that's why we call it burden
sharing president Trump was especially
critical of Germany but the senior NATO
partner is the wargames biggest
contributor with 8,000 of its troops
participating these high visibility
exercises are not just about training
they're designed to bolster nervous
alliance members especially those
bordering Russia and with good reason
Russia held two huge military wargames
over the last two years
Zapp adorn West in 2017 and Vostok or
East earlier this year involving three
hundred thousand soldiers dwarfing
NATO's current exercise
with this pressure on the Alliance in a
time of rising regional geopolitical
tension
NATO's nervous allies will be looking to
Trident juncture for reassurance Alex go
topless al Jazeera Trondheim Norway
