the 2011 Arab Spring saw a wave of
Democratic grassroots protests which
toppled longtime leaders and offered the
hope of a new vision for the Middle East
the response by some of the kingdoms and
Emirates of the region was just as
dramatic a report by the spin watch
group says that in the UK the United
Arab Emirates mobilized
a narrative against the Muslim
Brotherhood in Britain in the highest
echelon of government it says the abu
dhabi crown prince and the then Prime
Minister David Cameron had several
undeclared meetings and it says through
a combination of persuasion and threats
the UAE campaign produced results one
threat which was made by the Uni to
David Cameron was if you don't institute
an inquiry into the Muslim Brotherhood
we will cancel the Thai food and fighter
jets deal from British airspace I will
stop British Petroleum getting an oil
concession in the UAE now that was
successful I mean an extraordinary
effort by the Uni to actually cajole and
bully the British government into
pursuing its foreign policy the success
or failure of the other UAE lobbying is
less clear spin Watch says that the UAE
put pressure on the BBC over its
coverage of the Arab Spring but the BBC
in a statement has flatly denied that it
caved in to any political pressure it's
been watch also quotes a source
suggesting that a Marathi donation to
the think tank Chatham House may have
affected that Institute's research but
Chatham House has vigorously denied that
it could be affected in that way but the
UAE foreign minister is known to have
had close contacts with selected UK
journalists meetings which led the UAE s
PR firm Quiller to claim that views
changed and the report highlights the
ways the 2017 blockade against Qatar saw
the intensification of the UAE s PR
campaign including bitter criticism of
Qatar 2022 World Cup the lobbying rules
look woefully inadequate it seems to me
and it's been much the greater
safeguards to you know prevent the sort
of influence which seems to have been
exerted on the on the British government
in the way in which it has been and of
course you know some of the unintended
consequences have been the growth of
Islamophobia in this country and we're
seeing the
expression of that on the streets of
Britain the report notes that now
Theresa May is UK Prime Minister Abu
Dhabi's Klout has diminished
significantly but there seems little to
prevent a possible slide backwards the
central issue in all of this is one of
transparency when does legitimate
lobbying become undue influence and to
quote the report itself promising
billions in return for influence
infiltrating the British media buying
politicians loyalty donating to think
tanks and trying to influence media
coverage some would see as a step too
far
Paul Brennan al Jazeera central London
