a stunning reversal by US President
Donald Trump I said the word would
instead of wooden faced with non-stop
criticism over his press conference with
Russian President Vladimir Putin in
Finland Trump claims he misspoke and now
accepts the conclusion of US
intelligence that Russia meddled in the
2016 presidential election I have felt
very strongly that while Russia's
actions had no impact at all on the
outcome of the election let me be
totally clear in saying that and I've
said this many times I accept our
intelligence community's conclusion that
Russia's meddling in the 2016 election
took place Trump's remarks follow a
barrage of condemnation from members of
his own political party for his initial
acceptance of Putin's denial he just
said it's not Russia of any election
interference by the Kremlin I remain
astonished I thought it was shameful I
think he needs to fix it morning the
Republican Speaker of the House of
Representatives equally unequivocal not
only did Russia interfere in the past it
threatens to do so again they're doing
it around the world they did it to
France they did it to Moldova they're
doing it to the Baltics Russia is trying
to undermine democracy itself Democrats
are pressuring Republicans to reinforce
those words with action if Donald Trump
was such an easy mark in Helsinki
President Putin will realize he's an
easy mark elsewhere
that's why lawmakers are pushing for
further sanctions against Russia many
are also demanding Trump request the
extradition of 12 Russians indicted last
week are charges of interfering in the
2016 US vote
unlike previous administrations my
administration has and will continue to
move aggressively to repeal any efforts
and repeal we will stop it we were
peloton any efforts to interfere in our
elections some Democrats are calling for
legislation to prevent the president
from criticizing the FBI and the
Department of Justice as the president
has done in the past so that the Special
Counsel Robert Muller can continue his
investigation into Russian interference
in the u.s. presidential election
Kimberly hellcat al Jazeera the White
House
