at a news conference of Iran's Atomic
Energy Agency more defiant rhetoric from
a government that knows it's running out
of time in a matter of weeks more
crippling US sanctions will hit the
already struggling Iranian economy we
have of course adopted some measures in
order to prepare the ground for eventual
eventually increasing the level of Iran
has consistently threatened to restart
production of nuclear material that is
considered weapons-grade and despite its
best intentions leaders here believe
Europe will be unable to meet
obligations under the 2015 nuclear deal
for now Iran is still abiding by that
agreement but restarting nuclear
activities may be inevitable 2018 has
already been a difficult year for Iran's
economy and August sanctions won't be
the end of it more sanctions take effect
in November this time targeting the
country's biggest source of revenue the
oil and gas center earlier this month
Iran's president was in Switzerland in
Austria to secure trade ties a senior
adviser to the Supreme Leader was in
Russia to discuss investing in Iran's
oil industry and Iranian envoys were in
India and Pakistan this week to reaffirm
cooperation Iran also hopes China will
continue to be one of its biggest oil
buyers even in the face of American
threats Iranian leaders are even taking
America to court on Monday foreign
minister Javad Zarif announced that Iran
has filed an official complaint with the
UN's International Court of Justice to
quote hold the u.s. accountable for its
unlawful reom position of unilateral
sanctions as the US president met his
Russian counterpart in Helsinki this
week he was also recognized at an award
ceremony in Tehran Donald Trump is the
winner of this year's wet gunpowder
award an Iranian accolade recognizing
the most hated international Person of
the Year Trump has now won two years in
a row
oh yeah tyrone shum or mr. trump we know
you were someone who pretends to be a
human but you have no human features at
all we know you as someone who breaks
his promises I'm sorry for the people of
America for having such a president he
says one thing and the next hour he says
something else Iran's money has lost
half its value in less than a year
trying to do damage control Iran's
government has been cornered at every
turn this may seem like a lot of pomp
and circumstance
to call the American president names but
as the deadline for more sanctions gets
closer it seems all Iranians have left
to do is mock the man they hold
responsible Zane Basra via al Jazeera
Tehran
