as the humanitarian situation worsens
for people in Yemen so does the
displacement crisis at this makeshift
camp between the southern port city of
Aden and lush the misery is apparent
most of these people fled the violence
in her day the province and as bad as
the conditions are here things back home
are even worse shells were raining down
on us god only knows how he managed to
survive the United Nations says tens of
thousands of families have been
displaced from her Dada as a result of
the fierce fighting there while the
Saudi UAE coalition attempts to take
control of the area from her--they
revels analysts say little progress has
thus far been made in this military
campaign here the young try to play even
as the old are constantly confronted
with how dire things remain and no
matter how terrible the sanitary
conditions parents will do what they can
to make meals for their children and to
provide them with comfort we try to take
shelter in one of the tents but we were
denied we were told that there were no
more tents available now what are we
supposed to do especially since we have
young children we have no shelter we
call on the governor to consider our
situation we do not leave our homes out
of luxury we were forced out but most of
the displaced people now residing here
don't believe those calls will be
answered any time soon Mohammed jim-jim
al Jazeera
