President Trump arrived in Florida to
view hurricane damage and at the same
time reports began to filter out about a
Saudi admission that the journalist was
killed by mistake in an unsanctioned
abduction attempt the president
acknowledged hearing about the reports
and we're working very closely with
Saudi Arabia and with Turkey and they
are working together to figure out what
happened and they want to know what
happened also so a lot of people are
working on it a lot of people and will
be bound very much by that we'll see
I've heard that report but nobody knows
if it's an official report so far it's
just the rumor in the day president
Trump floated a theory of what may have
happened at the Saudi consulate this
narrative also pushed by some Saudi
media was greeted with anger by members
of Congress the Democratic senator for
Maryland sent out this tweet president
Trump's suggestion that Khashoggi is
elaborately planned murder in the Saudis
own consulate was orchestrated by rogue
killers defies reality says chris van
hollen
orders must have come from the top the
u.s. must not be complicit in an effort
to cover up this heinous crime
skepticism also expressed by a former US
ambassador to the UN Samantha power she
says the notion that Mohammed bin Salman
one of the most controlling leaders in
the Middle East didn't know his
government was sending 15 goons to
Turkey to abduct a Saudi critic is
absurd and there's increasing criticism
of the Saudi Crown Prince by senior
members of Congress Democrat Senator
Chris Murphy who serves on the Foreign
Relations Committee had this to say in a
Washington Post opinion piece as the new
Crown Prince engages in increasingly
reckless behavior more and more of us
are wondering whether our allies actions
are in our own best interests the lists
of erratic actions from Mohammed bin
Salman is long the jailing of royal
family members the detention of the
Lebanese Prime Minister
a nonsensical feud with Qatar the
growing internal repression of political
speech and the disastrous war in Yemen
and a tangible response to the growing
climate of criticism the elaborate
National Day celebrations at the Saudi
embassy this week have been canceled
