for the second year in a row president
Donald Trump declined an invitation to
attend the n-double-a-cp convention I'm
not at all disappointed or feel like
we're missing anything since Trump's
election a documented rise of hate
crimes in the US has troubled civil
rights activists a white supremacist
rally in Charlottesville Virginia last
summer ended in the death of a counter
protester Trump blamed the violence on
both sides since then video showing
apparent racism toward blacks at coffee
shops and other businesses have gone
viral and the Trump administration
separated migrant families at the border
in days ago the president declared
Europe was losing its culture and create
racism and hatred
he's only open the door for those two
practices out loud the question now is
how to channel the outrage that many
American minorities feel toward the
Trump administration into something
useful
for that the n-double-a-cp is looking
toward the upcoming midterm elections
hoping that its voters will help
democrats regain control of congress but
turning out black voters in november may
be difficult African American turnout
fell in the 2016 election when the
nation's first black president was no
longer on the ballot many attribute
Hillary Clinton's loss to the lack of
enthusiasm among African Americans
everyone who believes and knows that
this hateful and bigoted administration
needs to be voted out listen to their
country despite the upcoming challenge
few nationally known Democrats are
speaking at the convention
a sign that minority voter turnout in
November will depend on the grassroots
to show up Heidi Joe Castro al Jazeera
San Antonio Texas
