family members are burying 20 year-old
Jaden Vasquez on Friday he was one of
dozens of students entrenched inside a
church for more than 15 hours as
paramilitary forces shot at them his
family says he was hit by a bullet from
an ak-47 according to other students
Vasquez agonized for more than an hour
police allowed ambulances to take out
the wounded Friday night he was not one
of them Vasquez died on Saturday morning
as the siege at the church continued and
there's some sentiment to come on
coastal SEO we feel helpless seeing our
brothers getting killed and we can't do
anything because we don't have weapons
to defend ourselves and we don't really
want them because Nicaragua is no place
for a civil war the government says
students and other political opponents
are terrorists and coup plotters and are
responsible for the deaths of policemen
during the crisis these masked men who
are supporting the government say they
will attack anyone who builds a
barricade rights groups accused them of
going around the country terrorizing the
population they say paramilitary and
government supporters have attacked
members of the National Dialogue group
sabotaging the resolution to the crisis
with this policy the government is not
contributing to a peaceful resolution
it's creating obstacles we urge them to
open channels for a real dialogue nearly
three months of protests around the
country have left more than 300 people
dead and many say the crisis is far from
over many analysts say the government
doesn't really want to negotiate they
say it will continue to respond to
protests with the use of force as they
did here at the church where the
students took cover when you're like
well I can assure you the government is
obstructing dialogue and the way to
destroy it is by putting aside the
bishops as mediators to name some clowns
unconditional to them
political opponents say President Daniel
Ortega and his wife Vice President Assad
Amarillo want to hold on to power
indefinitely but the president's allies
say Ortega's term in office ends in 2021
and they will stay friends of Jerell
Vasquez pleaded to fight the president
until he leaves office
and the small cemetery of the capital
they buried their friend singing the
national anthem a farewell for their
fallen hero
manana Santa Santa si de but now when he
got our
