the bling on showing Congress another
reminder for Mexicans of the yawning gap
between themselves the highly paid
scandal wracked political class that's
why it was music to the ears of many
when incoming president and res Manuel
Lopez Obrador
announced this I'm going to receive a
hundred eight thousand pesos per month
in other words I'm going to receive only
40% of what president Pena Nieto
currently receives as well as cutting
the presidential wage by more than half
he promises to restrict the salaries of
other high earning public servants that
will definitely satisfy his base Lopez
Obrador swept to power on the promise to
battle what he calls the power mafia but
it could also cause problems there are
two dangers on the one hand losing good
public servants on the other hand if you
go very low then you can open the door
for corruption precisely what you are
trying to fight so I mean there is not
that there is a guarantee that will good
salaries there's not gonna be corruption
and we have seen that in nowadays with
the current administration but if you go
very low that door for corruption is
wider the salary cuts at the headlines
but in total Lopez Obrador rolled out
fifty anti-corruption and austerity
promises he says that public servants
will lose their protection from
prosecution and that they'll have no new
cars and a limit on paid advisers trips
abroad and juicy bonuses government
contracts will be observed by the United
Nations Lopez Obrador
also said that the country's Attorney
General's Office long considered a tool
for whoever's in power will have
absolute autonomy but some civil society
groups complain that he's shown little
enthusiasm for their plan to change the
law to guarantee that independence they
say it could be a major sticking point
without an impartial referee to enforce
them the ambitious anti-corruption
policies could count for little John
Holman al Jazeera Mexico City
