keeping a lid on violence in Northern
Ireland is always virtually impossible
but here with the Republican leadership
calling for calm not between the two
traditional sides in the conflicts but
inside its own community the point of
the rally was an attempt by Irish
nationalists to prove they can police
themselves against a rising tide of
anger come along this evening to stand
in solidarity as testimony to the good
people here of Belfast summer always
means trouble
but this wasn't fighting between Irish
Republicans and Pro British loyalists in
the city Republicans called Derry hard
core elements sent children out to throw
stones at the police apparently in the
hope someone might get shot they're
accused of wanting to bring down the
peace process by their own side and
restart the armed struggle that also
explains an attempted attack on the home
of Gerry Adams the former shin Fane
leader who brokered the peace process a
powerful firework more an insult than a
genuine attempt on his life Irish
Republicans but nonetheless at a time of
such political uncertainty in the
province the last thing they need
understand this that you will fail that
we will prevail that we will overcome
and that we will not be denied our
United communities that march onwards to
our united Arnon isolated may be an act
in the heat of summer they hope so the
backdrop of course all of this is a
gigantic power vacuum in Northern Irish
politics with no functioning local
government for 18 months and the British
administration still in terrible trouble
over brexit which could still lead to
the emergence of a hard border in
Ireland it is assumed that the people
who attacked Gerry Adams and set the
riots might want to attack that hard
border as well as a sign of partition in
a still divided Ireland's
in the end this was a display of
shielding gerry adams personally from
harm as well as portraying him as a man
both the peace and of the people the
pictures aimed squarely at the
republican community it has proved over
the course of years its ability to move
away from violence it seems it is now
being goaded not by a traditional enemy
the british but a section of its own
side lawrence Lee al jazeera Belfast
