a wave of joy in Russia after a
thrilling end to a successful World Cup
but after the euphoria what's next for
Moscow and the many challenges it faces
at home and abroad and what lessons for
Qatar the hosts of the next games in
2022 this is inside story
hello there and welcome to the program
I'm Laura Kyle for over a month people
around the world were captivated by a
single event
football's World Cup in Russia the highs
of victory and the lows of defeat were
shared by millions of fans watching on
television and attending the games and
for hosts Russia has been a resounding
success FIFA's president called it the
best tournament ever but Russia's
government hasn't escaped criticism
especially from rights groups who say
it's used the World Cup to distract from
challenges at home I have a lot to get
to with our guests in just a moment but
first Rory challenge has this report
from Moscow the party is almost over
many of the visitors have gone already
but this country is still glowing the
past month has been a tonic for Russia
often people here feel the world is
against them perhaps now that perception
is changing we are enjoying the trip
knowing have no price to feud that
reception to the Brazilians Russia is a
big beautiful country people of Russia
are so nice a World Cup hasn't raised
accusations of Russian authoritarianism
human rights concerns or the fragility
of its economy but for a while at least
it's allowed Russia to feel positive
about itself without the usual
undercurrent of confrontation probably
because of our problems we got drowned
in politics and economics and this
championship became a gulp of fresh air
it let us breathe and forget about
everything
next week we'll think about what's
happening in our country but now we're
just enjoying the celebration officially
the review is no less positive FIFA's
president Gianni Infantino gave his
verdict on Friday a resounding thumbs-up
I lifted a new lift it is the best World
Cup ever little went wrong much went
right Russian policing not renowned for
its soft touch was on best behavior a
country that often struggles with
infrastructure managed to move
two matches in cities hundreds sometimes
thousands of kilometers apart
Russia's World Cup may be earning
plaudits for its efficient security and
organization but that by itself is not
enough for a great party you also need a
little bit of magic and that happened
here on Nikolas car streets in central
Moscow it spontaneously established
itself as the beating heart of this
world Carrefour place where Russia and
the world got together and had a ball
before matches Russians and foreigners
partied hard after matches win lose or
draw they partied harder analyst
Alexander bound-off thinks there's a big
demand for this new mood in Russia
Russians had been typed to be in in this
high alert against the rest of the world
they were happy to find an in themselves
a different side of patriotism not the
violent side of the agitation but that
you are able to be patriotic and to show
your patriotic feeling in hospitality
winning hosting rights for the World Cup
was important enough for Vladimir Putin
that he personally accepted the honor in
Zurich in 2010 but interestingly he's
been a marginal figure for much of the
tournaments one or two photo ops
attending the opening match and the
final the chroman has perhaps realized
that heavy handed official PR is not
needed
Putin has left Russians to present their
best face to the world and it's worked
well we challenge al Jazeera Moscow
well let's bring in our guests now and
joining us from moscow maria lipman an
independent russian and analyst from
london bill law founder of gulf masses
and contributor to middle east ein and
also joining us from moscow via Skype
Rob Harris a global football writer for
The Associated Press news agency a very
warm welcome to all of you Rob let me
start with you because you've been there
in Russia covering the World Cup you're
now at the airport by coming to us via
Skype because we're just about to leave
was it the best World Cup ever well
certainly on the pitch it produced some
really thrilling performances shock some
great games that made it sort an open
field and indeed helps the television
ratings and it helps to sort of drive up
revenue for furn obviously the stadium's
as well they've already on time and the
Russian state was able to mobilize all
its resources to ensure that the right
perimeters are in place and the right
infrastructure was there around them so
in terms of that it's gonna be hard to
judge there whether it's the best ever I
think you have to take a long-term view
on that in terms of safety the legacy
was the investment worth it were the
stadium's actually used in the long term
by regular and Club sides and indeed how
do the people react that other actually
changes in the country as well as a
result do they do the relaxation of laws
they stay in place in the long term I'd
be looking at them a purely Cortlandt
perspective it was certainly an
engrossing tournament we will absolutely
get to the legacy in just a moment first
of all bill your thoughts did anyone
expect it to be as good as it was well
in terms of a football no I don't think
so I thought it was a superb World Cup
in terms of how Russia handle it I think
the Russians did themselves
proud I think that they assured
themselves quite adept they were able to
present an image of Russia to the world
that was open and hospitable and
welcoming there is another side to
Russia of course that is the
authoritarian side but mr. Putin was
able to shed that particular garment and
put on a much friendlier coat
Maria Chris give us a feeling of what
it's been like to feel it's felt like to
be Russian over these past few weeks and
months well those were amazing weeks
with people rejoicing on the streets of
Moscow in other cities and for other
cities it is even more remarkable
because in Russia we have more
foreigners and we're more used to
international events of course not of
that scope what of course was totally
amazing was these crowds of people
speaking in different languages wrapped
up in their national colours the flags
and painting with their faces and the
Russians totally welcoming and as happy
as the guests and happy to show Russia
as indeed a hospitable and welcoming
country forgetting that the world was up
against Russia forgetting that enemies
that that foreigners were enemies as the
national media have professed have
announced for for at least a few years
now so it was indeed as I think one
muscovite said in your footage a gulp of
fresh air it was unlike anything else
that we've seen in the past years so
Maria what's more close to the closer to
the truth this open friendly country or
the hostile enemy of the west well I
think it's more complicated no country
is just one thing and it is indeed true
that Russia is authoritarian and there
are problems to say the least with human
rights but it's not the whole thing and
it may be disappointing to human rights
activists but people are not over
focused on human rights and even those
who are could get distracted and
actually enjoyed getting distracted and
enduring the World Cup with everybody
else well what is the other side of
Russia I think we will be reminded quite
soon it will be interesting to see how
the summit between Trump and Putin will
go and what the results will be but but
of course the way the Russian people
were readjusted to being open and
rejoicing and happy to welcome to host
foreigners from all over the world
those that are in fact it is also there
it just depends on what the environment
is and whether people are under pressure
or not they were not for the weeks of
the World Cup Rob how much do you think
it helps should I say that Putin took
very much a backseat during this World
Cup he was out at the beginning and he
was there at the end but not much in the
middle and in the beginning in the
run-up to the event it was called
Putin's Cup but it really wasn't was it
well he wasn't at very many games he's
not known to be a particularly big
football fan but he was there front and
center enough for him to base and get
the reflected glory I think of the
certainly the success with some stains a
PR coup for Russia that they managed to
detoxify the image to use human rights
groups who say actually that's the
matter of sports cleansing the fact
you're using a sports event and
hopefully distract people from some of
the issues that persist but the fact he
actually stayed away do not keep the
politics away from this world after them
even at the final did attend Sudanese
president charged with genocide and
crimes against humanity was there about
the vvi Pierre is so that just shows how
it's very hard to detach the politics
from the football but I think he
probably recognized that during a World
Cup people just want to actually focus
on the games and the matches do take
over and the thrills the spills that the
likes of Spain struggling the holders
Germany going out in the group stage and
it really ensures that the actual
players and other stars and indeed the
fans men and their local Russians
because they were the front and face of
this World Cup for the likes of my
selves who were going round to cities in
many cases cities that were closed
cities during Soviet times who aren't
used to big impacts of foreigners and
you did seem very welcoming bill do you
think that once the euphoria has rubbed
off we're gonna have a bit of a hard
landing in Russia and how hard that's
going to be or will this positive vibe
be able to carry Russians through for a
little bit longer well I suspect it's
going to be a return to what what Russia
was you know a few weeks ago which is a
hard-line Authority
state where critics are dealt with
dissidents is discouraged I think the
issue is that Russia faces haven't gone
away the economic issues are very big
and troubling for many Russians I think
that yeah they've had this opportunity
to enjoy this World Cup and and good on
them it's been a fantastic few weeks but
I do think that those problems are not
they haven't disappeared they're still
there they're real and and mr. Putin
regardless of what he accomplishes with
Donald Trump is still going to have to
deal with them it's a question of how he
deals them I suspect he will deal with
them as he has done in the past which is
to attempt to silence all criticism and
when it comes to the economy has there
been much of a boost seen by ordinary
Russians because of this world cup well
I think yes I'm sure that the economy
has taken a bounce up but again that
that's a that's a short-term fix and
clearly there was a lot of beer and
alcohol that vendors who benefited from
this world cup intent and lots of
souvenirs and kits and and all those
sorts of proceeds the big winner in this
I suspect is FIFA in terms of the
financial gain I don't think that it's
going to have a lasting economic impact
I could stand to be corrected on that
but that's my interpretation um Rob the
the stadium's Putin promised that
there'd be sustainable homes to vibrant
football clubs was that a sense that you
got I mean some of these idioms are in
very sort of remote places aren't they
very far from Moscow yeah man they are
scattered around the country I'm
thinking to one in Samara that was built
right it's the middle of the forest and
some of them do not have top-flight
clubs they might have a team in the
second division which means it's hard to
fill them when they've got tens of
thousands of seats and perhaps not the
audience there and then even singing
Volgograd yesterday just as the finals
taking place some sort of mudslide
around the stadium obviously yeah maybe
they didn't quite foresee next to the
water there but that is generated from
in Russia and in many of these wells on
their stage in countries that require a
lot of infrastructure to be built the
fact it isn't necessarily needs in the
long term
quickly all this stadia with vast
hospitality facilities and obviously the
question many Russians will have good
what's of any use spent on
infrastructure away from football where
are there are a lot of questions within
Russia as to why so much money was spent
on stadiums and as Rob said so much
hospitality infrastructure surrounding
them well uh I think this is not
something that will be questioned and
there is a various term limits who are
how accountable the Russian government
is do its people in fact I would say
that it's not I think people are happy
are those in those cities where new
stadiums were built or old stadiums were
upgraded these were will be the places
for people to use and I think the
Russian people in general think that the
expenses even if they are very high were
worth it much worse than on other issues
that big expenditures are relocated by
the government people did have fun and
they will have wonderful memories and I
don't think expenditures will be issued
but and I agree that it will not give a
boost to the economy certainly not ok
and we touched earlier on the human
rights issues Maria I mean Human Rights
Watch says that the World Cup was a lost
opportunity that football's governing
body could have used the event as some
form of leverage over the Kremlin do you
agree with that well no I don't think so
I think we should look at these things
separate and indeed they come through
any country or several things at the
same time it's not totally focused on
one and not the other and especially a
country as large and diverse as Russia
has all of it it has people who are
really happy to be open to the world and
to enjoy the grand event and to show the
openness and by the way in his opening
words are before the World Cup Putin
said we open our country and it will
open our hearts to you and in a sense
this was true for those weeks but at the
same time there is politics and there is
domestic
politics and there's a crackdown on
freedoms and liberties and of course
there is a very very difficult problem
of their relations with the West if the
recent NATO summit is any indication the
perception of Russia has not changed
because of this extremely successful
world cup the NATO summit was held
during the World Cup and the the final
statement of that summit is absolutely
the same as far as the perception of
Russia in the West is concerned a list
of accusations Russia seen is a threat
the West totally unwilling to recognize
that any responsibility for the current
confrontation dangerous confrontation is
on the west itself okay let's throw the
discussion forward to 2022 russia's
President Vladimir Putin has passed the
ball to the next World Cup host cattle
now the country's leader Sheikh Tamim
bin Hamad al-thani joined Putin and
FIFA's president as an official handover
ceremony at the Kremlin on Sunday Qatar
will be the first country in the Middle
East to host the World Cup and the games
will be held in the cooler months of
November and December the Qatari Emir
says he's confident that 2022 will be a
success but Qatar has been under an
economic blockade for more than a year
Saudi Arabia UAE Egypt and Bahrain cut
diplomatic ties last June it organizers
say this has had very little impact on
preparations to Anika's roster has more
LaSalle stadium over here will host both
the opening game and the final and when
it's finished in around two years time
it will seat around 80,000 spectators
now with the tournament being moved to
December
it also means those fans will avoid the
kind of summer heat that we're
experiencing today as part of its
winning bid Qatar promised to take apart
many of the stadiums at the end of the
World Cup and send sections to
developing countries to help them grow
the game of course that's only part of
the legacy Qatar's leaders and world cup
organisers are still hoping football can
bring this region closer together
now Rob what lessons should cat our take
away from Russia because cattles hosting
also has a lot of controversy attached
to it well I think that's one of the
main things is ensuring fans actually
have something to do I think a lot of
fans were surprised in Russia by the
ability to see new sights and to travel
the country and to experience the new
things so actually it's it's actually
keeping them entertained
knowing that they're perhaps aren't as
many as much tourist infrastructure in
Qatar as well there will be questions
obviously as always about the
availability of alcohol but then in
Russia even there there actually
restrictions in place but it is actually
about the travel that I think fans will
notice in cation Russia it's been very
challenging at times all flights not to
go through Moscow even when you're
scattered around the country and perhaps
the big thing that fans will notice
something cat R is the fact that you
don't have to fly anywhere and actually
logistical e it should be simpler for
them absolutely a big questions how do
you keep all these people entertained
and billed as cat or have what has what
it takes to be as amazing as it's
promising well I think Laura that's the
pink the big challenge that door and
caught our faces I mean the thing about
Russia was that yes the fans from
approach there was some trepidation some
concerns about hooliganism but when they
got there they found the Russians very
welcoming very opening so that was a
pleasant surprise and yes the travel was
challenging but they got to see this
enormous country and and and it was
exciting I think that difficulty with
with Doha and I don't I don't want to
knock the city it's got some fabulous
architecture it's got a wonderful Museum
of Islamic art but there isn't that much
going on and if you think about British
tourists who go to Dubai they get the
full treatment in terms of all of the
available tourist sites I'm not sure
that door has the same as the same
capabilities I think it's gonna be a
real issue and the alcohol is Rob
mentioned that's another issue one can't
imagine a world cup without gallons and
gallons of beer being consumed by by
fans particularly right there say
English fans so yeah there are I think
they're gonna be big challenges on that
I think it's gonna be a challenge too in
terms of the football because if you
think about it they're playing in in
November and December that's going to
really interrupt the professional
leagues the Premier League for example a
lot of players went went to Russia from
the Premier League and I'm not sure that
fans are going to be that tickled about
seeing their teams and their seasons
disrupted by by this solution to the
issue of the heat in the summer moving
it into into November and December well
but it have made a difference do you
think if they'd made a joint regional
bid something like we're seeing in 2026
the US Canada and Mexico if we'd had
some kind of region-wide World Cup in
2022 I think that was not very much
thoughts in months the genesis of the
discussions before Vasily's alter the
bid but people were too keen on it's
almost did lead to this singular path
out of it a joint bid across the region
would actually help spread the burden of
the stadiums I think a lot of people do
quick and why and if cattle needs to
spend the money building so many
stadiums when it does not have the need
for necessary afterwards obviously what
the organizers say is something will be
broken down and some of the parts then
will be spread out particularly parts of
Africa
but actually the building is not
required look also there is stress on
the logistics and infrastructure in cats
are the fact there is only the one
Airport and there are and you know
really the hotels around Omaha and the
air was gonna actually built up to
accommodate tens of thousands of fans
and the teams and the officials whereas
actually that burden would have been
spread out across the region and perhaps
who knows maybe the issues that we've
seen in the last year with the boycotts
by the neighbors would not have happened
if they were actually all part of a
unified World Cup project they had to
deliver in 2023
yeah that's quite a thought isn't it um
Maria what other controversy is of
course migrant workers rights there was
a similar issue being faced in Russia
wasn't there in did the spotlight being
shown on the workers rights especially
the construction workers the
construction workers who were building
the stadiums did that make any
difference well actually as a matter of
fact the problem of migrant workers
in Russia has become less acute in
recent years and I would say it wants
acute than his in Europe right now thing
is that we had this problem and I'm
sorry to say racial ethnic sentiments
who were really high and I'm talking
here about 2013 for instance when the
mayoral election in Moscow were along
the racial lines both as far as the
incumbent campaign is concerned and that
of his opponent but since then well for
two reasons one of them being that the
Russian economy in general is on decline
so we need less migrant workers
workforce and there have become less of
an irritant to Metro in big urban
centers and the other is the annexation
of Crimea which kind of overshadowed
they are ethnic nationalism and replaced
it by state nationalism or call it
Imperial and nationalist as you like so
the sentiment the negative sentiment
tell with people with different
experience different features different
colors have not been that acute bill
just in the last minute that we have the
euphoria of the event rubs off do we see
a return then to all the major issues
that Russia faces when it looks out of
the world yeah I think we do I think
that Russia will still have to contend
with all of those issues and and and the
world in Europe will have to contend
with with Russia the challenges haven't
gone away the World Cup was a respite it
was a break we all enjoyed it
terrific but the real world comes back
in and intervenes and there are many
many issues many areas of friction not
least of which is Syria and Anna during
the World Cup the Russians and Bashar
Assad they secured a significant victory
which consolidates Assad and and really
secures him in the long term as the
Syrian leader these are not times that
that that are going to go away those
issues those frictions will remain and
and I think that football is something
you enjoy for the time but the real
world comes back and and will continue
to challenge us and indeed enjoyable for
a time it was many thanks indeed for our
guests for joining us today maria lipman
bill door and
Paris and thank you too for watching you
can see the program again any time by
visiting our website that's
aljazeera.com and a further discussion
do go to our Facebook page
that's facebook.com for /aj Inside Story
you can also join the conversation on
twitter our handle is at aj inside story
from me
laura Kyle and the whole team here is
bye for now
you
you
