a caravan of paramilitary forces
operating in the open the masked men are
backed by the government rights groups
have accused them of carrying out
attacks on people in the cities of
Mosiah Granada and the surrounding areas
impressive it's a situation without
precedent we are submitted to a terror
war where there's no rule of law where
anyone kills you or kidnapped you we've
never lived something like this before
and despite this Nicaraguans are showing
their ability to resist the government
says it's fighting against opponents
plotting against it but international
organisations say the government is
condoning the disproportionate use of
force against civilians
what we condemn the repressive acts we
are seeing around the country including
harassment individual and collective
detentions houses being marked and
deaths we are very worried about what's
going on rights groups here say
paramilitary groups in some neighborhood
in Messiah kidnapped people from their
homes and they secured them they say the
gunmen are operating with police
protection in Managua many Nicaraguan
say they are not afraid to fight
government forces even without weapons
despite the dangers we will continue
fighting to have a free country because
we deserve it
opposition groups are no match to the
heavily armed paramilitary forces and
human rights organizations have urged
the government to bring an end to the
violence in our reports we emphasize the
need to clarify who are these mass
forces that seem to operate in the
country with impunity
an attack on Sunday left at least 10
people dead it came a day after
paramilitary forces attacked students
trapped inside a church in Managua in a
siege throughout the night that lasted
more than 15 hours two students were
killed and more than 10 wounded
the crisis in Makara was quickly
spiraling from peaceful protests
demanding pension reforms to
indiscriminate attacks of illegal forces
in joint operations with police acting
with impunity around the country Ariana
Sanchez al Jazeera Managua Nicaragua
