arriving in Helsinki on Air Force One
ahead of his day-long summit with
Vladimir Putin Donald Trump prides
himself on being the master negotiator
at this meeting though when it comes to
the experience of international
diplomacy he is the novice he's been in
office for just 18 months his Russian
counterpart has served as prime minister
or president for 18 years
Putin seen here with the French
president Emmanuel macron hours before
his country's victory in the World Cup
will be hoping once again to take center
stage on the world's political arena his
country was kicked out of the g8 after
the annexation of Crimea it faced
sanctions for that and widespread
condemnation for election meddling and
for its involvement in Syria
what does Trump want out of the summit
some officials close to him say the
president is beginning to enjoy his role
on the world stage causing disruption in
recent days at NATO and on a trip to the
UK reportedly he bragged that there were
more cameras in Singapore for his
meeting with the North Korean leader Kim
jong-un than for the Oscars in a u.s. TV
interview he said he believes his
face-to-face diplomacy can achieve
results I think it's a good thing for to
meet I do believe in meetings I look I
believe that having a meeting with
chairman Kim was a good thing I think
having meetings with the president of
China was a very good thing I believe
it's really good so having meetings with
Russia China North Korea I believe in it
I nothing Bad's gonna come out of it and
maybe some good will come up there is no
formal agenda for these talks president
Trump says he wants a loose meeting and
he said at one point he may meet his
Russian counterpart one on one that I
can tell you worries some of the u.s.
his closest allies who are concerned
what he might agree to James BAE's al
Jazeera Helsinki
