what should the world expect from the
Trump put in summit in Helsinki
accusations of election tampering the
war in Syria Ukraine and arms control
are issues at stake between the US and
Russia so where the two leaders reach a
common ground this is inside story
hello and welcome to the program I am
Hoshi mahabhava US president general
Trump and Russian leader Vladimir Putin
are expected to hold their first
one-on-one meeting in Helsinki on Monday
but the two leaders will hold some of
those meetings without their aides and
that worrying diplomats Trump has been
under pressure to cancel the summit
altogether that's after the US Justice
Department charged 12 Russians with
hacking the Democratic Party and Hillary
Clinton during the 2016 election
campaign president Trump has promised to
confront putting on the issue we'll
bring in our guests shortly but first
this report from our diplomatic editor
James bass Helsinki a city that during
the Cold War was used as one of the few
places where Western allies and the
Soviet Union could talk some believe
relations are almost at a Cold War level
again yet one leader keeps talking up
the positive and I said Putin may be the
easiest of them all you never know the
biggest blow to relations was Russia's
seizure of Crimea from Ukraine the first
time a part of one country had been
stolen by another in Europe since World
War two at the time it was condemned by
the US NATO and the EU however in recent
days at two news conferences in Belgium
and the UK President Trump was asked if
Russia should give back Crimea and each
time he dodged the question what will
happen with Crimea from this point on
that I can't tell you well we'll have to
see what happens far from here the
Syrian war seems to be entering its
final phases the Assad regime with
support from its allies Iran and Russia
has the upper hand the US and Israel
want to reduce Iranian presence in the
country and its influence in the region
could there be a grand bargain in the
works only days ago Israeli Prime
Minister Benjamin Netanyahu was in
Moscow Putin could perhaps persuade
Assad to ask Iran to leave his country
Trump could lift objections to
as control of Crimea far-fetched perhaps
but just listen to the way the Ukrainian
ambassador to the UN is clinging to
previous statements by members of the US
administration on Crimea I think that
and that was confirmed several times by
many many other US officials from mr.
Bolton to the the the the spokesman for
the White House and and many other
officials who confirmed that the
principal policy of the US will stay the
same that that the illegal annexation of
Crimea by Russia should never be
recognized remarkably for part of this
summit in Finland's presidential palace
Trump is likely to meet Putin alone just
as he did in Singapore with Kim jong-un
in June the u.s. is closest allies are
worried what this most unpredictable
president might agree to behind these
walls James BAE's al Jazeera Helsinki
just a few days ahead of that meeting
the US Department of Justice charged 12
Russian intelligence officers for
hacking into the emails of Hillary
Clinton's staff during the 2016
presidential campaign it's the first
time US officials have directly charged
Russia's government of meddling the
indictment and says the defendant stole
documents from computers belonging to
Clinton and her Democratic Party and
made them public while working for the
Russian military intelligence those
accused allegedly used a technique
called spear fishing where they send
emails with virus attached and the
spying software russia's Foreign
Ministry has denied the allegations and
says the indictment was time to damage
the upcoming summit in her thinking
let's bring in our panel joining us from
the US state of Virginia Thomas
Pickering who is a former US ambassador
to Russia in Berlin tossed him Boehner
director of the global Public Policy
Institute and in Moscow
Pavel Falcon how're a columnist at
Novaya Gazeta on defense at military
affairs welcome to you or Thomas I'd
like to ask you this particular question
about the upcoming summit do you think
it is definitely going to be a
confrontational one given the mounting
pressure from both countries no I don't
I think President Trump remains totally
unpredictable so anything I have to tell
you here is based on the best guest
president Trump has continued over years
to in one way or another soft-pedal
flatter coddle President Putin with the
idea in mind obviously that at some
point he's going to be able to use that
as a successful way to negotiate
something with President Putin that can
read down to his advantage
after all President Trump is in many
ways the classic ego narcissist and what
he achieves is very much his own
publicity and his own self-promotion
ideas of u.s. citrus seem to be
secondary
as they were in Singapore with Kim Jong
Hwan when at the end he stepped forward
and said quite unexpectedly he was
ending military cooperation and
exercises with the Republic of Korea
something that no one expected and
apparently something for which he got
nothing or very little in return so
there is deep uncertainty America is
divided and President Trump in the
Republican Party and most of the
stalwarts and most of the people that
the good Ukrainian ambassador just spoke
about are people who don't share Trump's
unpredictability his rather benign news
about President Putin okay and that
division is there but not controlling as
we have seen this week into really quite
disastrous meetings at NATO and with
mrs. May in which Trump acted up on his
own so expect the unknown the
unpredicted the unorthodox coming out of
this meeting from President Trump okay
Dustin do you think this is going to be
about substance or the fireworks will
ultimately just boil down to the style
of the meeting it's it's hard to tell
but certainly Europeans are worried
these are two leaders meeting who share
a distaste for a strong Europe distaste
for liberal democracy a distaste for the
truth a distaste for alliances and Trump
has already been wrecking the Atlantic
Alliance during his trip to Brussels and
London this week and many Europeans
asked what worse is in store at the same
time I think mr. Trump has said like
Putin may be the easiest of them all I
don't agree with that the meeting with
President Putin will be very tough for
mr. Trump it was easy to use the Allies
in in Brussels as just support actors
that can be shouted at and pushed around
and denigrated he cannot do that with
President Putin and it will be very hard
to come up with a result that he can
brand as a success will be much harder
than at the at the Brussels meeting
Pavel the meeting will come against the
backdrop of the indictment of
well Russian intelligence officers by
the United States Department of Justice
is this something which is likely to top
the agenda of the meeting between the
two leaders well surely it won't top the
agenda neither poor president putin and
neither president actually Trump wants
to talk about that or interested to talk
about that well maybe for the record
trampled say I mentioned it right I said
to Putin that it is not good and that's
it and he more or less speaking at the
press conference Thursday in Brussels
Trump's order said well yes I'll mention
Russian interference and that's it
the he'll say and Putin or say he
doesn't on that let's the end of story
they have a big lot on their plate
already I believe both sides both
presidents really want to have a deal
and maybe a deal was coming I don't know
but they're both wanted mm-hmm these
things I mean with the elections and
with the Russian interference that's not
what Trump is interested at all
well but that's not the sentiment voice
by the American people who pretty much
concerned ambassador Pickering national
security adviser Bolton said that he
doesn't believe that Putin didn't have
any knowledge about the meddling Russia
meddling into the 2016 election is this
something which is likely going to be a
top priority for President Trump during
the meeting no I agree with my old
friend Pavel I think President Trump is
already signaled that of course he will
do the necessary and raised the question
and he said yesterday is the pressure in
the heat on him from the United States
grew that he had never thought of
extradition but we all know there's no
extradition treaty we all know that
Russia doesn't extradite its own
nationals it's just a point of one way
or another seeing if he can satisfy some
complaints but his own ignorance of the
details and the facts in the situation
come through time
and time again I think the really
interesting question is whether they can
come to an agreement I don't believe the
question of election meddling or indeed
the 12 indictments in one way or another
is going to block the meaning or the
progress that they hope to achieve the
real deep concern in the United States
is that Putin is so well prepared so
much the master of the situation so much
the kind of forceful presenter of his
own view that he in one way or another
will roll president Trump much the way
that Kim Jong on did the interesting
question here is there are three levels
of possible outcomes here one is the
lower level in which things like perhaps
the re-establishment of some of the
consulates opening up of a little bit of
relationships bringing some more
diplomats back some trade issues and
things of that sort the second level
much more important there things like
Syria and how to deal with that and the
third level is obviously the question of
the nuclear equation between the two are
the uncertainties that have become I
think more dominant and more okay I
think difficult and perhaps dangerous in
the situation over INF and nuclear
weapons number okay and things of that
Torsten I mean the two leaders are into
the thick of major differences about big
issues let's start with the annexation
of Crimea what is it that the Americans
can hope to change now when it's almost
too late we're talking about almost
three years after the event took place
look what Pablo said is like what kind
of deal is is possible and Europeans are
rightly worried that a deal will be
concluded over their heads on issues
such as the European security order
Europeans especially Eastern Europeans
are very worried that mr. Trump may
agree to canceling the military
exercises on NATO's eastern flank as a
gesture toward President President Putin
on Ukraine if they can achieve progress
without selling out
crane and its interests that would be
very welcome on Syria if they can
achieve progress without selling out
civilians that would be welcome
similarly on arms control progress with
we will welcome but it really really
depends on the terms that will be agreed
among leaders pavel are the russians
prepared for any source of concessions
when it comes to the to crimea no on
Crimea there will be no concessions and
actually Crimea is not right now being
discussed I mean the Trump cannot
possibly legally kind of grant Crimea to
Putin and the fact of which already has
Crimea I believe that the outcome of the
summit is going to be some kind of
declaration that there's some kind of
de-escalation declaration that both
sides are going to work for further
progress and there's going to be
follow-on talks between the Secretary of
State and the Russian Foreign Minister
and so on but on really what's going to
happen and can happen in the direct
talks between Putin and Trump that they
can reach some kind of handshake
agreement both leaders like and they
prefer such kind of agreements Trump is
a businessman Putin with the so-called
cuts on culture in Russia where under
unofficial agreements are much more
important than the ratified and signed
treaties and they can agree they can
agree basically on Iran America wants
the center right now very big pressure
on Iran Russia could kind of maybe stand
aside and be official yes but not
intervene ok and for Putin the most
important thing is Ukraine
okay we will talk about those issues one
by one ambassador Pickering when it
comes to the arms control deal the new
strategic arms reduction treaty which
expires in 2021 what are the likely
scenarios are we going to see both
parties agree on how to move forward
they're two likely scenarios one which
President Putin raised last year on the
telephone and from president Trump
didn't know what it was but he consulted
his advisors and they said all that was
Obama you don't want to do that we may
have moved on from that it certainly
would make sense to do that and the idea
that there would be a handshake and that
would be continued as Pavel has outlined
I think makes a certain amount of sense
certainly the Trump would would prefer
that Trump can't take anything from this
particular set of conversations with
President Putin back to the United
States for congressional endorsement the
situation is too difficult now the
demonization of Russia is too extensive
the risks are too great the distrust of
mr. Putin is so great what we are seeing
potentially is something like Singapore
where the two go in where they come out
with the communique which really is a
blah blah blah document it says very
little makes no commitments there may be
some handshakes to get revealed later on
as I described and then we'll see where
it goes but mr. Putin and mr. Trump will
emerge from this certainly perhaps
echoing the notion that they have made
some real progress in some agreement
because each will benefit from it in
their own way and that will be something
that is important to watch but the
content I think will be equally
disappointing and and will in a sense
roll out the bit the way the North
Korean has Pompeo will have an
impossible job and he will continue to
be rebuffed at each stage and putting
anything from the summit into concrete
shape toastin the last few days were
really interesting in the sense we've
seen Trump lambasting allies in the EU
Canada and also NATO you go to the UN it
to the Russia or you go to Helsinki to
meet with Trump when you have been
sending disparaging remarks against your
own allies in the region
isn't this something that could diminish
his leverage whatever limit leverage he
might have in talking with Pugh
I don't think it diminishes mr. Trump's
leverage mr. Putin is rightly suspicious
on whether whether mr. Trump could
deliver on any promises he may make to
him mr. Trump may be unhinged but he's
not unconstrained and he has Congress
and also part of his own parts of his
own administration that are deeply
distrustful of any outreach to mr. Putin
any deals that that could be made for
Europeans of course this is a is a
terrible situation to see these two
entire Europeans congregate and hash out
plans that could very much be harmful to
Europeans at the same time it's a
reminder that we Europeans need to come
up with our own agenda Vasavi Russia
German Foreign Minister mas has talked
about a new auspi lytic that we need to
devise what's our vision for a European
security order that includes Russia for
outreach to to Russia for dealing with
Russia I think it's a reminder that we
shouldn't leave that to trump and Putin
but that we need to make our own
policies on that front Pavel the the
Americans say that the Russians are not
reliable when it comes to reducing the
nuclear warheads the Russians on the
other hand accused NATO and the
Americans of expanding East words
towards Russia how can they potentially
make some concessions when it comes to
both or find some common ground when it
comes to those differences well women in
the kind of counting of warheads thing
well there we have still the start three
treaty
it could be prolonged basically that's
good enough we have problems with an F
that's a serious issue but that's most
likely not what Putin and Trump are
going to be talking about I don't think
that Trump is very much interested in
counting warheads at all Trump right now
in the region of the Middle East and in
general his main aim is to put maximum
pressure on Iran and he's not very much
interested in the
offensive the Baltics or with Ukraine
and you said so so there's a kind of
convergence of interest if if Russia
stands aside when Trump zeroes in very
hard pressure on Iran American in return
could sign the sort of stand aside when
Russia puts more pressure on Ukraine to
press it in into concessions and that I
that I see as a possible deal that they
could make between the interest of the
two men they're sort of there if not
they coincide at least they're not
against each other okay ambassador
Pickering but don't you think that this
could be the right moment to take on
President Putin the man faces problems
internally a rising fuel prices a plan
to increase retirement age which is
creating some problems internally
couldn't this be an opportunity for the
Americans to push putting into
concessions Trump has two ways of
dealing with people depending upon how
he sees them strong people that he
admires and he thinks are significant
and can deliver well probably in part
because they come from systems that are
very authoritarian he flatters he cozies
up to he in public says what wonderful
people they are sometimes he threatens
them ahead of time but stage two is
where he gets to delivery and he hopes
to get that delivery I think with
President Putin on the basis that honey
gets much further than vitriol now we'll
wait and see people he doesn't respect
get the hard treatment missus Megan the
NATO partners did and so on and the hard
treatment is designed to break them down
so that when it comes time to strike the
deal at the end he sees himself in a
superior position the really interesting
question is whether President Putin can
really deliver on irani and evacuation
from Syria which is clearly what isn't
in Trump would like anything that in one
way or another punishes there pushes
Iran
would be useful for him Bibi Netanyahu
likes it he's been to see President
Putin but President Assad doesn't like
it and President Assad one way or
another as a certain command of the
situation that can't be totally ignored
particularly because he's been able to
expand with Russian help his capacity to
deal in southwestern Syria one of the
uncontrolled areas of the government in
a way that has pushed the others the
rebels and the others away and created
moralization for himself and Iranian
help has been unusually important their
own thoughts whether it aid whether Iran
can be pushed back say 80 kilometers
from the border which the Israelis would
like that'll be an interesting question
we will have called and see what can
happen and whether in fact for President
Putin can deliver on on that particular
issue of Syria I would like to raise
this issue with a toss turn people would
say at the same time why would you blame
Trump for mistakes that were not made
under his watch
Syria is seen by many as a blunder by
the Obama administration Syria is
certainly a blunder by all Western
actors by actually by all actors
involved in it's a crime on the part of
the Russian administration that has done
so much to destroy lives in Syria and
that's something mr. Trump should
definitely bring up with with mr. Putin
and now Syria's of course also mr.
Trump's problem as the Assad forces are
closing in on those areas that are still
held by by rebels or by forces that are
allied or used to be allied with the US
there's quite a bit to discuss but I
share ambassador Pickering skepticism
that Russia would be able to deliver on
Iran
okay parva in less than a minute please
now that the Russians have made
significant impact in Russia do you thin
Syria do you think they are willing to
make a compromise that would set aside
Iran and pave the way for a permanent
peace in Syria well at least Putin can
promise
you do his best and also of course Siri
is important for Russia but not as
important as Ukraine the main problem
right now for Putin is to do something
with Ukraine the real estate as quo is
unacceptable and that's where he's his
main interest is going to lie
compromises on Syria are possible I see
your point thank you very much indeed
for your contribution Thomas Pickering
tossin Benna pavel fergan ha thank you
very much indeed for your contribution
to the program and thank you too for
watching you can see the program again
any time by visiting our website
aljazeera.com for further discussion go
to our Facebook page
that's facebook.com forward slash AJ
inside story you can also join the
conversation on twitter our handle is at
aj inside story from me Hacha Muhammad
and the whole team here bye for now
you
