why alone and ciaossu say they were just
doing their job the journalists were
investigating the death of Tamra in
German in Rakhine State last December
when police officers invited them to
dinner they soon discovered what was
really on the menu this ad arrived were
handed some documents and were put under
arrest shortly after the journalists of
the news agency Reuters are now charged
with breaching the Official Secrets Act
dating back to 1923 after a pre-trial
that lasted six months we didn't commit
any crime but I would like to say in
relation to the court's decision today
is that we will not give up the court's
decision is not the decision that we are
guilty even though we are charged we are
not guilty we have an opportunity to
defend ourselves in the upcoming
sessions we will testify to our
innocence we will not tremble before the
charges laid on us the charges led to
condemnation worldwide and are seen as a
test for press freedom in Myanmar you
have had evidence introduced which
effectively said that the case against
the two journalists why alone
and-and-and-and ja so who was a put-up
that the police intentionally handed
them documents precisely so they could
arrest them and charge them under the
Official Secrets Act by any
international measure of judicial
process it's been a farce so far right
it's been a travesty of justice the
government of Nobel laureate Aung San su
Chi is facing international condemnation
after a military crackdown on the range
a minority that the UN has called
textbook ethnic cleansing it is
estimated that thousands were killed
more than 700 thousand have fled to
Bangladesh in a recent interview on Sun
Tzu Chi denied the case against the two
journalists is connected to the
investigation into the killings of reh√©n
Jia when I'm trying to achieve won the
elections three years ago media and
Myanmar turned from one of the most
restricted in Asia to one of the freest
but his new freedoms didn't last long
rights groups say that now media and
Myanmar have become another victim of
the crackdown against our hinge a
minority the Committee to Protect
Journalists has recorded cases of
violence arrests and intimidation of
journalists in media
in the past year several were charged
with the telecommunications law that
carries a maximum penalty of three years
in prison and can be used by anyone who
feels insulted by a publication the
trial against the Reuters journalists is
expected to last several weeks step
fasten al-jazeera Bangkok
