they have always been plenty of talented
young Croatian footballers rising up
through clubs like Dinamo Zagreb coach
Robert Burton 'its remembers training
Luka Modric long before he became an
international football star with
moderate shaky player in the final
Robert can hardly contain his excitement
Rocket Eshkol opposite it's hard to
describe my emotions just like everyone
in Croatia I can't wait for the final to
start it's going to be one of the
greatest moments in our modern history
Luka Modric is talent shown despite him
being made a refugee during the Yugoslav
war in the 1990s and despite the fact
that investment has never been a
priority in Croatian football you would
think that for a country with so many
world-class players Croatia would have
world-class facilities but it doesn't
even have a national stadium in fact
this one built during the Communist era
and home to Dinamo Zagreb is the next
best thing and it hasn't had an upgrade
in nearly 20 years followers of the game
in Croatia say years of corruption and
mismanagement in football haven't helped
the national team on its journey towards
sporting glory the rulers of Croatian
football the Federation and the
politicians have made it extremely hard
for Croatia to compete and Croatia
didn't make the World Cup final because
of them but in spite of them even Luka
Modric is embroiled in a scandal over
transfer fees but with he and the team
playing the best football of their lives
Croatians Prime Minister believes this
is a moment for national pride not
questions about corruption in sport
I'm just looking for the wick to do
tomorrow today is the time for
celebration and support for our national
team in our captain just reaching the
World Cup final has been a fantastic
accomplishment for this small nation so
the government has announced that
Croatia will now get its national
stadium Croatians will be hoping that
whatever the results of the match things
can only get better for Croatia and
Croatian football Robin for a
steelworker al Jazeera Zagreb
