from the invention of the wheel to space
exploration artificial intelligence and
the creation of social media innovation
is not a new phenomenon and a good place
to start looking at where the next set
of inventions that can potentially
change the world's economy is the global
innovation index now the 2018 report has
just been published by Cornell
University in C ed and the World
Intellectual Property Organization its
aim is to provide insight into the state
of innovation around the world and this
year's index has Switzerland in the top
spot followed by the Netherlands Sweden
and United Kingdom the US has slid two
places to number six on the list after
Singapore innovation was measured by 80
factors in total including mobile
application creation and education
spending countries at the bottom of this
year's rankings include Burkina Faso
Togo and Yemen and one key takeaway is
that China joined the world's top 20
most innovative economies for the first
time or to get more on the 2018 global
innovation index I'm joined by Francis
Gurry director-general of the World
Intellectual Property Organization WIPO
is a UN agency which promotes the
protection of intellectual property
throughout the world thanks very much
for being with us so how would a high
ranking affect the overall quality of
life in a country and it is it possible
for example to to innovate yourself out
of poverty yes and well it's not so much
their ranking that affects the quality
of life at the fact that the ranking
reflects that the country is a good
producer of innovation that means in
turn that the economy will be and its
enterprises will be extremely
competitive because so much competition
now is based on technology and
innovation and that competitiveness of
the economy of course is reflected in
terms of average high income associated
with the country and quality of life
because innovation of Hick's of course
the quality of life material life in a
in a large variety of manners I want to
ask you as well about
the lack of digital connectivity in in
some countries and what effect that can
have on on innovation because we we
reported on it on a previous program
about Mexico's economy and how there are
large root areas mostly rural areas that
have no or very little Internet
connectivity at all what implications
does that have for the ability to
innovate look I think the innovation or
the the lack of connectivity is a major
major obstacle and something that we all
need to pay attention to it's a bit like
saying you have no industrial capacity
in the industrial edge in the digital
digital age the lack of connectivity
means that you are a not a player in the
game and so I think it's a very serious
phenomenon a lot of work is going on in
the public international public sector
and private sector to improve
connectivity but we need to speed that
up to make sure that we don't have those
who miss out badly on all of the
benefits of the digital revolution which
are social and economic so is there a
danger then of the world splitting into
into kind of digital haves and have-nots
I think it's a great danger and I think
you could go a little bit more broadly
than digital and say technology in
general because there's a lot of
technology in the health area for
example which is not available or a
widespread basis throughout the world
and this is a big danger that with the
speed of technological development and
the sort of resources that are required
for new technologies and the development
of new technology is it's a big danger
that we may have as you say an
exacerbation a worsening of the gaps the
very considerable gaps that exist in
economic and technological capacities
throughout the world and thus for the
social benefits that are derived from
having rather high-performing economies
and technological capacity good to speak
with you Francis Gurry appreciate your
time thank you thank you very much
