broken burnt-out but calm this is the
damage after protesters stormed the
airport and the ruling party's
headquarters at majeure
just a day before there were scenes of
chaos security forces have been put an
alert across the country to prevent
further disruption what happened
yesterday is that a group of vandals
entered the airport or a group of
infiltrators with the protesters into
the airport and they smashed the
computers and the x-ray scanners that
are used for security inspections and
they smashed the counters and a lot of
the important technical equipment
protesters say there's no reason why
they should be living in poverty in an
oil-rich region this is not a protest
it's a revolution by the youth of Nadja
the Iraqi people have had enough nobody
should tell you that this protest is
linked to any political party or anyone
controlling it or giving instructions
these are the people of Nadja youth and
tribal men critics of Iraq's government
say economic problems have accumulated
over many years and the government has
done little to make life of its people
easier and to add to growing grievances
regional proxy wars may be playing a
role in the deteriorating living
conditions of many ordinary Iraqis Iran
is playing a major role in that because
since it has been sanctions by by the
United States and put an a corner
economically they are cutting all
electricity supplies and water supplies
to Iraq which were normally going going
smoothly and this is also creating a
problem for Iraq I think the Iranians
want to tell the Americans that if you
create the problems to us somewhere else
we can't combat you everywhere in
southern Iraq including Najaf protesters
are increasingly fed up with waiting for
things to get better there's frustration
that two months after elections there's
still no new government that can bring
about change Barbara and OPA al Jazeera
