Oh Qatar 2022 organizers say they're
preparing to host a 32 team World Cup
but they could expand the tournament if
a study concludes it's possible South
American countries are behind a push to
make at a a 48 team event and the FIFA
president says he remains open to the
idea Andy Richardson has been talking to
cutters 2022 his assistant
secretary-general Nasser Al Carter FIFA
decided that it's a good idea to include
48 teams in the World Cup starting from
2026 so they believe that there's a
merit in it kama ball have put that
proposal forward for one reason or the
other they must feel that it's
beneficial for the South American
Football Confederation so I'm not
frustrated as much as I feel that we
need to basically be careful and look at
the feasibility and understand what the
implications are before any decision is
taken and we you know we're glad that
FIFA has taken the decision to wait
until a few sibility studies done right
now you're preparing for a 32 team well
done all our preparations since they
won't have been for a 32 team World Cup
and they continue to be for 32 team
World Cup talking to locals here they've
said the police have had a lot of an
unusually liberal approach to sort of
looking after the World Cup fans they've
perhaps sort of let people drink on the
streets congregate on the streets in a
way that normally wouldn't happen do you
see a similar policy taking place in
cats are in four years look I think when
a country is hosting a huge event
it's an unusual circumstance and you
can't compare it to the usual day-to-day
life in any given country now as long as
laws are not broken as long as people
are abiding to acceptable norms I think
we won't have any issues I think a lot
of people have changed their perceptions
about Russia do you hope that perhaps
preconceptions people have about cats
are in the Middle East will change when
it comes to World Cup well if there are
people out there who have misconceptions
I'm sure that when they visit Qatar for
the first time they'll change their
their minds
there's a lot of people that have
visited the Middle East so know what the
Middle East is about for us it's
important is that it's a tournament that
football is celebrated cultural cultures
are celebrated our similarities and our
differences are celebrated and that
people just have a really good time and
people learn something
