you're never too young to be a football
fan and it doesn't get better than your
team making it to the World Cup final
these children say they can't wait to
see their team France play Croatia I'm
going to get lots of flags I'm going to
shout I'm going to go to the shows that
is a or somewhere we screens to watch
the World Cup final coincides with
France's most important public holiday
weekend the July 14 or Bastille Day
parade is steeped in French tradition
with so much to celebrate national pride
here is running high we've been watching
the World Cup on TV and decided to
travel to Paris to take part in the
celebrations I hope that everyone in
France keeps up this festive spirit we
should always be united like this and
happy business has been brisk at this
kiosk we're anything sporting France's
national colours has proved popular many
many tourists are buying the French
flags and hats I'm amazed I thought it'd
only be the French interested but many
people from overseas are supporting
France with more than 200 outdoor
screens and France security will be high
90,000 fans are expected to watch the
game in a fan zone at the foot of the
Eiffel Tower when France last won the
World Cup in 1998 Paris's most famous
Avenue was transformed into a street
party that seemed to last for days the
winning team became a symbol of
multiculturalism today's players were
only children at the time star striker
Killian and BA pay wasn't even born but
for the team the spirit of 98 lives on
France is a country of many colors and
origins we all feel French we're happy
to wear this jersey I'm very happy to
have grown up in France to have French
culture even if I left to play abroad
early in that way
France is beautiful it's how we love it
and how we will always love it
whether or not France bring home the
trophy many fans are already proud that
the team have made it this far there's
no doubt though that a victory remains
the ultimate goal
Natasha Butler al Jazeera Paris
