Saudi Arabia arrests a prominent cleric
and his sons accusing him of criticizing
the ruling family it's part of a number
of recent arrests of activists and
religious leaders but how far will this
crackdown go this is inside story
hello and welcome to the program I'm
Hashim Alberta authorities in Saudi
Arabia have arrested prominent preacher
and scholar safar al Holly just days
after he published a book criticizing
the ruling family three of his sons a
Brahmin Abdullah and Ibrahim were also
detained rice groups ar-rahman and
Abdullah were reportedly taken into
custody while attending a family wedding
on Wednesday while Holly and his son
Ibrahim were arrested the following
morning Hawaii became known almost three
decades ago as the leader of the soccer
movement which advocated for democracy
in Saudi Arabia he was previously
detained for opposing the ruling family
Saudi Arabia and the Crown Prince
Mohammed bin Salman has launched a
crackdown against activists religious
figures and opponents in recent months
in October the Crown Prince patch to
return his country to what he called
moderate Islam and tracked down all
those he accused of extremism
he said we only want to go back to what
we were moderate Islam that is open to
the world open to all religions 70% of
the Saudi people are less than 30 years
old and quite frankly we will not waste
30 years of our lives in dealing with
extremist ideas we will destroy them
today in September Saudi authorities
arrested dozens of clerics activists
have posted a list of people who have
been detained on social media including
prominent preacher Salmonella and our
dog army a louder who has 14 million
followers on Twitter was allegedly
detained over his tweets supporting
mediation in the crisis between Saudi
Arabia and Qatar the arrests were made
ahead of demonstrations organized by
exiled opposition figures but didn't
attract much support because of heavy
security measures Human Rights Watch has
condemned the arrests as coordinated
crackdown on dissent saying they fit a
pattern of human rights violations
against peaceful advocates and
dissidents
let's bring in our panel joining us from
Istanbul I'm Adele Bora a lecturer at
iodine University in Beirut Rami Khouri
a senior fellow at the American
University of Beirut and the London
sahabi communist with Alcott's newspaper
welcome to you all Hamid were the
scathing remarks that sufferin Hawaii
made in his recent book the main reason
why he is in jail or it was just the tip
of the iceberg well Hashem the the
crackdown on dissent didn't start with
the captive the caption the rest of
suffered hella in Hawaii it started
earlier when the Crown Prince started
they cracked down on all the dissent on
all the freedom of speech it is a matter
of reform but it is a matter of
superficial brew for a reform what he is
doing on the ground is completely
contradicting what he's preaching day
and night that the new print the new
count brands is trying to bring more
freedom to the to Saudi Arabia but by
doing these kind of arrests in a by the
this kind of crackdown on the Descent it
seems that he is not doing it in the
right way still he didn't scratch the
surface of the freedom he is on the
other hand following the word of advice
that was given by his Godfather Mohammed
bin Zayed in the United Arab Emirates
when he told him if you want to speed up
your way to the throne you need to open
communication channel with Israel from
the one hand from the other hand you
need to diminish the influence of the
religious establishment in Saudi Arabia
and that's exactly what's he doing and
still continue Rami is this part of the
same pattern we've seen over the last
year which is basically targeting
prominent outspoken clerics in Saudi
Arabia
yes clerics journalists women
businesspeople any independent thinkers
who give a viewpoint that is not in line
with the governor
views whether it's about Israel or about
the US Yemen or Kutta whatever it may be
and destroy the striking thing about
what Hamad bin Salman is doing is the
vast scope of the reforms as he calls
them the reforms that he's trying to do
and they are genuine reforms in many
ways especially in terms of more private
sector involvement in the in the economy
and things like that but it's so
comprehensive that it is has put control
of every aspect of life media politics
military economy religion social norms
every aspect of life is in the hands of
the crown prince so this is following
the pattern of Sisi in Egypt and the
dha'fi and Libya before and Saddam
Hussein and this is troubling because
Saudi Arabia never had this kind of
leadership before so this is in keeping
with what he's been doing and the the
real significance of this is that there
are two areas that we really don't know
what people's views are one is in the
whole religious establishment and the
second one is really in the public as a
whole including the business
establishment people are afraid to speak
out now because they've seized they see
what happens to people who speak
differently than the government and
therefore there's a lot of uncertainty
in terms of how much support is there
for these reforms and the terrible irony
is that Saudi Arabia needs to make
reforms some of the reforms that have
been identified are really very very
sensible and needed but most of what has
been going on is dropping confidence in
the ability of the government to bring
about okay its reforms including now the
apparent delay of the Aramco
privatisation which is a centerpiece of
this sure Saeed safar al Holly
rose to prominence in the 80s when he
launched the cyber movement which
presented itself as an alternative to
the Salafi streak of Islam is this
arrest the sign that the government is
determined to clamp down on Sawa because
of its so-called affiliation with the
Muslim Brotherhood
thank you very much I think this is
symptomatic of seem to assist assumed
sorry no this mission of the extent of
the problems faced being faced by
Sandman he is at war with everybody
he's at war with his own people with own
family with our own household with his
neighbours with a car with a nurse is at
war with Palestinians he's at war with
Yemenis and at war with the people of
the awareness of the sacrum movement in
the Arabian Peninsula of course he is at
war with those two Brotherhood is of
course he's at war with Iran but he is
in the strong friendship with Israel he
is at the forefront of safeguarding the
Israeli interests in the region now we
would have to pay all our people within
Saudi Arabia and Bahrain Qatar and Egypt
in Yemen we will all have to pay the
price of this interesting so I think man
who is being driven by outside forces
Hamid wasn't this going to be evident
which is a man has a reform as Crown
Prince of Saudi Arabia the religious
establishment is the most powerful and
ultimately the clash was going to be
evident one day or another well Hashim
I'd like to be the advocate of the devil
if you will but the point is if he's
trying to do this kind of reform he's
doing what his predecessors used to do
like King Abdullah this kind of clashes
between the royal family and the
religious establishment it was a kind of
a a Catholic marriage to some extent but
on the other hand behind the scenes you
would have this kind of conflict but
they were dealing with it in a subtle
cautious measures in order not to anger
the religious establishment because it's
still so
Oh influential on the ground but now
what Mohammed bin Salman is trying to do
he is trying to appease many
establishment many people in different
places he trying to appease Israel from
the one hand he's trying also to appease
the newbies in the United States and
he's trying to make the you know the
business people the investors in the
West as in general as happy as he can
because he wants more investment on in
Arabia in order to meet the ambitious
aspirations that he has so in order to
do this he thinks that this kind of
completely disregarding or completely
you know like containing the role of the
religious establishment would lead to
this kind of convincing the West that he
is the right person to do this business
but on the other hand the guy is not
doing it in the certain way as his
predecessors used to do it he's doing it
explicitly and that would anger the the
popular the population in Saudi Arabia
that would anger the Salafist because
they come up you know like promote the
positive policies he's doing to these
people that would lead to a kind of
radicalization among okay young people I
would like to follow up on that
particular idea that you've been talking
about and let me go to Rami Rami isn't
there any concern of a immediate
confrontation between the Crown Prince
Mohammed bin Salman and the religious
establishment which has been one of the
key pillars of the Al Saud dynasty well
he has clearly indicated that he is
going to change the way the religious
establishment the formal one as well as
the informal one how they operate and he
wants them to operate under his guidance
and his control many of them would be
willing to do that you know all over the
Arab world most religious establishments
the formal Friday preachers and the
mosques are under the authority of the
Ministry of al Kahf and religious
affairs many of them have their sermons
given to them by the government so
there's a tradition of religious
establishment being kind of quietest and
going along with the ruling political
and they help each other so there's
probably a many in the religious
establishment Saudi Arabia who don't
mind going along with the with the
government but the way that he has done
it unilaterally cracking down arresting
very popular people like Hawaii and like
out there and others so the manner in
which he's doing this is going to
possibly be troubling for him and then
the really the critical issue remains we
don't know if members within the royal
family may be upset about this as well
because the whole decision-making
process of the last 80 90 years of Saudi
state a modern statehood has been upset
by this one man he decided he's gonna
make decisions and not to have consensus
and deliberation and quietness
associations among the family and so
we'll see there's so many unknowns now
that are that are there Saeed mom if
holy has just said that Mohammed the
sermon is upsetting an order that has
been going on for quite some time in
Saudi Arabia Saudi with its wealth its
influence has been priding itself on
being the protector of Sunni Islam if
Mohammed bin Salman goes have had with
dismantling that a religious order would
it have any knock-on effect on the
religious establishment across the
Muslim world particularly this any world
has also they have disease so I will
object against Salman the yesterday
driving the car by woman was a sin today
it is something good because there were
in The Guardian say it is good so it
must be good so I do not I have never
seen in the past 100 years that there
has been antagonistic stands by the
establishment visibly the political
house so I think that this
the war is against the moderate Islam
the police were on what they called the
political Islam safar hardly I will cut
me and others and many others who have
been crackdown against within Saudi
Arabia whether in Egypt something that
this food is considered as of Islam but
at the same time it is also symptomatic
of the fact that the political Islam is
still nicely on the way he's going down
so we are if you remember when Crown
Prince Mohammed bin Salman was unveiling
his vision 2030 he said basically that
we never had an internal problem all the
problems came after the 1979 Islamic
Revolution in Iran and that's where
radicalism setting in the country do you
think this is something that would shape
his policy in the near future
well domestically it's part of what he's
trying to do in order to convince the
people in these in Saudi Arabia he
always needs to find this kind of
external threat that targeting the Sunni
Muslim and they you know Iran is doing
that business quite well for him he is
poor training portraying Iran as the you
know like the monster of the region they
are over expansionist policy of Iran in
the region whether in Yemen in Syria in
Sudan everywhere in the Gulf countries
as well but the problem is the counter
policy that he is using to deter this
kind of hegemony is completely reckless
and useless he's doing nothing to
prevent what Iran is doing on the ground
and he is trying to tell the people on
the ground in Saudi Arabia that what
Iran is doing is the main
motive behind his actions against these
Salafists which doesn't make any sense
like it's a very provocative irony when
it when you compare these young people
who looking up to these scholars and
they think that they are the you know
like asawa
or the awakening movement who'll calling
for more democratic measures on the
ground who did nothing but tweeted
certain statements asking for more
reform more freedom of speech and they
end up in in jails and now what's
happening a major failure in Yemen look
a major loss in Syria so they cannot buy
into what he's trying to sell them okay
Rami
this is someone who lifted the ban on
the women driving but at the same time
jailed women activists who championed
the right for women to drive he took to
jail activists prominent human rights
activists but still his his own people
say this is a visionary man how do you
see him a reformer or a rasp Atene well
he very clearly as a man of dynamism he
understands that change has to happen
for the long-term well-being of Saudi
Arabia some of his suggested reforms are
very sensible in the economic sphere I
think in some other areas but the way he
has done it this autocratic way is is
creating probably resistance and also he
doesn't understand something that every
single Arab leader in the last 75 years
has failed to understand which is you
can't just open a faucet like a water
faucet and you open a reform force it
say okay we're gonna reform now and
we're gonna let cinema so we're gonna
let drive-in movies and we're gonna let
people have concerts and women drive but
that's all a little bit you can't do
that these are dealing with human beings
you're dealing with tens of millions of
human beings who just want to live
normal lives as human beings and normal
life means they want to be able to think
for themselves to be involved in public
life not to be revolutionaries or crazy
people but just to be normal
people and the reform process has not
necessarily promised normalcy and human
dignity it has simply promised more
leisure activities driving cinemas more
malls cell phones and and and
privatization of companies so there's a
fundamental weakness in the nature of
the reform process because it was not
based on any serious consultation with
the citizens of Saudi Arabia and this is
the problem that every Arab leader has
made we should watch Jordan now if they
start doing serious reforms Morocco
possibly Algeria possibly there they're
all you know good prospects for reforms
that have to be done Egypt decided it
didn't want to reform but so Hamad bin
Salman I think is is a genuine reform
minded person who doesn't know how to
delegate forum attention he's not going
to show him how to do that ok side are
you have the same view that without
going into profound changes of the Saudi
society itself we're not gonna see any
Renaissance in the near future if he
continues down this path because before
we hear that would be we saw nothing of
reform during the reign of Abdullah so
yes he is coming in a sense but he is
also eating advice I think he is mainly
driven by Israeli advisors and advisors
so I think he has he has succeeded for
example in pacifying Iraq for example
and also in pacifying Sudan yeah he
cooked on board the to a large extent
but at the same time he has antagonizes
on people as antagonized his own
neighbors is at Yemen is at war with
with companies at war with the people of
Bahrain
he has invaded
so he is that had a butt then and let me
go to I'm Adele Bora you have many
people in Saudi Arabia particularly
young people saying basically this is
someone who is committed to diversifying
the economy putting an end to the old
political institutions that have
prevailed for many years and that Saudi
Arabia could generally become a vibrant
democracy in the near future
under MBS well Hashim nobody in the
Middle East would like would like to
refuse this kind of wishful thinking I
would say old pipe dreams the actions on
the ground like actions are much louder
than words what's he doing to Egypt
what's he doing by supporting the
autocracy of dictator like Sisi in Egypt
what's he doing with the betrayal as
suffering how Ali they recently detained
scholar called it betrayal to the
Palestinian cause by communicating with
the Israelis by approaching the Israelis
differently what's he doing to the Qatar
is their brothers in blood and
neighbours what's he doing to the
Yemenis and what's he doing to with the
West in general with Donald Trump with
the investment he's doing this doesn't
give any sign that this guy is good in
terms of bringing in any kind of change
to the Saudi Arabia to the hopes of the
people on the ground it's merely
superficial reforms that didn't do any
genuine it's a sheer force Rami said
it's a kind of entertainment it's just a
kind of luxurious things that the people
are not looking for they're looking for
genuine change
in terms of democracy in terms of a
stability in terms of real job creation
on the ground
Rahmi you seem to be saying basically
most of you that this is these are all
cosmetic changes and that the clamp down
is part of an ax but Aquatics streak
into the country from your own
perspective Rami what do you think
should be the indicators of a genuine
reform in Saudi Arabia please in less
than a minute well you're going to have
to look at the response to the business
community you're going to have to look
at explicit public support from the
royal family members very few of whom
have spoken out you have to look at the
religious establishment again explicit
public support the problem is that
people in Saudi Arabia don't speak out
if they're critical of the government
they're afraid as they are in most Arab
countries so I that's what I look for
public expressions and this is something
that's going to have to become more
clear in the next six months or so just
one last quick point the the idea of
getting closer to Netanyahu is
fascinating because we know from public
opinion polls that most of the people
and they are worth about 80 percent are
against normalization normalizing ties
with Israel until the Palestine issue is
resolved equitably so here so we need to
see more clarity on that thank you but
the key point is the Saudi people need
to be involved in the process to make it
work and we want it to work everybody
wants it to work we live it on that note
Ahmed Al Bora irani harissa is she happy
thank you very much indeed for your
insights and for your time
and thank you too for watching you can
see the program again anytime by
visiting our web site aljazeera.com for
further discussion go to our Facebook
page
that's facebook.com forward slash AJ
Inside Story
you can also join the conversation on
twitter our handle is at aj inside story
from me Hashim al bara the whole team
here bye for now
