Donald Trump had been told to avoid the
center of the British capital because of
this vast crowds a so-called Carnival of
resistance marched against the world's
most powerful leader their mascot a
giant helium filled blimp of Donald
Trump as a baby clutching a mobile phone
many demonstrators believe he has an
infantile grasp of politics they see him
as a wrecking ball for race relations
women's rights climate change and peace
behind the humor is a very serious
message and that is you know where we're
holding Trump to account we're
highlighting the fact that his toxic
hate fueled politics his policies that
are having a devastating impact on
people not just in the US but but in the
UK and all over the world especially in
the global south as brexit looms many
also fear the British government will
forego British values in the interests
of US trade deals with the American
people this is about president Trump and
his values his racism his misogyny his
contempt for democracy's his embrace of
dictatorship I think it's incredibly
important that those values are not
legitimated not warm alive
mulching about here today because I'm
deeply concerned about the direction of
the United States and I proposed to
Trump's racism is homophobia
Islamophobia
and I want him out of office I've joined
protests in the States and I happened to
be here today so wanted to join in and
show that he does not represent us but
they really hasn't been anything quite
like this it's a very much a response to
Donald Trump's unique and arguably
divisive form
politics people here in the UK are also
questioning the health and the nature of
the so-called special relationship
between the u.s. and the UK people here
wondering whether it's time to review
that relationship now that Donald
Trump's in the White House few more
vocally than the Mayor of London who
sanctioned the March and the blimp one
of the things that Americans learn about
our city are the rights we have here the
right to protest the right to have free
speech the right to freedom of assembly
and the idea that we would curtail those
rights because it may cause a fence to
President Trump or somebody else I think
Americans would find objectionable why
because their own Constitution has
enshrined in it the rights of freedom of
speech freedom to protest freedom to
assembly president Trump's visit has
been carefully choreographed to avoid
his opponents choosing to fly around
southern England by helicopter rather
than risk of road journey they like me a
lot in the UK said Trump before his
visit these people beg to differ
Nev Barca al Jazeera London
