the Deputy Attorney General said that 12
alleged Russian intelligence officers
hacked into the Clinton presidential
campaign and disseminated stolen
information the goal of the conspirators
was to have an impact in the elections
in addition the Department of Justice
alleges state election boards were
hacked and the details of 500 thousand
voters stolen
among those subsequently in touch with
what the DOJ says was an online persona
created by the Russians to help spread
the information with someone in touch
with the Trump campaign that person
according to the indictment didn't seem
very impressed with the information
provided and there's no evidence of the
person knew they were speaking to
alleged Russian spies there is no
allegation in this indictment that any
American citizen committed a crime
there's no allegation that the
conspiracy changed the vote count or
affected any election result that was
seized upon by the Trump administration
which released a statement that said
today's charges include no allegations
of knowing involvement by anyone on the
campaign and no allegations that the
alleged hacking affected the election
result this is consistent with what we
have been saying all along earlier in
the day Donald Trump had said he would
ask clad Amir Putin about the
allegations I don't think you'll have
any G I did it I did it you got me there
won't be a Perry Mason here I don't
think but you never know what happens
right but I will absolutely firmly ask
the question and the allegations are
allegations possibly never to be proven
the accused Russians are highly unlikely
to appear before a u.s. grand jury to
defend themselves
however some Democrats say the summit
should possibly be cooled off there
should be no one-on-one meeting between
this president and mr. Putin there needs
to be other Americans in the room
secondly the president and his team are
not willing to make the facts of this
indictment a top priority of the meeting
in Helsinki then the summit should be
canceled the Deputy Attorney General
suggested these indictments won't have
come as a surprise at all Trump as he
took tea with the Queen Rod Rosie Stein
said he had briefed the president
earlier this week before his trip to
Europe she ever attends the al Jazeera
Washington
