even before Nawaz Sharif arrived in
Lahore on a flight from London to face
justice police were responding to two
attacks on political rallies on Friday
in which more than 100 people were
killed and many more were injured what
happened in Moscow in southwestern
Balochistan province where Islamic state
says it killed a political candidate at
a rally the other attack was at a rally
and Banu in the country's Northwest the
candidate there was not physically hurt
but he was angry they say there is a
threat to Ockham Khan Durrani
I want to ask this television channel
that if you have such an information you
should tell us how do you get this
information and where these people come
from in the middle of the violence the
former Pakistani Prime Minister flew
first-class to Lahore where federal
police were waiting to take him and his
daughter Miriam to a prison in
Rawalpindi an anti-corruption court
convicted the Sherif's
on July 7th stealing money from the
Treasury to pay for a luxury lifestyle
corruption first revealed in the release
of the Panama papers Nawaz Sharif has
said he will appeal his conviction and
ten-year prison term Sharif has been
banned from politics for life the
judiciary is set on rooting out
corruption and Pakistani politics but
neither fact may mean anything to
Pakistanis who want their government to
work for them and are dying to make that
happen
Russel and Jordan al-jazeera
