Roger Hickok and his wife Laura wicker
packing up 35 years of life in the
occupied West Bank
both are US citizens he teaches history
at bears 8 the leading Palestinian
University she's a midwife and
healthcare researcher the last time they
returned from a trip overseas an Israeli
immigration officer gave them just two
week-long tourist visas telling them
they could apply for an extension
once home we went made a new application
with the Palestinian Ministry of Civil
Affairs on the strength of our new
contracts at busy at university and have
heard nothing so therefore we can't stay
professor Hickok is not alone six other
foreign academics at bez eight have had
their visa renewals rejected in a facing
ejection before the next academic year
it's part of a pattern of intensifying
pressure on foreigners one that Morgan
Cooper understands only too well an
American she met her Palestinian husband
Salah Tata
here in his restaurant nine years ago
around the same time Israel froze a
limited scheme of granting residency in
such cases morgan has to make do with
tourist visas but they've been getting
shorter in duration if approved at all
when you have a child and you're
thinking about your child's well-being
this is completely untenable so many
spouses or customs were married to
foreign nationals have left they live
abroad because what kind of life do you
have here when you don't know I don't
know next month if I will be allowed to
stay here the rules surrounding foreign
residents rights are unclear it often
comes down to a decision made by a
single bureaucrat at an army base in
this illegal settlement just outside
Ramallah
in a statement the Israeli military told
us that there'd been no change to the
policy regarding foreigners entry and
that each case was assessed on an
individual basis but we've also spoken
to the Palestinian Civil Affairs
Commission which receives the
applications before sending them on here
and they told us that in the last year
what was typically a 70% renewal rate
had plummeted to about 10 percent
Palestinian Americans samba hora leads a
campaign on the issue he says it's a
deliberate attempt to force foreigners
who often hold prominent positions to
leave so by addressing the foreign
nationals who are coming to
add value to the community by not
letting them come in the quality of life
is reduced and that is more suffocating
for Palestinians forcing them to leave
the country for people in Morgan
Cooper's position it comes down to a
series of near impossible choices to
overstay her visa and never leave town
for fear of an Israeli ID check to try
to renew her papers while here and risk
rejection to travel overseas in the hope
of getting a new visa on return and
gamble that she won't be prevented
permanently from coming home Harry
Fawcett al Jazeera in the occupied West
Bank
