al Jazeera obtained a voice recording
late last year of a man who said he'd
been held prisoner in southern Yemen
operated by soldiers from the United
Arab Emirates there are various methods
such as the use of electric shock
waterboarding as well as forcing
detainees to strip naked this is how
they torture us in different prisons
they use different methods Amnesty
International says evidence from more
than 70 families government workers and
prisoners all show cruel and unlawful
practices in prisons run by Emirati and
Yemeni forces facilities and not
actually what we and others have
uncovered in our investigations is that
there is a network of secret detention
facilities where some of the most
egregious violations are actually
ongoing a coalition of countries led by
Saudi Arabia and the United Arab
Emirates has been fighting Houthi rebels
for more than three years to back the
government of President a bird Rabbuh
Mansur Hadi the war has created a
humanitarian crisis and pushed millions
of Yemenis to the brink of starvation
secret unknown UA Iran detention centers
in five governorates in southern Yemen
are detailed by the report authors they
say there are credible allegations of
deaths in custody of missing detainees
of torture and what's described as
egregious detention related violations
which cannot be justified under any
circumstances other rights groups have
made similar allegations and all of the
warring sites are accused of human
rights abuses Saudi Arabia has just
announced royal pardons for troops
disciplined for their conduct in Yemen
Saudi state media didn't specify their
crimes amnesty is calling for suspected
criminals to be put on trial and for the
United States to suspend cooperation
with the UAE including ending weapon
sales Humaira Chaudhary al Jazeera
