diplomatic expulsion czar a slap in the
face in the midst of an otherwise
cordial relationship they haven't
happened since the Cold War unofficial
information suggests the Greek
government is upset over Moscow's
efforts to undermine Greece's recent
agreement with former Yugoslavia Cydonia
that agreement settled the name issue
that's been separating the two for a
quarter century and opens the door for
that country's entry to NATO as North
Macedonia but NATO's push to absorb the
Balkans has annoyed Moscow the whole
region of Southeast Europe is a big
question mark for Russia in the past few
years it clearly doesn't have the
relations it had during the Communist
era the situation needs to be resolved
soon various states want to be NATO and
the EU this is not pleasing to Russia
NATO and EU policies in Greece Bulgaria
and other Balkan countries are not
leading people to believe that NATO and
the EU will benefit their economy in
society sentimentally most Greeks Harbor
friendly feelings towards their fellow
Orthodox Russians and consider that true
hostility between the two people is all
but impossible but politically Greece
belongs to the West and has to toe the
line including imposing sanctions on
Russia for its annexation of Crimea four
years ago so even though Greece and
Russia have no tangible common interests
here as elsewhere Russia tries to
exploit cultural bonds to create
divisions in the Western alliances their
osseous soft power is orthodoxy there is
the island of Corfu the scent of the
core violent incense period on if you go
to Corfu three or four times per year
you can see Russian sailors going around
parade with the icon of the saint
spyridon it is something common for
coffee for Corfu but this speaks to the
souls of the people it is this kind of
influence this soft power that Russia
has over the Orthodox world of Greece
Moscow has watched helplessly as all its
previous allies in Eastern Europe have
entered the Western orbit Belarus
Ukraine and the Balkans are the last
bits of Europe left up for grabs Russia
intends to fight for them jumps are Opel
al Jazeera Athens
