Beata shipper spent five years on trial
for her part in multiple murders that
shocked Germany acting in the name of an
organization inspired by the Nazis the
National Socialist underground or in SU
stinker D
I think the sentencing of Miss Sherpa to
life in prison including the
determination of serious culpability is
consistent and correct miss Sherpa is
not a woman who was unfortunate enough
to be in the wrong place at the wrong
time rather she is a national socialist
a racist and a murderer and she no has a
hard bed to lie in but she made her own
bed and it will no probably be hers to
lie in for a long time to come
the case against schipper was that she
was a willing accomplice in a
three-person Cell targeting members of
the Turkish community their first victim
was killed in Nuremberg in 2000 in their
shim check was a 38 year old businessman
who ran a group of flower stalls at the
time police struggled to find a motive
but we now know that shim sheiks death
was the start of a killing spree that
would touch seven different German
cities between 2000 and 2007 claiming 10
lives three people were killed in
Nuremberg two more were murdered in the
Bavarian capital Munich the other five
in cities outside Bavaria eight of the
victims were from the Turkish community
in all cases the victims were shot in
the head at close range but what this
map doesn't show is that after the last
killing it took the authorities almost
four years to track down the cell and
then only after two of them had carried
out an armed robbery been cornered by
the police and then shot themselves
before they could be arrested it fueled
accusations of incompetence by the
authorities with some people suggesting
some officers might have colluded with
the NSU families of the victims say
their ordeal has been made worse by the
time it took for the trial to happen
before why did the murderers choose my
father I can't and won't simply believe
that it was a coincidence 437 days of
Investigation and these questions
weren't answered I have no closure
because I have the feeling that not
everything was done that could have been
done because I'm sure that other
accomplices are still walking around
after her fellow conspirators deaths
Beata shepper handed herself into police
in 2011 during her trial she rarely
spoke in court except to deny being a
member of the NSU to disapprove of its
actions and to express her regret for
not having been able to prevent the
murders the reality for her now though
is that a guilty verdict means she
spends at least 15 years behind bars
max pania al Jazeera
