even his enemies and these days there
are many would concede that Boris as
everyone knows him is unique for years
he defied the laws of political gravity
playing the clown didn't hurt him it
helped him to win election then
re-election as mayor of London a
conservative in a Labour city many said
a future Prime Minister
but then this I will be advocating vote
leave Boris Johnson surprised many
colleagues by campaigning to leave the
EU he arguably did more than anyone to
ensure a victory for voting but the
battle for brexit was ugly it left scars
many cannot forgive boris johnson for
using a full statistics and his enemies
say for exploiting divisions in british
society when David Cameron resigned
after the brexit vote
Boris hoped to become Prime Minister but
his colleagues deserted him and he had
to settle for Foreign Secretary he
struggled against the perception that he
was a diminished man representing a
diminished country at one time people
would laugh at him but not when he is
foreign secretary not when he has a
serious job to do and that's where I
think being the clown playing the joke
always fun it just doesn't work anymore
because politics is a serious business
when you got one of the big posts as in
a cabinet and I'm afraid it just doesn't
look like you can hack it anymore and I
think he knows that he can see that he's
losing control he's been written off
many many times before not least due to
his personal scandals remember he was
sacked by Michael Howard for lying over
an affair and everyone forgets that the
amazing thing about Boris is he's sort
of Teflon is that he has these terrible
things often self-inflicted don't think
this one is and he always comes back so
I would never write him off ambitious
clever Boris will still dream of making
it to the very top but he's now a
divisive figure both loved and loathed
within his party and the country as a
whole
Barnaby Phillips Al Jazeera
