our subscription video service Netflix
is now the most popular us platform for
watching entertainment on TV according
to a recent survey by Wall Street firm
Cohen and code it's now overtaking
traditional broadcast and cable
television and with its own studio in
Hollywood Netflix is now one of the
world's biggest film and TV producers
and part of that success is the eight
billion dollars it's plowing into making
original content this year but watch
this space because Apple and Walt Disney
are about to offer competing
over-the-top video services next year
last month Apple signed a multi-year
deal with TV star Oprah Winfrey and
Amazon with its prime video service is
also spending big on content and talent
to gain audience share in what some are
calling the post TV era or joining me
now from New York to talk more about
this is Daniel Ives
chief strategy officer and head of
technology research at new york-based
GBH insights thanks very much for being
with us so on on this news that Netflix
the more people are watching Netflix now
than they are watching regular
television I think a lot of people saw
this coming but they had perhaps many of
us may have been surprised by how
quickly it came are you one of those
welcoming we're one we're strong
believers really in the streaming and
Netflix model for years because look in
our opinion even though it's happened
quicker than expected the cord cutting
phenomenon is something that's gonna
continue to accelerate and it's really
about content I mean Netflix been an 8
billion dollars this year in content
that's really create a content arms war
and you've sort of seen it across the
board with the consolidation and the
sector between AT&T Time Warner Disney
Comcast battle it all speaks to content
King in this cord cutting world it isn't
just money that they offer as well is it
with Netflix it's also the ability to
for filmmakers to essentially do
whatever they want without any sort of
restrictions on on creativity isn't it
creative control has been key and
to me if you look I mean that's really
been the key DNA of Netflix I mean not
just in terms of localized content
especially international but even
domestically in the u.s. it's given much
more flexibility for directors actors
producers really the whole ecosystem
what they can produce and I think a lot
more and I went to it's not really a big
brother's watching type feel that
sometimes they feel from other studios
and I think that's really the key here
is that Netflix is given creative
control they've paid for it and they've
created a platform now that historically
maybe there was skepticism within
Hollywood but now and you've seen across
the board it's it's really enticed not
the talent that many few years ago
thought that they could never get but
it's also spurred look at Apple getting
Oprah and other sort of screaming
initiatives you have right now about 15
billion dollars cumulatively
being spent on content and that's a
Netflix driven phenomenon and it isn't
just Hollywood that they're going after
it's Bollywood that other big film
industry what are what are the
calculations going on there with with
Netflix I mean welcome news especially
if you look at you know India and a lot
of other international hotspots we walk
they're expanding into 100 plus
countries and ultimately international
viewlet subscriber growth today about 68
million we believe that's going 100
million in the next two years
international is gonna be key but
ultimately the only way you drive
international subscriber growth is
international content and I think that's
the thing you know you talk about
Bollywood or a lot more localized
content you know whether it's you know
Middle East Africa other parts of the
world they're trying to penetrate and
it's ultimately right now it's created
really a new age for content and Netflix
recognizes that they're as they expand
internationally contents the key and
that's why from Bollywood to other areas
they're spending significant dollars
going after some of those demographic
daniel ives
you're good to speak with you thanks
very much for being with us thank you
