when they meet on Monday Angela Merkel
and Li Keqiang
will do so as partners on the world
stage trade links between Germany and
China are strong but right now all eyes
are on their collective commercial
relationship with the United States the
policies of the Trump administration
have caused them real concern on the
Bulgarian leg of his European visit the
Chinese premier spelt out why our view
is that trade war is never a solution
China would never start a trade war but
if any party resorts to increasing
tariffs when China will take measures in
response to protect China's development
interests uphold the authority and
efficacy of a WTO and save a
multinational trade regime operating
within that trade regime has generated
vast amounts of revenue both in Berlin
and in Beijing Germany's total trade
with China was worth 230 billion dollars
in 2017 a 10 percent rise on the
previous year but despite this the
United States remains the biggest market
for German companies in the last 12
months for which we have figures the US
trade deficit with Germany reached
nearly sixty seven billion dollars a
fact president Trump believes his
justification to impose tariffs on
aluminium and steel imports and which
the German Chancellor worries may lead
to other measures we now have tariffs on
aluminium and steel and we have a
discussion which is very serious
it appears cars to will be imposed with
tariffs when they are imported to the US
ladies and gentlemen this has the
character of a trade conflict I don't
want to use any other word for now it's
worth every effort to try to defuse this
conflict so it doesn't turn into a war
but this obviously takes to trade is not
the only area of policy where Beijing
and Berlin's interests coincide both
were instrumental in arranging the
nuclear deal which brought Iran in from
the cold
both were united in their opposition to
president Trump's rejection of that deal
but there are still some policy
differences on significant issues such
as China's approach to human rights on
which the two countries do differ
and yet it's clear that when Li Keqiang
and angular Merkel meet it may well also
be a meeting of minds
Dominic came al-jazeera Berlin
