the worst flooding these are the latest
to the live pictures in fact from
Hiroshima
so Alexey O'Brien has more on the story
across half a nation a sea of muddy
water flooding has ripped Japan and too
with central and southern regions
largely submerged the death toll has
steadily climbed an elderly man was
swept into a swollen river in Hiroshima
homes have collapsed and landslides have
buried at least 10 people east to west
from Kyoto South dozens of people are
missing I offer my deepest condolences
to the victims and my sympathies to all
people who have been affected in central
and southern regions 1.6 million people
have been handed evacuation orders
another 3 million have been advised to
leave the heavy rain is forecast until
Monday you knew it they were heavy rain
will continue in the area from western
to eastern Japan and it will be historic
torrential rainfall which could be the
heaviest rain ever recorded nearly
50,000 police firefighters and civil
defense personnel have been deployed
Kyoto's Riverside promenade a major
tourist spot was shut when the Carmel
River burst its banks roads and bridges
are shut for hundreds of kilometres
warnings have been issued for landslide
prone areas this rainfall is hitting
basically everywhere at once so there's
no it's difficult for the emergency
services to prioritize where they should
go first because there's so many things
happening all at once and obviously if a
road is washed out or a bridge is
destroyed even if you have a nice fire
engine or ambulance you can't get to
some of the places that you need to go
to and responders have experienced rural
areas of Japan struggle with flooding at
this time every year but this year there
were special circumstances
typhoon preparan entered the Sea of
Japan on Tuesday high winds taunting
Japan's southern islands before it moved
north dropping unprecedented rainfall
the typhoon has passed
a move that means little to those
navigating its Roth Alexei O'Brien
al-jazeera
