the Tomlin cave is in northern Thailand
and the Chiang Rai province near the
border with Myanmar and Laos it is one
of the longest caves in the country
stretching ten kilometres through the
joining nong mountain range the boys are
stuck just passed to Kevin known as
partier beach now looking inside the
mountain one point five kilometres from
the main entrance Navy SEAL Teams has
set up a base in a cavern known as
chamber three three kilometers in as
samyang junction it Forks off to an exit
but that's flooded the cave widens to
large caverns and narrows to passages so
small that rescuers need to crawl to get
through the passageway climbs and drops
which means when it rains water builds
up in these steps four kilometers in is
passing a beach the boys are about four
hundred meters after this spot and 800
to a thousand metres below the surface
to get the boys out through the flooded
patches rescuers have attached a
guideline and daughter's emergency
oxygen tanks every 25 to 50 metres the
plan is that as they swim one Navy diver
will be beside them another one behind
keep in mind some boys don't know how to
swim there are strong currents in the
water is dark and muddy they're being
given wetsuits boots helmets and a scuba
mask but no tank the proposal being
they'll get oxygen from their dive
buddies supply now it'll take at least
five hours to get each boy out so in all
it may take a couple of days to complete
the rescue
