once again the city of Mogadishu is
living through the aftermath of an
attack and once again those responsible
are all Shabaab fighters the armed group
has been battling Somalis government for
12 years it has launched more than half
a dozen attacks this year alone I was
close to where the explosion happened
the car rammed through the checkpoint
barrier into the Ministry building then
it exploded there was smoke everywhere
many people died in there but I wasn't
able to count them al-shabaab is
fighting to overthrow the government and
was pushed out of Mogadishu in 2011 but
it continues to target both government
sites and civilians I saw 10 bodies with
my own eyes and eight wounded the car
exploded inside the Ministry building
there was a lot of confusion screaming
and lots of gunfire three attackers
entered the Ministry of Interior
following the explosion and exchanged
gunfire with security forces inside
Somalis government says all three have
been killed but while those involved in
this attack may have been killed
al-shabaab remains a significant threat
to millions of Somalis and the future of
their country stability Hiba morgan
al-jazeera
