pacifying serious southern front
government forces are back in control of
most of data and the border with Jordan
it follows a ceasefire deal with rebels
but what will this mean for Syrians and
others in the region this is inside
story
hello welcome to the program I'm
Adrienne Finnegan after more than seven
years of war in Syria rebel fighters
have lost control of the southern
province of Dara where the revolution
began some rebels will hand over their
heavy weapons as part of a ceasefire
deal with the government others will be
given safe passage to the rebels last
stronghold in northern Italy province
Jordan and Israel are cautiously
watching the developments as the Syrian
army inches ever closer to their borders
and of course the government's victory
also brings big changes for the 320,000
people who fled Dara we'll bring our
guests in in just a moment but first
Algeciras Burnett Smith reports from
Jordans border with Syria some of the
thousands of displaced Syrians who've
been camped for up to two weeks along
the Syrian Jordan border just behind me
they started going home last night
according to the Jordanian military not
long after the ceasefire and surrender
was agreed with the rebel groups here
across the border in southern Syria the
Jordanians hope that the rest of those
refugees in the coming hours and days
will feel safe enough to go home and one
of the most important things about
making them feel safe enough is security
guarantees that they'll be given that is
that the Russian military police
maintain overall control of security
along the border area because many
people who've been living under rebel
control fear rebel or fear reprisals
from the Syrian regime also important
for the Jordanians is that there are no
Iranian backed Hezbollah fighters along
this border side that was one of the
major Jordanian concerns they are
expecting only to see Syrians and
Russian forces along this area no
involvement from the Hezbollah fighters
who were part of the initial campaign to
retake Dera
province
well let's get the thoughts of our
guests joining us today from Amman is
Lonnie Sidonie who's an independent
journalist and commentator on Middle
East issues from West Jerusalem were
joined by Robbie Sabol a professor at
the Hebrew University of Jerusalem and
from Beirut's Rami Khouri a senior
fellow an adjunct professor at the
American University of Beirut a welcome
to you all Rami if we can start with you
some context here first to what extent
does southwestern Syria's pivotal
location mean that any military
offensive in that region would have had
stakes that the transcends Syria's Civil
War that's a very strategic area in
terms of the relationship between
Lebanon and Hezbollah and Syria and
Israel and Jordan and Iran all together
they are interested in this area and the
Russians of course behind the Syrian
government the Russians are trying to
prevent Wars regionally but all these
other actors are involved in
confrontations and have been involved in
wars over the years it's a very
strategic area and the Golan itself the
border area of the Golan has become even
more important now because historically
it was southern Lebanon and northern
Israel that was where fighting used to
take place all the time between
Hezbollah and Israel it shifted in
recent years to the Shabaab forums area
which is in between Syria Lebanon and
Israel and Palestine and then it shifted
now once more to the Golan Heights and
that's really a critical area that has
to be addressed politically Robbie Sabol
in West Jerusalem
Russia has mediated this this deal what
kind of security guarantees has it given
to Israel as part of this deal what is
all his interest cities is the
maintenance of the agreement we had in
1974 with Syria which has a buffer zone
where there are no Syrian military
troops and a limited force limited
forces either side on the borders about
25 kilometers in other words what we're
interested in is that that be maintained
and that no Hezbollah Iranian forces be
in the area I think these are
our two main strategic interests why
Robbie is Israel so concerned about
hesitate to call them this but I'm gonna
say it a ragtag bunch of Iranian backed
militia operating so close to it to its
border is it just paranoia over Iran
that that's that's driving this it's not
such a ragtag Bank they were operating
under the commands of the Revolutionary
Guard of Iran and where Syria has an
interest in maybe Nate maintain a quiet
border for certain reasons Iran doesn't
it has a contour interest he wants to
stir up trouble therefore we're very
very apprehensive about any Iranian
presence on the insert on the Golan
Heights so in Syria at all Lamas and
Ernie the Jordanian foreign minister was
in Moscow just a few days ago what sort
of guarantees would he have received
concerning the the Syrian border with
his country I'm not sure he has received
guarantees but I know what he asked for
I have also to point out that until the
June 23rd Jordan and the palace the
decision makers were under the
impression that Russia and the Damascus
with the support of Trump as well
he'll agreed to a political solution so
they were taken aback when Russia
allowed the escalation Russia was not
just preventing the watch it allowed a
military solution to the diraja
situation so but I know what they are
asking for they're asking for first that
this Agreement will hold no further
escalation and support in solving the
the crisis of the refugees they did ask
also that a pro Iranian militia forces
should be 15 kilometers away from the
borders this is the official position
not my own and that the Dara situation
should be dealt with separately than the
whole settlement so that it will not so
that they will guarantee at least quiet
at the
orders I don't know how many guarantees
they have thought but there's a feeling
an official feeling of great dismay and
they felt deceived by the that they were
not informed that there would be an
escalation that did not expect Jordans
vehemently refused to let any any more
Syrians across its border is is that
just because simply because Jordan can't
cope with any more refugees or is it
more to do with with security concerns
is it more to do with exactly who might
come across that border I think that the
initial decision to cross the border was
a quick fast response to the escalation
that was not expected and to pressure
all parties to go back to the table they
wanted a solution I think I don't think
it was well thought out all and then
there was a campaign in Jordan against
the yes securities questions are are
there and they want to pressure also the
International Committee to give more in
but it has created divisions inside the
country over the refugees issues many
Jordanians are not happy that and you
know about the campaign to open the
borders and of course the popular
opinion is divided because we have a
segment of the population Jordan that
support the Syrian the the Syrian regime
and the Syrians and they consider it a
victory for Assad Rami Khouri you open
the borders without any guarantees I'm
not sure there'll be an opening of the
borders without certain guarantees from
Russia and by the way the government are
what I know and I'm sure of that there
has been a communications directly
between Jordan and Damascus for the last
month so that could be that could help I
don't know Robbie curry how will Russia
ensure that no violation of this this
peace deal takes place and what what
happened to the the de-escalation zone
that I thought that that this this area
was supposed to be
the de-escalation zones are kind of like
the arab-israeli peace process they're
there on paper but they don't really
exist they're a bit of a figment of
people's imaginations the Syrians and
the Russians approved those the
escalation zones but said they have to
keep fighting terrorists which of course
every government should do but they
define anybody that they don't like it a
terrorist therefore the fighting
continues and this we've seen this
happen throughout the country so there
are the de-escalation zones where means
that were used for two reasons one to
heighten the diplomatic leverage that
Russia has including a little bit with
Iran and Turkey and the broader process
of political reconciliation in Syria
which should eventually go back to
Geneva but also to increase the leverage
that the Syrian armed forces have in the
short run to be able to continue
operations as they've done in several
parts of the country east gouta near
damascus and now in the south and they
will continue the last push to the
western part of the did our province in
the south so the de-escalation issue
shouldn't be taken literally but as part
of a complex diplomatic negotiation in
which the Russians and the Syrian
government have come out pretty much on
top in the short run the Iranians and
Hezbollah and others are watching Jordan
has serious real legitimate interests
and concerns but everybody wants to end
the fighting send the refugees back home
let them live in peace and open up Syria
again as a trading partner and transit
zone Lebanon and Jordan will both
immensely benefit from reopening the
borders for trade and these are the
bigger issues that people need to start
looking at but the fighting is not over
and last point I make is that one of the
really tricky parts in this is people
talk of the rebels and the government
the rebels are made up around 30 or 40
different kinds of groups they're
organized groups they're tribal groups
they're local people some of the rebels
negotiated agreements local ceasefires
with the government so there's all kinds
of different groups that don't agree and
that's why the rebel broadly they failed
this year in the the
the anti-assad army was not able to
triumph and and getting a full agreement
in the South means agreeing with you
know dozens and dozens of different
groups who have different interests and
we've seen that happen already but in
the long run the government is going to
triumph
Robbie Sabol as a tool of Russia's
guaranteeing security in this deal is it
possible that we could see Russian
forces operating in the Golan Heights or
or is that is that a no no I don't think
Russia is interested in having its
ground forces operating though there may
be Russian military police which will
help supervise the zone there's a
certain amount of joint interest between
Israel and Russia in not having Iran in
the area although they Iran has helped
ourselves regime there I don't think
that Russia is interested in their
continuing presence and therefore I
think we will see Russian support for
the Israeli position that there should
be no Iranian troops in if not in Syria
certainly nowhere near the border Israel
has always seen philia ambivalent
towards Bashar al-assad despite the the
Assad regime regime serving diem the
vital I mean strategic and security
interests of Israel since 1967 how going
forward do you think will Israel deal
with with Syria politically if if as
Rami says that the you know the Syrian
government will win what's the thinking
now Israeli government doesn't always
make wise decisions but I think one wise
decision they made was not to intervene
in the Syrian civil war
we provided humanitarian aid but medical
aid we haven't intervened I think we're
going to continue to see this we will
not be intervened intervening in the
Syrian civil war we will however
maintain our security problems that is
again to make sure there's the agreement
the 74 agreement is kept the buffer zone
will be empty we'll be free of any
military forces
there'll be limitation forces and that
we won't see in vain Ian's on the
anywhere near Israel's border and only
has there been communication between
Israel and Jordan in
in the light of the humanitarian crisis
in in Dara I'm not sure that it's about
aid but as you know Netanyahu visited
Jordan just few days before the
escalation and it was about partly about
the southern front is this southern
Syria I think Israel is involved in all
levels and I think any understanding
will include the Israelis through most
coins through America there are
Understanding between Putin and
Netanyahu but I want just here to say I
mean I mean for the Israelis to make a
big deal about who is on the Golan heart
when the Golan high on the borders when
they are the Golan Heights itself is
under occupation it's preposterous in
the end it's about Syria itself and when
say itself an sovereignty and its unity
and but Israel is totally involved and
it's been probably it's emerging as one
of the victorious parties unfortunately
it's really using situation posing as if
it's the the protector of Jordan as one
protector of Jordan will that's if it if
it's trying to provide its protection
it's like providing Jordan with a
poisoned chalice so people are very
aware of that are very wary of the
Israeli at all in the whole set up in
Jordan Ruby sable - do you want to
comment on what you've just heard there
again by the way I should add that I
don't think the world has appreciated
what Jordan has done for the refugees
it's absorbed taken large numbers of
soon refugees and I think we should see
world more world support for this we
have a dialogue with Jordan we have a
dialogue with with Russia again Israel's
interests I'll be limited here we want
to make sure that we have a quiet border
with Syria and the agreement is kept
we're not going to get we weren't
involved and we're not going to get
involved in the actual Syrian civil war
Rami Khouri in in Beirut what options
now are there for President Assad in
southern Syria if he tells Iranian
backed for
is to leave the area as part of this
deal where does that leave him in his
relationship with Iran I think this
issue of Iranian forces near the
israeli-occupied Golan Heights reflects
a lot of the bizarre approach that
Israel and Zionism have to our region I
mean this is just another example of
Israel saying its sovereignty its
security are more important than the
sovereignty and security of its
neighbors they can do anything it wants
in Lebanon and Syria and in Gaza Aidan
can kill it could shoot it can destroy
things and it does this all the time I
mean the idea that Israel hasn't been
involved in the Syrian war is a little
bit fantastic I mean they've been
attacking targets regularly that have in
one way hurt the Syrian government or
Hezbollah or the alliance between them
and Iran Hezbollah Syria and Iran are
really one unit that have been working
together since the early 1980s and
Israel has fought ferociously to try to
weaken them and it hasn't been able to
do so so far so I think we need to take
some of these statements and in a wider
context the the the Syrian government
now has a big responsibility and
opportunity to use the data our
situation when it finally drives out all
the rebels and the ISIS terrorists and a
few others and regained control to
perhaps use it as a laboratory for
reconciliation and governance we've
already heard science today and
yesterday that some of the local
agreements being made include allowing
some of the rebel leaders and officers
to be involved in joint governance
mechanisms at the local level and this
is what I mentioned before there were
dozens and dozens of local ceasefires
that were arranged over the last five or
six years so it's oh so the Syrian
government has one major priority after
it regains sovereignty over its
territory it's to regain legitimacy with
its people it half the Syrian people
don't trust it they're afraid of it
because of the terrible vicious things
that have happened in the war on all
sides so it's got huge obstacles in
regaining its its legitimacy and and
coming up with a government system that
every
the grease on the last want to make here
is that the really most fascinating
aspect of this and it's come through in
our little discussion is the role of the
Russians there I mean PhD students of
international relations around the world
should be studying what Russia has been
doing in the Middle East for the last
five years in detail because it's one of
the most fascinating examples of a big
power coming into the region and in new
and new ways forging new relationships
making itself pivotal and central
talking to everybody
Russia's talking to everybody in the
region and and and trying to maintain a
long-term strategic role for itself
which benefits its own national
well-being presumably and and its allies
so I think the Russian role is going to
be there for a long time and it'll keep
evolving with turkey with Iran with
Saudi Arabia now with Jordan if you
might end up with Russian Jordanian
joint patrols or mechanisms for refugee
security or trade issues on the border
you it's amazing what the Russians are
doing and I think we need to keep our
eye on that Robby's able professor what
do you make of that I mean it is Russia
a force for good in the region is Israel
at all concerned that it's that its ally
had the u.s. had nothing to do with the
brokering of this deal at its border
that Russia is the one that's firmly in
control here I think it's a fact we
can't dispute the United States as more
or less disappeared from the area and
it's Russia that has the influence I
would however seriously dispute the
statement just made that Iran Hezbollah
and Syria are one unit they're not
sewers in independent state and if he
wants have good relations with Israel it
cannot have foreign hostile elements in
it therefore Hezbollah should go back to
Lebanon Iran an alien force should stay
in Iran and we can reach an agreement
with Syria but it's not it's pernicious
to have Iranian forces near is was a
border it's dangerous to the Middle East
it's dangerous to Israel it's dangerous
to Lebanon I don't think any of the
actors in the area should want to see
Iranian forces
anywhere near the Israeli border Russia
is subtly the major actor and that's why
we maintain a dialogue with Russia
Russia has its own interest it's not
operating out of Israeli interest or
Syrian interest it has its own strategic
interest in the Middle East which are
not necessarily the same of Israel but
we maintain a dialogue with them and we
and I believe that at this stage Russia
is not interested in Iranian presence in
Syria
and only of course Jordan had a lot to
lose if there'd been a full-scale
military offensive in in southwestern
Syria does this deal ease its concerns
is there a collective sigh of relief in
Amman first of all it's a partial sigh
of relief because this ceasefire should
be just a step a one step towards an
agreement that is sustained in Daraa and
eventually in the horse all of Syria
secondly the refugees is a big concern
not just because it presents pressure on
Jordan because they say a humanitarian
disaster and this is another issue the
other issue I think there's mistress now
because as I told you the Georgian
officials did significant spell deceived
by the Russians as well as by the allied
the u.s. who who they think knew that
there would be an Assyrian joint Syrian
Russian bombing of Tara the other issue
I want to point out is it's very ironic
that a representative of an occupying
power is talking about the sovereignty
of another of another nation I wish
Israel should stop interfering and stop
bombing and not talk about moral ground
when it's an occupying power and it's
occupying Syrian lands that we really
make it easier for Syria and to go back
to normal all right look we're almost
out of time we're almost out of time
Robbie Sabol just very quickly do you
want to want to respond to that before I
throw it back to Ronnie Curry yes our
neighbour is Syria
I hope we can reach an agreement with
Syria we don't want to see Iran or
Hezbollah anywhere and I don't think
it's in the truce of Jordan of Lebanon
to see Iranian troops around there Rami
in Korea the battle in Daraa has shown
as you've said as you've pointed out
that that asshat has has won the war
what message does that send to other
rebel groups in other areas of the
country I'm thinking about Italy of
course I mean their dream of defeating
Assad is is now history isn't it oh
pretty much yeah I mean you don't still
have some local groups that might put up
some local resistance you might find
Syria becoming like Algeria and Morocco
today where there's dozens and dozens of
small demonstrations and but but pretty
much nonviolent in the long run their
big lesson out of Syria if you look back
over it the international community the
so-called international community
doesn't care what you do in your own
country even doesn't care when foreign
powers like Russia come in and help you
you can kill as many people as you want
as long as you don't use chemical
weapons in the same way that the world
doesn't care about what the UAE saw
these Americans and British are doing in
Yemen killing killing killing and
destroying a country so the total lack
of concern of the international
community about internal issues like
this is a really stark lesson that
people are going to get from this
situation and that the government's in
the area will say that can use as much
force as they want against their own
people put thirty forty thousand people
in jail like Egypt has done and nothing
happens so this is a problem for the
whole region now in terms of the
political of social and economic rights
of ordinary people we're both military
force and political repression can be
used that will without any serious
international and intervention hopefully
some wiser minds will prevail in the
Arab world in Israel and Turkey and Iran
and everywhere and and figure out how to
solve the underlying problems they are
Israeli conflict and other issues and
take away the need for these kinds of
wars that I'm afraid is where we must
leave it thank you to you all lamas and
only Robbie Sabol and Rami Khouri thank
you too for watching don't forget you
can see our program again at anytime
just by go
to the website at aljazeera.com for
further discussion join us at our
Facebook page at facebook.com forward
slash AJ inside story and you can also
join the conversation on twitter our
handle at AJ inside story from me Adrian
Finnegan and the whole team here in Doha
thanks for watching we'll see you again
you
