the journey starts with a cable car
through the clouds emerging onto a
mountaintop through a doorway cut into
the rock and you've entered the world of
James Bond
the British super spy who survived
decades of near-death experiences and
dispatched a hundred and fifty villains
over 24 films double-oh-seven elements
is less of a museum more of a cinematic
experience luring visitors into
different rooms dedicated to the music
the gadgets and the exotic locations
that make the James Bond franchise the
longest-running of all time this
mountain is where some of Spectre the
latest film was shot the Ice cuar√≥n
doubles as the Hoffner clinic and the
road below is where the car chase
happens the museum has been designed to
feel like a filmic journey we designed
each of the spaces to feel like it might
be a James Bond set in itself we wanted
to kind of set up the journey of our
guests as as you might find the
structure of a movie from darkness to
light from drama to rest by you know
throughout the whole experience the
setting is utterly modern but the
original character of James Bond doesn't
always sit well in the modern world his
casual sexism and racism scene in some
of the earlier films are not on display
here the new Bond while also a killer is
also caring the term Bond girls is gone
and the screens tell us that while he
has had amorous liaisons with over 40
women three-quarters of them have tried
to kill him
here you can see some of the key gadgets
used in the film's explore the Omega
laser watch analyze the Jaguar car used
in Spector and play at being a secret
agent getting your own double-o identity
but what the museum does best is
deconstruct how the films are made this
model shows how the Alpine chase
sequence inspector is stitched together
where the cameras are placed and how six
planes become one removing some of the
movie magic
but hopefully inspiring another
generation to enter the industry charlie
angela al jazeera austria
