the outrage was immediate fire set roads
blocked protesters say they can't afford
Haiti's new fuel prices with chaos out
on the street of the capital port of
Ponce several people decided to spend
the night at work
many businesses closed their doors my
wife is going to deliver our baby
she needs a caesarean but every hospital
we go to you we can't find a doctor
because of the protests I don't know
what to do the government announced an
increase of up to 50% for diesel
gasoline and kerosene but the hike a
leader of diesel will now cost $4 nearly
$5 for regular gas in a country where
about 80 percent of workers earn less
than $2 a day the news wasn't received
well we're speaking up against the
president he hasn't delivered on the
promises he made during his campaign
from food to drop creation we haven't
seen anything since he came into power
president of an Elmo EES took office
last year promising to improve the
economy the government says this move is
part of that process in February Haiti's
government agreed to reduce fuel
subsidies in exchange for aid from the
International Monetary Fund protesters
say they are tired of empty promises
they fear more prices will go up while
their wages stay the same
Katzie olympus other yun al jazeera
