across half a nation a sea of muddy
water flooding has ripped Japan into
with central and southern regions
largely submerged the death toll has
steadily climbed an elderly man was
swept into a swollen river in Hiroshima
homes have collapsed and landslides have
buried at least 10 people east to west
from Kyoto South dozens of people are
missing I offer my deepest condolences
to the victims and my sympathies to all
people who have been affected in central
and southern regions 1.6 million people
have been handed evacuation orders
another 3 million have been advised to
leave the heavy rain is forecast until
Monday they were heavy rain will
continue in the area from Western to
Eastern Japan and it will be historic
torrential rainfall which could be the
heaviest rain ever recorded nearly
50,000 police firefighters and civil
defense personnel have been deployed
Kyoto's Riverside promenade a major
tourist spot was shot when the Carmel
River burst its banks roads and bridges
are shut for hundreds of kilometers
warnings have been issued for landslide
prone areas this rainfall is hitting
basically everywhere at once so there's
no it's difficult for the emergency
services to prioritize where they should
go first because there's so many things
happening all at once and obviously if a
road is washed out or a bridge is
destroyed even if you have a nice fire
engine or ambulance you can't get to
some of the places that you need to go
to and responders have experienced rural
areas of Japan's struggle with flooding
at this time every year but this year
there were special circumstances it
started on Tuesday when typhoon prop
Arun entered the Sea of Japan the
southern city of Kagoshima felt at first
with high winds
taunting its southern tip before it
dropped unprecedented rainfall the
typhoon has been downgraded a move that
means little to those navigating its
wrath
Charlotte Bellis al-jazeera
