coming from hundreds of meters deep
within this mountain handwritten notes
from the trap 13 were delivered to the
eager and worried parents outside the
dumb luang cave it was the first direct
contact they've had since the boys went
missing one read I love you mom I love
you dad and he placed an order for his
first meal when he gets out barbecued
pork a seal diver added a note don't
worry everyone is strong another note
came from the 25 year old football coach
who took them into the cave he
apologized to the parents and said they
were being well taken care of the
parents then wrote notes of their own
also hand-delivered the nearly five
kilometres into the cave
twelve-year-old prophet sang Qiao is a
novice monk at a temple just next to the
football pitch where the boys were two
weeks ago just before they went into the
cave the temple is believed to be a
guardian for the cave it's currently
also acting as a base for some soldiers
working on the rescue effort I want them
to be patient and I want them out as
soon as they can the head of the rescue
operation says that the challenges
they're facing are unprecedented and
some of the most experienced and best
rescuers in the world are involved
concerns are growing about oxygen levels
in the sections of the cave not under
water and not just for the area where
the boys in the coach are also where
rescuers are staging equipment and
working from now on only essential staff
will be in the cave every rescue diver
reaches their limit and the third
chamber they cannot go further than that
such a rescue mission has never happened
before on this planet it requires both
an expert knowledge and skill he went on
to say that more than 100 locations
above the cave have been drilled looking
for an alternate escape route as the
rescue leaders plot the safest way to
get the boys out the more than 1,000 on
hand to help when that plan is launched
grab as much rest as they can
Scott Hodler al Jazeera Chiang Rai
