there has been a steady stream of
Syrians fleeing Derick coming here for
treatment with a wide variety of
injuries many of them conflict related
in the Jordanian military has set up
three separate tents in what are
extremely challenging environments it's
hot and it's dusty and it's very
difficult for people to work there are a
lot of frightened people here frightened
children frightened men frightened women
this five year old girl clearly in a lot
of pain just fell over as she was
running away from the fighting and she's
being given stitches by the doctors but
you can see there are difficult
conditions that they're working in and
you can see that this poor girl is very
frightened indeed most of interest here
we deal is cut wounds or burns
amputations and describe the environment
in which you're working how challenging
is this environment and why it's hot Sun
sands lack of some something necessary
for any people want to do in his life
the Jordanian military says its treated
hundreds of Syrians here in the last few
days for a wide variety of injuries and
illnesses to women unfortunately who
were pregnant trying to make it here for
treatment lost their babies because of
the great distance they had to travel an
indication really the very extreme
dangers the Syrians are facing as they
try and flee a bombardment of Daraa
province while Jordan is not opening its
borders to refugees to allow refugees in
it will give treatment to any who need
it and then they will be sent back into
Syria
