China has always promised it will match
exactly US tariffs with its own list 34
billion dollars worth of goods will be
affected from farm products to
automobiles chemicals and medical
equipment as those US products become
more expensive China has been looking
for other countries to supply them China
has been trying very hard to diversify
suppliers of energy of agricultural
product especially with all the heat
focused on soybean China has been
boosted his investment in a lot of other
unconventional countries for soybean
exports such as Russia in so doing say
critics of the u.s. policy Beijing has
been forging deeper trade links with US
competitors there will be no winners the
question is and will to be somebody lose
more than anybody else right now though
it looks like the United States is doing
the opposite of what it intended it is
in essence rallied the entire world
against it and US tariffs could
ultimately hurt US firms as well as
Chinese that's because far from being a
straightforward tit-for-tat and easily
winnable trade war it's complicated for
example some of the Chinese
semiconductors the u.s. is putting
tariffs on use microchips that are
designed and made in the US so those
companies will also be hit what's more
some of the Chinese firms targeted are
actually foreign owned including by some
US companies the u.s. measures are
attacking global supply and the value
chains to put it simply the u.s. is
opening fire on the entire world
including itself China suspects this is
about far more than trade and that the
u.s. is trying to thwart its ambitions
of becoming a high-tech manufacturer to
challenge one day the dominance of the
United States
