I am for me okay and you're in the
stream we are live right now in
al-jazeera
and YouTube today we explore three
stories making headlines around the
world
in Denmark new laws mandating so-called
ghetto children to be trained in Danish
values have critics accusing the
government of promoting xenophobia in
Mosul we look at the State of Iraq
second biggest city almost one year
after ISIL was defeated but first the
RIC injure tens of thousands of refugees
living in camps on the borders of
Myanmar and Bangladesh are threatened by
flooding and monsoon rains al-jazeera's
Muhammed Jam June is in Cox's Bazaar
when Samara Begum fled the horrors of
Myanmar and crossed into Bangladesh she
thought she'd found some safety for her
daughter and the rest of her surviving
relatives then the rains came sabirah is
among the approximately 42,000 people
here identified by aid agencies as being
at high risk from the elements which
means that for her and many other were
Hindu refugees things are beginning to
change for the better
shabbiha Montu tells me many of the
areas where were hinder refugee settled
in this sprawling campsite are prone to
natural disasters so today we've had
relocations of refugee families who are
living in areas that are higher risk of
landslides and flooding and we've
relocated them to new sites here in the
camp on safer ground where they can be
better protected in this extension to
the camp it's a race against time these
days the construction is constant for
Samaras family at last some relief a
first meal in their new dwelling it may
not look like much but for them right
now it makes all the difference in the
world
Mohammed Amin joins us now from Cox's
Bazar hi there Mohammed when you do your
storytelling when you report it's always
with the eyes of the refugees the
displaced people looking at your Twitter
feed right now goes aha
a Rea hinder refugee this is something
that you're working we will see later on
al Jazeera news but what's her story why
is she important well it's really
fascinating and quite sad goes lahar is
a is a woman who's in her 90s she
doesn't know her exact age which is
quite common with her into refugees of
that generation but she has fled Myanmar
three times three separate times in her
life because of the persecution faced by
broken jaw and the first time was in
1978 and the second time was in 1991 and
then 2017 the last great Exodus that
we've been covering now for the past
several months now she's brought with
her her extended family so in this one
Hut in cudapah long camp which is the
largest refugee settlement in the world
close to 1 million right into refugees
here in Cox's Bazar in this sprawling
makeshift settlement there are four
generations of her family there's her
there is her son his name is Ali Ahmed
there is her granddaughter or grandson
in law and her great-grandchildren as
well so it was really fascinating to get
to speak with him today we spent several
hours out basically where they are in
the area of their camp today and they
were telling us about how miserable it
had been for them in the last in the
last several years and you know her son
had also fled three times and he talked
about what that was like and and her
grandchildren talked about what it was
like and and you know this is a family
that really I believe their experience
mirrors the experience of so many other
rojan juh this is a group that isn't
just the largest group of stateless
people in the world is also one of the
world's most persecuted minorities and
we need to remember that and so when I
found out about this family we worked
hard to try to get this story done we're
going to be writing and editing the next
couple of days hope to get it on next
week but we want to just showcase this
absolutely people can watch that story
as they follow your reporting on allowed
to zero
we have questions for you this is
Ishmael he asks on Twitter presently
what steps are the Myanmar government
taking to help with injure refugees well
if you speak to aid workers and UN
officials it doesn't seem like they're
taking many steps at all I've never been
to Myanmar but I will say that you know
this past week here in Cox's Bazar just
a few days ago you had the United
Nations Secretary General Antonio
Guterres he was here you had the United
Nations High Commissioner for Refugees
Filippo grandi the president of the
World Bank they were here to try to
raise awareness about the plight of the
Ranjha the mass suffering and trauma
that they've experienced and the United
Nations secretary-general you know he
came right out and said that he's really
never seen anything on this scale before
in his life and he said that the
government of Myanmar needs to do much
more now there have been these memos of
understanding that have been signed
between the government of Myanmar and
the United Nations to try to begin a
repatriation process so that bro inter
refugees can go back to Myanmar but this
is at best problematic because details
of that memo of understanding leaked and
it seemed as though it did not refer to
the group as rojan juh they did not
clarify if they would get citizenship
rights and so in the past week I've been
speaking to a lot of refugees here who
are quite concerned about it they say
first and foremost that you know row
hinges should be involved in any
discussions about their group their
population but furthermore all the
others that I've been speaking with this
week say that they don't believe that
Myanmar serious this is a population
that would love to be able to go back
home but they believe that they are in
danger they don't believe that they will
get citizenship and they don't think
that the government of Myanmar has done
anything to demonstrate they are serious
about accepting Roja and excited to let
them come back and to give them the
rights that they say they deserve
Mohammed as a moment that you caught I'm
gonna show it from your Instagram
account and it's a moment where people
are lining the streets as this UN
meeting going on and also the president
of the World Bank is there UNHCR are
there refugee agency of the UN and
there's this moment that you capture
with people and they will
dignity security Rangers citizenship
what else are you hearing that they want
right now that they are demanding that
they have look on the one hand for me
they want their rights I mean this is a
this is a group of people that has
suffered the kind of atrocities that's
hard to even imagine I mean when I came
here last October for the first time and
started speaking to her Hindu refugees
about what they had suffered what what
they had been exposed to and the abuses
that have been brought against them by
the Myanmar military I couldn't process
it it just it's almost unfathomable so
on the one hand you have a group of
people that want to be safe they want to
live their lives but on the other hand
this is a group of people that's also
stateless they want citizenship they do
not have citizenship in in in Myanmar
they would love to be able to go back
but they believe that they are in danger
and they feel as though they've been
marginalised from the process they feel
that there are these international
bodies that are talking about them and
talking about protecting them but that
they are not so much in that process
themselves and so a lot of the a lot of
the people that I've been speaking with
this week have said there's no way that
they're going to go back unless they are
guaranteed citizenship rights Myanmar
which they've not had I mean just
something practical which is the weather
the monsoon season you captured that on
video let's have a look Cox's Bazar for
hours it's tapered off a bit in the last
20 minutes or so but when it rains like
this it really increases the sense of
anxiety here about what could happen you
know this is an area that is it's it's
prone to natural disasters and so the
more sustained the rain is the more fear
there is that there could be more
landslides more flooding how miserable
last must that be that there's something
that I noticed it's different this time
there was shelters there is building
going on but with the monsoon coming
just as a leaving thought here Muhammad
how are the refugees going to fare
there's huge amount of concern about
this Femi look I should say that since
the last time I was here the improvement
that has been made to the infrastructure
of this huge sprawling camp I mean it's
amazing no doubt about it
it's shocking I did not realize there
had been so much improvement to the
infrastructure of the camp and that so
much building was going on and you know
aid agencies and also we must say
Bangladeshi officials and government of
Bangladesh they've really been trying to
relocate tens of thousands of her Hindu
refugees that are most vulnerable in the
areas that are most prone to natural
disasters to other areas of the camps
but that's not enough and even though
there are so much good intention and
even though the World Bank has pledged
this week around five hundred million
dollars to the government of Bangladesh
to ensure help for the broken jaw
this is monsoon season the aid agencies
have been saying for months that it's
critical that stuff be done so they are
protected the rains are coming and
they're vulnerable
and there had been sustained rains the
past couple of days and there's a lot of
worry right now there could be a lot
more landslides there could be a lot
more flooding
alright Mohammed Jamuna is a senior
correspondent at Al Jazeera English you
will see his reporting in our news
coverage in the next couple of days
thanks Muhammad and now we head to
Denmark and a controversial set of laws
targeting communities of immigrants from
non-western countries have a look at
this video by our colleagues at aj+
or Tom Lennon had a pallets of bang
means committee sample Beamer through
the sample but is gable Indians blood I
want to show you some pictures this is a
young lady out playing outdoors we have
a woman swinging in the park this fine
was seen I want to show you is the
outside of a store that specializes in
what is clothing and hijabs all of these
scenes Denmark all of these areas be
classified as ghettos but do they look
like ghettos to you and they're also
impacted by new legislation set out by
the current ruling party in Denmark to
explain what is going on we have
Michaela Anderson he is a journalist at
the national newspaper of Belinsky hi
there Mikkel can you explain to us what
is going on here with these new laws
which seem to target particular parts of
Denmark yes certainly it would like to
win the upcoming election next year and
cracking down on lack of immigration is
certainly one of the things which in
Danish politics has been consistent
throughout the last couple of elections
and furthermore I think there are quite
real grievances about the lack of
employment and the lack of ability to
speak Denmark Danish in in the relevant
areas which are targeted in the span I
mentioned the word ghetto earlier and
it's something that Mille MB Dumont also
tweeted to us about let me show you her
tweet and she says the word ghetto it
has a negative conception it alludes to
an urban space characterized by the
criminalization and stigmatization of
the people who live in these spaces is
this lost in translation or are
politicians in Denmark actually using
the word ghetto it has some of the same
connotations that it would have in most
english-speaking countries but perhaps a
bit less you also talking about welfare
which people ghettos in
the northern suburbs of Magan so I mean
it's not that we're talking about
perhaps drawing comparisons to the Jews
Jewish ghettos of the Second World War
but some would say that there is a there
is a connection and it's furthermore
it's delivered by the government that
you want to use Hart's past language to
underscore the severity of the situation
that perhaps some would say also to
stigmatize the people living there would
you say and do the majority of people in
Denmark do they feel that these areas
are being stigmatized that there's
xenophobia going on or do they think yes
of course they have to become more
Danish I think say that they would have
to become not a nice I mean this is this
is not currently we have a Danish Social
Democrats which actually supporting this
legislation and are also being much more
aligned with the Danish right in regards
to that what's happening towards
integration and immigration in Denmark
so I think that there is a broad
majority of the Danish population which
is supporting this legislation I think
that there can be no doubt about that so
to be clear what will you think are the
highlights of this legislation that
really do stand out is that you have you
have pretty much defined some areas of
Denmark which are singled out for
particular treatment I mean you have you
as we saw on the video you mentioned we
are saying that it's becoming mandatory
to place children younger than the age
of six in nurseries and kindergartens
and I'm not saying yet the video that
you mentioned said that they were being
separated from their parents actually
what will happen is that people are
losing government subsidies of up to
$200 per month if they refuse to comply
with the legislation but of course it
still cries for quite a drastic measure
but saying that you have an area where
people are being treated out for legal
is different legal treatment and which
is also the case in regards to
punishment if you commit crimes within
these so-called ghetto areas you will
also receive a substantially harsher
punishment than you would otherwise in
the rest of Denmark and that's something
which is fine
in the in Danish context NoHo some might
say unfair let me just see what selling
PIP says here on Twitter we can discuss
the methods but the end goal is to avoid
areas where more resourceful resourceful
people free from our puppet schools that
do not reflect more or less average
population so that's a that's a vote in
favor of this new kind of legislation
but how are the people in these areas
reacting this is more let me see it's
more carrots and stick excuse me it's
more than carrots yes exactly it's only
is not stick and carrot and I think if
you look through D and it's initiatives
and in this package there 222
initiatives which have been combined in
this legislation it is more stick and
carrot I think that most people living
in these areas would see them as
somewhat unfair because as in practice
it is that the definitions of these
ghetto areas is crime unemployment and
also ethnicity so I mean it is an
indirect way of singling out people in
part because of ethnicity of course
famous living in the same area ethnic
and living in the same areas will also
be submitted to the same kind of like
registration in practice and also that
is probably the intention the idea is of
course that it will primarily target
immigrant people who are unemployed and
and therefore perhaps for a large part
not seen as being as able to convey the
English values and then the the
languages others I have a feeling this
is not the last we will hear about this
new kind of legislation mokou anderson
thank you so much for guiding up guiding
us through it today on the string
appreciate it thank you
so finally we go to Mosul in Iraq where
residents will soon mark the one-year
anniversary of when I saw was driven out
by government forces Mohamed jam jun who
we spoke to just a little bit earlier
followed this report before heading to
Cox's Bazaar morsel may be clear of ISIL
but reminders of the group's rain are
everywhere
not just of the group's atrocities but
also the brutal fighting it took to
topple them here streets are still empty
and buildings are destroyed for the
former residents who were lucky enough
to escape isil's web of violence and
inhumanity things remain difficult
strewn about our symbols of sufferings
of youth stopped dead in its tracks of a
displacement crisis that is nowhere near
over while the situation remains dire
there are signs of hope some
philanthropists and contractors are
promising to restore this city still no
one expects this will be easy
attempting restoration and renewal amid
so much despair so how much progress has
been made exploring these questions with
us now we have Ally Alba Rudy he is a
professor of English at the University
of Mosul hello there Ali when I I love
about what you're doing is not only are
you professor but you take photographs
and it takes us inside of Mosul we kind
of get a viewpoint that you would share
that you would talk to that you would
see let's have a look here the volume of
destruction is relatively small over 40
families are back here electricity and
water on the way back all they need is a
school and the rest of the people will
be back architecture there is more than
fascinating now this still looks like
there's a lot of work to be done but
that was quite a positive update with
that photograph how are things in Mosul
right now well we have just finished the
second post Isis academic year so things
might be a little bit dark for some but
when there is darkness there is light as
well the the academic year was not easy
at all
we went on campus for the first time and
you can never walk without looking
around for for what Isis has have left
behind but now things are different
a year into the liberation and things
are different and not
only at the level of services the local
and the central government are offering
to people but I'm talking about the
people themselves the people are
northern willing to restore life exactly
as it was before - or even better let me
show you this comment here on Twitter
it's from Alexandra as under SEP the
coalition praia Toa Payoh tourists the
military campaign against Isis expecting
Iraqis to foot the bill for
reconstruction there has to be some
international support to rebuild but
it's a drop in the ocean are you feeling
that outsiders are coming to help you
rebuild Mosul yes and I can give some
examples we have been receiving at the
level of the University we have been
receiving tons of books of generators of
lab staffs but still the volume of
destruction and the volume of the things
that we need is far beyond any
imagination simply because what happened
in muscle is pretty much like what
happened in Berlin and World War two and
it's pretty much like what happened in
Warsaw so we cannot expect it and it's
never an easy task I'm looking here at
your University can you point out to us
the level of destruction that we see the
square looks nice but then you look into
the distance and then you see how
damaged the university is well you can
send you you can say that 30 percent of
the buildings of the infrastructure of
most university has been leveled to the
ground but the UNDP is doing a lot is
doing in fact is doing miracles the
building in this photo is for the
Central Library of Mosul University the
UNDP is now removing the rubbles and as
they say they are going on refurbishing
it again this is an interesting comment
here from Sangha and Sangha was a
journalist he is based in Iraq he says
citizens or the world of who had their
houses destroyed they don't care about
the arches or history of the city they
just want to rebuild their houses
and go back instead of being displaced
so there's this balance here between
some of the beautiful parts of Mosul
that were destroyed in the fighting in
the battle and people needing to get
back to work do you think that we have a
gravely lost in Mosul the the first
thing was the identity of the city as a
multi-ethnic and multicultural
multi-religious City and then the
heritage it all started with - when they
when they blew everything beautiful of
like the shrines of the prophets the
shrines of the good people of the
ancestors and then they ended it with
the leaning minaret what happened in the
Inori mosque was far much beyond anyone
could imagine what to say yes yes I let
me show our viewers this this is from
the Nineveh operations command center
talking about the potential danger in
Mosul right now have a listen the most
important issue in Mosul is that we need
to start rebuilding and give hope to the
people most of the people in Mosul have
no income whatsoever and this is a grave
threat in the short term people can
withstand two or three months for that
money patience has a threshold so Ali
that grave threat I believe he's
referencing I saw where are they right
now what impact are they having on Mosul
if anything at all it muscle you can
never hear about them they are they are
gone and hopefully forever designed but
still the the people are still afraid of
the desert the threat because the desert
is quite vast quite open to other
countries and still there are some
accidents happening every now and then
between Mosul and care Koch and Mosul
and Baghdad there are some kidnappings
and hostages and execution so there is
still kind of active but there is an
operation to uproot their presence in
that area recently Ali Abu Rudy is a
professor of English at the University
of Mosul also is a very accomplished
photographer if you want to see his work
go to act
Baroody and you can see anytime on
Twitter that's all the time we have for
today's show thank you to all of our
guests and be sure to keep an eye on al
Jazeera comm for more coverage of these
stories I will see you online
take everybody
