she is so scared she would only speak to
us by telephone she came to the US with
her nine-year-old son seeking asylum
fleeing her native Brazil and an abusive
husband who threatened to kill her when
she crossed the border into America her
nightmare began border guards pried her
son away from her grasp listen closely
to what she says we were grabbing on to
each other and crying and we are holding
on to my son my son was holding on to me
and Wiggles crying in his desk and
what's happening one cell was full of
mothers the other packed with children
both cells with a thick glass wall faced
each other the majority of the children
died screaming and closing on the
McGrath is crazy they are trying to get
to the front of the quest to see the
parents across the felony would decide
it wasn't cell that was meant for twenty
to thirty women but their one idea was
they could barely move ninety nine zero
yes after two days her nightmare became
even worse it went into the cell and
then all of a sudden I assume they're
walking with my son taking him away that
was five weeks ago it was the last time
she saw her son after more than three
weeks in detention she was finally
released but her son was not she is now
living with relatives in the US and
lawyers working on her behalf have filed
a lawsuit against the federal government
to force immigration officials to
reunite her with her son but so far that
hasn't happened
those same immigration officials say
that asylum seekers that are detained
are treated well but that wasn't her
experience he treated really bad because
there's no hygiene is the place in a
place that we paid for ten days it was
never clean we never showered there were
no brushing teeth or anything like that
there was one toilet with the camera
over you know so they constantly check
in here
what thing she's been able to phone her
son only a couple times the last time
she was allowed three minutes last night
she was crying and he said he was hungry
then you want to know when she's gonna
come and get him
Gabe rose Ando al Jazeera New York
