parents want what's best for their
children so when a teacher says there
might be a problem parents naturally
respond imagine then the suggestion that
the child has ADHD attention deficit
hyperactivity disorder well a global
study indicates that might not always be
the case
conservative estimates put the global
number of children diagnosed with ADHD
at more than 10 million and that number
is rising there are no biological tests
for the disorder diagnosis relies on
teacher and parents reports of children
exhibiting impulsive behaviors including
fidgeting interrupting and being easily
distracted
this research published in the Journal
of child psychology and psychiatry
looked at 17 studies across 12 countries
covering more than 14 million children
in all of these countries within nations
with high rates of ADHD or where
prescription rates are low it was more
common for the youngest children in the
classroom to be assessed as having ADHD
all around the globe teachers are
looking at the youngest kids in class
and comparing them to to the other
children in classes and mistaking their
age their perfectly normal age-related
immaturity for ADHD and that's that's
extremely concerning that that and then
kicks off a diagnostic process teachers
don't diagnose ADHD or prescribe
medication but studies show in most
cases teachers other first to suggest a
child has the disorder and that label
can obscure other issues things like
being the youngest in class things like
being sleep-deprived things like being
bullied or abused and and and you know
some children are just naturally
impulsive and hyper and active and we
need to have greater tolerance for that
now I'm not suggesting some of these
children don't have problems they do but
giving them a label like ADHD stops
stops clinicians and parents and
teachers looking for the real cause of
the real underlying cause of these
problems and you simply give them and
give them a a dumbed-down label and
let's be honest a daily amphetamine
habit
researchers say delaying the age at
which a child starts school isn't
the answer as another child would then
become the youngest and potentially
suffer instead they advise teachers and
clinicians to be more cautious when
assessing a child and for parents who
know their children best to trust their
instincts
