a call to arms has been made rebels and
did our province say they are facing
little choice but to fight to the death
talks to end the fighting and restore
government rule in the southern province
peacefully have failed the opposition
says the terms demanded by the Russian
military which was negotiating on behalf
of the Syrian government are
unacceptable and humiliating what he
didn't even begin the negotiations and
the Russians were not even ready to
listen to our demands the Russian side
insisted on their own terms and left the
meeting during the meeting we insisted
on guarantees before we give up our
weapons because how can we give up our
weapons without an international
guarantees the relative lull in the
fighting has been shattered the military
offensive resumed in full force
civilians yet against the victims
activists say there were hundreds of
airstrikes in the few hours following
the breakdown of talks missiles and
barrel bombs battered what's left of
opposition controlled territory the
rebel-held areas have shrunk since the
almost three week long russian-backed
Syrian government offensive began but
the opposition says it will defend the
remaining thirty percent of the province
under its control the revolutionaries
managed to prevent the SADS forces from
advancing into typhus and salmon for the
fifth consecutive day this will be the
graveyard for the regime and the
Russians we tell Bashar al-assad that
the revolution started here and his end
will be here there is defiance but there
is also a reality the opposition is
surrounded and is abandoned by its
allies people are afraid of what happens
next
people are afraid of returning to their
homes if the regime is present they're
afraid of being forced to join the army
and arrest those who joined the
opposition Russia and the regime accuses
them of terrorism there's a lot of fear
the offensive has created a humanitarian
crisis hundreds of thousands of people
have been displaced the number is
growing with the escalation in the
fighting the opposition says it is
afraid to hand over their heavy weapons
without security guarantees from a third
party they fear reprisals from Syrian
government troops if they enter their
towns and villages those who don't want
to live under President Bashar al
Assad's rule are demanding safe passage
to rebel-held areas in the north and
opposition negotiators want the UN
involved in talks about the fate of
southern Syria all those requests were
rejected the intensity of the
bombardment is being described as the
heaviest since the offensive began just
like in previous military campaigns the
pro-government camp is hoping to bomb
the opposition into submission
sanika dar al jazeera Beirut
