during Robert Mugabe's rule army
commander supported his rulings on EPA
party and the military vowed not to
allow the opposition to take over the
army which forced Mugabe to resign last
November say this year things are going
to be different different forces is not
directive role in the upcoming
harmonized elections
role in the elections is mainly to
support it is imbaba Republic Feliz in
their role of maintenance of law and
order in the country before during and
after the Harmonized elections previous
elections Jeremy Gaby's rule were often
marred by violence voter intimidation
and fraud opposition leaders often said
security forces were involved
allegations denied by their commanders
Nelson Janissa who leads the opposition
MDC Alliance is concerned about vote
rigging and intimidation problems with
certain people who are probably
masquerading as the army it could be
that is not the army but they must be
able to then smoke those people out so
that they are not in the rural areas
just yesterday in comunidad there are
people who were masquerading to the
soldiers human rights workers say they
are also concerned about the Army's
power at least 15% of the Electoral
Commission Secretariat are serving or
former military officials the military
should help make the Commission more
independent and professional by removing
serving military officials from the body
some political analysts say the July
polls will be a battle between the old
part of the barbarous 1970s independence
war and the younger generation these are
the first elections without Robert
Mugabe on the ballots since 1980 more
than 5 million people have registered to
vote if no single presidential candidate
wins an outright majority there will be
a runoff in September the army says it
will respect the Constitution even if
the opposition wins the man who replaced
him gobby president Emerson Managua
promises these elections will be free
fair and credible para Matassa al
Jazeera
