on the dusty rocky ground below the
Bedouin village of Connemara
heavy machinery prepares the way from
Friday this will be a military exclusion
zone a clear signal of the villagers
impending demolition near are the
threatened homes Israeli security forces
moved in another bulldozer had been
stopped in its tracks by protesters a
brief standoff and then they started
dragging people away this is what the
activists are trying to do they're
trying to stop this activity this
seemingly imminent demolition here and
there being moved out of the way by
Israeli security forces the treatment
was marginally better for members of the
media judged to have got too close the
apparent aim to allow for easier access
to the area for large vehicles
potentially required for the demolition
of the villages one solid structure its
school ahmed abu de hook has lived here
since his birth he says the pressure on
the community has mounted drastically in
recent days we haven't been sleeping not
just last night we haven't slept for two
weeks since the decision came out every
day they show up on the top of the hill
over there they come here they scare the
children in the school the village lies
in the way of a long planned expansion
of the illegal Israeli settlements
encircling Jerusalem in the occupied
West Bank in May the Israeli Supreme
Court ruled that Kanawa Hamas school and
homes had been built illegally in
military controlled area sea and
therefore could be demolished with its
residents transferred to a Palestinian
town on Jerusalem's eastern fringes
various tests for the international
community is how are we coming to see
one day that Israel can be held
accountable or if not it means you're
pushing this region towards a deeper
hole a deeper hole of violence and Qatar
back in con al Ahmar the Israeli
operation ground on and the scuffles
continued to break out the Palestinian
red present society treated dozens of
people for injuries in the background
the bulldozers moved with a sense of
inevitability laying the groundwork for
what now seems the imminent destruction
of this community
Harry Fawcett al Jazeera Khan Alomar in
the occupied West Bank
