new video of the stranded 13 shows a
Thai Navy SEAL emblem drawn on the cave
ledge where the teenagers sought safety
11 days ago the words same oopah 13
lives referring to the name of their
youth football club meaning wild boar
personnel from the Navy SEALs are
staying with the boys at all times we
will report it to be in good health
after treatment for minor injuries
rescuers are under intense pressure to
get the 12 boys and their coach out
quickly there has been a pause in the
monsoon season rain but it's expected to
start falling again in the next few days
keeping water levels in the cave system
down is critical for the rescue one
option is to train them on the basics of
scuba diving something one diving expert
at the cave thinks will work if they use
a full face mask it won't take long it
is basically just a cave exercise you do
it them sitting on the sand you put the
mask on they get a feel for it they get
an understanding and use a through water
calm so they understand that they have a
communication that can talk to the diver
who guides a mild and if there's any
problem that can calm and down the
governor of Chiang Rai province says
that the trapped 13 might not all come
out at the same time they will evaluate
each one and bring them out only when
they're ready the u.s. is one of at
least six countries assisting the rescue
while getting them out is the goal
providing food and supplies is critical
the assistance portion in the resupply
and being able to provide supplies to
those children you know that's very very
relevant to the operations that are
being conducted and how we're able to
support our Thai partners in
anticipation of that moment everyone at
the cave entrance is waiting for
rehearsals are being held and when it's
not a Thai soldier playing a role it's a
member of the teenagers mu paw football
club Scott hi there al Jazeera Chiang
Rai
