still wearing Mexico's football jersey
after Monday's World Cup elimination
Alfonso Lopez Carmona is nevertheless
happy convinced he says that his country
has just won something much more
important nuevo Tran for model we see a
new transformed Mexico ahead with Andres
Manuel Lopez Obrador and his team we
expect to see the country we love so
much rise up and like no Mexican
president in decades president elect
lopez obrador will enjoy not just
overwhelming popular support but a
majority in congress to push through an
agenda that includes limiting or
eliminating some of the current
government structural reforms but he
can't completely turn the clock back
says this economists are you necessary
at the latest there are a series of laws
that protect investment especially
foreign investment because Mexico is a
champion of free trade agreements and
they cannot be dissolved by decree or a
simple congressional majority Lopez
Obrador has named moderate economists to
his cabinet to reassure the business
sector indeed none of the doomsday
predictions have come true the volatile
Mexican peso and the stock exchange have
remained stable and perhaps much more
unexpected US president Donald Trump has
rushed to be among the first to
congratulate his soon-to-be leftist
Mexican counterpart telling him in a
half-hour telephone call that he is
looking forward to quote a very good
bilateral relationship as important as
that relationship is Lopez Obrador
has a more urgent priority dealing with
Mexico's terrifying rate of violence
Marisa kilo must importantly pacify in
the country is his most difficult the
most important task we need very clear
signs of a change in strategy to combat
crime to draw a line between what's
legal and illegal and to recognize the
crimes against humanity have been
covered up with impunity Lopez Obrador
has the mandate he has the political
will the only question now is if he has
the skill to reach the high bar he has
set for himself and
his country to see a Newman I'll just
see that Mexico City
