I am for me okay and you're in the
stream today is Cameroon hurtling
towards civil war strikes that began
back in 2016 in the Anglophone regions
have led to extreme violence and calls
for secession we'll take a look at how
Cameroon got here and how its citizens
are currently coping
I'm Malika Bilal were live on YouTube
and we want to hear from all of you
especially those in our Cameroonian
community we'll examine what it will
take to bring both sides to the table
and how a long lasting peace could be
possible
they want this strike to stop for our
president to talk with our
english-speaking colleagues to try to
restore peace in Cameroon since we are
indivisible
we must for more is what I can say the
head of state need to see about the this
trouble of people Anglophone regions so
that you can sit down and find a
solution to make a camera to be a
peaceful country as we have like far
country we have no problem but this
change is bringing a lot of problem so
we need peace
in our country the head of state we'd at
least see what he can do to solve the
problem out Cameroonians they're
speaking on Cameroon day violence first
broke out in the northwest and Southwest
regions of Cameroon in October 2016 and
at that time lawyers and teachers went
on an indefinite strike saying they were
being mistreated and marginalized
socially economically and politically by
the government of the francophone
majority nation the Anglophone minority
makes up about 20% of the population and
what they say is their forced
assimilation has long been a source of
discontent those protests led to calls
for secession and reignited a separatist
movement that was calling for the
creation of the independent republic of
Amba's onea the conflicts between the
government and separatist rebels in the
Anglophone region of the country is
escalating and neither side is showing
signs of backing down while the military
calls the separatists terrorists the
separatists have accused the military of
genocide human rights group M
International has criticized both sides
for excessive use of force so joining us
on set we have Edwin gang he's an
advisor for the Republic of Amba Sonia
and a community organizer for the
Amazonia people's restoration movement
ilaria Ilona Ghazi is a lake chad region
researcher at Amnesty International and
Jiang manga is a Cameroonian blogger and
activist we're hoping to also be joined
on the phone by ISA Shiro mebecherie
the Minister of Communications for the
government of Cameroon he'll be speaking
to us from an official engagement
welcome to the stream all of you and I
want to start with our community because
they pitch today's show and had been for
several weeks now two opposing
perspectives
Araya here says I live in Amba Sonia a
country colonized by kab Arun and I live
in fear of being shot at for no reason
there is beyond disturbing presence of
Armed Forces everywhere in Amazonia and
they see civilians as foes now on the
other side we got a comment from someone
who also lives in that region that some
call Amazonia this is any who says this
is a huge ally I'm here and momenta and
civilians are scared of losing their
properties and being killed or called
names by secessionists if they say or do
anything against them Jane do you want
to weigh in here we're seeing very
different points of view from people who
live in the very same area how do you
see it I think first of all to call
these people and bostonia is already to
recognize them and we cannot recognize
something that doesn't exist
Cameroon is a sovereign country and
Amazonia is a terrorist group
so if normal that people living
environmental feels like they have been
invaded by some forces coming from
outside and that's all that's everything
we can say because only Cameroonian
living convenient living abroad are
calling it and lasagna I think that if
he makes that statement he will look as
if he just came in from Mars the the
reason why there is an Inc
people in Cameroon is because of how he
came to me and this is exactly because
the trusteeship was not terminated
properly that this problem has a browser
as a reason you cannot make a claim that
Cameroon is one and indivisible that is
a false statement and that is what is
going to cause the genocide that is
already creeping in the internet in the
red region Republic of Amazonia is the
successor state following the
constitutional disillusion of the
federal United Cameroon Republic's which
was the entity that was not properly
installed when the United Kingdom as the
ministry Authority and the United States
fail to fulfill the obligation as per UN
article 76 B I mean what date are we
talking about here we're talking about
1984 all right so what I'm gonna do for
a moment is just keep us up to date with
where we are right now Mallika asked you
Jay
how can it be two very different
examples of what is going on how is that
even possible the reason is because
there has been systematic assimilation
predetermined by the Franco Cameroon
alliance ever since they started having
association with with the English
neighbors which is also our country when
we have when we engage in in the unitary
state which was a fairer Cameroon
Republic they started dismantling
everything that has to do with the
Federation and they have planted their
agents in our society to come out and
promote these false narratives that we
are one and indivisible there is but
even if I may because we're going to get
deep deep deep into history here and I
want to just keep us current olara you
may actually have some clarity for us
because we have two different a many
different versions of what is going on
when you went in as amnesty the violence
was something that you looked at not
lessly go in but reported on and
investigated what are you seeing yes
exactly I think the two comments points
at the fact that in fact the ordinary
people the general population is caught
between two
violence is going on from both sides and
people have been caught between a rock
and a hard place between the violations
perpetrated by the security forces and
the acts of violence perpetrated by the
armed separatists what we have observed
on the ground is in fact that the
violence is escalating and especially in
the last two months they have been an
increase in the attacks in the reprisal
attacks by the security forces when the
Arbour separatist try to attack or
attack checkpoints origin there are many
stations or army convoys and violence is
escalating and really an alarming pace
and this is resulting also in a
humanitarian crisis which is not making
the headlines with over 21,000 under
home refugees in Nigeria and more than
160,000 internally displaced in the
Anglophone regions so this shows that
the situation is taking a turn for the
worst and is you know it will get worse
before it gets any better allow this is
reason this is fascinating coming from
the amnesty perspective because Malik
and I were pushing Jang and pushing
Edwin to even get to a little little bit
of that and they didn't talk about that
Malika what do you have what's
interesting in Lara you mentioned the
violence on both sides I actually want
to play for all of our viewers an audio
comment from a freelance journalist who
recently returned from Cameroon you can
see this tweet from him on my screen
here he was reporting on the political
unrest for ayran news agency and he
interviewed independent fighters now
we're not showing his face due to
security concerns but this is what he
told the stream I've spent a week with a
group of Fighters belonging to M bassani
defense forces in Cameron they've
claimed killing dozens of security
forces since the start of the conflict
what surprised me the most is that they
used to be farmers they had been forced
to leave their homes and their crops
after the communion army attacked their
villages and so they were left with only
two choices to hide in the bush or to
become fighters and so today they're
facing enemy
helicopters and assault rifles and get
support from the United States and other
countries was most of these fighters on
you have old guns and so they're left to
use amulets to protect themselves from
bullets as I'm gonna explain in article
do soon on Aaron since October last year
when the conflict started the Army has
been burning entire villages and killing
civilians according to one Cameroonian
human rights organization seventy
villages were destroyed by the army and
in an investigation I did with the BBC
we confirm satellite images at least six
villages had been burned down since
October he shows what he says his
evidence of villages being burned down
he also talks about the fact that these
are farmers who have now taken up arms
because of this conflict does that
resonate with that is a true statement
that I've heard from from each freelance
genesee and it reflects the truth that
is going on in our country today when we
stated that we have been subjugated by
Cameroon we mean it and that covers all
kinds of horriffic things that can be
done when I know people have been
oppressed by the Franco Cameroonian
alliance right now it has been did with
detected four machineries in in one of
the regions in the northern parts of our
country white forces why people would
white skins we don't know where they're
coming from there could be French
Legionnaires or they could be French
armies actually now we're fighting
alongside Cameron amis the Palladian
video she's got a lot of tweets about
people saying that we think that French
mercenaries are there international
mercenaries how are you confirming that
how do you where that we can only say
that because this camp Franco Cameron
alas it was signed in 1959 which it was
to ensure that the French interests in
Cameroon predominates once all was
discovered in Amazonia they switched the
position from not caring about the
Federation to fast forwarding in the
assimilation agenda through the
annexation that we said happen in 1972
when I he jus dissolved if the
Confederation fortunately for us that
same assembly in 1984 dissolve that
Union so by operation of the law there
is the successor state of not of now the
south
Cameron is the Republic of Amazonia out
since then we had laid claim that
Cameron is subjugating and occupying a
country but we have not we have never
had the international community for
instance United Nations to come in and
complete the process of fulfilling the
termination of the Association which was
in completed until that is done we will
never have peace in that region because
the only reason why Cameron is
interested in immersion is because of
the wealth that did they exploit from
our territory it's not that they care
about us we have the records to prove
that wasn't Minister hello welcome
welcome to our conversation this is
Minister ISA to Roma back away he is the
Minister of Information I know you've
been listening in to our conversation
Minister go ahead well thank you for
giving me this opportunity madam I am
mr. Jay Roma
inital communication and spokesperson of
the government I would like to express
gratitude for giving me the opportunity
to voice a government position as far as
this political unrest in our country in
particular in the two region of our
nation is concerned I just heard my
brother a Cameroonian who made a
libelous slanderous accusation
description of what is taking place
right now by saying that the government
has recruited foreigners to come and
deliver the good
this is disrespect for our people and
for our army madam I would like you to
know one thing we are based in
Washington New York is some few
kilometers away from Washington I advise
you to go and visit the archives of the
United Nations to understand exactly
what has taken place Kamran it in its
present configuration is the legacy and
it over to the nation by the United
Nations I say by the United Minister yes
I want to get some car
of what's happening right now I know
that there is always a temptation with
Cameroon to to go back because it's got
a deep colonial history I'd like to keep
us up to date for a moment you are right
now am I correct in thinking you at the
home of the US ambassador to Cameroon I
am what me with you see I believe I
believe you at the home of the US
ambassador to Cameroon the reason I
mention that is because that ambassador
had this to say about the current
violence and unrest in Cameroon have a
listen to what he said have a listen
Minister I will say that you know there
there is violence on both sides the
government has committed summary
executions they are guilty of detaining
people and not allowing them access to
lawyers to their families even to visits
from the Red Cross they have been
guilty of burning villages and looting
and general harassment of the population
on the side of the secessionist the
separatists we've seen you know horrible
headings kidnappings officials burning
up schools so we want to stress that the
United States condemns violence on both
sides so Minister this is what I'm
hearing summary executions burning of
villages looting this is by government
backed forces and they're on the
separatists point beside burning of
schools beheadings and kidnappings of
government officials this is what the US
Ambassador Cameroon is seeing he feels
it is actually happening how are you
going to deal with that
thank you madam for giving me this
opportunity to voice a government
position we are convinced that if people
of good well good faith
accept the law and constitution as a
framework within which we can negotiate
and work out a satisfactory solution for
the nation this is going to be possible
but out of constitution out of the laws
of the nation it is impossible what the
government would like to achieve is to
invite whoever in good faith can enable
can help us find the right people with
whom we can discuss here at beheadings
and burning of villages and summary
executions this is not a situation that
is good for the people of Cameroon I am
NOT hearing right now how you're going
to deal with this you want to pick the
right people
the terrorists this decision is
terrorist we are mr. versi himself with
camera
you know the um and to perpetrate they
are claim against our own people what I
am saying today that in case such a
report that the burning the destroying
of course when certain information is
brought to the knowledge of the
government a genuine and uncomplete and
inquiry and investigation okay
I had Minister please please please stay
with us because we're we're rapidly
running out of time edwin said he's not
a terrorist he says he's a
restorationist I've had the minister
continue to refer to us as terrorist we
are restoration ism remember that these
two countries came into conscious
agreement to form a union which was not
completed this is where the problem is
we cannot be talking about the symptom
of of the problems when the problem
hasn't been addressed until we go back
to the beginning and correct the
mistakes of 1960 whereby United Nations
failed to fulfill its obligation as
paying atticus n6b when we attempt
sovereign state and got them and got to
be a sovereign independent country and
engage into a confederation with Cameron
which was then destroyed by a hideous
that eternal rule we are not going to
solve this problem
I hate yes that community because I also
want to be part of the conversation and
get go ahead well it's interesting
ilaria you're you're hearing this back
and forth you heard what the minister
said and of course you're hearing what
Edwin said this is a to bow who says
extrajudicial killings burning down
entire villages shooting unarmed
civilians and forest disappearances in
the southwest and the northwest regions
must be investigated we urge for a
commission of inquiry to fully
investigate these crimes now of course
amnesty is not that kind of commission
it won't won't conduct that kind of
commission but you did do an
investigation talk to us about your
access yes first of all let me welcome
the statement of the minister regarding
they need for holding accountable those
who have perpetrated crimes in the
northern Southwest this is you know it's
a welcoming news but at the same time
that maybe a little bit skeptical
because unfortunately what we have seen
in Cameroon is a long track record of
abusive conduct by the security forces
and as well as an entrenched culture of
impunity so so far since we have started
our research work on Cameroon very
little investigations have been opened
on the cases that we have documented and
we talk about hundreds of cases of
enforced disappearances systematic
torture in illegal detention facilities
arbitrary arrests and in the case of the
context of Anglophone crisis we have
also documented a burning of entire
villages thanks also to the use of
satellite imagery which showed for
example like the complete destruction of
a couple of village in the southwest
regions and we have spoken with victims
and eyewitnesses and their families who
told us about their dramatic stories
when they fled those villages when the
army came to carry out its security
operations so I think it's important to
address the issues and address impunity
which has been one of the root causes of
this crisis and it's only fueling more
violence and crimes in Laurie you made
some recommendations at the end of this
investigation that you did into the
violence in Cameroon violence on both
sides we have the minister on the line
right now what are the recommendation
because he was a very impressed with
this report at all madam please please
you have a mini statement made by many
people against the government if you do
not give me enough time to answer I will
leave I have to make it clear my country
the nation is victim of aggression
since this one is they are the one who
took em against the institution they are
the one who are perpetrate committing
the most odious crime by preventing out
our kids our children are alive I'm
going to school when you were speaking I
didn't tell you anything
be polite and listen to what I am saying
and I am speaking on behalf of the
government Minister we just have a blue
we just have a little moment Minister
let me just push you so that we can
actually hear how are you going to work
on this unrest that is currently
afflicting Cameroon what is the plan yes
do you go I will say there is no
conflict without possibility to find
solution Minister Minister we as you can
hear we lost the Minister his whole time
for might because this is this is a
struggle it is quite painful
Mallika what do we have well you heard
the minister earlier call some
secessionist terrorists that's something
we've seen online as well you don't see
a lot of francophone tweets on line but
you do see Facebook post like this
victims of Amazonia terrorists and this
next one no to Amazonia and no to
secessionist terrorism Jake I want to
give this to you because I know that
you're a member of this group that has
about 600 members on Facebook what is
your view I think here I really wanna
ask a question what is really the role
of Amnesty International in all these
stories because Amnesty International
have really lost its credibility when it
started supporting Boko Haram
the country a sovereign country like
Cameroon cannot brag on which terrorist
and in the same thing a minute or so we
are talking if we are talking here about
the Cameroonian army server and country
burning we know that these terrorists
have fun refuge in schools they have
been burning raping women and Amnesty
International House do excuse me I
actually have one minute left in this
entire show viewers if you're watching
this you can hear the difficulty that
we're having to even try and discuss
this in any way that gives us any
clarity I want to go back to Malika
because I'm feeling that I'm getting
clarity from the community and and it's
difficult with you debating and cow
debating heads each other
Malika what are you seeing oh and Roy
two tweets from YouTube excuse me two
comments in YouTube Thomas says he finds
it interesting that a peaceful protest
by lawyers and teachers has led to what
we're seeing here today and another
person at Tom says the core reason why
the French Republic of Cameroon fights
to keep southern Cameroon is because of
the resources the Union has never been
legal or in good faith thus they know
and have always known this I think I
need to say something
thank you so much for being with us and
ilaria I know you need to write a reply
and we will do that online because we've
left some threads hanging luckily at AJ
stream is that Twitter handle our
conversations always continue there
Edwin ilaria Eng and also minister of
communications for Cameroon thank you
for joining us our conversation
continues online season
you
you
you
you
