Syrians fleeing continue to shift in
their our province the United Nations
says 270,000 people have already been
uprooted during the Syrian government's
military offensive now in its third week
the remaining towns under opposition
control are being battered by airstrikes
and shelling and the fear is an
escalated military campaign now that
talks collapse there is a military
escalation to pressure the rebel
factions to accept the Russian
military's conditions to end the assault
those conditions are he relating for the
opposition they just want them to give
up everything after years of sacrifices
they can't accept that the opposition
delegation involved in talks with the
Russian military which were mediated by
Jordan formally pulled out of
negotiations it's not clear if all rebel
commanders support that decision but
those who have made separate deals are
being called traitors the
representatives of a handful of towns
have been signing so called
reconciliation deals with the government
or what amounts to a surrender syrian
state television is showing people
celebrating the return of government
rule more often than not there is little
choice such deals stave off further
military action and prevent more
suffering but anyone wanted by the state
such as rebel fighters and those
involved in opposition activities or who
worked in rebel run administrations
leave rebel areas are shrinking more
than 60% of Daraa is now under the
control of President Bashar al Assad's
forces rebels still hold parts of the
provincial capital Duras city and areas
along the borders of the occupied Golan
Heights and Jordan including the naseeb
crossing the opposition is in a weak
position it has been abandoned by its
allies the United States told them not
to expect to be back - militarily Jordan
closed its borders to weapons shipments
and refugees instead it says it wants to
focus on mediating a ceasefire but a
ceasefire is not what the pro Syrian
government camp wants
it is pushing for a military victory a
win in the southern corner of Syria
would follow significant gains close to
the capital in recent months then like
now it is the civilians who pay the
heaviest price that's not valid Micucci
fever meal we ask every person with a
conscience to help stop the shelling why
are they shelling areas where there are
children helpless elderly and sick
people the children are hungry and
without food we only brought tea and
sugar with us please force this criminal
to end the shelling that is unlikely to
happen the decision by some in the
opposition not to sit at the negotiating
table means a stepped-up military
campaign especially since the government
stated goal is to recapture southern
Syria
XANA father al Jazeera Beirut
