in these times of unbridled violence and
corruption Mexicans have taken a leap of
faith we all want to be able to live and
work in our country without being killed
with Lopez Obrador we believe there will
finally be real change for the first
time Mexicans have chosen a left-wing
populist Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador to
lead them better known as amla he
represents social change and above all
honesty
I will not let you down I will not
disappoint you I am conscious at my
historic responsibility I don't want to
go down in history as a bad president
Lopez Obrador says he will begin by
eradicating corruption which he says is
the principal cause of poverty and
violence a radical transformation he has
explained that he'll pay for ambitious
social programs and subsidies for the
poorest with an estimated twenty five
billion dollars he says corrupt
politicians steal and that he'll even
sell the presidential plane to save
money
opponents say he has a Messiah Complex
and warned that he will undermine
democratic institutions and send
investors fleeing but for millions who
voted for Lopez Obrador
he represents the change this country
desperately needs that the government
cannot do it alone but the civil society
cannot do it alone either
so we have to join forces in a basis of
honesty in a basis of a real fight
against corruption and in the basis of a
good judicial system the give us justice
for all all that of course is easier
said than done and given the
extraordinary expectations he's awoken
Lopez Obrador job will be all the more
daunting
see a Newman al-jazeera Mexico City
