the African Union is underfunded and
beset by divisions meeting in the
Mauritania Capitan workshop they say
they are willing to make tough decisions
to restore stability across the
continent but thousands of kilometers
away in South Sudan a ceasefire that was
agreed just days ago has collapsed
raising concerns of further violence in
the country
we'll see Devon auxillary Lockett we
must speed up the pace of institutional
reform with our union
reform as an existential condition of
our union significant progress has been
made especially on the financial side of
the reform and we need to build on this
momentum South Sudan isn't the only
conflict leaders here are trying to deal
with Libya remains divided Somalia still
faces attacks from al-shabaab and the
political deadlock in Western Sahara has
taken longer than expected there were
hopes work short would be the place
where Ethiopian and Eritrean leaders
would meet face-to-face and start talks
about a border dispute one of the oldest
in Africa both leaders didn't show up at
the summit but Eritrea's president
Esaias of worki sent a delegation to
addis ababa reviving hopes of a lasting
peace between the neighboring countries
we are working on the ice-breaking stage
where you know fantastic stage
developments have been
I think the futures are very technical
where you know any country two countries
that come up to create truth will step
the internationally accepted procedures
the African Union was established to
promote peace helped local economies and
provides stability it now wants to
establish a single currency a central
bank and perhaps an African Parliament
shaping the future of a continent of
more than 1 billion people African
leaders faced mounting pressure to
implement genuine political reforms and
conflicts and provide jobs for millions
of people across the continent but
without addressing the issues of
corruption poverty and instability any
talks of prosperity and political unity
might be difficult to achieve hashmap
para al jazeera mark shot
