he's his country's youngest leader and
now for six months at least on paper
Europe's as Austrian Chancellor since
last December sebastian quartz has
governed in a coalition with the
far-right and increasingly his policies
have reflected that Austria's goal is to
stop the tide of illegal immigration the
refugee and migrant influx into Europe
we have always stuck to our position and
we'll use the EU presidency to work on a
sound European solution that can only be
achieved if the protection of our
external borders works we have to be the
ones who decide who come into Europe not
the people smugglers courts says he sees
his country's role as a bridge between
East and West which is why he's been
making overtures to the countries of
what's called the visa grad group the
Czech Republic Hungary Poland and
Slovakia who some in Brussels consider
to be in the EU x' awkward squad they
don't share the desire for an ever
deeper union and don't want to accept
more migrants or refugees trying to
cross the Mediterranean everybody jumps
into the water
our people catch them bring them out
fish them out of the water and
automatically they're basically ferried
into the European Union I don't believe
this is a complex border defense it's
extremely important that we define what
happens with those who are trying to
cross seas illegally into the European
Union
there is another border that is
important to ministers in Vienna this is
the sad-sack River a natural frontier
dividing Austria and Germany from each
other but in recent times the government
of Sebastian courts has been reaching
across this river to try to establish
good relations with the government in
Bavaria and it's specifically regarding
immigration and border controls because
ministers in Munich and Vienna want to
see much more of this police checking
people crossing their shared frontier a
technical but apparently temporary
breach of the EU Schengen open borders
deal but while this is clearly what
courts is seeking his counterpart in
Berlin angle
Marco has resisted the widespread return
of such controls insisting that Schengen
is a vital plank that EU policy away
from the issue of migration another
problem the Austrians will face is the
pressing question of how to deal with
the EU s budget which means that as mr.
quartz takes his seat around the EU
table he will face lots of questions
which may not have easy answers
Dominic kane al jazeera Oberndorf buys
ads Bourg
