hello I'm handsome seeker this is
counting the cost on al-jazeera your
weekly look at the world of business and
economics the European Union is trying
to change will look at the efforts to
reform it also this week illegal logging
activists accused timber companies of
endangering the world's second largest
rainforest in the Democratic Republic of
Congo plus NAFTA and one of the world's
worst digital divides we'll look at the
economic challenges ahead for Mexico now
the European Union makes up one-fifth of
the world's economy part of its success
is that EU citizens see themselves as
better off economically within the block
than outside but that perception is
being challenged the EU turned 60 last
year and for some it may be showing its
age this week's EU summit in Brussels
reform was tabled as a necessary
adjustment to meet the new challenges
French president Emmanuel macron is one
of those driving the reforms he says now
is a golden opportunity to make changes
to ensure the future success of the bloc
he is pushing for a more financially
flexible EU but divisions have been
growing as well over the bloc's policy
on refugees on the opening day a
breakthrough of sorts was achieved under
the deal the bloc will boost funding to
address the issue which has threatened
the very Solidarity of the bloc marsley
has more if it's being framed as a
solution to the migration crisis I think
it's the biggest exaggeration you could
possibly imagine what what it is in
terms is a sort of political fix to stop
the block from falling apart and take
the pressure in particular off the
German Chancellor Angela Merkel whose
political career was in the balance
because of this a lot of what they've
agreed in this communique is exactly
what it expected and it's all about
keeping people out more support for the
Libyan Coast Guard for example
strengthening the borders with Turkey
these sorts of things the surprise
package which was
dreamt up by Emmanuel macron the French
president was this idea of what they
call holding centers potentially in
Italy in Greece the two countries that
most of the refugees come through
actually what it is in terms is a win
for the hardliners no overall idea of
what a common European Asylum policy
looks like but what it does is appease
Italy and take all the pressure of
Angela Merkel we're joining us now from
London is John springfed deputy director
at the Center for European reform thanks
very much for being with us so is there
a problem in the way this whole issue of
migration is being framed in Europe
particularly in economic terms because
you know we get it we get all these
figures about how Germany for example
its population is getting older and and
there's a labor shortage and there is an
argument there that it actually needs
more people it needs more migrants I
think that's absolutely right and and
one of the big advantages of a lot of
having a lot of migrants coming into
your economy is that it also just helps
you fiscally if you've got an aging
population and a shrinking working age
population then you don't have the tax
base to be able to pay for all of the
health care and pensions and so forth
that the old people need so bringing in
more people definitely helps what's
really important though is that those
people are quickly integrated into the
labor market into society so that they
find jobs quickly and they they start
becoming productive helpful members of
society yeah this goes back to this this
whole issue of Europe's rich subsidizing
Europe's poor I mean how do you find how
do you find some sort of common ground
on that I think that Germany is is very
unwilling to have the kind of transfer
Union as it's called that a country like
Italy or most countries have whereby
because you raise more taxes from rich
people that money gets ultimately
transformed transferred in the form of
public services and welfare expenditure
to poorer people Germany really does not
want that to happen on the on a European
scale and Angela Merkel has tried very
hard with her negotiations with macron
to stop that from happening
and part of the reason for that is it's
not just Germany it's also a group of
countries led by the Netherlands which
are calling themselves the new Hanseatic
League and who were breathing down
Angela Merkel's neck and saying look we
really don't want Germany to sign up to
that kind of transfer Union there's also
of course the issue of tariffs the EU
looking at its own set of measures to
protect its its steel and aluminium
industry and that's of course coming
after the u.s. imposed tariffs on their
metals industry what what impact is that
likely to have because we've heard
enough economists saying that trade wars
are on there are no winners in in trade
wars so I mean is this is this a case of
that they were faced with little choice
the the current set of tariffs which the
Trump administration has imposed is not
going to be an economic disaster for the
European Union you know we're talking
about tariffs on some basic metals and
the EU is not an absolutely huge
supplier of these metals to the US the
problem is if the trade war escalates
and the US imposes tariffs on cars where
the EU has a very big surplus and sends
a lot of cars to the US and it's quite
vulnerable to that and I mean it's
difficult to say how the EU should
respond on the one hand if they just
said okay Trump imposed tariffs on us
and we're not going to respond and then
it may well just embolden Trump to go
further and particularly if the trade
balance between the EU and the US does
not improve but on the other hand you
know if they do escalate the the trade
war then it might become a kind of fight
to the death and we might see some
severe restrictions on transatlantic
trade which which won't help anyone and
so it's a typical economists on the one
hand and on the other argument but I
think the EU is essentially has got no
easy options here
John springfed good to speak with you
thank you now an iconic motorcycle brand
versus Donald Trump the US presidents
trade spat with the EU has forced Harley
Davidson
shift gear new EU tariffs will raise the
average cost per bike by about $2,000 so
it's moving some production outside the
US and with that decision Harley became
the poster child for the breakdown in
u.s. trade relations with the EU Rob
Reynolds has more from Washington the
growing global trade war is claiming
some of its first victims in the u.s.
motorcycle maker Harley Davidson
announced it was moving some of its
production overseas to avoid steep
tariffs imposed by the European Union
the EU action came after President
Donald Trump slapped tariffs on European
steel and aluminum Harley Davidson says
it sold 40,000 motorcycles in Europe
last year it's not yet clear how many
workers will lose their jobs Trump
tweeted surprised that Harley Davidson
of all companies would be the first to
wave the white flag asked about the
wisconsin-based manufacturer's decision
White House spokesperson Sarah Sanders
defended Trump's trade policies European
Union is attempting to punish US workers
with unfair and discriminatory trade
policies and president Trump will
continue to push for free fair and
reciprocal trade in hopes that the EU
will join us in that meanwhile soybean
farmers in the Midwest are dreading the
prospect of China taxing their product
in retaliation for Trump's tariffs on
Chinese goods soybean futures are
already at their lowest in nearly a
decade export 25% of your products any
time your stock start talking trade
negotiations it's gonna be a big impact
on your business
EU tariffs have gone into effect on us
cranberries peanut butter orange juice
and Levi's jeans also in a blow to
European liquor aficionados and American
distillers bourbon whiskey has become
costlier from Lisbon to Warsaw thanks to
EU retaliatory tariffs 25% price
increase is going to put us really
expensive compared to other products
that are already available in Europe
made by either European producers or
Indian or even Japanese /
the Kentucky distillers Association
urged trade negotiators to quote sit
down over a glass of our signature
spirit and resolve their differences
I'll still tucum√°n counting the cost
ticket to ride a UK court grants uber a
temporary license to operate in London
but criticizes when it calls the
company's gung-ho behavior but first
there's a europe-wide shortfall of
carbon-dioxide why does that matter well
co2 is the gas that's used to put the
fizz into beer and soft drinks
it also helps extend the shelf life of
meat and other packaged foods it was
reported last week as the worst supply
situation to hit the European carbon
dioxide business in decades
adding the UK is the hardest hit country
a Kuwait Saudi Arabia and the United
Arab Emirates are teaming up to offer
financial aid to neighboring Bahrain
concerns have been growing about the
state of Bahrain's economy it's located
off the coast of Saudi Arabia but unlike
its neighbor it has limited oil supplies
a worries about the country's large
public debt which now stands at 89
percent of gross domestic product have
been gathering pace the cost of insuring
that debt against the default has also
been flashing a clear warning signal
it's at the highest since records began
but most worryingly Bahrain has
relatively low levels of foreign
exchange reserves so there have been
fears around its future ability to pay
for essential imports a demand for wood
in Europe and elsewhere is causing a
rainforest in Africa to shrink at an
alarming rate environmental campaigners
are accusing the largest timber company
in the Democratic Republic of Congo of
illegally cutting down millions of trees
porchetto Jan reports in the heart of
Africa the Congo Basin is home to the
world's second largest rain forest but a
new investigation accuses timber
companies of endangering its existence
second insights to the Amazon the
Congolese rainforest is some 2 million
square kilometres
covers six countries including the
Democratic Republic of Congo where
shrinking the fastest the nonprofit
Global Witness says the DRC's biggest
timber company nor suit timber is
illegally harvesting trees at nearly 90%
of its sites with impunity North
September which is Portuguese owned
denies is Congolese subsidiary soda four
is breaching its contracts it says the
accusations have no basis it
acknowledges some management plans may
not be in place but that it's talking
with the Ministry of Environment about
them Global Witness is also accusing
importers such as Portugal and France of
failing to take action researchers are
trying to learn about the forests unique
ecosystem before it's too late
say sunday for aq so these forests are
under pressure from humans so we
scientists want to categorize the fauna
the birds the ornithology of this forest
before it is destroyed scientists say
the Congo rainforest is a source of food
and water for tens of millions of people
it's also home to 600 types of trees and
10,000 animal species including
endangered ones they say these trees
produce oxygen and absorb carbon dioxide
but their ability to reduce greenhouse
gases and regulate the climate is
decreasing jenissi but example about the
Queen here for example the rainy season
normally starts in mid-august
but now sometimes it begins in July and
sometimes in September and when it comes
sometimes the water does not rise
steadily and then they suddenly recede
there's a disorder in the cycles despite
existing national and international law
is designed to protect rainforests
Global Witness says companies like
Northrop timber are endangering 75
million hectares of rainforest in the
DRC Global Witness demanding all those
involved from governments to importers
and buyers to stop being complicit in
the destruction of DRC's tropical
rainforests and the impact it's having
on the planet's climate juke-r on a
campaign at Global Witness says that the
government of DRC has not been
implementing the laws in its books a
report shows that around 60 percent of
the timber Noster timber is exporting
and no September is the biggest logging
company in DRC 60 percent of this timber
is class
fight as endangered or vulnerable by the
international union for the conservation
of nature we actually believe that
tropical timber or especially those
which are threatened or endangered
should be treated like ivory there's
basically no excuse no legitimacy to be
cutting down these endangered species
our global audience report exposes a lot
of a lot of legalities for an austere
timber an austere timber has also been
accused of legalities for the past six
years by other nongovernmental
organizations and so far the DRC has not
done anything to ensure that laws are
applied so the first thing that really
needs to happen is that the DRC
government must get serious and say if
you breach the law there will be
consequences now one of the main issues
in Mexico's presidential campaign has
been its underperforming economy Mexico
is traditionally seen as a commodities
and manufacturing giant it has the
largest proven silver reserves in the
world and the tenth largest oil reserves
but according to Bloomberg some 40% of
the population still face entrenched
poverty in terms of internet access
Mexico falls behind Colombia Brazil
Venezuela Chile and Argentina countries
where between 30 and 40 percent of the
population is connected online and the
most deprived areas are in rural
communities John Holman has more the
Mexican countryside decimated by poverty
and empty by migration over decades
young more a Velez is one of the aging
population of small-scale farmers
struggling to compete with industrial
scale operations in northern Mexico and
the US I produce grains but not money he
says many communities the young have
either left or turned to more lucrative
ventures men endure all the ass they
sell drugs they kidnap they live well
for a few days and then they get killed
just next to my house boy there was head
of a kidnapping
this man promises to change that
presidential frontrunner Andres Manuel
Lopez Obrador has made the neglected
Mexican countryside
Payne priority he said he'll revoke US
government support from large industrial
producers to smaller farms help them get
quality seats technological know-how
better access to loans and a guaranteed
minimum price for their crops it's all
part of an ambitious plan for Mexico to
produce its own food we're buying
everything a bribe that we could grow in
Mexico that's going to stop in the past
there are incredibly strong ties between
Mexicans and the land this is the
birthplace of corn itself but it's a
different country now dealing with a
booming urban population and a global
market the question is if it's really
possible or even worth the cost of
resuscitating this sector even lopez
obrador
team says the wholesale change he
promises will be impossible in one
administration and agricultural
economists who in general support the
plan have questioned if price guarantees
for individual farmers and in particular
enforcing homegrown food will carry a
steep cost for authorities and consumers
it's one consequence a significant that
in consequence it's going to be very
expensive for the government and Mexican
taxpayer farmers himself seemed split
between those still banking on a ruling
party which has given them just enough
to survive and those like Guillermo
voting in the hope of change well
joining me now to talk more about this
from IHS Market in London is Carlos
Cardenas thanks very much for being with
us
so just broadly speaking how would you
assess the current state of the Mexican
economy right now well our Isis market
we currently are expecting the economy
to continue growing this year to around
2.2 percent but the key question marks
are related to the ongoing NAFTA
renegotiations
there's a lot of uncertainty going on
there at
moment Mexico highly depends on the US
as its main customer in terms of exports
80% of making exports go to the US
that'll certainty will certainly impact
the economy when you when you hear about
Mexico in the news these days a lot of
it focuses on on the violence and the
ongoing drug wars which is pushing so
many people to the border with the US
and there and that's has its own issues
as well but how much of an impact is
this having on on Mexico as a whole in
mexican society yeah i mean certainly
last year we had a record levels in
terms of the numbers of homicides in the
country the trend continues to go up so
far this year everything is being driven
by the fragmentations of the main drug
cartels and this is generating an impact
on not only voting intention but also on
on the security environment for
companies that are operating in
different parts of the country this is a
big challenge that the next government
will inherit it's going to be very
difficult to resolve overall when you
look at the economic indicators actually
experts in mexico went up last year
foreign direct investment went up as
well but it's an issue about Mexico
being able to reach its potential in
terms of economic growth
so obviously reduction in terms of
violence would make the operating
environment more friendlier and that
could even speed up the amount of
investment and economic progress but but
having said that there are a lot of
certainties regarding NAFTA and and the
policies of the next government in terms
of the economy and that's going to
impact overall economic growth in the
country
in terms of the the inequalities in in
Mexico right now as well one of the
things I was I was reading about was
that 70% of Mexicans have no access to a
computer in in 2018 there is this this
great digital divide in the countries
between in the country between the
cities and and and some of the rural
areas how much of a factor is is all of
that in in Mexico's future economic
growth yeah there is a big digital
divide there is also a
divide between the north and south of
the country the South being usually
southern states are being very poor with
weak institutions and that reflects also
in terms of security and the operating
environment the current government it's
trying to create special economic zones
in the south of Mexico to try to promote
that economic growth the next one it's
very likely to continue with that and
also there are talks about expanding
those economic zones to the north of the
country there's also a big issue in
terms of youth unemployment and that is
not only fueling issues related to
drug-related violence and many of the
youth going into organized crime but
also creating issues in terms of
discontent especially in the south which
is a part of Mexico where you usually
have protests and strikes for different
reasons against the government and where
does Mexico's currency the peso fit into
all of this because as that takes a hit
there that has implications on inflation
in the country as well yeah certainly
the peso has been hit very hard over the
past year mostly related to the ongoing
negotiations regarding NAFTA every time
that there was a conflict or a situation
in which there was no agreement or every
time that the US administration
criticized Mexico's stance on trade the
pace are usually weakened and that
obviously had a big impact on inflation
that the the government at the moment
but also the one that will inherit the
country will only have to deal with that
in the future but also we're trying to
slow down overall inflation in the
country last year inflation was around
six percent the highest over the past 16
years and that's what's what challenge
that they will have to cope with over
the next year Carlos Cardenas thanks
very much for being with us
and finally taxi-hailing app uber has
won an appeal to continue operating in
London for now Uber's license was
revoked last September over the
company's failures to report serious
criminal offenses and conduct background
checks on drivers Paul Brennan has more
as a business Oba is a global disrupter
turning the traditional taxi profession
upside down and provoking protests bans
and restrictions as it does it the
company is now valued at more than
seventy billion dollars and after
starting with just 300 UK drivers in
2012 now has 60,000 UK drivers 45,000 of
them in London but it's had a
confrontational relationship with the
London regulator TfL the company boss
Tom Elvidge admitted that previous
correspondence for example the regulator
had been inaccurate incomplete and
inadequate and they accepted that the
reporting of crime for example was not
what it should be that said the judge
despite acknowledging a gung-ho approach
by the company in the past was willing
to give it the benefit of the doubt and
granted a 15 month probationary licence
under the strict supervision of TfL uber
insisted that since last year there have
been wholesale change in the way it now
conducts its business it was now
transparent and open with ubers UK boss
Tom Elvidge declined to be open with the
media afterwards instead in just a brief
written statement we are pleased with
today's decision we will continue to
work with TfL to address their concerns
and earn their trust while providing the
best possible service for our customers
but the body representing London's
traditional black cabs is not happy at
all they've admitted a catalogue of
errors the treatment of TfL is a
regulator and by Selina magistrate I
said our well as long as you've
apologized and everything's gonna be
good from now on we can move forward I
mean this decision was an absolute
disgrace and one former uber driver says
TfL now needs to prove itself to TfL
only tackled over at the end of a 5 year
license term why was tearful not on top
of this throughout the license term
that's the question we need to be asked
now is that has TfL changed as well is
it capable of managing uber uber is on
probation will it now play fair or take
TfL for a ride
and that is our show for this week get
in touch with us by tweeting me at TASM
seeker and do use the hashtag a JCTC
when you do or drop us an email counting
the cost that al jazeera dotnet is our
address there's more for you online as
well and aljazeera.com slash c TC and
i'll take you straight to our page which
has individual reports links and entire
episodes for you to catch up on that is
it for this edition of counting the cost
I'm handsome seeker from the whole team
here thanks for joining us the news on
al Jazeera is next
