a drone flies over the Australian surf
as well as the rough water it films in
the center of this shot two swimmers who
have been swept out and are in serious
trouble but rather than just film them
the drone drops help a self-inflating
float to which the swimmers cling on and
used to get gradually swept by the waves
back into Shore it was one of these
drones which in January carried out the
rescue of two sixteen-year-old boys Mark
Phillips was at the controls
lucky I got on video yes we didn't
actually put a timer on it because we're
obviously busy but we did it we do have
a timer from the video footage from the
flight so we know from takeoff to them
receiving the pod was 68 and 70 seconds
a demonstration shows how it works
the drone hovers above the person in
trouble then it's operator times when to
drop its load swimmers hold on until
help arrives in a more traditional way
in some cases drones are equipped with
loudspeakers to connected to lifeguard
radios they act in a preventative
capacity we're being able to get above
people and say hey stop there's a repair
or you are about to get into trouble or
you're about to be washed off that
sandbank head back in we've had that
capability so we've intervened probably
close to a hundred times where we've
stopped people getting into that
situation before they've even got their
last Australian summer beaches down the
East Coast were patrolled by 17
life-saving drones by this November more
than 50 rescue drones will be operating
the water today is as calm as it ever
gets
but in rough weather with waves drones
can reach places that jet skis can and
fast in training they've gone from Shore
to drop in just 25 seconds other drones
look for sharks computers have been
taught to recognize different species
we've trained it with with images this
this computer system and it can actually
come back and actually give us accurate
answers on the basis of the data we've
fed it the computer can then alert
people to get them out of the water it
is an excellent example there
Ã¡i being used in not to replace human
beings but SS a system in getting the
work done in a better way
the shark spotting and life float
dropping drones have finished their
trial periods
they'll be patrolling Australian beaches
for real this summer and those behind
them hope to sell their technology
worldwide
Audra Thomas al-jazeera Mooloolaba near
Brisbane
