it's farmers market day in hog in over
by an on this autumn morning the
election is on people's minds the local
green candidate is on the campaign trail
and her party is in buoyant mood you did
borgnar tells me she and her colleagues
offer hope for a tolerant multicultural
future we're growing ever more into a
globalized village and we need to make
sure that we're not neglecting local
people and local society in nature over
interest that may be the other end of
the world and I think this election will
breathe new life into democracy of a
very in Germany and Europe and make
democracy great again it's a sign of how
confident the Green Party and its
candidates are in this election that
they're campaigning strongly in areas
like this one traditionally seen as
heartlands for the governing Christian
social Union while the CSU finds itself
having to fight hard to hold on to
places it used to win easily
which explains why it's embattled Prime
Minister is talking tough on immigration
at on policing amid the band's beer and
Blitzer at a last election rally Marcos
serda spells out why voters michonne the
greens and votes CSU the green stand for
an ideological banning culture and I say
I do not want that I want to remain the
Free State instead of becoming a banning
State and that's why I say this program
of the Greens is very far away from the
CSU with this program there can be no
coalition but by attacking other party's
policies some analysts suggest the CSU
is tacitly accepting some of theirs are
unpopular voters are fed up with how you
know you always try you always pretend
but you never make it we're about fed up
with this we want someone else to
deliver a proper government opinion
polls suggest where once the CSU is
supported by almost half the voters now
barely more than a third to do while one
in five people say they support the
Greens little more than one in ten back
the Social Democrats we are talking
about the issues that really
I going on in everybody's life for
example housing is so expensive and
there's at the the top issue for us but
the polls suggest more voters prefer a
different message
leaving the distinct possibility that
greens will force their way into a
coalition yudit borgnar says her party
is ready for that but other voters will
find out on Sunday evening
Dominic Kane al Jazeera hog in uber Byam
