Russian football fans aren't used to
feeling good about their national team
written offers no hope is before the
tournament began the lowest ranked side
of the finals qualified for the knockout
rounds after two convincing if
unexpected wins last 16 game against
Spain now awaits many Russians first
play football on a pitch known as a
Carrabba when translated into English it
means box and this sort of caged playing
space is squeezed into small urban
spaces all over the country this thing
is for me honestly raw democracy because
everyone is welcome when you come in
here you're equal to everyone else it's
only you and what you show what you do
doesn't really matter which is your
gender which is your nationality which
is your like if you're Russian if you're
as Vegas and doesn't really matter all
you do is like you play soccer
Pavel says a handful of players he's met
in Moscow have been given trials with
professional teams but many talented
players don't make it I don't believe
those No I feel like I made a lot of
those but they are not playing
professionally so I hope the system will
will be a little bit better so those
people will get a chance to play
professionally three years ago Russian
football introduced new rules aimed at
increasing opportunities for young
players top clubs were told they had to
have at least five Russian players in
their lineup in an effort to reduce the
reliance on foreign imports but instead
of investing in academies clubs have
found themselves paying inflated wages
to mediocre but in-demand Russian
players who no longer have the
motivation to test themselves abroad the
head of player development for Russian
champions Lokomotiv Moscow has
experienced the failings of the rules at
first hand but he hopes this World Cup
will be a turning point in convincing
emerging Russian players they can
compete at the highest level Russian
national teams can play football
rational players can play football
against Egypt against our arrival this
is the most important you must believe
your place for for your country and good
good motivation to be maybe after five
years in national teams the decades of
faltering steps Russia is finally
getting to watch its own star performers
on football's biggest stage Andy
Richardson al Jazeera Moscow
