the Mexican countryside decimated by
poverty and empty by migration over
decades young more a Velez is one of the
ageing population of small-scale farmers
struggling to compete with industrial
scale operations in northern Mexico and
the u.s. I produce grains but not money
he says many communities the young have
either left or turned to more lucrative
ventures men endure all the ass they
sell drugs they kidnap they live well
for a few days and then they get killed
just next to my house boy there was head
of a kidnapping
this man promises to change that
presidential frontrunner and raise
Manuel Lopez Obrador has made the
neglected Mexican countryside a campaign
priority he said he'll revoke US
government support from large industrial
producers to smaller farms help them get
quality seeds technological know-how
better access to loans and a guaranteed
minimum price for their crops it's all
part of an ambitious plan for Mexico to
produce its own food you're buying
everything a bribe that we could grow in
Mexico that's going to stop in the past
there were incredibly strong ties
between Mexicans and the land this is
the birthplace of corn itself but it's a
different country now dealing with a
booming urban population and a global
market the question is if it's really
possible or even worth the cost of
resuscitating this sector even lopez
obrador team says the wholesale change
he promises will be impossible in one
administration and agricultural
economists who in general support the
plan have questioned if price guarantees
for individual farmers and in particular
enforcing homegrown food will carry a
steep cost for authorities and consumers
it's one consequence a significant that
in consequence it's going to be very
expensive for the government
in Mexican taxpayer farmers himself
seemed split between those still banking
on a ruling party which has given them
just enough to survive and those like
Guillermo voting in the hope of change
John Holman al Jazeera Mitch were can
