the lifelines volunteer crews spent the
day washing down the boat taking out
rubbish accumulated during its six days
at sea mission lifeline which owns the
vessel has a more complicated cleanup of
its reputation it's indirectly accused
of colluding to smuggle people to Europe
after it refused to hand over 233
rescued refugees to Libyan authorities
we picked up them on the 21st of June
about 18 and 22 miles far from the from
the Libyan coast so in international
waters after while Libyan Coast Guard
boat approaches and told us to hand out
the migrants to them they wanted to
bring back some migrants to Libya where
they put to jail so we said well there's
no way for us to hand out the migrants
the Italian Coast Guard refused the
Lifeline a safe port in Italy preferring
to send refugees to camps in Libya what
Italians do is illegal so we think that
Italian is breaking international law
because Libya is not safe and the people
are crowded in in such prisons and their
face malnutrition they are and torture
too and rape for sure
so we are sure that this is not a
solution and should stop very very soon
the plight of the Lifeline embodies the
broader European debate about whether to
rescue refugees at sea and bring them to
save ports in the European Union or ship
them to camps in so-called safe third
countries established humanitarian
practice is that of bringing them to
Europe but there is disagreement on
burden sharing and a growing chorus of
hardliners supports outsourcing
humanitarianism to others the lifelines
refugees are now at this processing
centre in Valletta lucky to have their
asylum interviews in Europe from their
balconies they can see the freedom that
awaits them unemployment television and
dominoes in this ship breakers yard it
is safe but not a life
and some European attitudes are
hardening against freelance search and
rescuers who would help bring others
here Malta's Prime Minister a liberal
compared to some EU leaders holds this
against them the captain of the said
vessel who went against international
rules and ignored directions being given
by the Italian authorities who were
coordinating the rescue
it appears that European search and
rescue has become a political not a
humanitarian act jobs are applause al
Jazeera
the letter
