the European Union's in trouble and they
all know it the Italians are now siding
with the Hungarians and Austrians in
affront against migration the Greeks are
trying to keep up a spirit of unity with
the Spanish and the French and the
country trying to keep it all from
falling apart is Germany their
Chancellor had already spelt out the
danger to the entire block in a speech
before she arrived Europe faces many
challenges but migration could become
the make-or-break one for the EU either
we manage it so others in Africa believe
that we're guided by valleys and believe
in multilateralism not unilateralism or
nobody will believe any longer in the
system of values that has made us strong
given that there's no possible way
anymore that the bloc can find the
United position on sharing refugees
they're now having to resort to
arrangements between individual
countries prepared to help so for
example Greece which has already failed
to find accommodation for many who fled
from Turkey says it will take back more
from Germany to ease the political
pressure on Merkel from inside her own
coalition but what they're really
struggling with is finding external
countries which are prepared to act as
holding centres Albania was suggested
but it is resistance so are African
countries and as usual the question of
helping troubled nations so their people
don't have to become migrants was barely
mentioned it's worth remembering that
the founding principle of the entire
European project was and remains ever
closer Union and yet migration threatens
to break that now because many countries
either don't have the money or lack the
political will to help anymore there is
now a battle on for the heart and soul
of the European Union
this isn't a refugee crisis it's really
a crisis about the rule of law and
humanitarian standards in the part of
the world which claimed to be the most
moral does it do its people want to be
that anymore these are big questions
with no satisfactory solutions
