the last time Serio agency leo saw
genesis was a few years ago and he says
his son promised he will come home but
he never did
Genesis died while under police
detention after he was arrested for
loitering right outside his home last
week his family says he was taken in for
simply not wearing a shirt in a public
place and he paid the price with his
life car wallet release after all
possible for an innocent man a man who
has committed no crime to be picked up
and killed the way dogs are killed in
the street president of riga du Tertre
says he wants to rid the country of
street crime and has ordered the police
to launch an intensive anti loitering
campaign but critics say this is another
crackdown directed against the poor the
charity so-called war on drugs continues
with more than 22,000 people killed
since he took office two years ago we
visited one of the detention facilities
in the capital Manila the stench of
human sweat and heat is overwhelming
this cell only has a capacity of six but
it currently houses at least 80 inmates
it is so fact that there are three hour
shifts so that others can sleep while
the rest stand and the warden says this
is an improvement another cell for women
when asked almost all of them say they
have not seen a lawyer
despite being jailed for weeks rights
groups say the situation is similar
across the country and the tortoise
policy doesn't end there more than
10,000 Filipinos have already been
arrested over the last two weeks but
despite tremendous criticism president
rodrigo duterte says there will be no
let-up in his anti loitering campaign
and
even ordered the rounding up of miners
hundreds have already been brought to
police stations and this detachment
alone at least 50 children are made to
sign up as offenders every night some as
young as 5 years old there are cases of
abuse and these are perpetrated by
authorities who are supposedly
duty-bound to protect the children the
friends that we're trying to enforce is
like half naked or urinating in public
or drinking in public spec places such
as in the streets so what we want to
deliver is a atmosphere of safety but
that is not a sentiment shared by many
here rights groups say the country is
steadily becoming a police state under
the third day and the justice of courts
have now been replaced by the Justice of
guns Jamel Allen dog and al-jazeera
Manila
