hundreds of thousands of migrants have
arrived in Italy over the past four
years gaining sanctuary from violence
and poverty but prompting an
increasingly tough response from the
state others have been more welcoming
those seeking to profit from the
migrants misfortune we've been to
investigate how Italy's system of
privately run reception centres has
fallen wide open to exploitation
corruption and organized crime
more than 600,000 migrants have arrived
by boat in southern Italy over the past
four years seeking sanctuary from war
persecution and extreme poverty most of
them have been funneled straight into a
network of privately run emergency
reception centers these are funded by
Italy and the European Union and operate
into contracts issued by Prefecture the
regional offices of the Ministry of
Interior but as this investigation will
show the sheer number of arriving
migrants in recent years and the
inadequate monitoring of the way the
center's are run at left the system wide
open to exploitation corruption and
abuse it's grown into a hugely
profitable business for both ruthless
entrepreneurs and organized crime
sometimes with deadly consequences
non-competitive
access egami he later played the
partition loop a circle in anima the
recession II that is a drop of blood
upon the you it's a mob
ladonna uncouth
the deadly pasola AC Monga repo say
alguna oh you see Vogel I like tear a
manga direct dancer Boosh Mangala tombe
that TV anchor on November the 14th 2017
in the outskirts of glitch in yonder a
VESA near naples 19 your Gambian
asylum-seeker bob balaji a was shot by
the owner of a migrant reception center
way lodged Bob agreed to be interviewed
for this film but for security reasons
were concealing his face downstairs
when did I come 30 tell me scrutiny in
China 53 have broken
through the girl good to kill me
Bob had traveled from The Gambia to
Italy the in Libya where he says he was
badly tortured once in Italy and still
in great pain
bob was sent to the Christiano center by
call such privately owned facilities it
was obliged to provide medical care for
its residents but bob says is pleas for
help were ignored
according to another resident that
wasn't the only problem
the center was desperately overcrowded
that Madame Frances person so come in
say deuce Villa on a tablet of some
cattlemen person on v.i.c from video has
mercy on video calm des animaux la
casilla a transformed elocution calm the
sombre pussy he added Gustavo to reduce
habit a there's an alibi Oh abadeer Bob
in protest Bob set fire to the mattress
on his bed that's when the owner of the
center showed up and shot him
the definitive it is very difficult to
predict and to remove it so instilled it
Santa zona each shot Balaji a within
legal weapon whose local businessman
Carmen a gala gotta Derek on toad a deal
Cunha testimony Anna personas Rima mint
is uber ante-mortem on Tory Curtin taken
be near a definite Oh ill
Berlusconi digression anna karenina
delegate as interests a previously
ranged from construction to chicken
farms till he decided to house migrants
inside some of these properties
we went to delegate his mansion in
Virginia no we wanted to ask how his
previous experience of qualified and to
provide assistance to silent seekers
I know me freely adding on safari but
request frz no pop bottle arrived on my
Sunnah the center where Bob was shot has
since been closed by the authorities and
care Amina delegate ax has been forced
to step down from the business he is now
awaiting trial for attempted murder like
too many other operators of Italy's
privately-owned reception centres he'd
been found wanting
questions on jetty keifa Shiva not to
toe ultra mysterion so no soul jetty can
no capital que el momento emergency
al-adel immigration a potty report are
in saco de dinero es una chi min tahti
affair quest activity' sin severe nee le
basi a sense awareness Oprah to Tulum
Anita / patella 5 but it isn't just an
experience in greedy you've spotted a
chance to make money from migrants
across southern Italy where most of the
centers are based few business
opportunities escape the scrutiny of
more organized criminals Legrand Ephraim
entity on the systematic oriental a
continued emergence so no well again no
favorito necessary different nominee
Curitiba specular dividend Fuqua
director and no surprises amaravathi
escorial assistance as you know Nova
mafia or especially broccoli Indian
immigrant available Perla Drogo Erasmo
polizzotto
is a member of the Italian parliament
and a former member of a parliamentary
commission that looked into the
management of Italian my reception
system it's a business with over 4
billion euros per year in which every
migrant is valued at roughly 35 euros
per day for most of water later and I
think we're all Jordan the member is
compressive a message which the
assistance in the Korean immigrant
in cheap oil profit Monet avoid the
rubberized a guarantee due to the treat
CDSs in social media to linguistic
assistance of psychological process
integrity on concealing what multo
specif to Western on a bayonet part of
the problem he told us Weisner haphazard
way contracts for the privately run
emergency reception centers are handed
out by local prefectures it probably
Allah preferred to see crayon
principally bulldozer gapper mesosystem
a speculative with resultado request a
vision de que el sistema de control
respectable a dimensional the sistema de
cuenca adele tootin sufficient recent
darker on UK a more immediate surprised
or not guilty one
so commend me to musa the Akita is an
asylum seeker from the Ivory Coast who
is housed in a privately owned emergency
reception center in a small town called
Benelli tear no clinicals another
particle mafia no Susan no concerning
medical
ok entities in eco if Alec estación what
of what they give a ketogenic
the center into which Musa was placed is
managed by a company called arena center
2.0 the protest the company filed report
against the Akita
accusing him of violating internal rules
and told him he had to leave it's a gay
basher my junior from the balance it
this way to severe fatigue demanded that
was the quinoa
owaru amaru CB news on
after being ousted from the center the
yaki taste sought assistance from yes or
Pat's a group of activists based in this
former psychiatric hospital in Naples
Abdel L Mir is one of the group's
volunteers which is illegal activity and
he buttons our control over our mission
kappa
working with Musa the Akita abdel
focuses attention on the conditions
inside Laurentian test center in villa
repair no de moricorne the testimony on
delegates equivalent questo general jack
against solitaire no more than careful
to a well a proportion the center is one
of the biggest in the area housing up to
288 migrants it's buried deep in the
countryside at least an hour's walk from
the nearest bus stop abdel and the
écouter
offered to take us there to see it to
find out whether anything had changed
according to the report the centre lacks
many of the basic services that the
owners are contractually obliged to
provide
these claims are corroborated by videos
the migrants shot themselves McCready
Ranjit these and your body medicine is
she
no fabricated MSN when I couldn't even
do is a little worrisome a sensor firm
is a written assistance sanitaire s key
I'm a descent down the center yeah
permits f-ck came a lot working complete
Gila say we take him what they said on
Alicia actually money towards my timid
impunity anything
only what the case k would the Monday
reported avanthika
so Lima seeking of half a thumbprint in
strictly that's what apparently nobody
knows really AP blossom blossom safeties
or Dhoni AP lock climatic assume an
affair or even get so concerned you see
a D&D function new TC living also would
you do that reach anything coolly as we
were talking to the residents
Lorenzo Grimaldi he sent his coordinated
turned up and agreed to speak to us we
Malay labora ballerina Shenton ago bad
idea so surely a quanti anni I guess
yoku body socially lago verde a prima
cosa fácil ago very socially no
no no no loss over Kon animatable a
broken-down and amid so christobal was
to be mangy feet away
la primera cosa fácil try koala last
walk well if you attractive Ataru to me
cinta de goes through Sione a cerebellar
file called I meant a new notch and
through the collie ends prevail the
competences analysis ago Leggett servo
no philosophy mano gave us a table
in fact even that would be a pussy
Kahuna particular episode italiano
Lovato to Teague only imported medical
trolley duty rule is very important
elaborate stood idle refer to a little
internal chain but when we asked
Grimaldi
to let us inside the center to look
around he refused
on defendant Ignacio from the jump
the mercy I'll tell you what easily see
no community advocate any clinical
commerce cure on profanity gossip say SE
semo the business or masala alleges
analysis not talk is the father soon
soon learn ago we decided to raise some
of these concerns with the prefecture
and cassava which is responsible for
overseeing the reception centers so
venema Chiarella is a deputy prefect a
mentor to this misra in memory they'll
visit expect even a chain three yamuna
made adequate reaching wasted sunny la
settimana
justo Icaza crafted evangelist in new
period of brave
uno momento della della valle quantity V
equality that is with the Creator we
asked mrs. McKee Allah whether the villa
Latino Center was among the facilities
visited by her team to rock star
intercept of the do where inspect Sione
so no starter relay baton Tariq a key
critical award an au pair of Supra so
they could
Johnny Johnny Carson italic you pencil
okay
majority to tango so Alta contracciones
the numero demography while talking to
the migrants we discovered something
even more sinister about the villa
Latino Center when insane deserve it
series by Paul Thomas implemented it
will for natori secondary I know II
Nanjiani comunicados the company
providing food for the migrants in the
villa Latino reception center it's
called la factorio
srl the labels on the meal packs given
to the residents clearly bear the
company's name but we've discovered that
loseth aria srl had been penalized by
the prefecture of naples in June 2017
because of its alleged links to the
Camorra the local mafia
since then according to Italian law that
been officially banned from
participating and benefiting in any
state-funded tenders or from obtaining
public money he said I'll see what I
mean they couldn't see the RA on campus
at all there was it was sooner is
equally he here is possibly then you
feel good
are you okay pero cozy facendo
no sativa peridot so K lost at italiano
stuffy Nancy Ando la magia
we recorded this interview in early May
2008 team over a month later we've
received evidence that laugh at Aria is
still catering with a villa Latino
Center
as we investigated further
it became clear that the absence of
effective regulatory oversight makes the
migrant business a magnet for organized
crime sometimes behind the most
innocent-looking facade for an easily be
cap or a suit of a small town in a Cell
Italian region of Calabria the man
speaking his father Eduardo score do the
local parish priest while this man is
called Leonardo Sacko deputy president
of the misericordia one of Italy's
oldest the most important charity
organizations quindi Brno e da da
mangiare of Amati
vasily nugudo a enough core business to
Zepa de Stefano is a former senior
official of the misery called the
association in Senegal Alicia Rogov are
insoluble Nasri Lupo exponentially
contra de los arcos yo lo visto giovanni
voluntario you know spirited editor
Nemerov EU só
Lobo Calcagno Sacco the stevedore the
manager didn't grow so thin
great okay real experience in niala
competence a casita de la mesa recorded
isola some of the lays very unsecure
posture nicely pressed or Ebay to tank
an alt a nice elegant little credit or
italian the revenues of the misericórdia
in is ready kappa Rizzuto began to grow
exponentially in 2001 when it won the
bid to provide services to one of
Italy's largest state-owned migrant
reception centers she's a moment in with
a lacy Jane McGarry
Veronica fee Nancy area the Aquila
social sooner fantasy Casey for st. n
the Romano's dishes adult reloj moon
Cara the reception center was worth
millions of euros per year thanks to
this huge cash turnover father duardo
score deal and Leonardo Sacco were able
to embark from many ambitious projects
in and around Isola di kappa Rizzuto by
2017 the Misericordia and the parish
church owned a large number of assets
including a local football club a stake
in the nearby airport and a fabulous
seaside sanctuary dedicated to the greek
madonna levy do I hear Cooney laboratory
deported Sione illegitimate Casa de la
vaca
say we sit I got some yomijima Carter
well on your meal
we're all Lavinia all set - I'm deeply
worried by what was happening in Israel
capo Rizzuto de Stefano raised his
concerns with the Misericordia stock
management but instead of the
investigation he'd hoped for he was
demoted and his warnings were ignored
Turkey fauna shelter Damita voluntary
Otto
Larabee associate soon as a unit Evita
Mirek imported a cozy see me live
important ago Sameach estado AC all my
soul only Mataji nada but in May 2017
the stefanos dire warnings came true
that month the misericordia was hit by a
wave of arrests as part of a police
anti-mafia investigation called
Operation Johnny your theory was lead
prosecutor on the investigation a little
bit attorney in journey are aware that
or not drastically droga hearings Kumasi
clandestine in a palliative a Mary worth
a try and kill superb to like Jesse or
no each a mimosa Richard there Colleen
said he's a lot of all it's free
according to kateri Leonardo Sacco and
father Eduardo score do with a link
between the misericordia and rangita
still powerful clapping mafia let me say
record the Bhutto role of a Tebow the
charm okay Sacco CML Preeti
Esther able to roll at evil role
important role in ingest the Promotora
de la Stazione the authorities believe
that Sacco and school do were
instrumental in helping the map you get
control of the subcontract the catering
and other services meant to be provided
to the migrants in the reception center
they were maintained Hui he found
contrast or the sacred better mean the
pasty enjoy it boiling us to tourists on
Cinquecento personas agent to persona a
OBE UK and no MB mo Quattrocento to
crescendo pasty can no bingo no consumer
a teammates of the vagrant Cassetti
prosecutors say that the catering
company serving the reception centre was
diverting public money into the pockets
of a local and blanket the clam
Leonardo Sacco and father scordia were
allegedly receiving kickbacks as part of
the deal the investigation secret
surveillance video backs this up
didn't wake up shit - Pinellas Kordell
esempio Yoshida tener a chain - tanta
Milagro care no desta naughty pedal a
lock we stole eternally buried extra
communitary error alta question total
Tamila eurozone sadist or naughty / fr a
sustained no spirit - Ally Alex the
communitary
prosecutors say that the management of
my reception centres is second only to
narcotics as an important source of
income for the Mafia no mo sequester
Otto part Amenti alto de Luz a motor
scooter a barque second illegitimate if
a television and Solyndra and Guetta
every bank Asato chain - DHE million
euro milk or so the Meno Otto nove on me
despite the arrests the misericórdia
continues to manage the migrant
reception center in easy Lodi kappa
Rizzuto
we contacted its new director with Ayano
fortunately we spoke to him briefly on
the phone today
Leonardo Sacco is being held in solitary
confinement while waiting to stand trial
father duardo score deal has been put
under house arrest in a remote northern
Italian monastery and is unavailable for
comment
overall the Italian state has paid
billions of euros to inexperienced aid
workers fueling corruption around the
migrant reception business and filling
the coffers of the mob as long as
governments look the other way and avoid
responsible action in dealing with
asylum seekers ruthless speculators will
continue to profit and lawfully from
those in desperate need
you
