recruiting child soldiers in the em both
pro-government forces and the Houthis
are accused of enlisting children to
join the war and the UN condemns the
saudi-led coalition causing most child
deaths and injuries but who can hold any
of the guilty to account this is inside
story
hello and welcome to the program I'm
Peter Dhabi now it's considered to be
the biggest battle of the three-year war
in Yemen the fight for its largest port
city which is an aid lifeline for
millions the port city of who data is
under attack warplanes from the Saudi
emirati coalition of pounded areas
controlled by Houthi fighters and
pro-government troops
serve edged closer to the city for the
past two weeks the UN envoy to Yemen has
yet to find a breakthrough with the
warring sides it's feared the port
battle will stop ships docking with food
to prevent starvation in a humanitarian
catastrophe already described as the
largest in modern times thousands of
Yemenis have been killed and millions
uprooted including many children a UN
report obtained exclusively by Al
Jazeera details child victims worldwide
it found at least 1,300 children were
killed and maimed in Yemen last year the
UN also says Saudi emirati led coalition
air attacks were responsible for more
than half of the child deaths and the
injuries while Houthi militia were
responsible for killing 83 children the
rest of the casualties blamed on Yemeni
pro-government forces and al Qaeda both
the Houthis and the coalition forces are
accused of recruiting 842 child soldiers
some as young as 11 dozens were used on
the battlefield the rest guarded
checkpoints and government buildings as
well as being used to transport military
equipment okay let's get going let's
bring in our guests today here on Inside
Story joining us from London Mohammed
Jun a writer columnist and editor of the
AL codes Al Arabi newspaper and from
Doha no ha Apple dahab visiting fellow
at the Brookings Doha Center and also in
London mark K conflict and humanitarian
advocacy advisor for Save the Children
welcome to you all
Mohammad who's to blame for this well I
think according to the report obviously
both parties are to be blamed by the
casualties children and adults
unfortunately in one hand
nation in two to one-sixth resolution
gave like some sort of sort of I
wouldn't say mandate but they allow
using force by the saudi-led coalition
to restore legitimacy in in Yemen and
what happened after that is a result an
outcome of the war which is to some
extent legitimized by the resolutions of
the United Nation and especially two one
six issued by the Security Council now
we have this simulator in crisis we have
this killing among children the United
Nations envoy today Matt Hardy and I the
report said that there is some sort of
plan which in which the Houthis could
give over her data to the United Nation
to be controlled by the United Nation
but the government needs the all
militants troops and soldiers of the
whole T's to be out of the city so that
the the discussion is about this issue
and the Houthis want to the the the
money come from the or generated from
the part of her data to come to the
central bank in Salah not to the other
bank in Adam and this another issue in
this discussion between Hadi and Martin
Griffith today in hadn't okay let's take
it to know how Abu Lahab here in Doha
know how the the bigger percentage of
these child deaths comes down to air
attacks it's an air campaign are we
saying that this is just ghastly
collateral damage or are the locations
where these children are are being
targeted well I mean there have been
multiple reports already you know
stating that these are you know reckless
indiscriminate attacks on civilian areas
and I mean in terms of this report and
and the death toll affecting children as
a result of these airstrikes this this
this figure this over 500 children who
have who have died as a result is is
just
a tiny fraction of the you know vast
atrocities that Yemeni children have
suffered it's not just death by
airstrikes it's death by cholera it's
death by starvation you know other you
know other atrocities being suffered by
children the psychological trauma of
this war so while reports such as such
as this one are extremely important and
they should continue they only really
reflect a very tiny fraction of the of
the horrendous atrocity suffered by
Yemeni children and I should add that
you know the question now is okay so we
have this report what will the UN do
with this report and the many reports
that have preceded it of course obvious
questions of accountability arise but as
we all know that's it's very complicated
mark in London you've been on the ground
as part of your job when it comes to the
recruiting of child soldiers paint me a
picture what did you see what did you
hear well I mean as the reporters has
noted as Mohammed mentioned early on is
that you know all parties to this
conflict have shown pretty much a
complete lack of disregard for
international humanitarian law and and
that includes the recruitment of
children and we're seeing that as the
report states on both sides and and that
can be children remarkably young who are
who are brought in to fight or even just
to be part of supporting in terms of you
know providing help in cooking food or
portering and we think you know Soviet
we have always said is that their
children should be allowed to be
children and in this conflict has gone
on far too long and too many children
are having to grow up too fast and there
should be no place for them on the
battlefield Mohammad basically this
report names and shames individuals and
groups who propagate this what's your
reading of their provenance where they
come from not the children the people
that do the recruiting and how they're
financed well not only this reports
there are so many reports by the United
Nation and other organizations Amnesty
and Human Rights Watch mentioned the
child soldiers and it's clear that the
Houthis
I'm most at the most group in Yemen who
is using this child soldier there are
some according to the report some
children who are working with them in
the Armed Forces by the government but
mainly it's the Hokies who are using
this technique in the war it's not only
this there are so there are the Yemen
now and who data especially is like the
huge fields of landmine and this caused
everyday in a daily basis casualties
among children women civilians not only
this but also if we have some casualties
by the airstrikes we have also to blame
those people who are fighting among the
civilians in her data and who asked some
sort of using civilians as human shields
and I think this report didn't mention
anything about that I think the crisis
in Yemen and what's going on in Haditha
especially is more than what this report
mentioned and I don't know what are the
techniques they people on the ground
would use to write this report but I
think there are so many lack of more
important efforts to be done on the
ground to record and to mention and to
register all the casualties or at least
as much as we can of the cache as many
as we can offer the casualties on the
ground so that we have a clear idea of
who is blamed and who is targeting
children and civilians in this case no
ha if we turn around that idea of who
has been blamed or perhaps who should be
blamed going forward the last report
that was not dissimilar to this report
that we're talking about at the moment
the Saudis tried to add a caveat and the
caveat basically boiled down to we're
doing our best to reduce this as an
issue within the fog of war has there
been any reduction as a direct result of
what ray ad Riyadh put out there well it
doesn't it doesn't appear so I think
that you know there there the the
question of
who is most responsible for for the most
deaths and you know other atrocities in
Yemen is is is no longer you know
unclear there are as we as we you know
as we've just stated there are multiple
reports whether there from the UN
whether there from you know
international NGOs very sort of clearly
outlining the extent of the atrocities
and the parties responsible I believe
that there were more than two-thirds of
the airstrikes in the last 3 + 3 + 3 and
3 plus years of this war have hit
civilian targets and this is obviously
by the saudi-led coalition of course the
Houthis are also responsible for for war
crimes and other atrocities in Yemen but
I think it's already been made quite
clear that the Saudi and Emirati led
Coalition in Yemen has is is responsible
for the majority of of the crimes
committed in this war
mark silly question perhaps on my part
but if your child is being recruited as
a child soldier why can your parents not
do anything to stop it
I think it's a really interesting
question I just actually would like to
quickly go back and just state that this
this report that has been leaked is very
much just for 2017 it's an annual report
and that's why it isn't really going
into what's going on in a data right now
and I think there is an important point
though that both the habit and now I've
mentioned is that what we can see is
reflected in that report with atrocities
with violations being committed by both
sides that does have an impact on what
we might see be going going forward now
in her data where we are worried that
you know UA back forces and with a large
offensive on Iran an urban environment
that there will be a similar disregard
for you know international humanitarian
law for the protection of civilians and
and then what what is really
encapsulating this report with with huge
amounts of civilians who losing our
lives because of airstrikes that we
might see that happen again and in fact
we saw airstrikes just yesterday hitting
IDPs those who are trying to flee the
city and who were who were killed trying
to be trying to escape and then to come
in on your question about about children
who are being recruited I mean is it's a
very difficult situation and you might
find yourself and you have to remember
that there's been a complete collapse
the economy in Yemen this this Wars gone
on for for over three years public
servants haven't been paid their
salaries since the central bank was
moved down to the south of the country
and what that means is you've seen
almost like a break up of society in
lots of these places and that means that
people start having negative coping
mechanisms and that can include children
who are forced into labor and that
includes the very worst egregious type
of forced labor which is recruitment
into armed groups no how are these young
people in effect held hostage as well as
being forced to work as child soldiers
um if I could just sorry add to some of
the points just just made what these
reports don't mention is the the
involvement and the responsibility of
other actors and in particular the u.s.
and the UK Australia and other Western
governments in supporting that the
Commission the perpetration of these
crimes now for example you know you have
individuals such as the former American
military General Stephen to Majin who's
a commander in the Emirati military now
there's been some discussion within the
US government about you know activating
the US war crimes act in order to target
such individuals for for the for war
crimes prosecution similar case with
Mike hindmarsh from from Australia who
is a US sorry Australia who's a
commander in the Emirati military as
well so there are some and of course in
addition to the pressures within the UK
and the US and France and other
countries to halt the arms sales to to
the Coalition in Yemen given the the
extent and the scale of the atrocities
committed there so there are some very
interesting legal avenues that are being
explored by certain certain actors to to
try and obtain some kind of
accountability in this war Muhammad does
does that contributory problem chimed
with you in as much as just to pick up
on that point that know-how was making
there and stuck at it from a different
angle the United States we reported a
hero on it on it here on Inside Story
the United States has pulled out at the
United Nations Council for human rights
on top of which you've got the UK
defense secretary saying we're on the
side of peace in Yemen and yet the UK
has a multi-billion dollar contract for
arms that go to Saudi Arabia it's the
problem sometimes we could or not we
they could look at the war as sort of
business in one hand they call for and
in the war and so in the war the
conflict but in the other hand they want
to sell weapons and this sort of
conflict in interests caused this
problem in Yemen I think what's
happening in Yemen should be look looked
at at as forum there is a war and this
war is comes as an outcome of the
Houthis came to sana this is clear and
there are so there are many resolutions
by the United Nation in this case
arguing I mean urging the hotus to go
out of Sanaa and different cities and to
give over their weapons and to withdraw
from the cities until now the hope is
refused to do this the what is in the
hands of the government and the
saudi-led coalition as a strong like
argument is that when the Houthis
fulfill and implement the resolutions of
the United Nation then this will stop
the Houthi is saying that they won't
give up their weapons while the war is
continuing so this sort of who is first
that chicken or the egg is a going on in
Yemen in this situation but going back
to a child soldier I just want to
mention something which is when the
hokies came to son arm
capital of Yemen they dry up all source
of income for the Yemenis and the
civilians except one way one source
which is to go to the to the battle to
go on fight this is the only way in
Yemen which you can in which you can
have money and not only the Houthis even
some other groups within the country if
you want money then you have to go and
fight with us but the problem is the
Houthis as all are supporting the
argument by using religion as this is
their holy warm jihad against the
occupiers again is the al-qaeda and -
and again it's different cattle groups
as they mentioned and as I say to the
children they recruit and unfortunately
they targeted the teenagers when they
know that the teenagers are very keen to
go on fight they have this energy that
had this passion to go on fire and so
they use the lack of money they use the
human enthusiasm among children amongst
teenagers to push them to go on fire
so they in all all know the situation in
Yemen is very complicated and I think we
cannot just pick it up and choose in one
party - held responsible for this
I think the groups in Yemen the parties
different parties must go to a
negotiating table where they can discuss
everything ok what you want to say on
that particular issue we will come back
to you of course know how let's just go
back to the UN for a second run me
through how well-insulated is Saudi
Arabia at the United Nations here it
seems to work very hard on its bilateral
relationships there and it's asked for I
mean the last list but one the naming
and shaming list it was disappointed
because it really really tried to not be
on that list yeah I mean it's it's
nothing more than a reputational issue
really for the Saudis but but I think
that you know on this on this question
of UN Security Council resolutions that
were passed years ago now they're
outdated they are almost irrelevant to
to the current situation on the ground
in Yemen
I mean you know calling for on the
Houthis to surrender their arms sure
that maybe that made a would have made
sense maybe that did make sense in 2015
but it doesn't it you know on its own it
doesn't really make sense right now and
there are a couple of former American
ambassadors to the to Yemen who have
called for a dues UN Security Council
resolutions to better address the
current situation on the ground so these
these resolutions are almost irrelevant
right now mark as you pointed out to as
this report this leaked document
actually talks about 2017 what if 2018
is worse when it comes to recruiting
child soldiers when it comes to the
deaths of children in hospitals in their
what used to be their schools I guess as
well what if what we're talking about
today is just the tip of the iceberg
well I mean if you spoke to me last year
when we were discussing the release of
the 2016 report I think we pretty much
had the same question and I'm well
answer was that what what what things
look like they're going towards is that
will at the very best maybe have a
report next year that's about the same
but unfortunately you know with what's
going on in her data right now where
we're seeing quite heavy airstrikes in
the south of the city and where we're
seeing an escalation of fighting
unfortunately the whirring sign is that
children will continue to bear the brunt
of this crisis and you know know how I
made a really good point earlier on that
it's you know they're a reverberating
impacts of the way that you fight these
wars it's not just about maybe a child
who's hit by a bomb but it's what with
that bomb hits a water sanitation plant
in a country that has already got
cholera what if that bomb hits a
hospital which means prevent someone
who's sick to be able to get the
treatment they need and we're seeing
reverberating impacts across the country
and it means children are really facing
a triple threat one of bombs themselves
one of hunger you know there's the
countries basically on the brink of
famine and then the other one is from
diseases and I'm definitely worried that
next year things things might get worse
what we really have to hope to and
muhammad's alluded it lidded to it is
that you know you've got the new special
Martin Griffis who at the moment is
shuttling between countries trying his
best to do his diplomatic work there's
talks of third-party management of a
port and whether that could lead to
negotiate it's a solution to this crisis
may be the first step in an actual peace
process but for that to happen all
parties actually have to engage in good
faith and we haven't seen that today and
I don't know why that is I don't know
why children have to keep on dying
without there really being enough
international pressure to make people
check make a change know how here in
Doha with us if this report is a wake-up
call who's listening to the wake-up call
I mean nobody is winning this conflict
it is getting denser it is getting more
destructive it's getting more complex it
feels sometimes by the month yeah I mean
you're absolutely right unfortunately um
there there's a reason why it's called
the Forgotten War right
apparently Yemeni lives don't really
matter for for for for the majority of
you know the international community I
think the UN and it's in particular its
humanitarian agencies and other
humanitarian organizations such as Save
the Children and so on have been doing
it fantastic incredibly you know a
courageous job trying to do the best
they can in the current situation I
think that so as I said earlier the UN
needs to change its approach it needs to
really kind of step up its game and
better reflect the multiple actors
including the Western actors that are
involved in this war if the issue really
was the you know if the issue really was
Houthis having weapons then I think that
you know this this war would have ended
very soon after it started I mean if you
compare you know the military capacity
of the coalition it's got the best
weapons in the world billions of dollars
worth of weapons it's receiving them you
know what is supposed to be the best
military intelligence from the US and
the UK and other countries clearly
that's you know hasn't been working out
very well because they keep targeting
civilian areas so I mean this the this
this issue of Houthis and their weapons
is not is not entirely convincing
who has the most leverage to push the
actors towards a resolution here because
it occurs to me that if you got
humanitarian in through who date her
data you might find fewer child soldiers
you might find fewer hospitals being
bombed let me just think that say that
no one asked the Hokies to give their
own weapons but the United Nations
resolutions are clearly for the Hoth is
to give the armies there are many armies
weapons the heavy weapon they took from
the stores of the Yemeni army would and
this is one issue the other issue when
we discussed this humanitarian crisis in
Yemen and child soldier and child
killing and casualties in Yemen we
shouldn't forget that there is a
legitimate president would they were
like it or not and there is a coon this
is the situation so the situation is a
war between a legitimate recognized and
internationally government and a coup no
one recognized them this is one of the
crisis those people on the ground the
Hoth is are having the cities are having
the most the most I mean the the
majority of the Yemenis in their area
and they are suffering and sometimes
they use them as human shields we have
to admit that of course there are some
so many mistakes and so many casualties
by the eye strikes but when we discuss
this issue we have to look at the issues
from on both sides for the solution the
peaceful solution the United Nations
resolutions are clear that the Houthis
will be participating
joining a government and like a unity
government in Yemen when they fulfill
and implement the United Nations
resolutions which is to give a weapon
not their own weapons way but the Yemeni
Army's weapons they have your weapons
and when they withdraw from the capital
this is reasonable no one asked them to
do something not reasonable to really
apologize but we are absolutely out of
time thank you to all our guest Mohammed
Jame no ha Babel dahab and Mark Keon
thank you to you too for your company
you can see the show again any
I'm on the website aljazeera.com do go
to the Facebook page that's
facebook.com/ /aj inside story also
tweet us will tweet you back that's at
AJ inside story and I'm handsome and
it'll be one for me too Dhabi and the
team here in Doha thanks for watching
we'll do it again tomorrow
