the World Health Organization has listed
addiction to electronic and video games
as a mental health disorder the
controversial decision has left the
gaming industry at odds with scientists
Paul Chatterjee an reports in this
virtual universe made up of zeros and
ones dense purple storm clouds shroud
the planet ninety-eight percent of the
world's population has disappeared and
zombies rise to attack remaining humans
so much fun that the mass online
phenomena called fortnight is consuming
hundreds of millions of players around
the world while the goal of the game is
to battle for the survival of humanity
some people's fragile psyche may not
survive these all-consuming digital
games we have been reviewing the
evidence for the gaming behavior as a
disorder for last several years the
World Health Organization's decision to
label addiction to digital and video
games as a mental health disorder puts
it at odds with gaming industry
organisations its reference guide of
recognized and diagnoseable diseases
describes the addiction as a pattern of
persistent or recurrent gaming behavior
that becomes so extensive it takes
precedence over other life interests the
person whose is control over the gaming
and it knows other essential activities
like sleep like eating like taking part
in education or work and and and that
harms the person and in spite of the
harm the person continues with gaming
parents have been concerned about the
endless hours their children have spent
in front of their consoles since the
advent of Atari and pong now they have
science as their weapon to limit the
time their children spend gaming the
w-h-o says only a small number of people
who play digital and video games would
develop a mental health disorder
but early warning signs can help prevent
it and while the makers of fortnight are
expected to earn more than four billion
dollars this year
addiction to gaming is creating niche
gaming addiction treatment programs
which may even be more lucrative for
insurance companies and healthcare
providers now that gaming addiction is
considered a mental health disorder why
this smartphone social media and
computer games keep us hooked well
they're designed to the tech industry
uses human psychology and calls it
behavior design or persuasive tech
companies don't conceal this Apple
readily admits its products are
addictive it's even designing an app to
help you use your phone less the average
person checks their phone a hundred and
fifty times a day psychologists though
are beginning to describe the deliberate
engineering of addiction as an unethical
practice and some within the tech
industry want higher standards too but
in the mean time for a tech company in
the attention economy the more time a
user spends online equals more money
from ad revenue that revenue hit a
record eighty eight billion dollars in
2017 joining me now from London is dr.
Jamie Woodcock jamie is a researcher at
the Oxford internet Institute good to
have you with us so first of all how is
human psychology used in digital design
well I think what we've seen is many
attempts to introduce ways as you as you
mentioned to capture people's attention
and I think it's no surprise really that
these kind of psychological aspects are
being included but I think one of the
ones we have to point to as being
particularly problematic is the use of
gambling or gambling like aspects in in
video games for example to get users not
only hooked but also it can cost them a
lot of money - give us some examples of
how popular apps and social media
platforms use psychology than other than
the gambling games you've referred to I
mean I think many of these are around
feedback loops that are introduced into
into these platforms these build on
well-known effect
about you know dopamine loops and so on
that you you know you get a rush with a
particular kind of interaction and I
think many you know many software
platforms but many games as well try to
mobilize this to keep users on the
platform and ultimately this becomes not
so that you share information or you
communicate or you get time to play but
to keep people hooked on a platform to
make money from it well you're in a
university are our students people being
taught how to use human psychology and
some of these techniques that you're
talking about so I'm I'm a sociologist
by training so I think one of the things
that we try to teach students is a
critical approach to these kinds of
forms of media the perhaps we can look
beyond these kind of psychological
aspects well I I'm trying to blame you
personally but I mean in generally in
institutions educational institutions
and universities is that where it starts
that people are taught these techniques
I mean I think so and I think you know
one of the aspects here that we really
need to talk about is gamification and
this is where like you know
psychological understandings of these
feedback loops are being introduced into
more and more aspects of our lives so
it's no longer just on social media or
just when you're playing video games
being a DS are used at work or they use
to keep you exercising and I think we
need to ask questions about you know is
it right that these things are used to
to convince us to do things is it
ethical so I think this is a this is the
big question right now isn't it how
ethical is it and I think you know in a
way many of these kinds of platforms and
kinds of games can be incredibly
persuasive but in a sense for a company
making these products of course they're
going to do this you know it's been a
long history of trying to make buying
products from a company persuasive I
think what we have to do is have
conversations about you know how
manipulative these things can be and
particularly when it involves money I
think part of this you know as an
academic is teaching people to think
critically about the way they use these
kind of platforms well other than
teaching people how to think critically
I mean now that the w-h-o is talking
about mental health issues
should there be regulation so I mean I
think there you know there already is
regulation of various kinds in it
particularly well does they need to be
video games and perhaps an ad I mean are
you're different in many ways yeah I
think in many ways this is kind of it's
a new story but it's also an old story
so when we have you know new forms of
media that are being used by children
that perhaps their parents don't
understand or didn't use themselves
we often get these kind of moral panics
you know today it's fortnight you know
in previous years it was you know
staying up watching TV all night or you
know watching online videos or or
reading books with you know trashy
content or whatever it is and I think
one of the biggest biggest things we
could do to move this debate forward is
you know rethink the relationship that
technology plays between between
families so if parents are worried about
fortnight perhaps they should you know
play it with their children to get an
experience of it because it's not that
the media itself is inherently
problematic it's that they're are
problematic uses of it so this should be
a sort of family level regulation you
don't see a role for the industry itself
I don't know psychologists getting
involved in in sort of the programming
design stage and that sort of thing I
mean I think there's one aspect that
does need regulation and that's the use
of gambling in video games so the use of
loot boxes or other techniques that are
involving gambling being targeted at
people who are underage who might not
understand the risks of gambling but
that's something where you know we have
the regulation for this it's just a
matter of the regulation being applied
properly alright we're talking about
some of these terms like loot boxes and
feedback loops I mean what sort of
negative side effects are they producing
in human behavior let's explain them and
demystify some of these terms a little
bit so I think you know with with
feedback loops this is something that's
not necessarily a problem this is
something where somebody gain some kind
of enjoyment and they're able to go
through that process so it's you know
it's going on Twitter and finding that
you'll your tweet has been liked and
we tweeted a whole number of times or
it's you know winning in a in a video
game so these things are not that's not
necessarily problematic but I think when
these things are tied into gambling
aspects so a loop box is essentially a
reward in a video game where the
contents of it is randomized and so
people don't know what they're going to
get when they they open it up and often
this can become problematic because we
book and then buy additional attempts to
win what they want and that is a way of
mobilizing that feeling of you know
winning something of some positive
feedback and tying it into you know
small purchases or keeping people on the
game which is do it what is it doing to
people is it simply that it's keeping
people glued to their phones or is it
doing something deeper to human
psychology so I think you know there are
arguments that you know the use of these
new kinds of media are changing the way
we think or attention span or so on but
you know in a way technology has always
had these kinds of effects it changes
how we think and it changes what we do
and what I worry about is you know that
we think that the entire media forum is
a problem you know it's true there are
cases where people are becoming addicted
to these these games and so on but the
vast majority of the use is not like
that so I think we have to be careful in
in kind of you know over kind of
generalizing the use of these forms of
media and I finally won about you know
the shift towards artificial
intelligence is something that you know
we're all talking about and I'm
wondering whether technology will be
even more able to manipulate human
psychology in the future because of
artificial intelligence for a profit of
course so so I think this is a really
interesting question you know present
you know artificial intelligence has
been used in a whole number of new
domains you know looking over legal
documents in in medical uses and so on
psychology remains quite a difficult
thing to to program because people are
contradictory and you know have
conflicting emotions and all these
manner of things I think really the
question we need to be asking
is if it's likely that a I could be used
to manipulate people why are we not
having a larger conversation about what
AI could be used for that could benefit
people because I think it's kind of
dystopian future where AI is used to
trick us and convince us to spend more
money and so on when we could be using
technology for for much better things
all right interesting thanks so much for
your thoughts on that
