roadblocks all around when Osiris this
is how Argentina's capital look on
Monday after the country's largest
workers confederation called for a
general strike against the government of
Elysium agree left-wing groups blocked
major roads leading to the capital
protesting against what they say is a
government that rules for the rich there
is a social crisis in a political crisis
there is discontent is the beginning of
the pact between the IMF and the
government that brings about austerity
measures the economic situation is worse
and that's why we will be on the streets
since taking office macri's government
has been unable to control the
double-digit inflation rate that has
tormented Argentines for years
the recent peso devaluation caused by a
strengthening US dollar forced the
government to request an urgency
emergency 50 billion loan from the IMF
prices have continued to go up since
then and that's why on Monday Argentina
was paralyzed by a strike by workers
demanding a rise in wages trains buses
subways and flights were all suspended
on Monday because of the strike of this
place is constitution is the largest
transport hub in when ascites and as you
can see it's completely paralyzed a sign
of the strength that labor unions have
in Argentina
prevent Larry he arrived from northern
Argentina and was not sure how to make
it home we knew this was happening but I
thought there would be something there
is nothing I understand the need to go
on strike but we are all affected by
what's happening the IMF long brings
back memories of the 2001 economic
crisis when Argentina defaulted on its
sovereign debt gabriele row in Spain was
part of the negotiating team at the time
and says that the situation is different
now the government responded fast they
sought help from the IMF because they
knew nobody else would loan them the
money the crisis would have been worst
if they hadn't
and that's why many on the streets are
not as optimistic and fear that another
economic crisis may be closer but the
government would like to admit Teresa
Waugh al Jazeera bono Cyrus
