this is international warfare against
our country the u.s. is still in
covering different parts of the alleged
Russian disinformation campaign from
late 2016 they posted online and the
world is watching there is no national
security interest more vital to the
United States for America than the
ability to hold free and fair elections
without foreign interference with an
elephant in the room does the United
States do the same thing to influence
other countries yes
the year is 1953 this is the
democratically elected prime minister of
Iran dr. Mohammad Mossadegh he wanted to
use Iranian resources for the benefit of
the Iranian people which the British
didn't approve of trouble abroad when
Persia decided to nationalize her rich
oil fields developed by 40 years of
British enterprise and the British oil
men left pressure they'd be back
the Brits tried convincing the u.s. to
overthrow Mosaddegh several times but
the US had good relations with the prime
minister and wanted the two to reach an
agreement but with time passing and no
solution reached the u.s. started to
worry that the Soviets would take
advantage so operation Ajax the CIA
spread anti-masonic propaganda through
handbills and the press and bought
allies in the military clergy and
Parliament they paid off mobs to protest
in the streets and found a willing
general to mobilize the army Mossad egg
was removed in a coup and the
pro-western monarch Shar Reza Pahlavi
was reinstated but the US doesn't only
get involved after elections its 1964
and presidential elections are
approaching it's a three-way race
between Christian Democrats Eduardo Frei
Montalvo socialist candidate Salvador
Allende and a third less popular
candidate Julio Duran the US was
concerned if I and a-one there would be
a democratically elected socialist
government in South America so they
started planning an election operation
two years in advance
there man Eduardo free the State
Department in CIA launched a mass
propaganda effort painting free as a
wise sincere high-minded statesman a
young day on the other hand was
presented as a calculating schemer who
joined with communists months ago they
even helped out a third candidate just
enough to keep his party together to
prevent his Rhodes from going to a nd
not too different to Russian linked fake
Facebook pages and speaking of Russia
meet Boris Yeltsin the first president
of the Russian Federation you might
remember him from this and in 1996 he
was running for re-election but his
approval ratings were below 6% that's
because his economic reforms in
post-soviet Russia left millions of
Russians hungry and out of work he also
tried to dissolve Parliament was almost
impeached reinstated himself through the
military and launched a war in Chechnya
that killed tens of thousands of people
looked like a communist party candidate
was going to win but Yeltsin the face of
Russian democracy had American support
President Clinton pushed for an IMF loan
to Russia before the election an
outwardly supported Yeltsin I want the
Russian people to know how much the
American people support Russia's
commitment to democracy and to reform
that's not all three American
strategists some with links to the
Clinton administration went to Russia to
work on yeltsin's reelection they even
made a movie about it
total Russians how to play dirty tell me
you did not just guarantee away this
morning I spoke with President Yeltsin
to congratulate him on his victory and
on the victory of the Russian people so
the US and Russia have both meddled in
other countries elections as well as
each others and they still do
but US intelligence officials say
Russian interference and American
interference aren't morally equivalent
the former chief of the CIA's Russia
operation says comparing the two is like
saying cops and bad guys are the same
because they both have guns the
motivation matters while sure but who
gets to decide who the good guys and the
bad guys are
