the Arab world stays silent a Saudi
journalist possibly murdered in a Saudi
consulate but no official reaction from
any Arab government no condemnation from
the Arab media what's behind the silence
this is inside story
hello and welcome to the program I'm
Imran Khan intelligence leaks to the
media about missing Saudi journalists
Jamal Khashoggi a pair on almost a daily
basis now reports are emerging about
evidence proving he was killed inside
the Saudi consulate in Istanbul and that
his Smart Watch could potentially help
solve the mystery
the Turkish newspaper subber quoting
security sources says the journalist may
have even recorded his own death the
audio of the moments when it's reported
keshavjee was interrogated tortured and
killed were apparently recorded by the
Smart Watch he was wearing and sent to
both his phone and iCloud his phones
were with his fiance who was waiting
outside the consulate on the day he went
missing
the second of October reports say Saudi
Arabia has sent a hit squad of 15 men to
Turkey the Saudi Interior Minister says
allegations there were orders to kill
keshavjee
are baseless lies meanwhile US President
Donald Trump has vowed a Saudi Arabia
will face severe punishment if it's
responsible for the journalists
disappearance there's been worldwide
outrage over Cassiopeia's case the
international community's demanding
answers and pressures growing on Saudi
Arabia but the reaction from the Arab
world's politicians has been almost
complete silence the Arab Parliament
Human Rights Committee met at the Arab
League headquarters in Cairo last week
the disappearance of khashoggi wasn't
even discussed and the Federation of
Arab Journalists issued only a general
statement calling for an investigation
let's bring in the panel here in the
studio mohammed al nasri chairman of the
journalism program at the doha institute
for graduate studies in london saeed al
sha hobby columnist our alkyds and
leader of the bahrain freedom movement
and from amman dodd kitab board member
of the international press institute
welcome to you all let me start with you
Maui al Masri first why the silence I
think there are two primary reasons
first of all we have to keep in mind
that the Arab media environment isn't
like the American or the British media
environment Arab journalists operate in
a sensorial culture there isn't much
freedom there's a lack of journalistic
professionalism so these are problems
that plagued the Arab region now
specifically in terms of this case you
have two kinds of Arab journalists
there's the kind of Arab journalists
that is fundamentally scared because
there's this this environment of fear
and then there's the Arab journalists
unfortunately who is probably not
terribly sympathetic unfortunately -
jamele hachioji because they see him as
representing the the Muslim Brotherhood
or turkey or or Qatar so if you look at
the Egyptian media which I've been
following loosely for the last few days
they've been there they're not exactly
Pro you know freedom of the press
they're not projym a delta G and they've
launched into a you know an array of
sort of conspiracy theories about about
what may have happened so that's kind of
the the the surrounding context here
self censorial I mean that's something
that the journalist you know have
probably quite rightly taking into
consideration when I bring in our guest
Seidel Shaha be in London here there is
this thing about the Arab journalists
being self censoring themselves but why
are the Arab governments remaining so
silent thank you very much it is clear
of course the Saudis have been taking
the lead in the diplomacy of the Arab
world for the past thirty years in fact
they have been trying to replace Gamal
Abdel Nasser who died in 1970 as the
leader of the Arab world
and of course in the last few years they
have invested heavily in recruiting the
Arab governments to his cause I think
also that after the Arab Spring in 2011
they have enforced their presence on the
Arab political scene and they have
invaded Yemen for example for the past
four years almost four years now and
nobody is saying anything even stop the
war so we are also aware that in the
last since the beginning of interest
since sorry since 2014 they have killed
640 people executed them and nobody is
saying a word because the Arab world has
been muted with a journalist or
politician or politicians many of those
countries are depending on the give away
or give out from the Saudi
Treasury of course the Saudis themselves
are now finding it difficult to continue
financing their projects but one thing
is clear that I remember in 2009 1991
when they when they invited the foreign
troops to attack Iraq there were a lot
of demonstrations and protests in the
Arab world especially in North Africa
now everybody has been imported
everybody has been neutralized but still
I can still see that the investment of
the Saudis in the West has not really
helped them very much this time because
the whole West is in turmoil against
what the Saudis are said to have
committed in Turkey by killing this
journalist Jamal Haji so I mean let me
bring in let me bring in now just always
just to answer those just answer those
claims out because of you're in Amman
right now it used to be that the
traditional capitals of the Arab world
were Cairo Damascus Baghdad those places
have their own problems now they've been
replaced in effect by Riyadh and Riyadh
just simply Riyadh have too much power
well there is no doubt about it that the
Arab press is owned a lot by too may
your financial sources one of them
obviously is riad but also the other is
where you're based in Doha and so a lot
of people have to make decisions which
side of the Katori a saudi conference
they're in for their own financial
situation the actual absence of real
independently owned media is almost
extinct here we've had a few cartoonists
who wrote and made the drones of Jamel
asking where Jamal is we had a
cartoonist in Jordan who had they showed
the MBS abaya as making the democracy
disappear I've written a few things
about independent journalism but it has
been as you said if a few and far in
between and the main reason as we said
and your guests have said is because the
Saudis have basically controlled
indirectly or directly most of the media
and many of the governments so mohammad
al Masri we seem to be developing a
narrative here that suggests that it's
not just the Arab governments that
aren't responding to this it's because
they control mostly the Arab media
there's no independent media which is
why the independent media aren't
responding till they say though would
you agree with that I don't think
there's any question I mean that the
academic literature for instance is
pretty pretty consistent on that on that
point I think we also have to remember
the the larger political context here
would come referring to the Arab Spring
so the Arab Spring comes along in 2011
and people think that this is going to
be a watershed moment something positive
that this is going to usher in all kinds
of Democratic Change independent and
free media voices and so on and so forth
but what the Arab governments like the
Saudi government and the Egyptian
military learned is that they hadn't
they had not been harsh enough they had
not been repressive enough so they've
launched a very intense
counter-revolution they've been more
repressive than anything that we had
seen prior to 2011 and so now you see
this it's kind of the this Arab Spring
effect or the counter-revolutionary
effect where journalists are as the
guests the other guests have said are
almost completely muted either because
they're on board with these these
autocratic agendas or because they're
terrified so we can't divorce the
government responds with the media
response they're tied in with each other
side elsa hobby
one of the favorite words of President
the US President Donald Trump which
seems to be being repeated in the Arab
world as well is fake news I took a look
at Twitter accounts both in English and
Arabic coming from Saudi Arabia the big
driving force was everything that's
being reported so far is fake news if
there's no independent media if there's
very little independent media and we're
relying on social media now what impact
is that had on the narrative in the Arab
world about Jamal Ashok geez case well
the fact media has been there for some
time especially after 2011 but at the
same time the people are being muted
because of the difficult economic
situation but even as you mentioned
about the social media the social media
has become in the last two years at
least or three years especially in the
in the in the Gulf in Bahrain in Saudi
Arabia these two countries and in the
United Arab Emirates that these three
countries have made it so difficult to
say anything to Twitter to tweet
anything against for example the war in
Yemen if you in Bahrain Nabil Rajab has
been there for the past two three years
and he has been sentenced to five years
because he tweeted against the war in
there against the saudi-led aggression
on Yemen so you cannot say anything if
you criticize the government policy in
Riyadh in Riyadh even in Bahrain if you
criticize the government in Riyadh or in
United Arab Emirates of course you can
Chris as much as you like Qatar but not
any other country if you do that then
you are sentence immediately automatic
sentence custodial sentence of three
years now the number of Twitter's the
people who use Twitter's in both in the
three countries have dropped in the last
three years because of these harsh
sentences against anyone who tries to to
speak outside the official sphere so the
social media now is only giving either
meaningless useless per F
any news or faking news this is what the
Saudi media has done in the last week or
so they have said nothing
they have just clinched to the official
question about ha Jeffery but then they
started their counter-attack on the
international media on the West and that
there is a conspiracy against Saudi
Arabia not touching upon the issue
itself the issue of cross surgery where
is he what happened to him they never
mention they don't talk about it inside
the Saudi and this room in the Saudi
media in fact some of them have have
said some ridiculous claims Qatar has
killed him Iran has killed him so it is
so so pathetic that sometimes you really
feel so much done and upset that our
situation in the Arab world has come
solo in public opinion in terms of
public opinion in terms of awareness in
terms of how much the Saudis antenna and
the Emiratis the Bahrainis are trying to
to mute everybody who calls for for for
reform look yesterday seven people were
killed in by Israelis in their peaceful
protest what who cares
who talks about it well certainly I
think that certainly I think that has
been reported on our channel let me just
bring in died cuts up here you talk
about an independent media you talk
about the need for an independent media
but social media can't be controlled and
it's now becoming a space for conspiracy
theory for fake news and simply just to
argue a viewpoint and narrative where
does the Arab world go this has been a
problem in the West for a very long time
but where does he how does the Arab
world deal with this well we have to
remember her American joke she was
writing in Washington Post so it's a
it's a kind of example to you were
people have found the refuge in exile in
an American European media or an Arab
media based in Europe and America and
social media obviously in using fake
using pseudo names or other things but I
want to point something else which I
think has been missing
the President of the US has been a harsh
critic of American media and he has been
also speaking about the media being the
enemy of the people and I think this is
something that has not been given enough
attention and I think it is given or
emboldened different autocratic regimes
around their world to dismiss any kind
of immunity to journalists and feel like
they can do whatever they want to with
impunity because they know that the
American president thinks that their
that any of the people so why can't we
consider them also the enemies of the
people so I think you have a really big
problem in this value structure we don't
have a reference point today to say the
US and the First Amendment is really the
beacon of freedom because look at what
the president is saying we have to look
at to Europe for for guidance where do
we look for guidance as to where what is
our model for independent media the
media has become expensive the media has
become so difficult to own independently
and yes social media isn't expensive
online media isn't expensive but people
are being harassed for what they write
and post on social media and online
media there is a cybercrime laws every
country in our country in the UAE you
have a Jordanian who says spending three
years in jail because he wrote something
against the UAE government on social
media so there is a fight for the minds
and hearts of people and media
unfortunately both the traditional that
online and social media is the
battleground where we're trying to fight
for the right for to speak truth to
power and truth to power means that you
really have to have independent own
media and journalists who have
independence in what they write and the
problem is many journalists have to toe
the line of however their editor or
publisher is because they want to live
and the publishers tend to be either
governments or pro-government media or
media owned by commercial companies that
are in bed with governments and so there
isn't a lot of outlets that you can
really say this is an independent outlet
as you said social media is one area but
that you know it's a very kind of
diverse and and and divided kind of
outlet let me bring in Mohammed Omar
here this is this is quite interesting
because you're teaching the next
generation of students
journalism you you need to speak truth
to power that's the only way power will
respond we've seen the lack of response
from the Arab governments over this
issue if there was a free media we may
have seen a much stronger response to
the Jamal keshavjee case what do you
tell your students that's complicated
that's a lot that's a long story I mean
one thing that I tell them is to is to
be safe first of all I mean you have to
understand your limits unfortunately so
if you're reporting on the ground today
from Cairo for instance the
unfortunately unfortunate reality is
that you you know you kind of have to be
careful so there's almost you know two
sets of lessons here are you in London
or Washington or are you in Cairo or
Riyadh that's just an unfortunate
reality we have to take that into
account when we're teaching our students
I do want to piggyback off something
that the other guests have said I think
it's important to note that the Saudis
could have targeted any number of people
there are a lot of people who are
critical of Saudi policy either in Yemen
or visa vie the blockade against Qatar
their position on the Arab Spring but
they chose to to target a journalist and
not only a journalist but somebody who
was living in exile and I think the
message here is very clear that they do
not tolerate any sort of dissent from
their their own regardless of where they
are and we have to remember that there
are quite literally thousands of people
living in exile not just Saudis I'm
talking here more broadly about this
axis this Saudi Egyptian emirati axis
there are there are thousands of people
living in exile in London in Washington
all throughout the United States Canada
in Turkey and the message here is that
you have to watch your back you have to
be very careful about the things that
just an incredibly interesting point
because everything that's been talked
about when it came to Jamal Ashok geez
safety and when it came to how he was
operating it's all come from the West
journalists safety has been incredibly
important we are seeing an increasing
amount of journalists being killed being
attacked practically when it comes to
speaking out against some elements of
the Russian state for example in the
West and now we're seeing this happening
in the Arab world as well I just wanna
bring in Doug who's herb from
man over here if we're all running
scared if the dissidents are running
scared if the activists are running
scared if the journalists are all
running scared living in the West what
hope does that have for any critical
voices well I think there is hope I
don't think we should you know look at
the glass half-empty there is serious
efforts by social media civil society
and social media and online media is
providing some refuge we have also newly
developed media outlets there are
certainly definitely independent
community-based media outlets maybe
they're not as powerful like major TV
stations but there are voices that are
being said people are listening and this
voice is being heard now the problem is
with the big big media outlets you
really cannot do it on a very on a
shoestring budget you really need huge
budgets to keep a television station
running or satellite station but there
is now enough outlets I think for people
to express themselves what we really
need is independent journalists we need
people who can speak through the power
no have the minimum of economic support
and I think that's where we have to work
a lot more on is find ways to support
independent journalists who are speaking
truth to power and provide them with the
sustenance because sometimes people have
to toe the line not because they believe
in what they're writing but because they
have to feed their kids and the economic
part of journalism is really something
that we don't talk about enough but it's
ever it's a major issue for journalists
who are trying to make it ends meet and
have to sometimes work for media outlets
that they don't believe in or that
doesn't give them enough space and I
always tell people you know don't say
the wrong things if you can't say what
you believe in at least don't say it but
don't say the wrong things
now you can't divorce the media from the
government and the government Arab
government response has been almost
complete silence a quick answer from
each of you
is there anybody and I'll start with you
Mohammed is there anybody any
governments that can either stand up to
Riyadh or work their way around it and
develop a an independent response I
think that's a complicated question it's
a political science question I'm not
necessarily a political scientist I will
say that I think that there has to
a kind of coalition so we see this kind
of Qatari
Turkish Alliance but I think that there
needs to be a lot more you know a lot
there are a lot more voices need to be
kind of on board I think that they need
to loop more governments into the into
that mix unfortunately the Saudi
influence the Egyptian influence is
quite vast they've spent both of those
governments in particular and also the
Emirati government they've spent tens of
millions of dollars lobbying on Downing
Street in Washington and really all over
the world and so you're really you're
you're swimming upstream so to speak so
I know sure hobby is there any
government that can take the place of
Riyadh and stand up and offer hope to
both the media and in order to be
independent two points I want to mention
first of all you asked the question
which is very relevant to my case myself
as a dissident from Bahrain and as a
person who stands every week for the
past seven and half years with with my
colleagues outside the Saudi embassy in
London to protest and to call for the
Saudis to pull there and the Emiratis of
course to pull their troops out of
Bahrain so we are scared we are really
really scared after what has happened to
mr. Haji and if he was to be killed in
embassy in Bahrain nobody would probably
would have raised an eyebrow but the
poor man had paid for with his life god
bless his soul now I am scared with my
with my other colleagues the Egyptians I
know them also have become scared
because many of them are in Turkey and
they have expressed a lot of
reservations about the situation now as
for the other question you mentioned I
believe that there should be an strong
alliance between of course Qatar and
Turkey and then they should extend that
to to Iran to Pakistan to Indonesia
these are the and probably to Algeria
these are the countries that have big
populations and they have
now adopted slightly different approach
to politics than a few years ago they
are more independent of Saudi Arabia and
I think only such an alliance Arab
Muslim Alliance that could bring some
hope but of course I will we are running
out of time man aside let me just let me
bring let me bring in though it cuts up
here so it's not one government our
guests are saying it has to be an
alliance of Arab and perhaps Muslim
world governments that stand up to
Riyadh would you agree with that yeah
well we have a problem in the the Qatari
Turkish alliance has been painted as a
kind of a Muslim Brotherhood Alliance
and I think you're given a choice that
you don't really like you want the army
of Egypt and then Saudi Arabia or you
want the Muslim Brotherhood and I think
we have to find a way to create a third
narrative or to actually maybe negate
the existing narrative that Qatar and
Turkey she is not a pro Muslim
Brotherhood Alliance I think we need to
really work on a secular or non let's
say non religious alliance that really
gives rights to people and defend the
human rights and defends the right of
expression that's the kind of alliance I
think we can get a lot of people to join
I want to thank you all Mohamed El Masri
Syed Ali Shah hobby and the woodcutter
and thank you too for watching you can
see the program again any time by
visiting our website al Jazeera calm and
for further discussion go to our
Facebook page that's facebook.com
forward slash AJ inside story and you
can also join the conversation on
twitter our handle is at AJ inside story
for me Imran Khan and the whole team
here bye for now
