this is the first time government forces
have used barrel bombs in daraa in a
year helicopters struck several villages
in what appears to be a major advance to
take over the city but this violates a
truce that was brokered by Russia and
the United States in efforts to bring an
end to the seven-year war the rebels who
are losing ground remain defiant we
don't recognize Assad's Authority he has
destroyed our cities and killed our
people
he destroyed Syria to stay in power we
will never recognize him and we reject
the presence of Iranian and Afghan
militias it's only Syrians who should
decide the future of the country the
Syrian army is massing troops in the
area the opposition says thousands of
Shia militias are also moving in Daraa
was the focal point of the Syrian
uprising in 2011 but in recent years the
rebels have been retreating they now
control one neighborhood in the city and
a few areas on the border with Jordan
this is a show force by the Free Syrian
Army in there are four years the FSA was
trained and armed by the US Europe and
Gulf countries but that support has
diminished over the last few years
anti-assad forces are largely outgunned
and outnumbered
Hashima Jabara al-jazeera
