football fans are getting used to the
idea that they're not the only ones
watching this World Cup on television
for the first time the video assistant
referee or var is playing a big part in
the action bar is only used to decide if
a goal has been fairly scored if a
player should be sent off if a penalty
can be awarded or to alert the referee
if he mistakenly penalizes the wrong
player it's use is something every fan
at this World Cup seems to have an
opinion about the game slow but it's
great I think it isn't slowing down that
much and it gives both sides and both
sides of the team makes it seem like
it's a fair like it's a fair match
sometimes is not you said well like
Morocco Portugal for example Morocco was
two penalty and the referees didn't use
the VAR each game is followed by four
officials watching footage from 33
cameras the on-pitch referee is still
expected to make decisions only if there
is a clear and obvious error will bar
intervene it's deciding what's a clear
and obvious error is the leaves room for
disagreements football give the lot to
referees in terms of interpretation it's
completely different from other sports
like tennis male basketball cricket
where the technology is used only for
factual decisions in in football not
there are many interpretations so
something that could be clear for me
anyway could be not thought training
days were held in the build-up to this
World Cup many of the referees are using
it in competitive games for the first
time at these finals var is up and
running in some major domestic leagues
including Germany and Italy in Italy the
statistics would suggest its impact has
been positive the amount of foul play
yellow cards and diving all went down as
players became aware that vath was
watching their every step a fool
to Alison Alison there was is one of the
Brazilian players that had viral entire
season in in Italy and he feels
confident that things work and he think
that the experience that he had in need
was good mistakes are gonna happen for
sure but I think that for getting really
closed off sides if the the ball goes in
or not if they leave the pitch before
ago we saw that many times and I think
that's gonna be really good
what did you see like it or not the days
when a notebook and a whistle were all a
referee needed to do his job a long-gone
Andy Richardson al Jazeera Moscow
