gathering before the US Capitol a
diverse group of thousands rallied under
the banner of the Poor People's Campaign
calling for a moral revival in the
United States the rally featured
impassioned speakers songs demanding
justice and prayers from clergy of many
religions including a sacred song by
Native Americans from the Apache Tribe
Reverend William barber of North
Carolina is one of the main organizers
of the campaign this is not fellowship
this is revolution bring this mic up
some mic man cuz we intend to get loud
and draw a crowd the campaigners demand
living wages for workers universal
health care an end to institutionalized
racism police violence and mass
incarceration more funding for schools
and social programs and less for the
military and an end to environmental
destruction there are about 40 million
people living in poverty in the United
States according to official statistics
from the US Census Bureau but some
researchers say the number is much
higher as high as 140 million whatever
the true number for the people who
gathered here it's far too many and I
think that the Poor People's Campaign is
doing something particularly radical and
calling out systemic poverty as an evil
an evil that the United States can very
easily quell solve the campaign is
modeled on a similar movement that began
50 years ago by Reverend Martin Luther
King jr. before his assassination in
April 1968 that summer tens of thousands
marched and set up a sprawling camp on
the National Mall called resurrection
city civil rights leader Jesse Jackson
was there dr. King's we must choose
healing at home and not killing abroad
protesters said the forced separation of
migrant families by the Trump
administration shows the country's
leadership is morally blind it's not
just Trump it's been like this since we
founded this country the immigration
issue is particularly acute now campaign
organizers say they are
only beginning their fight they plan a
major drive to get poor people and their
supporters to the polls in the November
elections to vote for a profound change
in u.s. society rob reynolds al jazeera
washington
