this generations grandparents were
children when Sweden had their finest
hour reaching the World Cup final in
1958 only to lose to Pele's Brazil a
third-place finish in 1994 is the best
they've achieved since then but they
have come to epitomize solid organized
football in the kind that sought
four-time champions Italy surprisingly
knocked out by the Swedes in a
qualifying play-off for russia 2018 and
one that has a very Scandinavian
emphasis on collective happiness yes
when you get a perspective of what's
what's the most important that you work
together you become a group you become a
squad then you fight for someone and
then they fight for you and that's
that's what brings you all so happiness
and joy if you if you succeed that's a
strength and I think that's something
you can have with you on the pitch but
also off the pitch as a person and as a
human being it's important that's the
way
Sweden also has a thriving domestic
competition the al svensk and it's not
nearly as prestigious as the English
Premier League or Spain's La Liga but it
does allow standing areas for fans and
that gives its games an atmosphere
that's among the best in Europe but what
is lacking for the first time at a World
Cup is an al svensk and player in the
Swedish squadron the fact that all of
Sweden's players are based in stronger
foreign leagues can be seen as a sign of
the system's health has come the success
of this team
Brahma poisoner whose giant Academy has
seen them become the traditional feeder
team of the Swedish League and who are
now mixing it with the big boys of our
svensk and after two successive
promotions the Academy here has 4,000
boys and girls in 260 teams a huge pool
of talent for the senior squad and
beyond we have the most talented players
in the club because everybody wants to
be in Brahma poke enough and if you're
good enough as a young player you're
gonna play for the first team no matter
how old you are we are so good at
feeding the senior teams with Academy
players there are 4 players who started
a six year old in
in Raqqa and now playing in in the World
Cup
Swedes learned perhaps more than anyone
that there is no I in team
but with a genuine star like Zlatan
Ibrahimovic no longer available their
fans in Russia might find they miss a
bit of ego to raise them above the
average Paul Reis al Jazeera Stockholm
