the minister's arrived at OPEC HQ with
the threat of an Iranian veto hanging in
the air and the very real prospect of a
deep rift forming Saudi Arabia and
Russia wanted an extra 1.5 to 1.8
million barrels a day to address a
predicted shortfall in supply Iran and
its allies were keen to keep the oil
price up by sticking to the production
limits agreed in 2016 the main gathering
was delayed by an hour as last-ditch
diplomacy tried to bridge the gap and by
the time the ministers sat down around
the table a compromise was taking shape
five one point eight on the one side
which was a proposal from Russia coming
into this week as well as doing lower
numbers were eliminated yesterday so
we're in the 1 million the final
communique when it came four hours later
deliberately avoided specific quotas for
the number of barrels and focused
instead on saying that the extra output
would simply restore full compliance
with that original 2016 production limit
the president of the OPEC conference was
asked again and again about allocation
which countries will be allowed to
increase their oil production to bring
OPEC to 100% compliance with the
declaration of cooperation and again and
again he refused to put specific figures
on it and he also hinted candidly about
the tensions that still remain within
the group how is it allocated I think
that is not that is not yet yet decided
due to the the fact that there are
differences between between certain
countries and we would not make sense if
we allocate a production to a country
that cannot cannot produce it so we
avoided I think having allocations from
that perspective the minister invited
analysts and journalists to do the
arithmetic for themselves till we know
the specifics it's kind of a mystery
increase it's an increase but we don't
know how much and you know the minister
today said you know and you do the math
but it's hard to do the math unless you
some of those details on Saturday the
expanded OPEC plus group of Nations
meets here and all eyes will be on
Russian reaction
Paul Brennan al Jazeera OPEC in Vienna
