during the economic depression in Greece
penny cuts his business has fallen by
two-thirds many of her clients are
bankrupt and jobless even homeless so
she often cuts their hair on credit so
they can go to a job interview God sees
has moved premises twice looking for a
more affluent clientele and she's cut
her prices by half but rising taxes have
convinced her that the government
doesn't want her business to survive
we're not being heard at all our our
voice doesn't count we're definitely
closing down slowly slowly if we're not
careful we're going to close down the
way the government's going that's what
their plan is and this is what they're
showing us or T hey guys you'll be
working for us until you can't handle it
until you get into debt and we just want
you to close down we want whatever
property you have whatever is yours we
want it austerity policies were
originally meant to turn the Greek
economy around in two years so far
they've lasted eight and as a result of
them 700,000 people are no longer
considered middle class there are
achievements the budget is balanced the
government spends no more than it raises
in taxes so it's not getting deeper into
debt Greek labor is more competitive
because salaries fell so exports are up
the number of tourists has doubled in
three years
Greek agricultural products now bring a
quarter of the money that enters the
country and shipping remains a
traditional strength but businesses
dependent on domestic consumption are
suffering a million people remain
jobless most of the rest are saving up
to pay taxes economists say in the hands
of politicians the medicine of austerity
did as much harm as good if I can make a
comparison I would consider it someone
who has was suffering from cancer and
chemotherapy chemotherapy has been given
to him which means that although the
goods the bad cells have been dead now
the good cells have also died a lot of
them at least and which makes the the
country and as a whole at the organism
losing its muscle losing its strength
the end of the adjustment program was
meant to be a turning point when
Greece's sacrifices began to pay off but
it is difficult to find anyone who now
believes the country is on the right
birth taxes remain high the political
climate is polarized and people are
traumatized it is as though a war has
just ended but there is no sense that
Greece is returning to normality and
that is a deterrent to investors so is
the way in which the refugee crisis has
destabilized European politics and
undermined solidarity a looming
transatlantic trade war and rising
global interest rates could see Greece
back in receivership jumps our applause
al Jazeera Athens
