on his way to a rally mayoral candidate
Pasquale tena wah passes a grim reminder
of what happened to the man he recently
replaced Aaron was the candidate before
me here they stopped him and killed him
he was lying here until the police found
him with his car engine still running
past Wales predecessor our umbrella is
one of more than 100 politicians killed
almost all at local level in what may be
the country's deadliest election season
Pasquale says he's not scared Elizabeth
Martinez on the other hand admits she's
terrified she's received death threats
addressed not just to her but also her
daughter from this whatsup account yes I
live in fear I try to beat it every day
I turned off the whatsapp in the night
I'm frightened of the messages that
arrive after 11 p.m.
dirty into Party politics play some part
in the violence but experts say it's
mainly due to Mexico's multiplying
criminal gangs they're increasingly
pushing politicians to turn a blind eye
or join in with their illegal activities
local municipal by administrations I'm
much more prone to corruption and
infiltration and organized criminal
groups identify this as an opportunity
and once they have infiltrated into a
local municipal administration which
allows them to carry out their
activities with relative impunity they
are not willing to let that go
politicians who refuse the criminals
offer or who are aligned with a rival
group risk this one of the now almost
daily funerals mayoral candidate
Alejandro Chavez was mourned on the same
day we spent with Elizabeth
it's a bleak picture with an
unprecedented number of candidates up
for election in less than two weeks
this seems playing out across the
country as candidates make their last
pitch in what are the biggest elections
in Mexico's history but rather than a
celebration of democracy in many places
they're showing how intertwined politics
and organized crime are of course it's
not just politicians being killed the
country's general murder levels have
exploded to the highest on record
Elizabeth says what's keeping her in the
race is the chance to change that we
can't stop because if we're living with
this violence the question is how far
will it go where will it end
we can't live this as our children's
inheritance soon a new crop of leaders
will have the chance to show if they can
protect all Mexicans including
themselves John Holman al Jazeera Puebla
