Brexton has left italian composer Dmitri
Schelotto in limbo he's among 3 and a
half million EU citizens living working
and paying taxes in the UK who will now
have to pass government checks in order
to be able to remain in Britain after it
leaves the EU you will have to undergo
criminal checks
I would undergo the improving that
you've been continuously resident here
and yes it will be fine for the majority
man there will be lots of cases when we
got lots of loopholes and I can sense
and I can witness lots of worry lots of
anxiety lots of fear the British
government's promise to allow most EU
citizens to stay in the UK providing
they've been in the country long enough
haven't broken any laws and pay a
registration fee the Home Secretary on
Thursday promised the process will be
simple it will have three key steps to
it which will be the need to prove your
identity the that you number two that
you live in the UK prove that you
actually live in the UK and number three
that you have no serious criminal
convictions and if we're if you're not
going to be glad to say so there have to
be a very good reason why not going to
get that under the proposal the
government says there'll be two types of
immigration status settled status for EU
citizens who've been living in the UK
for at least five years by December 31st
2020 and pre settled status for those
who've been in the UK less than five
years they'll be able to stay and apply
for settled status later family members
dependents and unmarried partners will
also be allowed to apply to live in the
UK after a certain amount of time the
government has promised a streamlined
low-cost digital process there are still
concerns for thousands of EU nationals
that may want to continue living here in
the UK students for instance who may
have decided to spend a year living
somewhere else or perhaps self-employed
people that don't have the financial
records to prove that they've been
living here consistently long enough to
get the status necessary and the elderly
people that may have been here for many
many years who simply don't know that
they now need to register there
maybe problems for these and others
further down the line
the recent Windrush scandal saw
long-term UK residents from the
Caribbean wrongly labeled illegal
immigrants some were deported despite
living in the UK for decades the
government can't afford to get the
registering of three and a half million
EU citizens wrong in return Teresa may
want Brussels to safeguard the rights of
1.2 million British citizens living in
the EU but without a final deal with
Europe there are no guarantees
Nev Barker al-jazeera London
