will they or won't they that's the
question vexing energy analysts ahead of
Friday's OPEC ministers meeting will the
ministers agree a compromise or is OPEC
heading for a split there could be a
shortfall by the end of the year
something like 1.6 to 1.8 million
barrels a day it will take time for
anything to filter through so whatever
they decide to do in the next few days
it won't be instant but it will have an
impact on the market what they also want
to ensure against is that the stock
overhang that we've seen in recent years
doesn't come back again the reason why
there now talks of increase in
production is to dampen that volatility
give the market the consumers everybody
enough certainty and sense of security
of supply to keep market in a healthy
situation in June 2014 OPEC oil was
trading at a hundred and ten dollars a
barrel by January 2016 it had dropped to
just 25 dollars a barrel now thanks to
OPEC limiting supply it's recovered to
around 73 dollars a barrel but there is
dispute over what the ideal price should
be the Saudi Crown Prince was warmly
welcomed in Moscow last week the two
countries firmly agreed on the need for
higher oil production however coming
into this week's meeting OPEC member
Iran supported by Venezuela and Iraq was
threatening to veto any easing of the
production cap the divisions here at
OPEC are as much about geopolitical
tensions as they are about the price of
oil outside of OPEC Saudi Arabia and
Iran are bitter regional rivals
there's the impact of US sanctions
against Iran and the prospect of Chinese
tariffs on US oil and of course Russia
intensely dislike seeing America benefit
from higher oil prices balancing those
competing interests looks difficult and
OPEC has seen splits before most
recently in 2011 this time analysts
believe an output increase will avert
potential chaos if we debug Friday and
Sunday with with no output hike on the
cards then there is an inherent danger
that the discipline might be
the Saudis might go alone even if for
250,000 value and then that'll give the
pretext to the Russians and the ten
known who bad guys who've been holding
their discipline who say well you know
what let's let's bump up our our
production as well
the compromise might involve just a few
hundred thousand extra barrels a day and
there are signs here in Vienna that that
might be agreeable to all but it's not a
done deal yet
Paul Brennan al Jazeera Vienna
