security was tight for the verdict at
the court in South Jakarta hundreds of
police and soldiers were on guard
Aman Abdul Rahman was convicted of
planning a gun and bomb attack on a
Starbucks coffee shop in 2016 in which
four civilians were killed and four
other attacks he was in a maximum
security prison at a time but used
mobile phones and the internet to spread
his teachings and a man who carried out
the attacks visited him in prison
beforehand there for sentencing
Aman Rahman alias Aman Abdul Rahman with
the death penalty last month more than
30 people died including the bomber's in
a series of suicide attacks at churches
and at a police station in the city of
Surabaya families with young children
carrying suicide belts were held
responsible police have said there were
members of Abdul Rahman group Gemma
Angela jad among a dozen my uncle Howard
Iran there is fear among police that
this verdict could become a trigger for
revenge attacks by sympathizers who are
not really involved in jad but can
operate as lone wolves who have been
self radicalized more than 400 suspected
members of jad have been arrested since
the beginning of the year this verdict
is not only seen as a strong message to
those involved in terror attacks in
Indonesia but also to the ideological
leaders counterterrorism laws have
recently been revised to make it easier
to prosecute those inciting violence but
above all this case has put the
spotlight on Indonesia's present system
notoriously lacking security funk Filner
was injured during the attack at
starbucks judges decided to say
compensation should be paid to him and
other victims of attacks but not as much
as they wanted the becoming more at ease
with the situation is just a time factor
and the the time heals the wounds and
the memories of the past the closure
will come more because of the decision
by
the judges or the panel of churches to
grant compensation and thereby
contributing to the closure then the
actual conviction of of a suspect in
court Aman Abdul Rahman kneeled down and
kissed the ground after the verdict was
read out he said he won't appeal step
fasten al-jazeera Jakarta
