after a week of attacks and
counter-attacks claims and counterclaims
forces loyal to Libya's warlord Khalifa
Haftar have taken control of what is
known as the oil Crescent a rival
faction led by Ibrahim Tehran has
withdrawn from the area after the forces
reportedly had support from Egyptian and
UAE warplanes medical sources in ASDA BS
city say dozens of people including
civilians were killed in the fighting
three oil storage tanks and rasslin of
ports were reportedly targeted by an
airstrike and set on fire for days the
National Oil Corporation says about
400,000 barrels of crude oil a day
burned after backs the Tobruk paced
parliament that has refused to cede
power to the government of national
Accord since it was first formed for
many people here doesn't matter who
controls Libya's oil-producing region as
long as oil continues to be sold through
the National Oil Corporation and even if
the military operations end with either
the forces of Haftar or Jahan taken
control it does not mean the conflict in
the area is over Mahmoud Abdul Wahid al
Jazeera Tripoli
