torture and rampant sexual abuse in
secret prisons in Yemen former detainees
say they're being run by the UAE the
Emirates a key player in the Yemeni war
denies the claims so what will or can
the international community do this is
inside story
hello and welcome to the program today
with me Peter Dhabi seven former
detainees say that the United Arab
Emirates is running secret prisons in
Yemen and that sexual torture in those
prisons is rampant and systematic the
UAE denies the accusations which were
made to reporters from The Associated
Press news agency however the charges
highlight both the depth of Saudi and
Emirati involvement in Yemen's Civil War
and the brutality has become a hallmark
of this conflict we'll begin with this
report from Diana Karine a window into
what's being described as a world of
rampant sexual torture and impunity
these drawings were smuggled out of
Emirati run prisons in Yemen made on
plastic plates with Inc detainees held
without charge or trial described a
humiliation to the Associated Press news
agency one caption in Arabic says it's
real terrorism in another drawing
prisoners being transported in a pickup
truck are naked blindfolded and
handcuffed seven former detainees spoke
to reporters about what they've
witnessed they say rape electrocution
and beatings took place at five
detention centers including at the
Emirati forces headquarters in the
country
the UAE mission in Geneva tweeted that
it has never managed or run prisons or
secret detention centers in Yemen but
the accusations don't come as a surprise
in March human rights groups accused the
United Arab Emirates of making arbitrary
arrests in southern Yemen we have
documented in the past that the UAE is
responsible for forced disappearances
torture and arbitrary detentions for
months many residents demanded to know
where their missing relatives are UAE
military commanders in Yemen have
repeatedly denied running secret prisons
there after reporting the Hadi
government set up a committee to
investigate but the UAE has continued to
flatly deny any role in abuse against
detainees but abusers continue we know
that and prisoners have repeatedly
started hunger strikes to protest that
treatment the three-year warranty Amman
has caused a complete breakdown of law
an order especially in the south where
militias operate beyond the control of
the courts and the internationally
recognized government in addition to the
disappearances and torture there have
been reports of executions and
assassinations Diana Karen al-jazeera
well before bringing in our guest let's
take a closer look now at the conflict
in Yemen in March 2015
Ruthy rebels advanced on the capital sin
are refusing to accept a new
constitution proposed by president bravo
Mansour Hadi who was forced to leave the
city
later that month Saudi Arabia assembled
a coalition of allies including the UAE
to support Hardys government in what
became a civil war against the Houthis
Emirati troops have fought extensively
particularly in the South around the
port city of Aden in June of 2017 The
Associated Press news agency revealed
the UAE was running secret prisons in
Yemen an accusation the UAE denies okay
let's get going introducing our panel to
you today joining us from Sanaa in Yemen
we have Hussein al bouquet tea a pro
Houthi journalist from Toronto in Canada
not a Hashemi the director of the center
for Middle East Studies at the
University of Denver and also in sana
Hakim
Alma's Mary political analyst and the
editor in chief and the publisher of the
Yemen Post welcome to you all who say in
Alba kotti in san our first how many
people are we talking about here I think
they could be in the hundreds because
from the beginning of the war we have
heard many reports and many claim made
by some people in the South especially
for a woman who are claiming that their
husband their sons are has been
imprisoned and seems to be that the
United Arab Emirates is using what they
call the fight on al Qaeda so they can
imprison anyone they want and no one can
ask them or no one can dare in the south
to to say anything to them and this is
to be honest is the same what the United
States has been using they can detain
anyone around the world and they can say
we are fighting
qaeda and i've seen on social media if
it before this report many protests from
women and children and families of this
people who has been held for months and
now the some of them has exceeded two to
three years
they brought a stain aden in mccullough
in other city in the south but there was
kind of a black out of the outside media
and the united arab emirate of course
will not let any media outlet in the
south to cover this crime that's done
against the prisoners clearly hussein
social media is not a reliable source
and i take on board what you're saying
of course but we maybe have to issue a
little bit of a housekeeping notice here
wrapping up our entire discussion with
one big allegedly let's go to her chemo
almas mari also in san are one
identifying factor here is the accents
of the people who are doing the
torturing their accents apparently come
from the UAE are you convinced that that
is factually correct that's the other
details that the information that we
received a couple of months ago that are
these private prisons or secret prisons
are being run by the coalition forces
led by the UAE but also with the with a
knowledge of the US government as well
but the torture has been taking place by
the UAE forces and its allies but again
this is the information that we received
a couple of months ago from reliable
sources or military sources sources who
are close to the UAE forces in Aden
these are still claims and allegations
the internet be international recognized
government of president Hadi needs to
investigate these cases sadly their
government is weak in Aden and don't
have any or much authority there but
these claims are serious they need to be
taken seriously and independent
investigators must be allowed to visit
these prisoners in order to see if these
claims are true or not sometimes even if
the government does investigate the
truth is sometimes hidden so
international NGOs Human Rights Watch
Amnesty
etc these NGOs
must be given the chance to visit the
prisoners in these prisons and talk to
them and see what their comments are
because right now everything is still
gray very serious accusations but these
procedures must be visited and be
tweeted legally because sometimes stupid
claims or under tear and and in the end
it's not terrorism
it's just his link to the Muslim
Brotherhood party the human branch of
Islam or others so it's not only
investigation but also the families must
be aware where this person is ours
human rights organisations must visit
these prisoners and listen from them and
talk to them to see what their comments
are to ensure that everything that's
taking place is legal and under the
international law not a Hashmi in
Toronto this is clearly a war crime but
the idea of layering in on top of that
sexual abuse that gives it a whole new
sinister dimension right and it's
nothing I think that should shock anyone
who studies and follows human rights
practices in the Middle East the United
Arab Emirates has quite a sordid and
horrific track record in terms of the
use of internal repression and torture
within its own territory so now that
it's actually engaging in torture
outside of its territory in a location
where it is actively involved in a war
comes as no surprise this is in many
ways part and parcel of a consistent
policy of repression that we've seen
from the United Arab Emirates both
within its own territories in other
parts of the Arab world where it is
deeply invested hussain albuquerque also
ense√±a your sources and your reporting
what are you getting the sense of in
terms of how far up the command chain
this is being okayed how far up that
command chain is somebody saying yes
this is the way to go because presumably
at some weird level that they're
justifying this to themselves by saying
this is torture
it's an it's an evolution of torture and
we're doing it to what extract
information from people I mean of course
they will say that they extract
information from
but you have not the right to detain
someone for many many months without any
like without putting him into into
justice and I think all this is to blame
on had the government and I wanted just
to mention that the Minister of Interior
Minister of Hadi government Riyadh has
said two months ago that all prisons in
the south is under the control of united
arab emirate they are in control of the
security forces of airport of Port and
this proved that the claim of the United
Arab Emirates mission in Geneva when
they said about this report that there
is no president run by United Arab
Emirates in Yemen and all prisons are
run by Yemeni government and they show
you that the Yemeni government actually
cannot do anything to stop to stop this
but all this blame as well as on the
united united arab emirate leadership
who actually is bringing those tactic
those prisons into Yemen it might it
remind us with the Guantanamo Bay it
remind us with Abu Ghraib when the
United States used to take prisoners in
so-called retention retention flight to
bring them to other country to torture
now the United Arab Emirates is doing it
exactly in Yemen and it was just to add
one thing about when I said about the
social media social media and this time
is the only platform for the ordinary
people the only product platform for
poor people and we've seen the effect of
social media during the Arab Spring but
why I said about the social media
because all this report that has been
said now in the associate breast and in
other agency is we have been hearing
this in Yemen for four years but because
united arab emirate actually doesn't
allow some time anyone to cover this and
during watching all programs on other TV
channel about this latest report I
haven't seen anyone from for example
from the South who can talk about it
because if someone will appear if he
will mention anything against united
arab emirate he will be sacked we
remember one minister of Hadi government
who has criticized a united arab emirate
for net not letting Hadi
and settle in in Eden his name is Sol
Ahaziah D he was he was forced to resign
another the de Beauty Prime Minister of
been deferred as well when he criticized
united arab emirate he was forced to
resign and his name obliges Jabari this
show it okay Hussein we're getting off
the topic now but I take on board what
you're saying about social media but you
and I both know the reality of social
media anyone can set up a fake account
we can never sort of you know nail down
the provenance of individual people as
they are operating inside the echo
chamber of social media Hakeem Armas
Mari what was your reaction this time
last year almost to the u.s. reaction
when it said well we haven't seen any
evidence of torture we haven't seen any
evidence of secret prisons I was
surprised that you know they were so
frank and the reason why there's no
evidence is because they're hiding the
evidence yes they're doing a good job in
hiding the evidence but that does not
mean that it's not there but this is
expected in a country where it's lawless
right now police governments are running
the country whether in this in the north
on the south whether in Aden and tires
or also in sana when you have a police
government that's it's very weird these
XI people are condemned or go against
the rule of of those in charge so
violations do happen whether in the
north and the south but the but what we
want right now is that this is very
serious a big difference between normal
torture and rape exactly just
unbelievable that this is happening in
Yemen and while the international
community is basically staying quiet
because this coalition has the umbrella
of the UN so these allegations must be
taken seriously over the last couple of
months it's been witnessed that the UAE
has been trying to polish its image in
Yemen especially in the South of Yemen
after the previous claims but this comes
as a big blow and again these are just
allegations right now and claims we need
to create a investigative committee to
investigate
this is a plan right now yes this
government is weak and because of this
weakness it cannot do that it needs
international pressure on Yui and
coalition leadership to get to the
bottom of this to find out if this is
real or not and to make sure that those
who were involved in such matters should
be taken punished for it
because these families have hundreds and
hundreds of innocent civilians with very
simple claims whether in the north are
also in the south the simple claims and
sometimes you're imprisoned for months
and months without anyone following up
for you and while you're there anything
could happen to you and this is a result
of a non-government or a real government
not being in control of the entire
country these committees must be formed
immediately we'll come on to the idea of
pressure and whether people will be held
accountable or not in a couple of
moments but not a Hashmi in Toronto
first and foremost as well there are 18
prisoners at the moment where members
very specifically members of al-qaeda
and ISIL are held because Yemen the
Yemeni war is one of the most complex
conflicts across the world wherever you
go Yemen is the high-water mark of
complexity I guess are we saying or can
we extrapolate out what we're saying to
define that this element of torture the
sexual abuse of inmates is going on in a
more widespread manner well as you you
know correctly stated Peter we don't
know for sure because social media is
not an accurate source for judging these
questions but given past practice that
the UAE is known to have engaged in in
terms of its own repression internally
within the United Arab Emirates and
given the policy of systematic war
crimes that Saudi Arabia and the UAE
have been charged with in terms of how
they're prosecuting the war in Yemen I'm
not surprised at all that these reports
have surfaced I suspect that when all is
said and done and when you have
independent human rights investigators
looking at what's HAP
in these prisons the actual depth and
breadth of the torturer will probably be
much more widespread than has been
reported and that's because exactly what
you alluded to a moment ago from with
the previously guest Inza Sunnah that
the constraints that previously existed
on the United Arab Emirates in terms of
the United States his policy toward the
region and toward the UAE in specific
specifically have been lifted the Trump
administration you know openly backs the
war in Yemen Donald Trump during the
campaign for president openly claimed
that he supported torture and sound now
the UAE feels it's in the driver's seat
you can do whatever it wants
there will be no constraints placed on
him and it can just carry on in this
reckless way regardless of the
consequences
Hussein al bukhari proving allegations
is one thing bordering on near
impossible mr. Hardy this time last year
in the aftermath of the original AP
revelations and claims mr. Hardy had
promised an inquiry where do you think
that will go I mean we have fun
experience with the president Hadi even
when he was in sauna before like two
years before the war we have seen many
al Qaeda attack and many crimes alike
that attack on a hospital in Ensenada
that killed and injured
over 100 doctors and patient and nurse
he said we will investigate that they
helped some of the people who were
responsible of that and since then we
haven't heard anything of that this is
all what has been happening in Yemen
they always make as they say a committee
to investigate but this committee will
never ever see the light and if there
was a committee formed only on the media
then the united arab emirate and the
saudi-led coalition will not let the
results of this committee to come to
light because this will damage him and I
didn't think that the United Arab
Emirates will let anyone which is under
their supporter or someone who they are
backing they will never ever let him
damage the reputation as an and as I
mentioned two of the ministers who
criticized them they were forced to
resign and this will be to anyone and if
Hadi they're actually to condemn the
rectally the United Arab Emirates then I
think he cannot stay in power they can
just replace him by anyway with him and
I mean as they did with those ministers
and the four that the former Prime
Minister's during the war in Yemen not a
hashemian Toronto coming to you again
there is this base the Baraka base
apparently reportedly allegedly US
personnel were sent there part of the
murkiness of this surely is that
depending upon which web site you look
at depending upon which bit of social
media you catch up with they are either
there in a semi-official role or they
are mercenaries and nobody is telling
anybody else whether they are or they're
not you're right we don't have the full
picture here but I suspect the United
States is deeply aware that torture is
taking place at these prison sites and
that the Obama and and that the Trump
administration is actually you know
looking the other way in other words
endorsing these types of practices
because it effectively has the Trump
administration that is has the exact
same regional view and the exact same
interpretation of the conflict in Yemen
as the United Arab Emirates does and as
the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia de so the
United States I think is deeply
complicit we don't know the extent and
the depth of the complicity but that can
only be determined after an independent
investigation
akima must marry the US defense
secretary should report back by but I
think it's August the 12th 13th 14th ish
because in the middle of May of this
year he was given the job of actually
come up coming up with a definitive take
on what is going on in Yemen given that
it's so murky given that there's black
operations going on in the country and
there are so complex what are the
chances that he actually has enough time
to put together an accurate
interpretation it's not the matter of
time it's the matter of will do they
have the will to take this seriously
right now the problem in Yemen is that a
very very limited media outlets
international media outlets are allowed
to into Yemen whether in the North or
the South so the lack of international
presence are whether human rights
organizations or international media
this gives these sites who are in
control
a green light to react freely because
there's no pressure right now if we want
to go forward with this the the first
step is not to let president Hadi create
any Inquiry Commission the UN must take
a stance and announce that to open an
investigation on this and allow human
rights organizations to visit these
persons and investigate that's if you
want this marriage to be taken seriously
so it's not a matter of time there's a
lot of time but is there a will miss
government knows of many of the practice
that are happening in the South of Yemen
that are illegal but the times are as
you guess that Trump is with it
president Trump is with it and does not
reject it at the same time this will
also hurt the u.s. reputation so they
have to stand aside the UN must a strong
stance and from there the UN creates an
independent committee to investigate and
visit these prisons because you cannot
count on president Hadi and his
government as we all know they are weak
in the south and have no authority as of
now who say in Albuquerque what are the
chances here that the UN does something
this time yesterday on this program we
were discussing the way that the United
States has pulled out of the UN Human
Rights Council so arguably the council
never had enough teeth anyway and the UN
is kind of fighting lots of different
fronts here the Human Rights Council is
actually I cannot do anything because if
they try to form any investigation team
to be sent in Yemen like they tried
there in Geneva a year ago it was
blocked by the United States and by you
okay and by other other country and
United State has appointed the Saudi to
head the human right panel in Geneva
during the war in Yemen so I don't think
the United Nation can do anything
because if they if they couldn't do
anything to investigate all crimes done
in Yemen either by the whole team or by
the saudi-led coalition and which is in
much bigger than than what's happening
now in those induced in this prison I
don't think that that anything will
happen in in the future and I want to
just add the one more important thing we
have seen those
blastic played with this prisoner in the
in the United Arab Emirates prison hath
drone how they are subject to sexual
torture and sexual harassment it show
you that they may they maybe have
smuggled the pen inside they have no
paper and they took a risk to smuggle
this outside the prison and just imagine
if nothing has been will will not be
done to those people in those prison
this means that the united arab emirate
will will triple the sexual torture to
this people because they will try to
find out who has drawn this who has
brought them out and I'm calling the
United Nation to do something because if
they don't do anything then this mean
that this report will be just will
backfire and it will result in more
torture for all those people who are
imprisoned in in South Yemen not a
Hashemi what are the chances that
anybody is ever held accountable for
this well I think the likelihood is
quite minimal but I think it's directly
proportional to this story gaining
greater global visibility and publicity
and I think one way forward of really
trying to mitigate these types of gross
human rights abuses is to really try and
get the United States Senate to get
involved for those people following in
the conflict in Yemen the United States
particularly to the Senate has been very
outspoken critical of the u.s. role in
supporting the Emiratis and the the
Saudi war effort in Yemen earlier this
year the Senate came very close to
passing a resolution blocking American
insistence to the Saudi and Emirati war
effort in in Yemen so there are several
senators led by Senator Chris Murphy of
Connecticut and Bernie Sanders of
Vermont who were very principled on the
question of Yemen if they were to I
think take this issue on they have the
opportunity and the possibility of
holding congressional hearings inviting
people from the State Department from
the White House from the Pentagon and
asking them pointed questions to what
extent is the United States involved in
these types of tortures that could shine
a global spotlight on these abuses that
might lead to their mitigation gentlemen
we are out of time thank you to all I
guess today who say in Albuquerque
Naomi and Hakeem must marry and thank
you to you two for watching the program
you can see the show again anytime via
the website aljazeera.com and for more
discussion check out our Facebook page
that's facebook.com forward slash AJ
inside story you can also join the
conversation on Twitter at AJ inside
story or tweet me I'm at Peter Dhabi one
from me Peter Dhabi and the entire team
here in Doha thanks for watching we'll
see you soon bye bye
