French border police search a train in
Mato the first stop from the border with
Italy migrants tried to cross into
France on this line every day but few
make it the government's crackdown on
illegal immigration and police checks a
thorough pressure on police to turn back
migrants says this mep is leading to
rights abuses the police said there was
no one inside here but when we asked to
go in we saw young people lying on the
floor there was no interpreter no lawyer
there given no possibility to file an
asylum request last year French officers
on this border stopped fifty thousand
migrants many walk from Italy taking
dangerous mountain routes like this man
who didn't wish to be identified but
described being detained by French
officers we didn't have blankets we
didn't have crises we didn't have huge
we sleep there some boy he start to
beating the door because he's very
coldness and he's hungry you need water
and after that this old man is a
policeman is start to beating him the
boy start crying
there are only a few hundred meters
between the French and Italian border
posts which face the Mediterranean Sea
all along this road we have spoken to
migrants who say that they were detained
overnight by the French border police
and the police station down there they
all say the same thing they were locked
inside with no food no access to
information and activists in this region
say that is extremely common and what's
more they say that French police are
falsifying documents in order to turn
away migrants who are under 18
under French law child refugees a
guaranteed state protection the charity
workers here say French police often
ignore the rules
unfortunately it's so common so we have
that there where you see there is
written never the original birthday and
the police changed because in that way
they don't have the the responsibility
to taking charge of the minor the
allegations of angered police I repeat
these accusations because every day my
colleagues face migrants you pretend to
be miners on all sides the lack of trust
is clear there's also frustration that
the European Union isn't doing more to
deal with the migration crisis leaving
individual countries to cope and leaving
the most vulnerable people lost in
uncertainty
Natacha butler al jazeera motto
