hello welcome to rewind I'm Rochelle
Carey since al-jazeera English launched
more than a decade ago we have built up
an extraordinary archive of
award-winning documentaries here on
rewind returning to some of the best of
them finding out what's happened in the
years since back in 2009 millions of
Americans were celebrating a new
president in the White House
promising radical change and a better
future President Obama inspired the
entire nation no more so than in
Baltimore were over 60 percent African
American in violent crime and
drug-related deaths have been on the
rise for decades but what became of all
that optimism in the years following
Obama's election in 2012 al Jazeera
fault lines went to Baltimore to find
out here's Baltimore anatomy of an
American city
we're following a funeral cortege
through the outskirts of Baltimore
Kendall Stanton was shot dead at his
home in Northeast Baltimore
he was 27 today his family and friends
are burying him
while the US homicide rates overall is
stable
those involving black youths have risen
fault lines is in the city of Baltimore
to try to find out why in the inner-city
neighborhoods of Obama's America life
for so many young african-american men
continues to be a fight for survival
our city stubborn homicide count reached
his lowest level since 1977
and we know that these crimes are the
ones that gave us a bad reputation as a
dangerous place and for too long instill
the deep-seated fear that drove families
away Baltimore's mayor Stephanie
rawlings-blake is delivering her annual
State of the City address
it's not time to celebrate her words are
combative the population of Baltimore
the largest city in the state of
Maryland has been shrinking for decades
mayor rawlings-blake wants to grow it
again by 10,000 families within the next
ten years let there be no doubt the
state of our city is now better safer
and stronger
for all the talk of declining crime
rates Baltimore is still one of the
deadliest cities in the United States
they still talk about it it's 1:45 p.m.
and a man has been shot
we'll just heard about another shooting
incidents in the city of Baltimore so
we're on our way to the crime scene now
and we're listening to the police
scanner to find out exactly where it
took place
there's also messages sent out on
Twitter by the Baltimore Police
Department
police photographers forensic officers
and detectives work to investigate the
scene the bullet casings and marks the
victim here was shot in the back those
of his clothes of the paramedics cut off
him before he was taken away to hospital
to be taken away you have evidence
the pace of violence in Baltimore can
feel relentless
almost every day offers up another
shooting today there's more
a couple of minutes before den poel
these deer come out but they laugh I
didn't after they left they come running
down Mary Street start shooting and I
see bullets hit the victim and he fell
in front of the Chinese store after the
fight happen officer should have stayed
out here sitting in the area but they
didn't like I say this incident could
have been avoided well this neighborhood
is very close to downtown Baltimore and
there was a shooting incident here where
six shots were fired and the police have
been called out this is the third
shooting that we've heard about in 24
hours and beamed to the crime scenes
here in the city of Baltimore today
illegal guns not drunks or the stated
number one target for law enforcement
the Baltimore Police Department has
invited us to walk the streets with them
no toys for drugs no toys for drugs
yeah but as many people use you see
sitting now here there's always one
person with a gun but you want to stop
the drug dealing as well right
I do but I'd rather stop to kill him not
that the drug dealing isn't bad but the
violence and most of the arrests you
make must be for drug offenses right
well at this point now but again that's
that's not our that's not the goal
what's going on fellas I don't give me a
favor tell you why the mayor says it's
the strategy of targeting illegal guns
that scene the murder rate dropped to
the lowest figures in over three decades
does anybody have ID on them we're
trying to figure out how they're getting
in the hands of kids how they're getting
into the hands of bad guys if the
numbers of murders are down in Baltimore
and I don't know but if they are then I
would not describe that to a change in
program Ed Burns is the former Baltimore
detective and schoolteacher who went on
to write the hit television series The
Wire we're not dealing with the root
causes all right
so if you lock up a person with a gun
there's a kid coming behind him who's
going to pick up
that gun it's an endless cycle the
population in Baltimore is way down all
right so if the population is down your
numbers are down we've gotten the
reductions in violence at the same time
reducing the number of arrests which
tells me that our targeted approach of
targeting our most violent offenders is
what will make the difference
but while the focus is on guns mayor
rawlings-blake says drug crime will
continue to be targeted to yeah I don't
when we're never going to be at a place
as long as they're people selling
illegal drugs on the street whether
they're illicit drugs or prescription
drugs you know we will enforce that
those laws how can you say we want to
get rid of crime and then once the
person served a time and come back out
you tell them they can live in public
housing they can't get health insurance
they can't get certain jobs so how do
they live Donnie Andrews should know a
convicted murderer
Donnie used to rob drug dealers for a
living he and his nephew Dante who's a
former dealer said some of the
neighborhood's Baltimore's kids are
growing up in feel like conflict zones
this is our war lair we duck dodge run
hard behind trees Irish shootout
that's what it feels like there but it's
just a constant war yeah Dante got into
dealing drugs after an injury ended his
hopes of becoming a basketball player I
started in the street 18 you know we're
running with the wrong crew
locked up shot you know sure yeah I shot
my back in my leg over the argument
about a basketball game so there's
always been a recession right you had
always been a recession this can mean
that's why we go we will go to the first
thing we bought so drugs it's the
easiest quicker thing to put a dollar in
your pocket what you gonna do but you're
going one after the slowest animal or
the fastest animal
Dante and his friends say the
environment they've grown up in makes it
difficult to imagine another way of life
certain things tear up the neighborhood
so a lot of the father's is gone so
there's nobody here to guide the kids so
they turn to all the negative things cuz
there's nobody here to got the blame for
that
Dante's friends say shouldn't only be
attributed to those sucked into the drug
business one of the few multi-million
dollar industries this city still has
left then once it reached down here we
lack the young black mover because
that's the only place is really gone
Baltimore wasn't always a city in
decline it was once a shipping
powerhouse one of the largest seaports
of the mid-atlantic states and a major
center of industrial manufacturing in
the late 60s Baltimore head industries
like Bethlehem Steel huge shipbuilding
industry a very active port Neill
Franklin is a retired police major who
spent 34 years in law enforcement he's
seen the decay firsthand late 60s early
70s mainly jobs started leaving
Baltimore industry started leaving going
overseas wherever it ended up it just
wasn't here in Baltimore anymore but it
was also around that time that Richard
Nixon decided that he was going to start
a war against public enemy number one
drugs but it was President Ronald Reagan
who turned that rhetorical war into a
literal one you have to show did you
have a drug criminal problem so how do
you do that through arrests at a time
when drug crime was actually on the
decline
not on the rise we went crazy arresting
people for crack cocaine because it is
so-called epidemic that we read
incarceration rates began to just soar
off the charts and we just put tons of
black people in prison from our inner
cities ungodly numbers more arrests
meant more federal money
it's a system that still exists today in
the form of federal job stimulus and
other US Department of Justice grants
for crime control and community policing
it's not a war on drugs don't don't ever
think it's a war on drugs it's a war on
the blacks it started as a war on the
blacks and has now spread the Hispanics
and for whites but initially it was a
war on blacks and it was designed
basically to take that energy that was
coming out of civil rights movement and
destroy it we have over 10 million
people man with retinas come on boots
next 10 years we have 10 more million on
you with me I mean come on then we got
to stop at some point say you know what
you know people change and we had to
fight for rehabilitation for our chances
for people change for opportunity
according to a 2003 report from the
Bureau of Justice if current
incarceration rates remain unchanged one
in three black men can expect to go to
prison in their lifetime even in the Age
of Obama something akin to a caste
system is alive and well in America the
mass incarceration of poor people of
color is tantamount to a new caste
system when specifically designed to
address the social political and
economic challenges of our time Michelle
Alexander is a law professor who says to
the disproportionate numbers of black
people in prison in America today is
akin to a new system of social control
comparable to slavery
she says that while President Obama has
made some positive steps like signing
legislation that reduced sentencing
disparities between crack and powder
cocaine where it really counts Obama has
not broken from the past but the reality
is is that Obama's drug control budget
looks much like the Bush
administration's the ratio of funding
invested in enforcement as opposed to
prevention or drug treatment is about
the same as the Bush administration this
is Lamar it's not his real name he's
agreed to talk to us if we disguise his
identity
Lamar has been a drug dealer and a gang
member he's currently awaiting trial
charged with attempted murder we are
facing life in prison if I lose life or
somewhere cause of it
I wanna be a man walking the street me
food simmers and I shot fires Oh Lamar's
drug operation is on hold while he's out
of jail on pretrial supervision one way
that Maryland has dealt with
overcrowding of the prison system the
reason he deals is simple he does it
because he says it's the only way he
knows to support his family
and guns are just a tool of the trade
this is our price sixteen years old so I
mean if you lived in a you know in a
mining town you would go into the coal
mines this is this is all you know and
this is all they know so they're going
into this well they know the dangers
there you know but what would they would
they have is no choice
and the way the game is rigged they
can't win I mean the number of guys that
actually survived the corner to get into
mid-level drug dealing so they can get
away from the corner they're few and far
between hopefully I could be in a
position where in a better position
where I could find something something
positive to do but if I have nothing to
do I'm at the only resort than when I
know
growing up in a poor neighborhood in
Baltimore means the odds are stacked
against you and so we have a school to
Prison Pipeline operating in Baltimore
and in other cities across the nation
where young people believe with some
good reason that their destiny lies
behind bars and they too will become
members of the under cast females
getting pregnant and they having
children you know I was children reading
children but I'm not no high school
education why didn't they kill each
other
my mother was a child when she had us
you know my mother told me she hated me
you know and to get out of Facebook she
killed me they had impact
no one's thinking about like let's look
at these infants let's help these
infants out let's help these mothers out
so that these kids are raised in a
healthy environment let's let's put the
money there rather than put it into like
the back end you know 25,000 per
prisoner per year in the federal system
it's probably 30-some thousand per year
that's where we're putting our money a
lot of guys the bottom obesity phase
with no fog so when you will have I'm
right man we see the full mileage type
of guy that I follow and you started
doing the other neighbor figures TV
streets all boys are probably 4 or 5
years older than you and we don't have
that family foundation you know you
definitely don't have a chance you know
these kids are just chewed up and spit
out and they're broken they get the
criminal record they can't get jobs you
know they go to prison they come home
the same thing repeats itself until
their bodies eventually break down
it was kind of scary coming for you
because when you first come in you just
with like all the docs like you're just
surrounded by adults better than bad
moods because I didn't lock up so what
kind of like it's just a bad experience
located in the very heart of the city
the Baltimore City detention center is
one of the largest pretrial detention
facilities in the United States today
everything is dirty it's intended for
adults but under harsh get-tough laws
passed in Maryland and some other states
juveniles charged as adults are also
held here 15 to a room they're held
indoors for about 23 hours a day
Anthony Thomason was just 16 years old
when he was arrested for armed robbery
and charged as an adult he was
ultimately cleared of all charges but
while waiting five months for trial
he wasn't attending school he was in
Baltimore City detention center for some
people you get started for some people
you just go crazy I guess people I know
that know once they got in and he wanted
it to do more stuff than they were doing
when they were home especially round
being adults saying that adults are gone
and they're the kind of thing is what
you're supposed to do like they kind of
get adapted to
the US Department of Justice agrees that
spending nearly half a year in a
crumbling adult facility can violate
Anthony's constitutional rights but the
state's proposed solution is a brand-new
100 million dollar jail for minors
charged as adults which the city plans
to build on this site
I mean your stresses it's just
unbearable like you got to go through
everyday just thinking about how much
time that you can get people are not
worrying about their life being thrown
away like their entire lives and if you
grow up in a Jedi where you're just
gonna keep going back so I don't think
it's right for a kid to be in that
situation
as we're preparing to leave Baltimore we
hear of yet another shooting
nobody this time but the blood on the
pavement is proof of the continuing
cycle of violence Baltimore is a city
that's still on the front line of the
war on drugs when you walk through
neighborhoods like this it's hard not to
feel that the legacy of the war these
communities have been living through is
so bad that rhetoric will anything short
of radical change won't solve the
problem it feels like it simply could
take decades for these communities to
recover Baltimore anatomy of an American
city from 2012 since that film was made
the level of violent crime in Baltimore
has continued to rise in 2015 police and
National Guard were deployed on the
streets after a young black man Freddie
gray died in police custody his death
sparked violent protests in 2017 alone
343 people were murdered making
Baltimore the most dangerous city in
America so rewind returned recently to a
snowy Baltimore to find out how the
people on the front line are addressing
the city's drug and crime problem
my name is Ernest Shaw I am 48 years old
I'm an artist muralist and an educator
here in Baltimore Baltimore at one time
was the heroin capital of the country I
was born on the tail end of that I lived
as a teenager through the eighties which
was the crack epidemic which was very
big in boltzman in West Baltimore all me
Tommy Corleone 42 years old retired
rapper I created the new shoes off I
like knives right so this was given to
me by no shoes on follow it it's
basically the details of the knife that
I love cuz this how I survived in prison
I can show you now I was stabbed over my
spine three times on three different
occasions you should see the top one
here you should see the one in the
middle and there's one down the bottom
you know is the survival of the fittest
type of city this this world of cordon
evil killer be care weathers with the
knife or the gun but now I do it for
good I go out there and gang members
face and say woody at this time I was
already Travis check current you guys
now I had a 357 and a 22 long so this is
me just currently 14 as a drug dealer
this is my life my work I probably shot
about 10 people I had close friends who
did not graduate from high school who
are no longer with us we lost to the
streets two weeks old my father went to
prison he did 15 years straight I met
him when I went to prison at 15 with 15
years to say the least from 4 to 11
I experienced watching my mother shoot
heroin she cocaine you know all of my
immediate family aunts uncles had drug
problems and I saw a lot of people who
died a lot of people get shot saw a lot
of prison so a lot of bad a lot of life
loss
can't remember two things that were good
of anything that I saw I think the one
that's on Pennsylvania North is the most
meaningful
I chose Billie Holiday because Billie
Holiday dealt with addiction she had
heard her demons and she was still in my
eyes successful in dealing with that
while I was painting I'll be on I'll be
fully transparent I had never seen an
open-air drug market like the drug
market on Pennsylvania on that corner
and it's a major thoroughfare the eight
years Obama was in the White House how
did things change in West Baltimore they
didn't so however long trumps gonna be
there how are things gonna change in
West Baltimore now again I'm talking
about specific communities I'm not
talking about everyone people get sick
and tired of being sick and tired right
what happened in 2015 was an uprising
with a small portion of gnudi right
after Freddie gray I called the seven
day truce I'm nobody but for seven days
there was no black on black shooting
your real power is where you tell people
not to shoot not where you get people
shot but I gotta have power to tell five
different gangs where they not gonna
shoot at me listen because no one else
with any of these activist groups so any
of these companies can look me in my
eyes and tell me they killed like me and
they did it like me and they sold like
me and they did 18 years in prison like
my father you have a large contingency
in the community that's disenchanted
with politics they don't even pay
attention to it because their day to day
lives are not impacted by I believe
Obama did what he could I didn't have
any unrealistic expectations on the
first so-called black president but
those folks who are really catching hell
I'm gonna catch hell regardless of
losing the presidency for this city to
get better it starts where I started the
getting's I have that only key because
they all know who I am they know I don't
rat they know I have their best interest
they know from the streets they know I
did exactly
they did I don't say peace I don't say
stop the violence I don't say none of
that I say if you really run it you
decide what early is not to shoot in you
decide what areas have suffered enough
you decide whatever your little girl got
shot in that neighborhood traumatized so
now I'm gonna put up no shoots on you
even deal with it or you're gonna get
dealt with it and they listen I'm a
painter so that's kind of what I do so I
have to deal with the reality of life I
can literally see the future of
Baltimore through the eyes of my
students and it does not look good
that's it from this week's rewind if you
want to catch up with the rest of the
film's in the series you can find them
on the rewind page on the Al Jazeera
website but for now until next time
goodbye and thanks for watching
you
