a window into what's being described as
a world of rampant sexual torture and
impunity these drawings were smuggled
out of Emirati run prisons in Yemen made
on plastic plates with Inc detainees
held without charge or trial describe
the humiliation to the Associated Press
news agency one caption in Arabic says
it's real terrorism and another drawing
prisoners being transported in a pickup
truck are naked blindfolded and
handcuffed seven former detainees spoke
to reporters about what they've
witnessed they say rape electrocution
and beatings took place at five
detention centers including at the
Emirati forces headquarters in the
country the UAE mission in Geneva
tweeted that it has never managed or run
prisons or secret detention centers in
Yemen but the accusations don't come as
a surprise in March human rights groups
accused the United Arab Emirates of
making arbitrary arrests in southern
Yemen we have documented in the past
that the UAE is responsible for forced
disappearances torture and arbitrary
detentions for months many residents
demanded to know where their missing
relatives are UAE military commanders in
Yemen have repeatedly denied running
secret prisons there after reporting the
Hadi government set up a committee to
investigate but the UAE has continued to
flatly deny any role in abuse against
detainees but abuses continue we know
that and prisoners have repeatedly
started hunger strikes to protest bat
treatment the three-year war in Yemen
has caused a complete breakdown of law
and order especially in the south where
militias operate beyond the control of
the courts and the internationally
recognized government in addition to the
disappearances and torture there have
been reports of executions and
assassinations Dianna kerim aljazeera
