I'm Malika Bilal and you're in the
stream for thousands of immigrants to
the United States the American Dream has
turned into a nightmare more than 2000
children have been separated from their
parents as the government of President
Donald Trump enforces a zero-tolerance
policy on undocumented immigrants and
I'm Ahmed Javed Dean today we'll hear
stories from the detention centers and
ask immigration experts to weigh in and
of course we want to hear from all of
you join us in our YouTube chat
the Democrats forced that law upon our
nation I hate it I hate to see
separation of parents and children
pictures of children and minors and
cages and heart-wrenching stories of
families torn apart continue to emerge
and provoke outrage protests are growing
louder and crossing party lines but
despite the outcry recent polls show
that the policy is supported by many and
Trump's core Republican base the
president has signed an executive order
to stop separation of families but how
are the lives of immigrants from Mexico
Guatemala Honduras and El Salvador being
affected we spoke to some people on the
streets of Washington DC to get their
thoughts I just think our politicians
should get together and stop this
administration from separating families
and doing things are completely against
the values of the United States
I definitely also hope that this
conversations surrounding this
particular policy accepts it's so
emotional and it's gotten a lot of
people's attention will continue to hold
people's attention and the larger public
so that they can start thinking about
like other pieces of immigration policy
rather than just kind of having like an
attention span that's dedicated to the
a very emotional issue that involves
children but like gets the conversation
going about
I personally feel like I was in a
position of leadership pertaining to
immigration I would never let something
like this happen you know families like
I a family's allowed to think it's very
important and if I their being separated
is terrible
now I'm from Texas and so I can only
imagine how hard it be how just just the
natural conditions of what it would be
like staying in places like that so that
is now I'm not very well versed about
but I can only imagine that their
conditions are terrible and so whatever
is being done in these separation areas
or the places the kids are staying I
hope that they're having access to water
to cool temperatures and things of that
man joining us to talk about this Holly
Cooper co-director of the immigration
law clinic at the University of
California Davis
Erica Pinero is policy and litigation
director at otro lado in Tijuana Mexico
and bridgett Cambria is an immigration
attorney in Oakland California at aldea
people's justice the people's justice
center I want to start with a clip and
welcome to you all I want to give our
viewers a glimpse of what the Trump
administration's zero-tolerance policy
has meant for one family in particular
meet one-year-old
Matteo separated from his father who was
legally seeking asylum in the US it took
three months before the boy was allowed
to reunite with his mother shown here in
a video captured by filmmaker melona but
delt have a look
following use law hosi turned himself in
at the border to ask for asylum he
presented his identification and a son's
birth certificate immigration officials
claimed he was not the father and kept
them in detention Matteo was in 1500
miles away to the office of refugee
resettlement
no I mean
you can party sassy Mira quien viene oh
yeah
I have en la mera i bharata pirata y
mira Marte
and America heartbreaking video there I
think the saddest part is seeing the
look in his mother's eyes and also her
younger son when he realizes that his
little brother doesn't recognize him how
are Matteo and his family doing today
well Matteo is still having a lot of
emotional and behavioral issues
resulting from the separation of his
family and actually when he was returned
to his mother he was infested with lice
and filthy his mother tells me that it
looked like he hadn't been bathed with
soap in months and so now he's just now
starting to trust his mother again
unfortunately his father is still
detained at the otai Mesa Detention
Facility in San Diego we've tried to
arrange for a visit twice and both times
the children were not led into the
detention facility the first time we
tried was actually Andres birthday he
was so excited to see his father and
then had to open his birthday presents
in the parking lot of the facility on
the second time they told us the
children had not been cleared I'm not
really sure what kind of clearance
process ice needs for a two-year-old and
a five-year-old but the fact is they
have not been allowed to see their
father since they were separated from
him in November of 2017 you know I'm
hearing you describe you know the
condition of the family the shock but
also the physical condition and the
torture essentially or you know the
effect on the boy I should say Geronimo
Saldana like many people on Twitter
saying from the articles I've read on
the issue all of the reports coming in
from medical professionals agree that
this experience is incredibly traumatic
and could potentially cause life
long harm on the child of course I meant
trauma not torture earlier but we have a
clinical psychologist who's weighing and
sent us a video comment really outlining
her concerns and what she's doing about
it I'd love to get your thoughts
Brigitte let's let's take a listen I
wrote a letter which has now been signed
by over 9,000 mental health
professionals asking the reader and
ideally this administration to remember
what it is like to be a child to not
only talk about this separation policy
as policy but to actually think about
the children you are being ripped apart
from their parents at the border we are
deeply concerned about the effect that
the separation has on these children's
brains on their general well-being and
on the entire trajectory of their lives
and we are demanding that this policy
stops immediately rigid of course the
executive order was signed but hearing
the psychologist there what comes to
mind well what comes to mind to me is
that I'm a practitioner in family
detention I was brought into family
separation because we heard of
vulnerable cases and started to take
them we know that family detention even
together causes severe trauma to minors
it causes thoughts of suicide it causes
thoughts of helplessness so we see that
in family detention and that's when we
have a family together so imagine I mean
it's hard to even imagine what the
psychological effects would be with a
child torn from a parent and the
instantaneous psychological damage
that's done by that I don't think that
psychologists are going to know until we
see what happens to these two to three
thousand children have been taken what
the exact effects are but I'm sure that
it's going to be startling and I'm sure
that it's going to be a lifelong mmm
Bridgette I want to share with you two
headlines and with our audience of
course because I know you're already
familiar with them this one from the New
York Times inside the former Walmart
that is now a shelter for almost 1,500
migrant children and this is in
Brownsville Texas here's another
headline this from the AAP and this just
recently overnight late last night on
Tuesday night a penis break at least
three shelters set up for child migrants
and they're what's being called tender
age shelters can you explain to us what
you know about these shelters
what kind of provisions are there for
children what's happening inside and
what do they look like well to be honest
these new pop-up detention centers for
children I don't believe that there have
been cameras inside of them
yet I think that the idea of something
called a tender age shelter which is
really a tender age baby jail is is
absolutely horrific and probably against
any kind of values that we hold as human
beings or as Americans I don't
understand how any facility could
possibly be licensed that contains
minors as young as an infant I would
pretty much guarantee that they probably
are not licensed for that purpose
additionally if you have a tent city for
minors I have absolutely no idea how any
state could possibly license a facility
like that and that is a requirement if
you're going to detain children and
something that I'm very terrified about
today with an executive order from the
Trump administration is are they going
to remove those very simple protections
for minors protections that include
avoiding prolonged detention and
avoiding being placed into facilities
that are not made to care for children
at all probably you know a lot of people
talking about how this amounts to child
abuse maybe that's why I use the word
torture earlier just trying to imagine
what that would be like and it's really
tough to know because so you know a few
people have been been inside but people
are trying to make sense of why this
happened bringing politics into this on
Twitter families belong together saying
Trump and sessions are using immigration
as an issue to agitate their base for
midterm elections while at the same time
trying to wash their hands of this as
they lie to the American people but
maybe you know the the main question
that remains that is being discussed on
Twitter right here by HD Flores is what
happens to the families who are
separated under the previous policy now
that the order has been signed what can
you tell us about that Holly
well I've been inside I've inspected at
least 20 different children's detention
facilities and their range all the way
from shelter care to juvenile jails or
the office of refugee resettlement is
the entity that detains minors and uses
juvenile jails where the conditions can
include pepper spray can include putting
children into psychiatric treatment
facilities we're seeing a huge amount of
trauma even before this executive order
because there's trauma not only a family
separation but there's the trauma that
detention brings upon a child some
children are locked in cells for the
majority of the day without the right to
education so what we're seeing is when
Trump is saying I'm going to sign an
executive order that ends family
separation what he's really saying is
I'm going to hold children with their
mothers in facilities that don't meet
minimum humanitarian requirements so all
three of our guests have mentioned this
executive order and that's because it
happened just moments before our live
air time take a look at my computer here
this is just a screenshot that I grabbed
as he was about to sign this executive
order this is Trump u.s. immigration
signing this order he said we are
keeping families together
of course this too many people critics
and those who are just observant and
Watchers would say this is a flip-flop
from earlier policy and earlier
announcements from people in the Trump
administration and I want to share with
our viewers exactly what that looks like
have a look yes I am considering in
order to deter more movement along this
terribly dangerous Network I am
considering exactly that they will be
well cared for as we deal with their
parents have you been directed to
separate parents from children as a
method of deterrence of undocumented
immigration I have not been directed to
do that for purposes of deterrence no
I'm sure that people are going to be
less likely to bring their kids to
America if they get separated than if
they live together and get released into
the country I would say
due to the Apostle Paul and his clear
and wise command in Romans 13 - oh baby
love the government because God is
obtained ordain the government for his
purposes so why doesn't the president
pick up the phone and change the policy
he said he hates it I think that the
president is trying to do is find a
long-term fix so why don't we have
Congress change the laws to change we
want to solve family separation I don't
want children take it away from parents
it's been going on for 60 years 60 years
nobody's taken care of it nobody's had
the political courage to take care of it
but we're going to take care of it we're
going on going on for a long time how do
you since no one has had the political
courage to take care of it indicating
that he has even though this policy was
enacted underneath his administration
Holly please clarify this for our
American audience and her international
audience you must be scratching their
heads yes it's it's really about
deflecting the issue and
mischaracterizing what's going on so
that he appears to be the hero in the
equation when he's really the villain
and what's happening is that the Flores
settlement that he's in this executive
order seeking to modify has set forth
very basic protections for detained
children to be reunited with their
family members expeditiously and to have
Beatty detained and facilities that have
minimum state licensing requirements and
now what he's saying is that he wants to
you know modify the Flores settlement
agreement it's not clear how but one can
speculate that he'll want to detain
families and children together to create
sort of modern-day internment camps
where children and mothers will be
detained together throughout the the
fruition of their proceedings which is
going to you know have this own
psychological toll on the children for
being detained is is also a harm in
addition to being separated from from
their parents and we go ahead we've
already seen that they've built these
tent cities to detain children and so
the logical next step would be to house
families in those facilities and I also
want to say just you know working on the
border here I don't believe that they're
actually going to stop family separation
the case of Jose that much went this the
family that was featured in the video
you showed earlier caught the attention
of numerous Congress people who held
hearings with the Department of Homeland
Security who denied that they were
separating families when we had proof
that they were in those cases the
Department of Homeland Security claimed
that the
the parents didn't have proof of the
parental relationship when in fact they
were handing over original birth
certificates and passports to the
Department of Homeland Security so I
don't believe they're going to stop
family separation it might be less than
they're doing right now but I don't
believe that they're going to stop it
they're just going to use these post hoc
excuses to try to justify what they're
doing in terms of trying to justify what
they're doing you know a lot of the
comments Malika I have to be honest with
our audience with everyone here it's
really still shock and disbelief even
after this announcement this flip-flop
whatever you want to call it this
announcement by President Trump as big
as it is Richard oku saying separating
families and causing such distress to
children and their parents is simply the
most shocking thing this US
administration has done since its
inception as a parent my stomach keeps
turning can there possibly be a lower
low than this how can any parents
sanction this and you know these might
seem like kind of rhetorical questions
almost but we do have kind of a question
specifically about Jeff Sessions and the
policy moving forward this you know
someone saying Jeff Sessions has a clear
agenda
this is represents the clear agenda for
the Justice Department including ramping
up new ways of criminalizing and
incarcerated people while rolling back
criminal justice and policing reforms
based on what you just said Erika I mean
do you think that that's true that this
is an agenda by this administration and
that's the fight that's going to
continue from here on out absolutely and
this is just one policy of many that is
sought to stem the flow of asylum
seekers especially from Central America
you know the administration has
demonized Central Americans as ms-13
gang members when in fact a lot of these
people are fleeing buying violence
Jeff Sessions recently changed the law
to try to exclude victims of domestic
violence and victims of gang violence
from asylum protections and let's just
you know step back for a second and also
recognize that seeking asylum is legal
immigration so a lot of the rhetoric
going on right now calling these people
illegal immigrants is just absolutely
wrong they have the right to seek asylum
under US law and under international law
whether or not they enter the United
States at a designated port of entry mmm
I'm glad you clarified that because I
want to bring this up here some may see
this as a PR disaster for the United
States and for the administration others
not so much this is via
box and they are citing several polls
Trump's family separation policy is very
unpopular except among some Republicans
one study finds 66% of Americans opposed
it and 27% in favor there are people who
say this will be a deterrent and people
in the administration also have said
that the idea is this will cause the
numbers to decrease even though we've
seen a recent spike in the last few
months bridge and I'm wondering what you
think of the idea of deterrence and the
people in the US population who say our
borders are there for a reason well I
have to agree that I absolutely believe
that the policies of the administration
for family separation family detention
the the whole purpose of what they're
doing is deterrence their ideas if they
punish the people who they have custody
of then they'll they'll stop other
people from coming unfortunately we've
found that's not the case it's never the
case people will not stay in a burning
building if they're if they're in a
burning building and they're their lives
in danger or their children's lives are
in danger they're going to flee and the
administration has clearly enacted
clearly enacted the family separation
policy family detention policy and other
other policies in order to deter people
from seeking asylum in the United States
but it's not going to work in addition
to it not working it's illegal the
government cannot use deterrent policies
against people in their custody to
prevent actions from other people and of
course I was just gonna say we'd have to
prove that that is the policy right that
it was you know a deterrent we saw those
questions asked to the Homeland Security
he had and she denied them she denied
them but other members of the
administration did not deny them and
actually expressly stated them that they
are for deterrent purposes and I think
that there's plenty in the record to
show that it's just one person you know
walking back those comments because they
know legally it's not a good position to
be yes so where do we go from here
because Sean on Twitter is asking you
know what what happens to the families
that have been separated the US
government he says it's still culpable
because they have not put in place a
mechanism of
reuniting the families after separation
or deportation any sense of if if that
is is beginning to happen or will have
to happen or will happen at all well
well let me just tell you one one thing
in the case of some of the families that
we've represented we are suing for the
immediate reunification of children with
their parents in the case we filed for
two boys who have been separated from
their fathers not given any
communication the father's in fact had
no idea where they were the fathers had
no idea even what the identification
number that immigration would use for
them was we had to find that as
attorneys and to be honest most families
who are separated don't have attorneys
so how are they going to find their
children this is a huge problem for the
administration because right now we have
about 3,000 children without parents and
what mechanisms are they going to put to
bring these families together I think
should be their number one priority and
what they should be doing is within the
next 24 hours 48 hours week be
immediately unifying all of these
children who are separated from their
parents with their parents Holly I know
you wanted to jump in there yeah I mean
we're also I mean we have a big concern
because we represent a class the nation
class of children who are detained and a
lot of the children are too young to
even identify to us the families phone
numbers they said biographical
information so we have a big concern
also from the children's perspective is
to how are they going to find their
parents when they want to reach out
because the children's are at such
tender age but they can't meaningfully
articulate basic i identifying
information and orr the office of
refugee resettlement refuses to give us
that information as advocates as lawyers
for the children I wanted to share with
our audience to this Erica we have just
about a minute and the show left but
this is reunite an immigrant parent with
their child and if you've been on
Facebook in the last few days you have
seen this fundraiser for rices they've
raised 12 million dollars to go towards
legal fees and for reunification what
would you tell people watching who want
to do something Erica well definitely
donating
organizations working on the ground Isis
is an excellent organization there are
several other organizations including
Bridget's organization my own the Kino
border initiative etc there's there's
lists out there I think slate put out a
list donating to these organizations
will allow us to hire attorneys to help
these people because as Bridget and
Holly mentioned we have thousands of
children who've been separated from
their parents who have really no other
way to be reunified today I have a
Guatemalan father who's being deported
without his five year old child
if I weren't helping him and trust me
the difficult still to get them reunited
if I were in helping him he'd really
have no way to figure out how to get his
daughter back so those of us working on
the ground we're really gonna put these
resources to good use right you're
hearing from Erika pinata you heard from
Ally Holly Cooper and Bridget Canberra
and of course to our community we have
to leave the conversation they would
thank you for being part of this show
today we'll continue to follow the story
as it develops we'll see you next time
you
