the us work via migrant camp president
tom holds his ground as children are
forcibly separated from their parents at
the Mexican border will be outraged and
international condemnation prompt
immigration reform
what would changes mean for those trying
to start a new life in America
this is inside story
hello and welcome to the show I'm
Sammy's day than Donald Trump's under
fire for his zero tolerance approach to
migrants who crossed the border without
proper documents his policy is simple
jail the parents take their kids away
but it blames the Democrats for that and
says the law needs to be changed and
Congress is expected to discuss two
bills this week so what can we expect
we'll talk to our guests about that
shortly but first shocking images have
emerged of children being held in Y
cages sitting on concrete floors
separated from their parents an audio
recording said to capture the sounds of
them crying at the detention center is
also circulating hi did Joe Castro's
report now from Washington DC the
children are heard crying for their Mama
and Papa over and over and over again
this audio recording released by a civil
rights lawyer reportedly comes from the
inside of a u.s. Border Patrol detention
facility it purports to be the first
uncensored glimpse of what children
forcibly separated from their parents at
the border are experiencing at the hands
of the American government
this is so heartbreaking it's soap
challenges the conscience of our country
that it must be changed must be changed
immediately the Trump administration has
separated at least 2,000 children from
their parents since mid-april the kids
are sent to detention centers to wait
asylum hearings while the adults are
processed through the criminal system
sentenced and sometimes deported they
are fleeing such horrific violence and
rape the kinds of conditions that every
single one of us would run from in order
to protect our children and our families
responding to the growing criticism from
Democrats and civil rights leaders Trump
remained defiant in a tweet the
president referenced the refugee crisis
overseas falsely claiming crime in
Germany is way up big mistake
all over Europe and allowing millions of
people in who have so strongly and
violently changed their culture in fact
the number of crimes in Germany last
year fell to the lowest in 25 years
but administration officials further
defended the hardline border measure
with homeland security secretary Kirsten
Nielsen's putting the blame back on the
immigrant parents parents who entered
illegally are by definition criminals
illegal entry is a crime as determined
by Congress by entering our country
illegally often in dangerous
circumstances illegal immigrants have
put their children at risk Republicans
insist Democrats must join them to fund
a trumps border wall and drastically
reduced the number of legal immigrants
admitted to the country Trump says as
long as Democrats resist the border
separations will continue
Heidi Joe Castro al Jazeera Washington
well is there a federal law which allows
for children and parents to be separated
at the border so go look at that one
then there's the Flores settlement
agreement from 1997 and an
anti-trafficking law signed by former
President George W Bush in 2006 both
govern how children are treated at the
border but it's how they're being
interpreted which is the main point of
contention Donald Trump says there are
loopholes and it's up to Congress to fix
them to stop the breakup of families
controversy began when Attorney General
Jeff Sessions announced in May a new
policy of stricter rules at the border
for illegal crossings parents were
jailed and their children taken away
former President Barack Obama had
previously set up family detention
centers where children and their parents
could be held together but in response
to a lawsuit a judge ruled the Flores
settlement also prohibited children from
being detained with their parents let's
bring our guests into the show we have
joining us from Philadelphia Joe Watkins
a Republican political strategist in New
York
Lincoln Mitchell a political analyst and
in Mount Dora Florida by Skype David
Ward a retired Border Patrol agent
welcome to all let's start with Joe then
the scenes have been harrowing haven't
they do you think they'll prompt
Congress into action and find a solution
well clearly this is a midterm election
year in the United States and so every
seat in the Congress that is the US
House of Representatives is up for
re-election and that many US Senate
seats are up for reelection as well so
Congress may feel some pressure to do
something because some of the seats may
be affected by how they stand in this
issue although I'm doubtful that anybody
would lose their seat over this issue
although it's right now dominating the
news Lindsey Graham lose the seat over
this issue explain that part to us Joe
there's often a lot of skepticism and
pessimism about whether a congressman
wants to quote-unquote take a risk to
try and fix this why well because
members of Congress want to keep their
seats and so oftentimes they want to
test how their constituents
feel about a matter obviously this is a
matter that has bothered a lot of people
Republicans and Democrats because it
seems to be so inhumane and it's caused
the first lady of Melania Trump to speak
out about its cost caused former first
lady Laura Bush to speak out to write an
op-ed piece strongly condemning the
policy and obviously there are Democrats
or Republicans that think that this is a
terrible policy the president on the
other hand has said that it's up to
Democrats to fix it to work with
Republicans to fix it and he's using it
somewhat as leverage to try to get in
put in place the immigration policies
that he'd like to see along with the
building of that wall between Mexico and
the United States Senator Lindsey Graham
from South Carolina says that this is a
problem that can be fixed by the
president by executive order by the
president's pen alone but the president
and the White House staff choose to say
that it's a matter for Congress to solve
and especially for Democrats all right
hang in I could see that David was
shaking his head I guess in disagreement
all throughout the first part of the
show so let me give you a chance David
to bring in your perspective you know
the press and the media and the
politicians have got their camera time
to dramatize something that has been
going on for years and years and years
all because of their inability to get
the job done
Congress sits there and passes laws they
give the job to the Border Patrol and
ice to go out and do it and then they
don't support it this problem could be
solved very easily and quickly we could
stop the children being separated from
their parents we could stop the deaths
that happened every single day on that
border and smuggling loads and
everything else if we would put border
security in but these can't these
congressmen are totally against securing
our border for whatever purpose they
have whether it be their little fiefdoms
their lobbyists whatever the case might
be they refuse to do the will of the
people and this for the day there are
two bills which Congress is looking at
right now isn't that in the whole point
of me to try it and so yes there are
bills passed but conversation back the
reality in 86 I mean okay let me give
Lincoln a chance to weigh in go ahead I
mean I'm gonna say something I never say
but Lindsey Graham is right this
policy of separating children from their
parents has not been going on for years
it started a couple months ago but the
reason it started a couple months ago is
because did you work because the Trump
administration what would you my good is
separate so now you're gonna add okay
are you David
going on international television the
Bechet and what did you ever do my job
come on let's have a conversation here
like thoughtful adults for goodness sake
we started doing this two months ago
because the Trump administration wanted
to that's not a controversial statement
that's not a partisan statement that's
reality yes it is true that the
Republican Party that controls both
houses of Congress and the White House
could pass a bunch of laws to address
immigration reform and you're right they
don't seem to want to do that but this
particular issue I'm not talking about
border security more broadly I'm not
talking about this surreal idea of
building a wall I'm talking about does
the United States want to continue to be
a country where we take children away
from their parents on the border if we
want to continue if we don't want to
continue doing that we can go back to
the policies we had three months ago
this is an executive order Kachinas
David David's been at the border some
may or may not act
let me give David a chance cuz he's been
working at the border he has a slightly
different perspective of when this
problem started go ahead David on on why
you think this an issue a problem that
was just created the mechanics of things
we have two issues here we have a port
aventurine then we have everything
between ports of entry people that come
in to the ports of entry with their
families and children are not separated
period they're not separated they are
applying for asylum legally they're
coming here as requests these refugees
to come to the United States the problem
we have on the southern border right now
and we're over 250,000 arrests right now
down on our southern border it's what's
happening between the ports of entry
these are people that are coming to eat
legally getting apprehended by the
Border Patrol and then put in temporary
detention until their cases are brought
to an immigration judge usually no more
than 72 hours the children from that
point are put into care
hang on baggage there is a difference
Lincoln does have a point the way that
those people who are entering the border
without proper documentation was
different until Jeff Sessions the
Attorney General began the new the new
policy right this is not the way what
you're outlining is not the way it has
always been done for years I understand
that but it has happened on several
occasions in past history with the
Border Patrol that there would be a no
tolerance policy of illegal entry and
for thirty to sixty to ninety days a
program was in place where people were
arrested and charged for illegal entry
that's 8 USC 1325 it is a crime to come
to the country now we do need Congress
to do something with the bills that they
have but in the past we have had amnesty
granted to aliens and then the other
side of the bill the enforcement Park
has never been enforced this happened
back in 1986 now we have this problem
where people are being promised daca
which enhances people to come into or
entices people to come into the United
States illegally for a part of that daca
program to stop at this we need to have
a secure border and then look at the
ordinary I'll give Lincoln a quick
combat ahead would agree on a lot I
think mr. Ward and I would agree on a
lot I think we both realize there are
problems with the immigration system we
both think it is wrong people are
entering that are not ports of entry
that's a real problem I don't disagree
with you on that but if we're going to
talk specifically about this policy
let's stay focused on this policy which
is not a long-standing policy which is
something that could be easily reversed
by a long span and to blame this on the
democratic of the Democrats in Congress
no separating children from their
parents and putting them in tournament
camps is not a long-standing policy
Somali bring let me bring the show let
me bring Joe and this time the president
Joe as I mentioned Congress is looking
at a couple of bills but do either of
them have an alternative mechanism a
solution that will prevent the sort of
scenes we've been seeing
of parents and children being separated
at the border I can't speak with
specificity on that so I'm not sure that
either of those two bills remedy in the
way that that all of us would like to
see well that's pretty whines it doesn't
seem that again they're all about
whether any of these bills would help
prevent the scenes what we're seeing at
the border isn't that worrying well it
is worrying of course but the devil is
always in the details I mean there are
lots of bills that are passed by
Congress but many congressmen members of
Congress don't even read the bill that
are passed and the devil is always in
the details it's this fine print it's
the it's the and the way in which the
language is interpreted that really
determines whether or not the issue is
remedied once and for all
we've had other legislation in the past
it's been well-meaning that's and and
unfortunately it's ended up having a
consequence is much different than the
ones intended so the challenge here is
to is to fix the problem Lindsey Graham
as I said earlier said that the
executive or presidential executive
order could change this upon a
pronouncement from the president an
executive order from the president could
fix this problem in one fell swoop
without having to leave it to the House
of Representatives in the US Senate to
fix it but nonetheless there are bills
in place to try to remedy it I've not
read the fine print so I don't know if
the fine print actually provides the
remedy that we would all like to see
where kids are currently being separated
from their parents then can everybody is
pointing the finger at each other saying
the you know the White House could fix
this Congress could fix this at the end
of the day I mean are we literally
seeing people parents and children in
their faiths being held hostage to
political battles over whether we get
funding for a wall or what we are we are
almost literally we are we are almost
literally seeing that this is kind of a
political shakedown from the White House
we're going to create this problem and
then if the Democrats don't do what we
want to do on some related but but
different pieces of legislation we're
going to keep this problem if the
problem is the children being separated
from their parents and put in places
that are not homes and the parents don't
know about this if that is the problem
that can be solved by a presidential
order if if we as a country think that
is not a problem well then we just go on
with our lives
but I think many Americans whether they
are Democrats Republicans or neither
think that is a problem it is a human
rights violation
it is a staying on our conscious it is a
represents when it's the worst of
America rather than which could be the
best of America and the president could
solve that yes Congress could also pass
a bill but this Congress under its
current leadership and I very much agree
with my colleague in Florida has had a
very hard time passing anything so we
could wait around for that or the
president and his Justice Department and
his DHS could solve a problem they
created they've chosen not to do that
that's the political reality whether or
not Congress will act or can act is the
question and we don't know the answer
yet David if this sort of political
situation continues what does that mean
for the southern border and for the
people that well it's gonna continue
it's gonna be it's gonna continue being
out of control and it's out of control
we have agents that are now babysitters
in these so-called internment camps that
my friend Lincoln has described which
they're not we have agents doing
anything but working the border and we
need to have Border Patrol agents on the
border protecting our country and it has
to be an enhanced wall on the board to
keep people from coming in and
endangering themselves in the first
place as far as the children that this
this drama that's been going on with the
cages everything most of those people
who may shop at the border and even if
they don't have the correct documents
one to claim asylum for example or
escape domestic abuse in addition to
having the obligation to protect the
border do Border Patrol agents not also
have legal and international legal
obligations to process people who say
I'm here because I need refuge okay I
understand that but one thing that the
press and everybody else doesn't
understand I hear it all the time it's
Border Patrol Border Patrol poor virtual
the ports of entry is operated by CPP
operations the old customs inspectors
and IAS inspectors it's not Border
Patrol
those agents at the ports of entry are
responsible for taking these people in
that are claiming asylum processing them
and then turn them over to a
dude occasion officers for asylum those
people are held in detention at times in
family residences now what we're talking
about where all this hysteria is going
is what's happening between the ports of
entry where the Border Patrol is
responsible for protecting our border we
have aliens that come in they don't turn
themselves in to the Border Patrol they
run and when they get caught then the
Border Patrol has a responsibility to
ensure that one the children actually
belong to these people which over 8,000
kids that have been apprehended we're
not with the real parents
they were bargained and this is all part
of a thing that the cartels have and
people need to understand there's a lot
more insidious things going on in that
border and all these children coming in
then the press would like you to believe
it is very insidious over what's going
on down it's great to have your
perspective David and I only to probe
you a little further though and say for
those situations where people show up
and they're trying to get in they're
trying to run they're not trying to
register themselves initially if some of
them then subsequently claim asylum are
they getting that fair chance to make
their case in a policy or a climate of
the immediate detention at the border
we've heard mass trials and the sorts of
pictures frankly that we've seen of kids
being held by walls cages you know I
mean what is actually happening to
people who may have tried to get in the
wrong way but have asylum claims or
refugee refugees okay I understand that
and that does happen that the aliens
that come in illegally across our border
will approach a Border Patrol agent and
claim asylum we have a lot of middle
east in different countries like that
have done that matter of fact we just
had several Pakistan or Bangladeshis
chem on the southern border that claim
the same thing well what we have here is
aliens that tried to abscond into the
United States to get to the sanctuary
cities or wherever they might be going
and eventually they get caught in these
smuggling loads they have to be held
somewhere and there since there's such a
mass number of people we have had to
convert buildings
as a detention facility for a 72-hour
period until we can sort things out when
children are held in these so called
cages are you happy with how they're
being sorted out though currently David
tooth to the degree yes what are we
supposed to do just come out the bulwark
I mean with kids being separated and
being held behind fences there aren't
vital for their mums in that there are
children being there are children being
separated you have a children's section
you have an adults section you have a
transsexual section you have all these
different sections and these detention
centers where the aliens are sorted out
they're given medical exams they're
given vaccinations if they need them
they're fed three times a day that given
a cot until they can sort out with the
HHS as to where they're going to be
housed from this point on now these
cages that everybody has been clamouring
about were staged there was an operation
by people that were against detaining
aliens that had a dog cage set up on the
on a sidewalk in Dallas and there's a
couple pictures floating around with a
child held in this cage that was staged
that's not the facilities we're talking
about that maybe they're not suggesting
or the pictures and recordings and
images and videos that you come out from
American media even visiting centers in
the south of Texas are all fake tans did
you see any cages you saw very large
structures of chain-link to keep people
in a certain location so they can be
separated they're not in cages per se
it's just what's the difference between
that and a jail
these people have violated the law
they're being sorted out many of them
across this that's perhaps the problem
or for me some are suggesting let's take
the point perhaps to Lincoln I'm glad
we've got got you back so basically I
mean the point that David is making is
people need to be processed that's the
best that can be done they're not being
held in cages that that's fake David
it's not the job of the Border Patrol to
act as immigration attorneys or
immigration judges I do understand that
however let's be clear the question of
whether a child when it is put when it
is taken away from its parent is put in
a cage or an internment camp or a
chain-link facility either way it
doesn't really matter either way it's
inhumane I mean that seems
me to be a basic principle to say this
problem is not solvable the problem of
what we do about our southern border big
picture problem difficult to solve not
helped by a demagogue who in the White
House but it's a big picture problem but
this question of what do we do about
this specific problem this wasn't a
problem three months ago we know the
answer to this question we've chosen not
to answer it why have we chosen not to
answer it for a whole lot of reasons one
is that Donald Trump still wants this
wall and yes to use your words there is
an element of these young children being
used as political hostages that is that
is part of what's going on here but to
get into this this mishegoss to use a
technical term about these are being
staged and it's the media I mean these
are just kind of generic talking points
that people use when they don't like
have a reality this is the reality my
chance if we could we haven't heard from
him look the optics of this frankly not
very good right now for Republicans with
their eyes on the midterm elections
right Joe now I'm wondering how much
support is there within the Republican
Party for the Trump administration's
stance on this well the president right
now is coming off of successful meetings
with the North Korean leader that nobody
thought would ever take place and he is
at an all-time high in terms of his
approval rating among Republicans close
to 90% about 87 percent approval among
Republicans right now so he has a lot of
support among the Republican base and
for as the president looks to not only
the midterms but to the 20/20 into
re-election he's got as opposed whether
or not he has made good on his promise
it's one of the key platforms of his
2016 campaign for the presidency was was
building a wall and doing something
about the immigration problem the flow
of said JCP doesn't feels much legally
pressurized so more take any action and
we're going to continue to see perhaps
those sorts of pictures of kids in
distress at borders and indeed to
David's point that I think balled up
their 12 guards left with a problem that
they can't solve on their own either
well it may it may it may may go on for
a mane there may be a burden on Border
Patrol agents for the short term
at the end of the day the president is
going to continue to use this issue as
leverage to get his immigration policies
into place and while the optics may not
be be very very good and clearly it
doesn't leave a good taste in the mouths
of many Democrats and Republicans the
president's going to continue to argue
that he's looking at the big picture and
for Border Patrol agents like David who
say that there's a need for an enhanced
wall on the southern border he's
speaking that language a language that
they understand he's saying that
something has to be done about it and
this is his way of forcing the hand of
Congress to do something about it so
it's not very pretty it's not something
that many Americans are comfortable with
including former First Lady's like
Rhonda Bush at the end of the day the
president sees us as a as a useful way
to force the issue
I can see Lincoln is still shaking his
head gentlemen time has flown
unfortunately there's plenty more for us
to discuss on this but I'm afraid we are
out of time let's thank our guest then
Joe Watkins Lincoln Mitchell and David
Ward and thank you too for watching you
can see the show again any time by
visiting our website aljazeera.com for
further discussion head over to our
Facebook page
that's facebook.com forward slash AJ
Inside Story you can also join the
conversation on twitter our handle is at
aj inside story from me Sammy's a man
and the whole team here for now is
goodbye
you
