a lot of these people carried very
little with them and when they arrived
at these camps they had very little mark
crash I may be retired but after 34
years teaching he is right at home in
front of a classroom these days the
lesson is empathy you can live here you
can live there maybe that's as he
attempts to help refugees from a country
and a conflict these sixth graders know
little about Syria but after some photos
of the bombed out city of Aleppo and a
video about life in a refugee camp in
Jordan they're ready to help in whatever
way they can I don't think that anyone
should go through what they went through
especially a kid it makes me really
grateful for everything that I have
we actually earned over this boy and
some friends raised 168 dollars in
donations actually makes me really
really happy because it's so great that
so many people wanted to help
Raja has been collecting extra books and
school supplies from new york city
schools for years and shipping them to
underprivileged ones in africa but this
year he decided the syrian refugee
crisis was too big to ignore and teamed
up with the united muslim relief
organization for what could be his
largest single relief drive yet so you
want kids to be empowered to be global
citizens you want them to understand the
world's problems and to act and also
gets Americans to understand what the
refugee crisis is all about and identify
with it which i think is critically
important to also students parents and
teachers answered the call lining up one
Saturday morning to deliver what they
collected nearly 50 schools took part in
the drive each one responsible for
collecting a different item school
supplies clothing or blankets the goal
was to fill a trailer they've done that
and more with the overflow at one point
the cars stretched down the street yeah
no no we'll get another containers
that's where we're gonna put this stuff
before we get another Gatan the campaign
was such a success they're trying to
replicate it in city school districts
nationwide Kristen salumi al Jazeera New
York
