25 million tons of plastic waste is
produced by Europe each year in France
alone 5 billion plastic cups are thrown
away annually like many other countries
across the world
France faces a monumental plastic waste
problem and this is driving a growing
number of campaigners and entrepreneurs
to challenge the way that plastic is
used and made will they be able to end
the country's dependence on this
all-pervasive material 25% of all
plastic is recycled in France with the
rest ending up in landfills or worse
illegally dumped
I'm meeting counselor and environmental
campaigner Irish Darrin Bosch at one of
the many tips surrounding Paris don't
worry by MDC Tooley plastic sampling is
a problem second I caught three infected
a metallic limit the material
it won't sit back for a nap I see absurd
yeah reduce Emilia so media use that
plastic is so dilapidated moon new house
on out were twice Thank You media say
nam some of everything one force on the
mill channels securely stripper machine
Deportivo no de sac in certain demos own
knowledge super magenta model is not to
the ones pourquoi Pascoe una se doctrine
she said evolution ecology
Frances 2015 ban is a good start to
encourage people to reduce their
reliance on plastic but the next target
is 2020 when the country will be the
first to ban single-use items like
plastic cups plates and cutlery so I'm
embarking on a road trip around France
to find out how ready industry and
people are for the changes ahead first
stop some roadside services
so I just stopped to get some water and
a coffee its plastic everywhere
one thing is clear it's going to take
serious innovation to wean us of
plastics but on the beach in San malar
there's a possible solution David Cote
manages algo Peck a startup creating
plastic from seaweed so why is seaweed
good as a plastics alternative great
advantage of seaweed is renewable and
it's unlimited we don't need to Arvest
seaweed on the field and it's a fully
biodegradable you go back to the sea
what is it about seaweed scientifically
the make up what is it that makes Italy
what is good in seaweed is the polymer
chain which is very similar to the
polymer chain you can find in the oil
based plastics petroleum-based polymers
are long chains of carbon atoms bonded
together these are produced
synthetically deformed conventional
plastic but they can also be made from a
wide range of biomaterials like
vegetable oil or
unki like seaweed David has asked me to
help him to collect the brown variety
which also happens to be a non-native
species the real idea that we have is to
take the seaweed which is invasive which
is a pollution in fact and which is at
the date of today burnt sorry this can
be a plastics alternative so it's not
gonna be a plastic it's gonna be a
material be obeys the free Bo based
material which will have certain
characteristics similar to plastics how
gopac started in 2010 and each year they
sell 40 tons of a hundred percent
bioplastic made from hundreds of tons of
seaweed
here it is our treasure Xavi a limite a
is in charge of production at the plant
what are the other ingredients that are
in this VAT so bad to be done young for
me dude or say looks like what fair so
Xavi is playing this one close to his
chest it is commercially sensitive after
all and from where I stand the process
looks involved first the seaweed is
turned into something that looks like
play-doh before it's dried in an oven
for 15 hours after that it's pulverized
this batch here is destined to become
flowerpots what exactly does this
machine do Tapia to you a depression
from the additional program in family
mum - suela transformice omelette poodle
oh material silly there we go straight
to the garden center we have 16 small
flower pots
how long does something like this take
to decompose it can take up to 4 months
12 months depending as well on the
coating that we can provide if this was
a plastic for how long with that egg to
decompose
500 years it will last 500 years in the
nature so you're looking at 500 years
against four months do you see a gap in
the market for your products the law
will give a room in the market but this
room should be at the same price 98% of
the people are ready to go for something
which is greener which is better for the
environment but at the same price right
now I'll go pack is the more expensive
option for consumers but David's hopeful
that in 12 to 18 months they can step up
production to offer products that are
only 15 percent more expensive than
mentioning plastics the seaweed
alternative to plastic was really
impressive but there are limitations
commercial viability is super important
thing but if these can be overcome
I think it's got potential with the ban
looming startups around France are
experimenting with plastic alternatives
from materials like milk and cornstarch
I'm off to see another venture in sant
Nicola Moo Flay is an engineer who
recently has developed what he calls the
vegan bottle from an ingredient found in
most of our cupboards in its refined
form what is this product that you want
to show us it should be okay sugar cane
yes how do you turn this into this
Philip lamia it taps a capacity of the
chemistry moveaway cfml
Tommy granulate Kerr was already plastic
mason you plastic unphysical annually or
well it comes from a particular scene
paper almond give a new permit the
fabric a different boot a mercy an
example during boot a a party or do like
an as you can confirm it is it not
atrazine follow Geum where does the
sugar cane come from Indonesia right and
who does the transformation from the
sugar cane to these pallets here Paula
coming right up
say Fernanda Lizzy yeah player falls on
transforms are those are nouveau
component and will gradually pop welfare
system on no pay for a new boot a as
that the other plans
Nicola is guarding his formula closely I
can see why the results look good so
it's actually a food product yes so if I
finished my juice in this bottle wait
and I want to dispose of it I don't
necessarily need to put it in the
plastics waste you put it in the food
waste
Oh mister I think you're more of a Curie
nish élémentaire folks that's what
compost 8kq moi ample one dose Simois CC
dozen composter on this trailer for this
bad hormone monitor that's
amazing but to reduce the need to grow
and transport sugarcane I can't help
feeling it would be better to simply
reuse them nevertheless Nikolai's vegan
bottles are a success his had orders for
two million last year and expects even
more for 2018 but like the seaweed
packaging these bottles are more
expensive than conventional plastic 25%
more expensive to be precise so could
something like this really take off so
I'm here in beautiful flourish Elle and
I've been told this cafe sells the
sugarcane bottles I'm curious to know if
anyone can tell the difference or if it
even matters to them so does this look
like plastic to you the secret and how
does it feel to know that it's not
plastic but does that affect your
decision to purchase these types of
bottles of course it's good to purchase
something and be able to be good for
this environment that was an
overwhelmingly positive response and it
gives me lots of hope for the future but
is it really going to be so easy to rid
ourselves of plastics I'm heading back
to Paris to meet up again with activist
Arash to find out what he thinks we are
pushed up in of the future these are a
magnet on beef of Slav the removal
devalues anybody search your series of
cookies
yeah okay nothing like the city swap new
dean and Buchan applause okay fool good
a politic these lobby know me what will
they do after water issues Francis ban
is a significant step in the right
direction it will take bold political
moves like this plus ingenuity and
better choices on everyone's part to
make plastic a thing of the past
