starke photos provided by Customs and
Border Protection show the inside of a
Border Patrol processing center where
many immigrant children and families
spend their first night in the United
States and it only gets worse from there
often with little warning the children
are then taken from their parents and
sent to detention centers alone we have
heard of children being physically
pulled from the arms of their parents
nursing babies being separated from
their mothers children with disabilities
being taken from their parents and most
recently a distraught father Tuesday to
take his own life rather than live apart
from his children
concerned Democrats from Congress
demanded access to the government
shelters where some 2,000 children are
currently being held by the Trump
administration they were allowed a brief
tour Sunday those kids inside who had
been separated from their parents are
already being traumatized doesn't matter
whether the floor is swept and the
bedsheets tucked in tight what matters
is that kids have been separated
unnecessarily from their parents
protests is growing against the
president's zero tolerance policy that
seeks to prosecute every adult caught
entering the country illegally adults
are sent to Criminal Court but children
are set on a different legal path in the
immigration system now a former Walmart
store with blacked out windows and tents
are the children's homes in a rare
public critique of her husband's policy
the office of first lady Melania Trump
an immigrant herself released a
statement mrs. Trump hates to see
children separated from their families
and hopes both sides of the aisle can
finally come together to achieve
successful immigration reform it reads
she believes we need to be a country
that follows all laws but also a country
that governs with heart but Trump
supporters like Steve Bannon remain
unapologetic zero tolerance it's a crime
to come across illegally and children
get separated I mean I hate to say it
that's that's the law and he's enforcing
the law meanwhile the chaos
along the border has turned more deadly
five immigrants died in a fiery crash
while trying to flee Border Patrol a
reminder of the desperation to reach a
better life Heidi Joe Castro al Jazeera
Washington
