women of the future I hope they have
listened to us and allow you to live
free from worry Heather Thompson is
writing a letter to the daughters she
may one day have describing a world she
hopes will be different from her own for
me it said like generally go out on a
night out and not have to worry about
being harassed Thompson is among
hundreds of visitors to Washington's
Hirshhorn Museum penning letters to the
next generation of women to future women
is a six-month pop-up art installation
inspired by the women's March of 2017
visitors write letters then tape them to
a window overlooking the mall where
marchers met in Washington last year
when I was a little Easter egg letters
to my future self because I thought it
would be kind of cool the project is the
brainchild of artist Georgia sax will be
who says her participation in the March
inspired her to communicate to the young
women of tomorrow I want future women to
know that we were thinking of them and
that we understood that the changes we
want for them as a culture that we
acknowledge our role today in creating
those changes the letters here really
run the gamut in this letter a woman
writes to her daughters that she hopes
in 20 years the glass ceiling is
permanently shattered and in other
letters women talk about hoping to live
in a world where they don't have to live
in fear men are encouraged to contribute
letters as well chris beard says his two
daughters inspired him to write about a
world with unlimited opportunities I
don't ever want them to be held back I
don't ever want them to feel like
they're less for any reason
sax will be hopes to collect up to three
thousand letters they'll be archived and
opened in 2037 on the 20th anniversary
of the women's March sack silly thinks
the time span is long enough for real
change to happen and short enough for
the next generation of women to
appreciate the accomplishments of those
who came before them
Diane Estabrook al Jazeera Washington
