the fire lit up the night sky over
Glasgow the blaze consuming one of the
city's most celebrated buildings for the
second time in four years Glasgow School
of Art was in flames we saw a lot of
flames largely hopped out porta
the firemen saying it so far doesn't
they salvaged enemy absorption it's
hovering this school was undergoing a
multi-million dollar restoration in 2014
part of the art nouveau building
designed by renowned Scottish architect
Charles Rennie Mackintosh was destroyed
in another fire
many students lost all their work more
than a hundred firefighters tackled this
latest blaze it's a devastating loss to
a building that I don't know if it can
be replaced but people are safe and
they'll take some comfort in that police
and fire authorities will be conducting
a full investigation there's a sense of
disbelief that one of Glasgow's best
beloved buildings has again been
devoured by fire diana Karam al-jazeera
