it is not believing that plastic waste
can be found on every beach in the world
from the business beaches to the most
isolated and uninhabited islands now no
shoreline is untouched by plastic
pollution and if the current rate of
global production continues there could
be more plastic than fish by weight in
our seas by 2050 here in British
Columbia people have decided enough is
enough and are taking strides to stop
the tragic destruction of our ocean
ocean legacy is a local foundation whose
aim is to tackle the growing problem of
plastic pollution along the 25,000
kilometers of coastline here Chloe
Dubois is one of the founders the
British Columbia coast is made up of
deep inlets and rugged Island shorelines
so helicopter travel isn't just a
joyride it's essential
today we're headed to the climate sound
and one of the 40,000 Islands that dot
the coastline here these terrains are a
bit tricky it's really hard to tell just
how much debris is actually here because
of the logs and rocks we could spend
years cleaning this island alone it's
being estimated that there's about five
point two five trillion pieces of
plastic in the ocean right now and a lot
of those pieces are free to move
wherever they want around the planet
aside from you know the unsightly mess
of pollution on these gorgeous beaches
what kind of problems do plastic
pollution cause when plastic reaches our
oceans it tends to act as little sponges
so any chemicals that are in the water
it will begin to absorb these chemicals
in the plastic pieces and this is very
toxic and very dangerous for marine life
every day we're finding the new animal
or whale that's been washed ashore with
stomachs full of plastic given the
amount of plastic here I'm not surprised
wildlife is suffering yeah you can tell
this is an old refrigerator there's no
way we could make a dent cleaning this
beach by ourselves
fortunately reinforcements are on the
way
many here come from different local
environmental groups overall there are
5,000 volunteers to call upon across the
region but with so much coastline to
monitor Chloe and her team rely on
tip-offs posted on the ocean legacy
website to prioritize the most crucial
locations flip-flops I found like 40
flip-flops are near fair yeah so these
are bear claw marks here in the foam
because it smells fishy so when it
washes up on shore the wildlife is
searching for food and mistakes the
styrofoam for being its food source once
collected the plastic is readied for
transport back to the mainland I am
going to learn how to sling or attach
one of these super sacks and to a hook
at the base of the helicopter started
can lift it out of here since ocean
legacy started the team have collected
over five tons of plastic off islands
like this and they're keeping most of it
out of landfills too but what happens to
the plastic they collect Chloe's invited
me back to the recycling center in
Vancouver to find out what's the next
step in the process we take all of these
random hard plastic items and we're
gonna shred them up
the fragments will then be sold on to
companies who will breathe new life into
them
styrofoam will become picture frames
beach huts and picnic benches while bits
of old tires will hit the road again as
new tires ocean legacy is even starting
to engage high street companies such as
lush cosmetics who are using recycled
plastic for their signature packaging so
in order to make the black pots we've
needed to turn this material basically
into something that looks like this so
it's still a very small project but
we're looking now in our organization to
grow this much larger to engage more
industry and more cleanup groups so that
we can help create an economic value for
these materials they're organized as a
nonprofit foundation which means that
all their profits get funneled into
research education and more cleanups
nothing goes to waste here so query what
are we turning this into what's the next
step thank you wait what how are you
turning this into fuel it's a clever
solution plastic is made from fossil
fuels after all to learn more
khloe's taking me to the boat where they
have a prototype of a machine they're
developing on a larger scale we've set
our parameters and the machine is
essentially heating up and will start to
vaporize the plastics the plastic is
converted into fuel through a process of
thermal decomposition called pyrolysis
the machine is airtight and oxygen free
so that the plastic doesn't burn as the
temperature heats up to 410 degrees
Celsius it melts to become a liquid and
then a gas this passes through a tube
into a container filled with cool water
where it condenses and forms oil so who
could obtain a machine like this the
larger scale technology that we're
looking to develop would be ideal for
remote coastal or even Island community
that don't have readily accessible fuel
sources that and are all so inundated
with plastic pollution everywhere it
makes sense that these remote
communities can use that plastic as a
resource towards something that will
benefit the community the machine will
take three hours to turn the plastic
into fuel
in the meantime I'm off to check out
another project let's focus on recycling
and more on changing mindsets it's an
artist and author Douglas Coupland
studio on the other side of town
these are yes big big bobblehead dolls
here's the 20th century 20th century way
of looking at plastic is something shiny
and happy and great then there's like
reality in the world right now and how
we're adjusting to that and so these
guys here
plastic boy plastic girl they will be
representing the future
these figures are part of Douglass's
installation at the Vancouver Aquarium
and I'm getting them ready for their
debut do you like your new Douglas is
using 11 tons of ocean plastic in his
show what inspired you to create this
installation piece I grew up north this
place called Queen Charlotte Islands
about four years ago I was up there and
plastic bottles were suddenly washing up
on my sacred Beach and it really it was
like an evangelizing moment for me hmm
so I thought well let's make an image of
the trash but one which has a bit a sort
of emotional like tingle to it I guess
Copeland isn't pretending to offer
solutions but he is hoping to engage
audiences who ordinarily wouldn't stop
to think about the problem and
ultimately he's hopeful we can turn
things around before it's too late I'm
heartened by the energy British Columbia
is putting in to tackling the problem of
plastic pollution before I leave I want
to return to the ocean legacy boat to
see how much fuel the machine has
produced
so I'm seeing different colors is this
the mix oil separating into different it
is yeah so what's gonna be coming out of
this machine is a mixed oil and in that
oil we can separate into kerosene oil
diesel fuel and petroleum products you
can make electricity from it power your
lawnmower heat your home how are you
using this fuel currently we're not
making enough of the fuel to use it in a
practical application so this is just
our small pilot right we've really got
the world's interest right now in
watching these units worldwide the fuel
will emit greenhouse gasses and other
pollutants but at least it takes plastic
out of circulation and reduces the need
for fossil fuel extraction so can we use
it in this ship well yep let's do it
okay I know the hole she goes ready that
sounds good
on plastic
 that we picked up off the beach
Oshin legacy are planning to roll out
these machines starting in British
Columbia in one year's time they aren't
the first organization to try to turn
plastic into fuel or to recycle it
but what impresses me about Chloe and
her team is the determination which
drives them to take a multi-pronged
approach to tackling plastic pollution
it's a problem that won't go away if we
continue to use and discard such huge
amounts of plastic but what I've seen
here gives me hope that if other groups
around the world were to work in similar
ways it could be possible to make a real
difference
