it was a bombshell announcement during a
heated presidential contest we did not
find clear evidence that Secretary
Clinton or her colleagues intended to
violate laws governing the handling of
classified information former FBI
director James Comey concluded in July
2016 that US presidential candidate
Hillary Clinton did nothing wrong
which she used a private email server
while Secretary of State this is the
biggest political scandal since
Watergate as a candidate u.s. president
Donald Trump still used those
conclusions to bash his opponent arguing
she was corrupt and after he became
president he took it a step further
saying Comey himself was corrupt Trump
says he fired his FBI director for his
handling of a separate investigation
into allegations the president's
campaign colluded with the Russian
government now a new report by the
Department of Justice Inspector General
says the Comey team made errors while
investigating Clinton for weeks the
president has suggested the findings
will vindicate him and his decision to
fire Comey and prove the FBI is out to
get him in it the Justice Department
argues some employees showed a clear
bias against the campaign one employee
Peter struck even texting he'd like to
stop Trump the conduct by these
employees cast a cloud over the entire
investigation the IG report causes a
great deal of concern and I think points
out the political bias that the
president's been talking about but the
report also concludes we did not find
documentary or testimonial evidence that
improper considerations including
political bias directly affected the
specific investigative decisions the
current FBI director argues the
employees named in the report have been
removed from any investigation involving
the president and may face disciplinary
action nothing in this report impugns
the integrity of our work force as a
whole or the FBI as an institution Comey
reacted to the report calling it
reasonable even
if he disagrees with some of its
findings and as the Russia investigation
continues the President may now use this
report as proof of why that probe should
end
Kimberly hellcat al Jazeera at the White
House
