yemen's port city of heard ada was
bustling with people buying food on
Thursday but this is also a city bracing
for a heavy bombardment people here are
barely living unemployment in her data
there are no jobs a person here works to
earn his daily living there will be a
big crisis if the fighting moved into
the city with poverty and hunger and the
war the residents will be victims people
are dying from hunger the country will
be destroyed the Coalition has captured
a town south of perdido as fierce
fighting and airstrikes pound the area
the UN Security Council has held two
closed-door meetings this week both
concluding that the only solution to the
crisis is a political and not military
one the UAE Ambassador says there are
ships on standby to supply her Dada once
the military operation ends even our
ships are just in the Red Sea
waiting so we have air airfreight we
have very well very well organized and
we are ready to to send over every
assistance for four-headed the council
will meet for further discussions on
Monday but many analysts agree that a
battle for her data will not draw
Yemen's three-year war closer to an end
supposing that there will be a
successful sort of military takeover of
our data many questions remain
what will happen to other parts of the
country you know what will happen to who
will run her data what will happen to
you know the deep divides among among
Yemenis I think that you know the it's
important to recognize the Houthis as a
political actor as they were back in
2013-14 as the saudi-led coalition
foresees a military victory over the
strategic port the formally exiled
president Abed Rabbo Mansour Hadi has
arrived in the southern city of Aden for
the first time since February 2017 to
oversee the operations but the UN warned
the attack on her Dada could kill up to
a quarter of a million
people and shut down the main route for
food and humanitarian aid to the rest of
the country this would have a
devastating impact on survival of a
population already teetering on the
brink of famine Laura Burton Manley al
Jazeera
