a new name intended to end decades of
diplomatic deadlock but nationalist and
both Greece and Macedonia aren't happy
at the choice for public of northern
area from historical legacy and what an
identity
why so much hanging on a name this is
inside story
hello and welcome to the program I'm
Elizabeth puranam while the agreement
between Athens and Skopje of a new name
for Macedonia has been praised
internationally it's polarized politics
and public opinion in both countries
thousands of people in Macedonia and
Greece took to the streets of their
capitals to protest a deal they say is
tantamount to a humiliating defeat a
far-right Greek newspaper went so far as
to run a front-page graphic showing
Greece's Prime Minister foreign minister
and president being shot by firing squad
for treason and the agreement has left
both governments on shaky ground john
psaropoulos has more from the Greek
capital Athens the conservative
opposition leader in Athens has called
this a bad agreement he believes that
accepting the Macedonian language and
the Macedonian ethnicity are simply non
acceptable national concessions that is
what he said in a statement after the
agreement was outlined by the prime
minister he believes also that the
government doesn't have the political
legitimacy to conclude this agreement
internationally because it is not
supported by the government's junior
coalition partner without that partner
the government doesn't have a majority
in parliament over in Skopje the
president yayi
Ivanov has said he would not sign this
agreement if Parliament passed it and
sent it to his office for
countersignature
but that is not the intention of Prime
Minister Zoran Ze'ev in Severna
makedonia what he has said he intends to
do is put the agreement to a referendum
by the people if that is successful he
would then ask Parliament to make
necessary constitutional amendments
which would accommodate the agreement
therefore the president would no longer
have any constitutional grounds for
rejecting it well a quick look at the
beginnings of this long-running dispute
shows how much names and symbols really
matter when it comes to issues of
national identity between the end of
world war two in the early 1990s
Macedonia was one of six Republic's
comprising the former Federal Republic
of Yugoslavia problems with Athens began
when it declared independence in 1991
under the name the Republic of Macedonia
Griese immediately upholstered
eventually forcing Skopje to be
represented at the UN under the title
Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia
Athens view was that its neighbors
choice of name was a veiled challenge to
Greek sovereignty over its northern
province that's also called Macedonia
well let's bring in our guests now
joining us from Skopje is body on your
vanevski chief editor of nova TV in
athens panels poly sodas political
analysts and journalists and from Chapel
Hill in the US state of North Carolina
as Dimitar Berbatov non-resident senior
fellow at the Atlantic Council and a
research fellow at the University of
North Carolina Chapel Hill a very warm
welcome to all of you mr. gavin our ski
let me start with you more than a
quarter of a century has passed without
Athens and Skopje settling their
differences so why have these two
leaders Prime Minister's tsipras and
Ze'ev been able to come to an agreement
now well on behalf of the Macedonian
side the Prime Minister's I've I think
that after 25 years being in a deadlock
and being kind of hostage and not being
able to go further with in the process
of European integration I think it was a
it was a very it was a imperative or a
need and necessity for for the new
government to find a way out of the
blockade that Greek Greek side imposed
in a Macedonian path towards the
European integration processes in 25
years the past 25 years versus earlier
tried many alternatively if I may say so
but it was almost impossible to go
further so we passed through the very
difficult period of 10 years being under
the far-right vomer or ruling party and
kind of out early carrion regime so it
was really a necessity to find out and
to find my strategy and how to progress
further towards the European integration
processes so simply it was really
necessary to find a solution with Greece
in order to - and for well let's go to
our guest joining us from the Greek
capital Athens sir mr. Paulie situs why
haven't the Greeks allowed Macedonians
to call themselves whatever they want as
we heard from our correspondent in
Athens the Greek opposition leader
kiriakos mystic Artes has said that the
acceptance of the macedonian language
and nationality is an unacceptable
national threat why do they see it that
way why do they see Macedonians calling
themselves that a national threat to
Greece I think it's mostly a matter of
conflicting national narratives both on
both sides on north of our border people
some people part of the population have
come to believe that the whole of
Macedonia's heritage including ancient
Macedonia which was quite clearly
ethnically Greek is part of their own
heritage and on this side of the border
Greeks have come to deny the fact that
in recent centuries Macedonia as a
geographical entity has been an ethnic
mosaic hosting Greek ethnic ethnic
Greeks Ottomans Slavs and as a result
the claims yeah - then what the Greeks
considered to be their own national
heritage by the use of the name
Macedonia and also by some hyperboles I
suppose some excesses like claiming the
heritage of Alexander the Great who was
an ethnic Greek all this has come to
to be received as a threat by a very
large part of the of the Greek
population it's not a matter of being
literally afraid that one of these days
some of the Greek territory will be
under military threat from anyone it's a
matter of receiving the claims from the
Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia as
an insult to our own national heritage
mr. Jovanovski does Macedonia have
claims on more than just greek heritage
or what the greeks say is their heritage
you know does it have as some Greek
suspect at least irredentist claims on
the Greek province of Macedonia and you
know has the appropriation of figures
like Alexander the Great reinforced
fears in a region that has been prone to
shifting waters till 2008 I'm almost
sure that there was no such a claim
except some some statement of some
nationalists but till 2008 till the
momentum when when Greece blocked
Macedonia - join me - in Bucharest some
summit there was not such a claim it's
true that since 2008 The Naturalist or
Italian government of mr. Gruevski
started so-called process of Antiqua
zation it means he has built a lot of
monuments of Alexander the Great and his
whole family if I may say in a very
catchy way destroying the image if you
an architecture order of the of the
capital scope yet and pretending it this
way that we are a part of the Hellenic
history which was in a way rejected by
the big part of the other population but
it's true that
the authoritarian government of old
whiskey gave many arguments to the Greek
nationalists to say that we would like
in a way to steal the Greek Hellenic
history yeah and we under the previous
government we also saw the main airport
Lobby a being named after Alexander the
Great the main expressway running
through the country named after
Alexander the Great I'd like to bring my
guest in Chapel Hill and now mr.
Bischoff has this dispute been damaging
to both countries other than at getting
in the way of Macedonia joining the
European Union and NATO it's been much
more damaging for Macedonia for Greeks I
mean frankly Greece has had many other
problems on its hands and was happy with
the status quo but as my friend boring
you Barsky pointed out Macedonia has
been in a limbo because if anything the
blockage has helped Prime Minister
Kraske the former chief of cabinet to
concentrate power in his hands and to
build this crony economy and to engage
in high-level corruption and the losers
have been the ordinary citizen since
copier other places in Macedonia so
that's the sad fact of this limbo
hopefully now we have a breakthrough so
what will that mean then mr. Jovanovski
for the referendum will Macedonians as
mr. betcha have called them you know the
losers in this limbo will they pass this
agreement in the referendum do you think
well it's a very good question
it's what is important right now is to
see what what decision it will be taken
in during the European Council on the
end of this month
nobody's happy in Macedonia with the
fact that we have to accept changing of
the name but on the other hand the big
part of population is aware and cautious
that we can't
in this limbo and that we need to go
further within the process of European
integration now the big question is how
the European Council is going to react
on the agreement reached between
scorpion others it's very important that
the European Council is going to take a
decision to allow Macedonia to start the
negotiation talk with the European Union
that's that's the let's say the carrot
that's the motive for the big part of a
play Macedonian population to accept the
agreement with Greece and and so far
both the European Council President
Donald Tusk and the NATO
secretary-general Jens Stoltenberg have
you know very enthusiastically welcomed
this agreement but Mr poly Zoid is what
about Greek politicians we know that
Prime Minister Alexis tsipras is for
this but he has a lot of opposition and
this does need to get through the Greek
parliament doesn't it it does indeed yes
I'm look generally people tend to think
that a fair solution is one that
vindicates them on all points
of course really the truth is that a
good solution is a compromise solution
and there will be points lost on both
sides and that is I think a valid
observation for both countries as for
Greece now there is a bit of a paradox
because the gut governing coalition is
split the major coalition party the
series a left-wing syriza are all in
favor of the agreement that this
preliminary agreement they are the ones
who brokered it after all the junior
coalition partner right-wing independent
Greeks are dead against it and they have
made it absolutely clear that they're
going to vote against it in the
parliament and in order for this
agreement to be ratified by the Greek
parliament some votes from the
opposition will be needed the first
indications that we have from
opposition are quite negative in fact
the leader of New Democracy the
conservative opposition party kiriakos
Mitsotakis has tabled a motion of
no-confidence against the government
declaring as unacceptable some of the
provisions of the preliminary agreement
namely the recognition of a Macedonian
ethnicity and of a Macedonian language
it remains to be seen
III think that me to attack isn't the
conservatives are in a in a position of
political awkwardness yeah because on
the one hand they had been advocating
and working towards a solution for many
years and they would like they are
noting that Greece's partners and allies
in the European and union Union and NATO
are quite as you just said enthusiastic
about the agreement on the other hand
mr. Bachus has to face is coming up
against the fact that a lot a large part
of his own party membership and
following are against a solution that
would allow the use of the nave
Macedonia as in the official name of the
country in any form so he is really
between a rock and a hard place
yeah and you know there's so much
opposition to this I want to go back to
de matar Boettcher and talk about the
about the opposition that's coming from
within Macedonia where we've had the
president say that that he is not going
to agree to this does it need the
president's approval mr. burch EV well
as the opening intro pointed out if
there is a referendum it can go around
it and I mean frankly mr. Evaro has
tried to play obstructionist for a long
time just to bring a story a bit back
last year he was overstepping his
constitutional mandate refusing to pass
the investiture to mr. zyf and so thus
his way of asserting hands of and to pay
back his dues to the main party that
appointed him
but at the other day if the people was
citizens speak out and ratify this
treaty through a referendum and there'll
be very little even of who do and it
will be my stand
it's interestingly he today is in Sofia
in Bulgaria where he tried to garner
some support from the ball game leaders
but I think he was told that Sofia
stands by the agreement
- and tsipras well I think someone who
is supporting the Macedonian president
on this is actually the Hungarian Prime
Minister Viktor obin who is calling on
that main opposition party that the
president is aligned to and who was
previously in power and to fight what
he's calling an externally imposed
compromise why is the Hungarian Prime
Minister weighing in on this mr. bicha
well Viktor Orban has been an ally of
the former Macedonian prime minister
Nikola Gruevski whom he credits with
helping him tackle the migration crisis
2015-2016 but more broadly Orban is
exploring exploiting all the
opportunities to present himself as the
new rising star of the European Centre
right yeah it's not just Macedonia we've
seen one of his allies get a getting
lots of votes in his neighboring in
next-door Slovenia so to play the you
level as the voice of conservative
nationalists against what you might call
the liberal side of the political
spectrum and he is trying to get some
dividends out of the situation right so
as we've so as we can see a lot of
opposition but as we've already
discussed there is a lot of support for
this as well mr. Jovanovski why is this
so important to the EU and to nato
macedonia is
you know it's it's a part of the of the
Balkans it's very complicated to region
if I may say also Macedonia has a
complicated structure Macedonia is a
multi-ethnic multicultural
multi-confessional religious society so
the only let's say cohesive force to
bring together and to keep together
Macedonia as such is the idea of being
integrated within European integral
within European Union and and to join
NATO that's let's say a very important
condition for a big part of the
population ethnic Albanians who are
really wanted to seabass adonia to be to
be part of the of European Union so
that's the only cohesive force right now
for Macedonia to keep Macedonia as such
otherwise if we stay out of the European
Union it could in a in in a foreseeable
future we we could have a serious
problem to keep Macedonia as a such and
mr. Paulo Saudis would this integration
also allow you know the West to claim a
victory in the sort of standoff were
seeing at the moment against Russia I
think in terms of in geopolitical terms
yes Macedonia is the focus of a
perceived perceived fight over it
including Russia including Turkey so
there appears to be a lot of interest in
trying to influence that country and if
the country joins the European
institutions and obviously the North
Atlantic Treaty that more or less would
be the end of that
and in economical terms I think it will
be quite beneficial for Greece as well
but there are many Greeks who believe
that instead of fighting over that name
we should find a mutually acceptable
solution and keep doing business with
these people to both to the to the
benefit of both sides so and that's it
obviously a pragmatic view having said
that I believe that at the end of the
day the Greek parliament will ratify and
this is only a guess of course but I I
think I have a feeling that the Greek
parliament will ratify the preliminary
agreement this should that happen and
should the Parliament in scorpion not
ratify the agreement Greece at least
will have scored some very important
international goodwill points it will
have offered the solution even if it was
not accepted by the other side mr. polis
you just answered the question my last
question that I was going to ask so let
me put it to our other two guests dmitar
betcha
do you think that both the Greek
parliament and that Macedonia will be
able to pass this agreement in a
referendum and get it through I'm very
hopeful that a reason will prevail but
still my gut feeling is the bowls and
Greece's Court and I'm really encouraged
that probably these things that tsipras
will get it through it's very much
incumbent on the opposition on the kind
of liberal forces that are not part of
this government to be responsible
because at the end of the Greece tends
to benefit just a person I like that I
remember in the worst days of this
dispute in the early nineties
businessmen in Thessaloniki they had the
main city of northern Greece including a
friend that might have to do business
through 13 physics will ignore ways to
reach the market in Macedonia because
there was an embargo
and things were really tough between
copy and Athens I don't think we're back
to those days but we had the last mile
now and hopefully there'll be political
foresight and in both places and we will
see the deal true because there is of
course so much at stake mr. you have an
auskey let me give you the last word
what do you think well I'm sure the hope
my better yes it will be it will be a
difficult path to reach the adoption of
the agreement in the parliament having
in mind the opposition of the opposition
party and the president even of under
very difficult circumstances in which
these parties right now having in mind
that the the former leader of this party
the former Prime Minister is he has to
explain himself in front of the court
for many for many charges related to the
to the corruption and many high-level
people highly ranked rank people in this
party are also in the in the same
problem and in a way they see this
process as a possibility to reach an
amnesty for what they what they what
they what they did in the past so it's a
bit there is a bit you know political
see everything you have 10 seconds yeah
yes yeah I believe that we are going to
do to have this agreement adopted in the
Parliament all right that is Boyan
Jovanovski in skopje thank you to all of
our guests for iana you have an auskey
in Skopje Panos poly soidiers in Athens
and Dimitar Berbatov in North Carolina
and thank you too for watching you can
see the program again any time by
visiting our website al-jazeera calm and
for further discussion do go to our
Facebook page that's facebook.com/ /aj
inside story you can also join the
conversation on Twitter a handle is at
AJ inside story from me
Elisabet per annum and the whole team
here bye for now
you
