in indian-administered Kashmir soldiers
are combing the area for separatist
fighters who they say shot and killed
their colleague last week
it's the latest military operation in a
dispute that's lasted more than 70 years
and twice ended in war during the last
two years the UN has investigated
allegations of human rights abuses in
Kashmir and found faults on both sides
the UN Human Rights chief hired rod Hal
Hussein says India has used excessive
force in response to anti India protests
and accuses Pakistan of misusing its
anti-terror legislation to quash dissent
now he's calling for an investigation
into allegations mass graves have been
found in the Kashmir Valley this report
is the first ever issued by the UN on
the human rights situation in India
administered and pakistan-administered
Kashmir it details human rights
violations and abuses on both sides of
the line of control and it highlights a
situation of chronic impunity for
violations committed by security forces
Pakistan says it welcomes the UN's
proposal for an international inquiry
into human rights abuses but a spokesman
for the Indian Ministry of External
Affairs said in a statement
India rejects the report it is
fallacious tendentious and motivated
would question the intent in bringing
out such a report the UN Human Rights
chief says he met with representatives
of both governments when there was an
increase in violence in July 2016
that was triggered by the death of rebel
leader Burhan wani
neither government agreed to the UN's
request for unconditional access to
Kashmir so the UM began remote
monitoring of the region that ended a
few months ago and the final report
makes uncomfortable reading for both
India and Pakistan
Victoria Gaytan B al-jazeera
