the political future of former vice
president jean-pierre Bemba who was just
acquitted of war crimes dominates
headlines in the Democratic Republic of
Congo but for many in neighboring
Central African Republic members
acquittal is disheartening while atom
bomb member committed crimes killed
looted and plundered from us his
acquittal is humiliating to us
international justice has failed us two
years ago the International Criminal
Court convicted Bemba for war crimes and
crimes against humanity committed by a
private army he commanded inside Central
African Republic
yeah Murphy he's all Julie my daughter
was raped as she tried to flee with me I
was horrified the former vice president
fought hard to overturn the conviction
and earlier this month after examining
new evidence the ICC ruled Bemba had had
limited ability to control his troops
and he could not therefore be held
criminally liable
moutoku members should have stayed in
jail for the rest of his life we are
really disappointed and frustrated by
the decision
Bumba has always maintained his
innocence as he told Al Jazeera in 2007
I am NOT of course involve on any of
these things Bembo was also convicted of
fraud and will be sentenced next month
for influencing witnesses and falsifying
evidence during his war crimes trial his
acquittal and release from detention
gives his supporters in the Democratic
Republic of Congo hope that he will run
in a tentatively scheduled December
presidential election bimbeau was a
popular opposition leader and ran an
unsuccessful campaign to unseat
President Joseph Kabila in 2006 the
university naboombu politically informed
people knew there would be a moment when
the whisperings Kabila
and get back members president joseph
kabila second term ended in December of
2016 and Cabella has delayed a new
election several times citing a third of
violence lack of economic resources and
voter registration issues member will
come back and will be a candidate as he
was in 2006
bamba's attorney says the former vice
president plans to return to Brussels to
be with his wife and five children and
decide what move he makes next Paul
Chatterjee on al Jazeera
