for over three years
Isis controlled and terrorized large
parts of northern Iraq after it was
driven out in late 2017 local militias
began searching for fugitives meeting
out the harshest justice on suspected
fighters and civilian collaborators one
of the most vengeful militias is led by
a woman Dutch journalist Tom Klein went
to meet her
you
coming years out the autos inverse
Indian gentleman noting the out of all
walls in the visa
yeah we we to pick up dial tone you
after a detail wearing the chain the
user phone are for liability for
immunity which an investor sheer guts
and planted an order from Iraq and
around Waheeda entice the a nothing
irrigated loudly yoked marked OBS and
the due to open may download money
between 2014 and 2017 large areas of
northern Iraq were under Isis control
gradually us bhakti rocky forces
recovered this territory by September
2016 that managed to push the insurgents
out of the strategically important
she-cat district which lies between the
cities of Tikrit and Mosul but isolated
pockets of Isis resistance remained
the task of mopping up Isis resistance a
shake at has been left in the hands of
different local militias one of the most
high-profile of these is led by Waheeda
Mohammed Al jamali better known as the
photo editor y de hoofed official
spatula in height JJ is the bass here
yeah we're in shock at about 80
kilometres south of Mosul accompanied by
our interpreter Ali we're about to meet
the local militias near legendary
commander it is it in universe waste no
need this
oh my gosh our dear
we're warmly received by Waheeda
mohammed at first glance it's hard to
imagine how this 40 year old woman could
have such a ferocious reputation but she
and her 80 man militia played a key role
in driving Isis out of town and have
since shown their determination to keep
it that way
she had a birth mother - she tell a
hotel or didn't strike Dori Edoras
wadeoliver harlot Babylon I mean it's my
habit a philosopher I witness I will
award money after just Cabalists in
thought of it's been home I know me
alone in the car time every month I'm
hurryin Cervantes advocate in his house
from the more Nirvana somebody now Mimi
of each other sure yeah I need us most
under any linear slot attention of give
now Isis took over shake at in the
summer of 2014 and life for many of the
region's hundred thousand strong
population became a nightmare
but where he tells us not everyone here
was against their presence hi I'm
Annessa he's a charlatan the rich highly
beauty list of common law a beauty local
lucano Jaime homeland area D
embarrassing feet on live - Hardman's it
a lot I defeated him - Hardman's in
Abuja would be a element owashi
inappropriately woman in Qatar and Gubar
Johanna sure got showing good fairy -
haha yeah intimately stumbling - and in
what helps me dementia done right
enemies who lately Wendall the nurses
are highly end so it's arias hydrogen
car tyrannical item hydrogen but I'm a
bucket I had
we move on to Wahid as headquarters to
meet some of her militiamen she took
over their command from her husband who
was killed fighting insurgents a woman
to wield such authority is still very
rare in the Arab world militias like
these now keep the peace and much of
northern Iraq the regular Iraqi army has
been severely depleted of both men and
resources in battle to recover territory
and without the support of such local
groups it's fed Isis still attempt to
re-establish a presence the men follower
Heda without question constantly
vigilant against the insurgent forces
still at large in the area oh and she's
so warm I Josh follow for general beauty
jeribai - I will my little buddy sure
got Bella haughtily the whole diminished
apart over she's so warm a Jewish
follows and jaribg over the past two
years
Waheeda has survived numerous attempts
on her life it's a female commander
Jesus symbolic target for the likes of
Isis and al-qaeda but she's paid a high
price for her defiance mama the Ramada
McConnell harlot yeah any hardy no
Herrick fiona shares our age for general
is it
Hogwarts Walker colour-pop we beheld a
fragment but en la jolla met Verdean
sorry Darren Kudlow of shame about what
III be Padian beat are over sure got a
little smaller than Hamada and Juanita
more busier yeah honey hello other - ah
the ruthlessness shown by Isis during
its years in control as left and as yet
unquenched appetite for revenge those
who've lost loved ones 1880s video card
on Haven over 2000 made him do now sir
this is our front end more attentive
that's a little peanuts Blackmar do what
they do out there console foretelling
Verducci alright good businessman and
she's an only may initiate Yanni Yantra
has a wheel a glow teacher
Waheeda is a willing to discuss on
camera about what she does with her
prisoners however uploaded to YouTube
and a Facebook page have been far more
revealing
- zip file these or blue decays the main
house main house em a familiar form or
main houses kill occup Naza what ding
que hace automate the bucket reservoirs
awesome at Midland well I'm almost a
noble I know a single person Wilbur
deals like we're told that many of the
town's inhabitants had been Isis
sympathizers now the family elders are
quick to come out and pay homage
although Isis control over this part of
Iraq has been suppressed for central
government authority has yet to fill the
vacuum in the meantime what he does
militia is the only effective law and
order presence but what that means in
practical terms hasn't yet become clear
the next morning we get a chance to find
out more we're keen to investigate
reports that families accused of having
ties with the insurgents have been on
the receiving end of arbitrary
punishment where he this fighters are
getting ready for an operation to boost
morale she distributes cigarettes she
wants to hit the road and head to a
village where a battle with militants is
underway we're given permission to ride
along although the area has been
liberated isolated Isis cells are still
capable of launching sporadic attacks
the closer we get to the fighting the
greater the number of checkpoints manned
by rocky forces
on the outskirts of the village was
stopped by another local militia when
Mossad finished evocative yarmulke and
each other Jack ha
you get myself in here where the Natalie
up my any miss - hello - almighty -
garnish typical you got a dime inhaler
yeah my children
he beat
we're taken to a field where we are
showing Iraqi army weapons and
ammunition captured by Isis and now
recover from the insurgents they're now
back in the hands of the local militia
more tea fanatical - how - old man -
yeah dad bodacious suburb toss me a
scary I don't any so let it be done
well he'd inspects the weapons hall
carefully looking for any items that
could be abused to her hi sorry mr.
Dumas anima handy very title major can I
talk Yanni's Tony I need Jenna Jenna
yeah Shauna harmony or she we stuck the
more a bit of gel that is TP yes for
Molly
Asaf Jahi of the sea for Molly is dr.
Mahadevan
golly
wahida is a heroic figure to many Iraqi
soldiers fighting Isis as a woman she
embodies the country's opposition to the
group's fundamentalist ideology and this
becomes clear when Iraqi regulars arrive
with their commander fresh from an
engagement the general makes plenty of
time they were leader militia is an
invaluable ally in their ongoing fight
against Isis
the general is very tired and wants to
relax switching on the TV to watch
European football suddenly there's a
commotion outside
for barring its make that look what the
new house Kabul done that kind of need
bit around it later hits an adult the
s-curve I'm gonna make a noble from
Alfred forms and even have you over the
back and Emily team do a gamma need
these transfers are not officially
permitted
we're told not to film then we catch a
glimpse of the two alleged Isis men in
cities aimed in occasionally tear and
today manner for alpha Cabal the two
enemy combatants stay in the car there's
another surprise a woman believed to be
working with Isis has also been captured
the masala should not only kilometer
mini :
the woman is loaded onto a separate
truck from the male prisoners and all
are driven in convoy back towards Wahid
his headquarters for further
interrogation
on the way back to shake at the vehicles
are halted in the middle of nowhere
our interpreter tells us for heater has
stopped the convoy to execute the two
male captives it turns out to have been
a mock execution intended to terrify
them it's a making confession back at
base Waheeda orders who arrest the woman
be taken into an office the men are
locked in a container outside
okay yes yes mutate yeah that's the man
in your hamper morning
the other comfort morning one neat new
and when you have a fear of God fading
in my dimension of Hell senator kept
Jaya again the after in the donkey very
busy meeting many egg Benedict Asia
grandpa told Marty that exactly meets a
fatality Sudan a deadly car to concern
the car to come on Yoko oughta be an
antenna more technical answer take a nap
wench they're doing
where he decides not to execute a
prisoner's immediately exchange for
information on the whereabouts of other
Isis units took it out in my community
Irish Oh Fernanda Telemundo sorry but I
said no pledgets enemy anima hakama
adalah really look come on Robbie
nevermind only they didn't you come are
you how do you do me J and time I catch
a thousand hatchet in Latin are scary
honestly Richard the smile the mom
Martin oh my god are we
knocks enough yeah Stephanie said love
is enough
come on each of them another house in
the back to shelter goes and Allen
Muhammad casual after the Isis fighters
have been questioned it's the woman's
turn wahida is interrogated judged
possibly executioner we hope that our
presence will provide some protection
for the prisoners oh my god no I did
stop me hey you my door knock the world
dad shit shuttle bus boy then I'll shit
with the church
- Yeti mom Martha mm let's just tell
Maura to 90 has been Sheila's killer and
a slap happens to me I left Emma just
said ditch you mark without a Coulomb
I've done one out of me mom aren't the
she didn't manage a miniature waffles
buzz well not a VM words are on your
behind and I must have missed the night
to make strong Holly surprise what he
does interrogation has been
comparatively mild the ding segmented
magical Kabir it one hasn't come up the
gentian interfere in ter name in San
Fermin so patently Oh me shinola each
industry I say we are the Canada
Schieffelin alia is Berta - shifu do a
fitness writer of the mark of 1818 our
avocado taco
Shannara Hakuna Matata kaya mo car today
well I may be a hot water lab said lips
it - owatta Hamlet ela fatima leonito on
Sarah
- huh - Sheila the wondered Shinar be
the next morning you get a better idea
of how these communities are driven by a
thirst for retribution and the
individual family with ties to Isis
faces being expelled the homes and
possessions destroyed Funaki elevate
Vakar door take enormous explosions you
matter of course the fun at all blasts
from the exit of a house in a versatile
occurred and remains at the ankle boot
on the beard of owners Iraq for at fight
but here today
es families around the families of the
Isis militants who lived here were
actually driven out sometime ago another
family with no connection to Isis has
since occupied the houses but the
buildings were still destroyed did y'all
ready to somebody Holly you doing my
Arnie what is your the new residents
were lucky to escape live but second and
a certain mark on Gladys be people that
attacks like these you've been happening
all over
Iraqi territory once controlled by Isis
wahida in our home quartier it's a cake
who admitted Rico fun gonna have their
mark involved or however
dear dear - Arthur it's not my home
Waheeda has yet to arrive the to Isis
prisoners are still in the container and
are for now alive but it looks like
they've been beaten up new kena bahar
phenom leaked from Cavell darker film
fish and photos so shows dated her into
MIT hold the phone yesterday there's
Maria yesterday iris for more comes up a
hybrid of thoughts into that it's
Hawkinson in investor
Yamini Joe - did your food journal good
luck
the power just both honey in tissue
protects our left lemon worth half a
year yeah and the art father I'm gonna
come soon or what I adore him save value
we Oklahoma say no hot water filled with
dual car beer you can on assalam o
foolish has never Regina origin Howard
on Sunday when Howard innovation and
Rockefeller have when Howard on custom
they're happy with the age eminently
nominally I buy normally order normally
desire or minister oh dear
you have our mother Buffett not about
language remain huh
Waheeda doesn't care much for our line
of questions or how should have trade
instead she gathers her men and sets off
on another operation revenge will be a
powerful motive here for some time to
come for as long as we're filming with a
militia the to Isis suspect remained
alive in the container we later heard
that the day after we took our cameras
away the men were executed the young
female suspect was released other tales
of arbitrary justice have emerged from
Iraq since Isis was vanquished even some
of the communities that once suffered
dreadfully under Isis control have paid
a heavy price for their assumed guilt by
association it may take many years for
this wounded nation to lay its violent
past to rest
