happy to be alive the survivors of
Guatemala's worst volcanic eruption in
decades may be homeless but they're
together and receiving care more than
500 people are in this school in the
city of his Quinta one of 21 shelters
around mount flail lucia Gomez says she
thanks God for having saved all her
family but now she begins to think about
their future without a home to go back
to I think it's the president's duty to
help us but we're not sure that will
happen because we haven't seen much
going on for example there hasn't been
an official to check to say how many
people are here her daughter Siler says
a member of Guatemala's disaster agency
helped all her family get together in
this shelter but now she feels they're
on their own
we feel bad because the government is
not giving us any answers about our
future homes farms and animals were
destroyed here the government is
promising 34 million dollars to rebuild
the government has a plan and a budget
to provide 400 new homes the mayor of
the squint lasses they are working
nonstop to accommodate more homeless
people the mayor says this shelter will
be ready in three days it will be two
large tents each one will house 300
people but it is unclear when and where
the victims will have a home
officials say they have plans to provide
proper housing for the victims but
critics say the government is
inefficient they don't trust the
government to take care of the victims
in the long run and they want the
President to resign after the tragic
mudslide two years ago the government
still hasn't given any homes to those
who lost theirs and it doesn't look as
if they were getting one soon for now
private donors and volunteers are
helping to fill the gap in aid the
survivors are looking to the government
to secure their futures Mariana Sanchez
al-jazeera is quintella what the manner
