in the Trump Whitehouse nuclear
diplomacy has been much like a
diplomatic soap opera take this recent
installment when North Korea's vice
chair traveled to Washington to
hand-deliver a letter from his nations
leader to Donald Trump how would you
like to see what was in that letter
would you like how much how much how
much the US president kept the media and
the world guessing in a made-for-tv
style production the former reality TV
star turned president has been producing
for months and with me he's not getting
away with it it was almost a year ago
that Trump promised any attempt by North
Korea to fire a missile toward the
United States would be met with fire and
fury point the world has never seen
North Korean leader Kim jong-un
responded threatening to strike the u.s.
specific territory of Guam the dramatic
dialogue between the characters
escalated Trump in his first speech to
the UN General Assembly claimed
Rocketman is on a suicide mission for
himself and for his regime Kim countered
calling Trump a mentally deranged US
dotard a Shakespearian era word meaning
a person who's in senile decay but in a
moment of melodrama following a secret
visit to Washington the South Koreans
announced right here at these
microphones Kim jong-un had had a change
of heart expressing eagerness to meet
with Donald Trump soon after the
Singapore summit was on chapters of
shuttle diplomacy followed a secret
visit by the Secretary of State to North
Korea another visit in May with a
goodwill gesture and the return of three
American detainees as the TV lights
blasted through the middle of the night
darkness Trump boasted the event broke
the all-time
television rating for three o'clock in
the morning this script has also had at
least one climactic twist on May 24th
Trump abruptly canceled his upcoming
summit with the stroke of a pen
accusing North Korea of tremendous anger
and open hostility but the White House
never stopped preparing for the summit
a week later Trump as protagonists
announced the show was back on agreeing
once again to meet with Kim jong-un the
Singapore summit may be the grand finale
the end of a long-running and
suspenseful standoff it's a performance
Trump supporters have even suggested
should be rewarded with a Nobel Peace
Prize for the president
Kimberly Hellcat al Jazeera Washington
