declaring a formal peace treaty has been
a long-held ambition on the Korean
Peninsula South Korean president moon
jae-in brought it a step closer when he
met with his North Korean counterpart in
their landmark summit at the truce
village in pan manjong in April the
declaration the two leaders signed calls
for an end to the war establishing a
permanent and solid peace regime he
repeated the wish after meeting with Kim
jong-un a second time a month later
if the summit between the u.s. and North
Korea succeeds I hope that the
declaration of an end to the Korean War
would be pushed for the fighting that
lasted from 1950 to 53 was ended by an
armistice signed by North Korea the
United States and China South Korea
didn't sign that then president wanting
to continue the fight to unify the
country a formal peace treaty would also
need China as a signatory
but moon hopes the two Koreas and the
United States can at least declare an
end to the war if they could do that at
a trilateral meeting it would go a long
way to giving North Korea the security
guarantee it desires inter-korean
relations as always inextricably linked
with relations between North Korea and
the u.s. picanha normalizing the
relations between the u.s. and North
Korea is a prerequisite for the North's
denuclearization and it hopes to ease
tensions on the Korean Peninsula and at
the same time establish permanent peace
65 years after the fighting stopped the
combatants might finally be about to
declare the war is over
rob mcbride al jazeera seoul
