these Afghans will not be deterred by
hate hunger distance or danger they are
walking 700 kilometers to the Afghan
capital Kabul without food or water from
dawn to dusk during the holy month of
Ramadan if all Afghans raised the same
voice for peace and say no more war I'm
sure we will reach a sustainable peace
very soon nine men started in the
Taliban stronghold of Helmand province a
month ago as temperatures climbed above
40 degrees so did their numbers through
town after town the group swelled with
Afghans strangers sensing a moment to be
heard on our way Afghan army and
security forces met us they kept their
weapons down to welcome us and told us
to take our message ahead Taliban also
came on the roads welcoming us and told
us to find a solution for this war
Afghanistan has been at war since the
Taliban was overthrown 17 years ago but
it was March the 23rd and Hallman's
capital of Lashkar Gah that these
Afghans decided that had enough a
suicide bomb explosion at a sports
stadium killed 16 people and injured 40
others men women and children staged a
sit-in a rear hunger strike they called
for a peace deal between the Taliban and
the government
a week later 48 teenage girls were
poisoned at their high school Lashkar
Gah and Helmand province as in Taliban
country where education as a battle line
but the battlefield goes far beyond
Helmand province fighting has
intensified since the Taliban announced
its annual Spring Offensive and late
April al Qaeda and ISIL attacks have
complemented the Taliban campaign the
Afghan government now controls this and
60% of territory I lost both my eyes due
to the war I was blinded by shattered
glass when my bus was hit by a landmine
I know that my eyes can be fixed in
India but I want peace first and then my
eyes carrying more wounds and blisters
these Afghans are on a pilgrimage for
peace and they're on the homestretch
Charlotte Bellis al-jazeera
