we could be seeing some higher air fares
in the not-too-distant future that's
because rising fuel prices are hitting
airline profits around the world
aviation trade body IATA
this week cut its profit outlook for
2018 jet fuel prices have surged more
than 50 percent over the past year it
said trade tensions also pose a risk for
global carriers a year ago a blockade by
four Arab countries on Qatar banned its
flag carriers jets from their skies and
it's meant heavy losses for the airline
Andrew Thomas met with Qatar Airways CEO
Akbar Al Becker in Sydney this time last
year just before the blockade was
announced Qatar Airways was flying in
every sense of the word your profits
were up you were expanding new routes
then the blockade and it's been a
different story since how much has that
blockade affected you as an airline do
you think that Qatar Airways stopped
flying we are still flying
we are still expanding and it did impact
us that it increased our flying time it
put pressure on my operational cost but
it did not stop the will and the
determination of us to keep on our path
of growth and this year actually since
the blockade we have received the best
airline of the year we have received
over 30 aircraft we have added over 19
destinations and we have continued our
investments in both catabolic and fly
and edit le the impact has only been on
my bottom line but not on our
determination to keep on continuing but
let's talk about that bottom line you
made a 500 million dollar profit in
2016-17 you've talked about 524 million
you've talked about a substantial loss
this one out ue how big is that loss
gonna be and how long is that
sustainable those sorts of losses I
cannot tell you the amount of the loss
because we have still not finished our
accounting process but we should be
announcing our losses in not-too-distant
future however we can sustain this loss
for the foreseeable future but we cannot
sustain these losses if the blockage
continues for beyond the horizon that we
have in mind so let's talk worst-case
scenario the blockade does carry on long
term are you going to need investment
from Qatari government my answer is yes
I should not fool anybody
we are state-owned company the the
shareholder of Qatar Airways is the
state of Qatar and when there is a
requirement for capital injection of
course the business will go to its owner
to ask for capital injection it's not
likely at the moment I don't think it is
likely but I don't know I cannot give
you four for certain an answer what
about expansion plans into the u.s. do
you feel that you've settled the dispute
with the US government by well you're
planning to publish your accounts in
full we never had any dispute with the
United States we had dispute with the
three carriers that were crying foul we
have proven to them that we have always
been publishing our accounts they had
access to her accounts and we had also
in the past told them that we have no
intention of fifth freedom carriage over
Europe so at the end of the day they did
not get anything more than what we were
doing in the past anyway
so all this fuss about us getting
subsidy and not publishing our accounts
was mayor public relations exercise by
them to gain support from their unions
we feel it's over now I think it is over
because we have signed a document with
the United States government and the
matter has been put to rest and we will
continue to to deliver on what we have
agreed with the government of the United
States
you've talked in the past about
defeating the blockade what would that
mean in practice what does the feat mean
defeat means that they did not meet any
of their targets that they blockaded us
to achieve we have not capitulate 'add
we have not given in to any demands we
have continued our growth Qatar has
continued his investments Qatar has
continued its normal life
and cutter has been very well supplied
by Katowice we've got a new Secretary of
State in the US Mike Pompeo very
different character to Rex Tillerson
does that change anything there well he
already told them that enough is enough
so the message is very clear now it is
for the international community to put
pressure that this should not last any
longer if they don't want us to operate
into their countries if they don't want
trade with our countries it's fine but
to blockade a country is against
international norms and international
civilized behavior which I have said
already in the past I am sure that there
would be a time when the United States
will put pressure and a continuous
pressure that this blockade must be
lifted immediately
