the Canadian Prime Minister declined any
further comment in the course of the day
leaving it to his foreign minister to
reiterate Canada's position in the
ongoing argument about trade tariffs the
national security pretext is absurd and
frankly insulting to Canadians the
closest and strongest ally the United
States has had we can't pose a security
threat to the United States on Saturday
Donald Trump went on Twitter to say that
he was pulling out of the g7 communique
which he had just signed at the summit
in Canada on Sunday his trade advisor
Peter Navarro then doubled down on the
criticism of Justin Trudeau saying quote
there is a special place in hell for any
foreign leader that engages in bad faith
diplomacy with President Trump and then
tries to stab him on the way out the
door
meantime the German Chancellor Angela
Merkel said that she was both sobered
and depressed to learn that the
president had such a negative view of
the g7 communique but that it would not
dissuade her and other members of the
European Union from imposing their own
retaliatory tariffs on the United States
the US has recently announced its going
to impose tariffs of up to 25 percent on
European steel and aluminium imports to
the United States however there is still
deep concern being expressed by
president Trump's domestic critics the
g7 partners are our closest allies in
the world we share values we share
interests we share security and for the
president of the United States to walk
into that session and to essentially
blow it up and disrespect our allies
while embracing Russia and and giving
benefits to China countries that are not
our allies and in the case of Russia
indeed are declared adversary is very
worrisome and very destructive the
divide created by what was once a United
g7 group clearly illustrated in a series
of photos released not by the news media
but by the White House itself
Rosalind Jordan al-jazeera Washington
