a river of green white and violet the
first letters of those colors used by
the suffragette movement gwv signifying
give women the vote 100 years ago some
British woman finally got it and these
women are remembering their struggle
with a unique March in the UK's national
capitals Edinburgh Cardiff Belfast and
here in London community groups have
been working with professional artists
to create some eye-catching banners we
commissioned a hundred artists each to
work with a group that could be women in
prison kids and schools Muslim Women's
Federation and Southall back sisters
lots of different people you see behind
me clean break who are prison survivors
of domestic violence
so lots and lots of different
organizations that we curated a
particular artist to go into that group
to work with them to make a banner in a
series of workshops they also explored
the history of the suffragettes as well
as the later fight for things like
access to birth control so these women
were extremely radical women who were
prepared to act deeds not words and made
decisions that perhaps nowadays we might
quite
many of the themes are obvious others
less so I had a great time eight
workshops making the things power into
the future coming up with the trick food
tendril idea it defies description
we were hoping because I think if if
things can be categorized we probably
controlled the marches also saw homemade
efforts and some definitely too young to
vote along to the women marching here
have come from all over England and the
banners they've made highlight a whole
range of issues but what they're all
doing is looking back to the
achievements of the suffragettes and
looking forward to a more equal future
and they're hoping the younger
generations will be as bold as those who
came before them the Dean barber al
Jazeera London
