Waller's will always be very important
it is considered our main staple
it takes a lot of work to dismember a
walls
takes a crew you know to divide that out
takes the family to put it away
survive here it's about family
I know I have relatives there
I just don't know very much about them I
have no connection with my rest
Russian relatives at all I don't know
their dialect so there's a really big
there I've heard stories a long time ago
how there was interaction between the
villagers before the ice cream I think
about how my grandparents might have
felt when they separated them that must
have been a big grief for them to lose
that connection a lot of our elders have
passed through thy Mead would love to
have a reunion
I'm the tribal coordinator for dye meet
I administered all the programs we have
all the accounts we oversee it's like
taking care of damage
the last reunion was you know the early
90s so this is gonna be the first event
for a long time I think it's gonna be so
special the eight will be traveling to
Wells today with bearing our weather
permitting eight of them will be staying
at the school and maybe five or six at
my house between my house and phobics so
that stop data that was signed June
weather permits today they will be
traveling to well a waiting for the
weather to calm down to come today meet
okay y'all depends on the weather
yeah whether they're gonna come here or
not weather is always a thing for died
me so if it's gonna be delayed it's
going to be delayed nothing really works
on schedule
sometimes die meat is really hard to
live in they always remind us when the
ice starts to recede in me you know you
could fall through I lost my daughter my
youngest he went through the ice may 21
2005 she was 6 years old just five
minutes before she was with me then she
was down there and God just in five
minutes I have lost her
took me a while to heal from that and
when I was going through that process a
lot of have to do with subsistence be it
with food or your sewing skins or you're
making Parker something you're doing
something to keep yourself busy
subsistence is so time-consuming that it
heals you - hi Edward there's coffee
decaf with you Vicki yeah yeah for
tomorrow I'm gonna put it in the fridge
Oh yogi dough with the bone on there I
was cut around it the bone is just there
for flavor remember or favor my best
memories of how our parents raised us a
lot of it with existence my dad loves
hunting and fishing but because he's a
lot older is a little harder for him now
my parents move because of medical
reasons they're in new I know they're
bigger part of them really wants to be a
diamond
they were here six weeks ago and they
were so happy
I want to be taking care of my parents
but I asked my mom her tone of voice
with she really needs me here
knowing that they prefer native foods
I'm sending in the stuff they enjoy from
die meat because I worry about them
these are mixture food and oil this one
is baby walrus this one is the breast
milk of the walrus this is Luke
intestines really rinsed clean half
dried then cooked baby walrus the walrus
skin plus a little bit of the blubber
it's really hard to dig in the barrel
your hands freeze going in the oil is
frozen then you're digging it's hard you
got to be really tough for that nice
your egg hey Joe are you keeping those
eggs yeah you should bring a few over
cuz I'm gonna make them more egg mac
salad
sometimes cabin fever gets to you
because die meat is so isolated those
moments I was called my Alcatraz time
you know
80% in his Alcatraz but 20% that's
paradise
sometimes I go down this one pick
cabbage along this night come up this
way and then I go down another rich
spideyman down
the greens are there's everything you
want here this area is one of my
favorite picking area oh I found a
cabbage
my mom when she was here she showed me
all the picking grounds all her favorite
spots
you see how I remove it without taking
the word so it can grow another one next
year - it's time-consuming but it's
filling and it also involves the kids to
help you - prepared it kind of keeps the
family together if I go by gun you
better remember me by their poor when
you're about 67 years old to learn
birding
I got kids coming over but what it means
but tell you they'll make it out
tomorrow but we don't know about the
Russians the Russians are your relatives
descendants of our family our side -
maybe - I think - really our side of and
maybe your great-great uncle 1995 years
last time I went over a long time
America in Russia there's always too
much paddling going on people that try
to go across they get denied this is
this is my cousin maybe take that your
uncle the great uncle Papa antolia he's
coming he's coming
now you look like you know if you had
mush - looks like you
that's so hard because of separation
between US and Russians makes it hard
for us to even communicate
but dancing a lot of the dances we both
share them I mean there's great many
things were expecting to do there's
great many things we'd like to see
happened but we have to have them here
for it
this is Robert I'm just trying to find
out the situation you know like you said
you guys can't be staying there forever
it's just not different goal right away
once the weather comes down or so the
waters always still rough well that's
the best you guys could do right now is
wait for the bitumen and it's UX your
choice you you guys are up to do it like
I said some of you do have time frame
okay Tom you said y'all keep you
informed
okay you said the Russians are flexible
right now quick that's me you know and
they still want to come on if you want
to come out you're good to have hope but
you know you don't want to keep it up
all the time
last I've heard was they won't fight on
Monday but then I felt during wells and
time to come out cheerful
when I grew up here we had 20 or more
elders around now we have maybe two here
so having this event happen
it is heartfelt for a lot of people
because we always wish this would occur
for damage
you're the only barrier we have is
trying to understand each other with
different languages
I see this really strong connection and
a lot of it have to do it hey we are so
similar with each other
not just blood but in the things we do
traditionally
what no specials every would be there
all the sun and the youngest yeah she's
the one who knows all about ancestry I
can hear that happiness inside that
laughter listening to them just interact
with each other 10 years old so they
were really exchanging talking about
who's dancing and what they're doing
this came from big diamonds and moved to
little dime eat your split copy of their
nephew he's his sister's son earlier he
was saying last time when he saw him he
was much stronger stronger man and he
was asking you did you eat his food what
happened when I was growing years ago
these two on and just like one just like
the let me please to save language they
were you living in their lifestyle is
just same as an office you know we're
gonna miss her
I was there's more like this you know
yeah I agree
you guys might eat tomorrow yeah that
Monday Monday start dying down you can
have that 1200 when you okay morning
buddy how are we Nina
Stevie because you know
when they ask us to go down to the
chopper and greet them I didn't know who
I was really greeting and now that I've
spent a few days with them I think in a
year's time I get my passport you bees
afraid whatever it's in choir we are
going to visit a couple of villagers
there weather permitting
the struggle through life most of it is
not all happy I've gone through great
many things but knowing that you had
time where your heart was just full that
helps you to remember that there's going
to be a better time ahead of you
you
