on an early autumnal day Chiemsee looks
like a scene from a postcard in this
placid place the fort of an intense
election battle seems distant and yet
these other voters all parties must
convince which subjects are most
important to them it's not like it was
two years ago it's calmed down a lot
when the big refugee wave happened it
was a bit weird but now the topic as I
see it is no longer current closing
borders I don't think it works
I think controls yes but closing borders
is nonsense I don't need to talk about
Europe and then close borders and that's
the issue which propelled the politics
of this state international into
European prominence over the course of
this past year with the governing
Christian social Union here threatening
to topple the National Coalition if it
didn't get its way and yet right now in
this campaign it finds itself on the
defensive over this issue in news
conferences CSU ministers admit the
effect immigration has had we have had
many irritations in the past few years
the higher number of refugees that came
into our country the question of
integration and the big controversy
about that in Berlin but the most
important factors we are concentrating
on a strong campaign in recent months
the CSU has sought to move further to
the right to prevent the populist
anti-immigrant AFD from encroaching onto
its ground but analysts say ministers in
Berlin have resisted CSU plans the CSU
could always promise and propose but in
fact they couldn't bring home anything
they promised they over-promised and
under-delivered
this is why conservatives now turn their
back on them and flock to the after
instead which explains why that party is
heading to Sunday's election with
confidence I think it's important for
our country to
get the AFT into the Bavarian Parliament
to make Bavaria also one of the states
that support the opposition against
Merkel and yet in this deeply
conservative State
there are signs not everyone likes the
Wrightwood trend in politics many here
in Kem's a say they want their
politicians to concentrate on schools
health and mainstream issues the local
green candidate says he thinks his party
could spring a surprise in this election
we'll know if he's right on Sunday
evening
Dominic Kane al Jazeera in Bavaria
