welcome to Dandong city on the Chinese
border with North Korea here you get a
sense of China's relationship with its
neighbor a large part of it driven by
trade Chinese goods flow across the
border although international sanctions
have slowed this down somewhat China has
long been a close ally of North Korea
siding with the north in the Korean War
in 1950 and then providing it with
political and economic backing since in
recent years though North Korea's
pursuit of nuclear arms accelerated
under its young leader Kim jong-un has
strained relations but it's in both
countries interest to preserve the
alliance especially when it comes to
dealing with the world's superpower the
United States in China uses North Korea
as a pawn to tell the u.s. if you press
me on the trade war
I can exert my influence on North Korea
as for North Korea it can say to the
u.s. it's not just me negotiating with
you I have China supporting me so you
can't be too harsh on me and need to
take things at my own pace many analysts
say the upcoming summits between US
president Donald Trump and North Korean
leader Kim jong-un would not be taking
place if not for China's backing in
announcing that the summit would take
place on Tuesday trumpet mentioned
Chinese President Xi Jinping whom he
said had helped out quite a bit with
this but only a week before that he had
blamed China for North Korea's hostile
attitude which had led him to cancel the
meeting last month in early May Kim met
President Xi in the Chinese city of
Dalian and Trump suggested that Kim's
attitude changed after that meeting but
with the summit now back on many will be
looking to see what China gets out of it
we are vegas-y boundry the Adamic whole
china doesn't want Western influence at
the door China was a buffer zone but
it's paying a heavy price to maintain
the Kim regime China wants to join the
reconstruction work in North Korea once
this is done the news that the summit is
now back on has generated optimism that
sanctions on North Korea may ease and
with that a boom in business in dando
property prices have soared leading the
local government to tighten regulations
China recently resumed flights between
Beijing and Pyongyang China may not be
at the negotiation table but he'll be
looking to make its presence felt
