hello I'm Haslam seeker this is counting
the cast on al-jazeera
your weekly look at the world of
business and economics Jordans economy
struggling to cope we'll look at the
stresses proving the last straw for many
people also this week the airline
business find out if it's clear skies
ahead or turbulent times for global
carriers in 2018 plus white top coca
growers are trying to grab a biggest
slice of the chocolate market a people
in the Kingdom of Jordan have been
staging angry protests over the rising
cost of living the king was forced to
sack the Prime Minister and the
government had to back down on a
controversial tax hike an IMF back plan
to raise both income and business taxes
is what triggered the protests and
although that's now been scrapped those
measures are just the latest in a string
of reforms earlier this year bread
subsidies were cut and costs have risen
for small businesses Jordan received a
seven hundred and twenty three million
dollar loan from the IMF in 2016 and the
government has a three year plan in
action to bring down debt levels and
then there's the economic impact of
hosting hundreds of thousands of
refugees from neighbouring Syria and
Iraq Jordans debt amounts to around 37
billion dollars which is about 94
percent of GDP and according to official
estimates 18 and a half percent of the
10-million population is unemployed
despite being home to some of the
world's most important historical sites
like the agent city of Petra Jordan is
resource poor it relies on aid and loans
from its oil-rich neighbours and the
United States the Jordan has also been
hit by conflicts in neighbouring Syria
and Iraq it's taken in around 1.3
million refugees from Syria alone well
joining us now from the Jordanian
capital Amman is dr. Jordan Annie
chairman of a man stock exchange and a
former Deputy Prime Minister in one of
the previous governments thanks very
much for being with us so
the Jordanian government has pushed
through these austerity measures for the
better part of two years now and the
effect of it for millions of Jordanians
is a higher cost of living and it's
clear that there's a great deal of
public anger there and it's not going
away so what's to be done well right now
I think that we need after six years of
austerity measures actually to look into
the self-criticism and evaluate what had
happened so the best way is to change
the paradigm which we have been
following so far to concentrate on
fiscal policy and fiscal reform without
affecting any development has actually
proved that we have got neither one
neither we succeeded in fiscal reform
nor have we caused any growth tangible
growth that would may enable us to face
the twin problem of unemployment and
poverty
so therefore the best way is now to
focus on pro-people policies that would
aim and focus on effect on creating
economic growth creating projects
tangibles deliverables that people can
identify with and feel that the
government is working for them and it is
a peoples oriented approach but how do
you do that these people are oriented
policies as you say without adding to
government debt which is what the
government is trying to reduce we need
to ask the International Monetary Fund
for two years holiday that we should we
should not increase taxes let even if it
takes it we I need to borrow to invest
not more to cover current expenditures
alright just picking up way we have to
do that just picking up on that point
about the IMF do you think that they
would be amenable to that to to
adjusting their policies extending the
program in order to give some some sort
of breathing space for the Jordanian
government and by extension the
Jordanian people yes sir I think that
the IMF just like any other
international
they are looking for success stories to
tell the rest of the world
we're not asking that IMF to change its
own model but we are asking them that
instead of decreasing the debt GDP ratio
from ninety six percent to seventy seven
percent by the end of 2021 to make that
in 2023 now that will be terrible if we
really begin to create growth if we grow
the denominator which is the GDP is
going to grow and therefore the
percentage of if we manage to maintain
deficit as is then we can cause a
decrease a percentage decrease and this
ratio and so this is the only approach
you have to do and that requires a very
strong effort on the part of the
Jordanian government part of the
Jordanian people and the private sector
and you have to engage the whole
population because this is how you
create synergy in the society you
restore the spirit people are over
exhausted from taxes and they cannot
take it anymore
but if you really address them feel that
you are in pathetic with them they will
begin to respond to your policies
otherwise we would continue to do the
same using the same ingredients using
the same process and hoping to end up
with a different dish that is not going
to happen
he talked earlier there about what you
refer to as external challenges there is
of course the ongoing war in Syria which
has been going on since since 2011 and
the and the refugee problem that's
resulted from that Jordan has taken a
huge amount of Syrian refugees how much
of a drain has that been on on its
economy well it has been a big drain on
the economy of course increase in
population usually causes it causes a
decrease and increase in GDP that goes
without saying but the increase in GDP
was no way commensurate with increase in
the population on average it or Danian
has been has been suffering from a
decrease in in his per capita income
every year over the last six years this
burdensome and people are asking when is
there a hope therefore you know at least
if I look at it from this welfare point
you can see that
j-jordan a people have been paying in
terms of decreased income that's coming
their way
secondly you know they have been facing
increasing levels of cost of living
because refugees are crowding out the
market they are causing demands on the
basic necessities and manage your
dinners find that they have to go and
seek some of the services that are
usually provided by government go like
education and health care and so on go
and seek it in the private sector which
causes them to pay higher higher prices
that would impact their budgets as well
so therefore we reached a stage where
many Jordanian budget families budgets
have been actually strained and they are
asking now the question is it my budget
or is it the government's budget and now
we need to enhance people's budgets so
that they can spend more they can feel
more relaxed and they that will
automatically lead in due time to the
increase in government revenues good to
speaking dr. Jared and any joining us
there from Amman thank you
another country that is in need of IMF
cash is Argentina it's agreed a bigger
than expected fifty billion dollar
financing deal the government there
asked for the imf's help to stop its
economy from sliding into crisis the
currency has seen steep Falls versus the
dollar and inflation is running at 28%
many Argentines are opposed to IMF help
they still blame it for the country's
economic collapse and debt default back
in 2001 well Alan civilus from the
National University of general Sarmiento
blames Argentina's current problems on
bad government policies we're going back
to the IMF because of an economic crisis
essentially generated by the policies of
the Mochrie administration since they
assumed in
December of 2015 Argentina's main issue
is the foreign exchange constraint what
economists call the foreign exchange
constraint ie the lack of foreign
exchange or dollars as they say here to
meet its external needs be a trade to be
its tourism be its debt service and so
the way the Argentine government has
gone about solving that problem under
mockery has been a very dramatic
increase in public debts alright still
to come on counting the cost a summit in
Singapore find out what North Korea
wants on the economic front when Trump
meets Kim
but first fighters and footballers top
the list of sports moneymakers over the
last 12 months I'm talking about
Forbes annual ranking of the world's top
100 highest-paid athletes Floyd
Mayweather leads the list the now
retired American boxer heads the pack
for the fourth time in 7 years earning
285 million dollars footballers Leonel
Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo round out
the top three basketball is one game
that's more likely to make you rich 40
NBA players made the list this year led
by LeBron James more than any other
sport there are no women on this year's
list for the first time since 2010
tennis star Serena Williams was the only
female athlete last year and those who
are listed earned a total of 3.8 billion
dollars in 2017 now iPhone maker Apple
have acknowledged what many have been
saying for a while now its products have
become too addictive so in recognition
of that it's announced plans to launch
new features designed to help you use
your phone less but at the same time
Apple is also designing even more new
features to keep you staring at your
screen a major policy shift for Africa's
fastest-growing economy Ethiopia's new
prime minister wants to loosen the
government's reins so in future
state-run telecoms power and a VA
in sectors can attract private money
analysts are welcoming the move and for
now on Ethiopian Airlines Africa's
largest carrier will no longer be
off-limits to foreign and domestic
investors oh it could be seeing some
higher air fares in the not-too-distant
future that's because rising fuel prices
are hitting airline profits around the
world aviation trade body IATA this week
cut its profit outlook for 2018 jet fuel
prices have surged more than 50 percent
over the past year it said trade
tensions also pose a risk for global
carriers a year ago a blockade by four
Arab countries on Qatar banned its flag
carriers jets from their skies and it's
meant heavy losses for the airline
Andrew Thomas met with Qatar Airways CEO
Akbar Al Beckett in Sydney this time
last year just before the blockade was
announced Qatar Airways was flying in
every sense of the word your profits
were up you were expanding new routes
then the blockade and it's been a
different story since how much has that
blockade affected you as an airline do
you think that Qatar Airways stopped
flying we are still flying
we are still expanding and it did impact
us that it increased our flying time it
put pressure on my operational cost but
it did not stop the will and the
determination of us to keep on our path
of growth and this year actually since
the blockade we have received the best
airline of the year we have received
over 30 aircraft we have added over 19
destinations and we have continued our
investments in both catalyst of fake and
fly and editor Lee the impact has only
been on my bottom line but not on our
determination to keep on continuing well
let's talk about that bottom line you
made a 500 million dollar profit in
2016-17 you've talked about five hundred
and thirty four million you've talked
about a substantial loss this
financially how big is that loss gonna
be and how long is that sustainable
those sorts of losses I cannot tell you
the amount of the loss because we have
still not finished
our accounting process but we should be
announcing our losses in not-too-distant
future however we can sustain this
losses for the foreseeable future but we
cannot sustain these losses if the
blockage continues for beyond the
horizon that we have in mind so let's
talk worst case scenario the blockade
does carry on long term are you going to
need investment from Qatari government
my answer is yes I should not fool
anybody
we are state-owned company the the
shareholder of Qatar Airways is the
state of Qatar and when there is a
requirement for capital injection of
course the business will go to its owner
to ask for capital injection do you
think that's likely at the moment I
don't think it is likely but I don't
know I cannot give you four for certain
an answer what about expansion plans
into the US do you feel that you've
settled the dispute with the US
government by well you're planning to
publish your accounts in full we never
had any dispute with the United States
we had dispute with the three carriers
that were crying foul we have proven to
them that we have always been publishing
our accounts they had accessed our
accounts and we had also in the past
told them that we have no intention of
fifth freedom carriage over Europe so at
the end of the day they did not get
anything more than what we were doing in
the past anyway so all this fuss about
us getting subsidy and not publishing
our accounts was mayor public relations
exercise by them to gain support from
their unions we feel it's over now I
think it is over because we have signed
a document with the United States
government and the matter has been put
to rest and we will continue to to
deliver on what we have agreed with the
government of the United States
you've talked in the past about
defeating the blockade what would that
mean in practice what does the feat mean
defeat means that they did not meet any
of their targets that they blockaded us
to achieve we have not capitulate it we
have not given in into any demands we
have continued our growth Qatar has
annuities investments Qatar has
continued its normal life and Qatar has
been very well supplied by Qatar Airways
we've got a new Secretary of State in
the US Mike Pompeo very different
character to Rex Tillerson does that
change anything there well he already
told them that enough is enough
so the message is very clear now it is
for the international community to put
pressure that this should not last any
longer if they don't want us to operate
into their countries if they don't want
trade with our countries it's fine but
to blockade a country is against
international norms and international
civilized behavior which I have said
already in the past I am sure that there
would be a time when the United States
will put pressure and a continuous
pressure that this blockade must be
lifted immediately now we're taking a
look at the underbelly of supply chains
on the one end you see a bar of
chocolate in a shiny wrapping but let's
rewind a little bit from the expensive
processing and marketing the Ivory Coast
and Ghana are the world's first and
second biggest coca producers and many
people they are so poor that they can
never afford the final product so the
two governments have decided to team up
to get a bigger share of the global
chocolate profits they say they'll
coordinate production levels and sales
policies and that could mean the cost of
a bar of chocolate will go up candy
industry publishes an annual list of the
top 100 global confectionary companies
ranking them by net sales in 2017 the
American manufacturer Mars was ranked as
the leading confectionery company in the
world with sales of about eighteen
billion u.s. dollars it's an E base
Ferrero group which makes kinder and
Nutella came in at number two and
Mondelez international which makes
branded chocolate such as Cadbury ranked
third net sales coming in at eleven and
a half billion dollars last year well
joining us now via Skype from Davos
Switzerland is antony fountain managing
director of the voice networker co
mission of European NGOs and trade
unions that focus on sustainable coca
thanks very much for being with us so
can I assume that you are in favor of
what Ivory Coast and Ghana are trying to
do here in terms of of getting a bigger
share of the Spoils tell us why and why
now in the last year and a half we've
seen a major price crisis in the cocoa
sector that specifically in Cote
d'Ivoire has had devastating results for
cocoa farmers they've seen their income
reduced by about 30 37 percent overnight
these farmers were already desperately
so measures need to be taken to address
the extreme poverty in our cocoa farmers
and there's a very important role for
governments to play in this the price
crash was to a large extent due to
overproduction and so the two major coca
producing nations really should work
together to ensure that there is a
higher cocoa price through managing the
supply that might take some time before
those effects start getting in but it is
essential that they start moving forward
start working together and start working
on a better income for cocoa farmers
amongst others through pricing
interventions how much power do the
cocoa producers have here because in
terms of taking on the chocolate
industry as it currently is they are up
against some powerful forces on the
other side in the truck of the companies
so we look at the way prices are set a
lot of that is done through kind of
terminal markets which is a very complex
set of computers basically looking at
how and what's happening and so that's
almost impossible to change but if you
look at the fact that Ghana and Cote
d'Ivoire together to about two-thirds of
all of the cocoa in the world then if
they would want to and if they make the
right interventions they could very much
impact
the situation of the world's cocoa
market at least in the short to medium
term there it's a no-brainer that if
you've got two countries that do so much
cocoa of course they can have an impact
if they want to the problem potentially
as well though is that you have two
countries there who have very different
policies when it comes to the to the
cocoa market they they have different
ways of going about it about setting the
price and so on how do you get them to
cooperate well they've started working
together now at least top level of
trying to talk with each other which for
the longest time they were direct
competitors and so kind of these for
these first tentative steps are good
first steps the question really is how
is this going to work out and the medium
to long term and that will require a lot
more trust than they currently have in
each other and to be very honest I think
it'll also require more integrity that
they'll do the right thing because in
the end historically speaking both
nations have really tried to get the
bigger pieces apart for themselves
understandably so but that that that in
economic terms we talk about a zero-sum
game when one person wins that the other
person's loss and it doesn't work that
way and they need to work together to
get to a better position for their
farmers from a consumer perspective is
this eventually gonna mean us paying
more for chocolates at the at the sweet
shops oh I certainly hope so because
currently we're not paying for what
we're buying there's a lot of hidden
costs in the chocolate that we buy that
we're simply too cheap to pay for it
cost of child labour and deforestation
and extreme poverty the people hanged
for that are the farmers and future
generations so I certainly hope that we
will end up paying more for our
chocolate because we're not getting
enough now appreciate you talking to us
Anthony fountain joining us there from
Davos thanks very much means thank you
and finally it is the first-ever meeting
between a North Korean leader and a
sitting US president an anticipation is
running high one issue that North Korea
will want to discuss is its economy
investors believe there will be good
times ahead if things go well in
Singapore Scot Heine reports all eyes
are on Singapore for next week's Trump
Kim summit but what comes after the
handshakes and the photos Mattia tomba
is a singapore based international
investment expert he conducted a
business workshop in North Korea three
years ago it was done through the
nonprofit group chosen exchange that has
been operating in Pyongyang for several
years he thinks that if and when North
Korea Rhee integrates into the global
market it'll act as the world's cheapest
Factory but the process will take years
and its biggest ally China will benefit
the most there is no other place in the
world like North Korea so by definition
would be the cheapest place sellers
would be extremely low so there will be
an interestin mainly for the Chinese to
produce goods there he sees North
Korea's path to be similar to that of
one of its Asian neighbors to the south
we can see the case of Myanmar for
example where sanctions have been lifted
so companies can operating in the
country but so far the main partner
remains China for the others is still
difficult to operate and adjust in this
environment while China has a huge head
start as an investment in trading
partner with North Korea some other
nations are well-positioned including
the summit's host Singapore has
maintained diplomatic relations with
North Korea since 1975 and the nation
had been a trading partner with North
Korea but suspended trade and stopped
issuing work permits once tougher UN
sanctions were imposed occupying prime
real estate in central Singapore just
around the corner from Parliament the
North Korean embassy occupies a few
floors in this nondescript building on
the heels of meeting US Secretary of
State Mike Pompeo in Washington
Singapore's Foreign Minister Vivienne
Balakrishnan is in Pyongyang this week
for an official visit he said having the
summit in singapore shows his country is
trusted as an honest moderator and the
meeting is a contribution to world peace
but we won't know until next week just
how big or small this contribution might
be nor how long it will be before the
promises of more prosperous North Korea
can take
and that is our show for this week
remember you can get in touch with us by
tweeting me ATS has them secret and use
the hashtag a JCTC when you do or drop
us an email counting the cost at al
jazeera dotnet is our address and it's
more for you online at Al Jazeera comm
slash CTC that'll take you straight to a
page which has got individual reports
links and entire episodes for you to
catch up on that's it for this edition
of counting the cost and Haslem seeker
from the whole team here thanks for
joining us the news on al Jazeera is
next
