it's a wake-up alarm that dates back
centuries just before dawn during
ramadhan across the Middle East men
known as Musa herati called people to
pray and eat before the fasting begins
but here in the Muslim Quarter of
Jerusalem's Old City for the first time
police have been detaining and fining
them of Sahar Aarti for disturbing the
sleep of the Jewish settlers living here
the police are always harassing us
I've been detained four times accused of
making noises that disturbs the settlers
the settlers get annoyed by everything
we do even the decorations we make for
Ramadan annoys them the old city is
split in two the Muslim Jewish Christian
and Armenian quarters but for the past
50 years Jewish settlers have also been
moving into the Muslim Quarter now up
here is where while a settler families
live and the guys stop the music as they
go past the house but that's not been
enough to stop the settlers complaining
to the police
and the settlers complained again
tonight there are Jewish homes here this
woman says this is going to go on all
month Jerusalem police told Al Jazeera
in a statement that they are constantly
trying to maintain the delicate balance
between allowing and ensuring the
freedom of religion and worship and
maintaining public order and quality of
life for local residents the police see
offenses of noise and disturbing the
peace is one of the most serious
offenses that cause harm to the public
and the quality of life for our local
residents the police presence is
provided for settlers who choose to live
in the heart of the Muslim Quarter with
fines running into the hundreds of
dollars Muhammad's wish to continue this
Ramadan tradition has suddenly become
very expensive Burnett Smith al Jazeera
in occupied East Jerusalem
