Yemen was already one of the poorest
countries in the world before the
regional proxy war took over the country
the saudi-led war on Yemen is now into
its fourth year and hospitals are
struggling to cope we're in the good
hands of God people are sick for years
we have done nothing to be in this
situation we're just citizens here we
have nothing but God this hospital is in
the Houthi controlled port city of heard
a de vital to getting aid and supplies
into the country but fighting nearby is
threatening to close the lifeline to
millions of Yemenis the humanitarian
coordinator in Yemen Liz Grande says
that a military attack or siege on her
data will impact hundreds of thousands
of innocent civilians humanitarian
organizations have rushed to develop a
contingency plan in a prolonged
worst-case we fear that as many as
250,000 people may lose everything even
their lives the u.s. is warned the
United Arab Emirates which is part of
the saudi-led coalition against
attacking the port city these pictures
are said to show military vehicles
belonging to the UAE that have been
captured by the Houthis all sides keen
to showcase their victories in what is
just as much a propaganda war some aid
agencies such as the Red Cross have sent
staff home because of security concerns
leaving millions at the mercy of a
political war with no end in sight and
aid agencies describe what is happening
in Yemen as the world's worst
humanitarian crisis it's definitely
decker al Jazeera
