Donald Trump versus the rest of the
world the stage is set for a g7 summit
showdown America's allies are angry
about Trump's trade tariffs and are
threatening to hit back so I'll be
closer to a trade war that could derail
the global economy and will America
first leave America behind this is
inside story
hello and welcome to the program I'm
Elizabeth Branham the leaders of seven
of the world's biggest economies are in
Canada for what could be the most
acrimonious g7 summit in years Donald
Trump's tariffs on steel and aluminium
imports have caused outrage and a war of
words with other world leaders the US
president also finds himself virtually
isolated on the Iran nuclear deal
and climate change our correspondent
John Hanlin reports from Quebec City
inside and outside the g7 summit
disruption has replaced diplomacy on the
streets demonstrators are descending on
Quebec City where Canada's leaders
intend to avert a repeat of the 2001
summit of the Americas where these
streets erupted in riots this time 9,000
police are taking no chances even Quebec
snell assembly is shut down if it turns
bad he didn't get you can get pretty
nasty I want to make sure that we took
the good decision
shopkeepers have boarded up buildings as
the first protesters filled the streets
the first demonstration of the g7 began
peacefully and it turned into a March as
you can see there were speakers people
ate baguettes and hundreds of people
demonstrated but peacefully but when the
police came they showed that they were
prepared in case there was trouble
planners were so concerned that they've
completely secured the summit site at
Charlevoix leaving demonstrators to
gather a hundred and forty kilometers
away in Quebec City at the gathering
itself leaders are calling it the g6
plus one the u.s. against the rest all
six US allies in the group of seven of
the world's largest economies oppose
Donald Trump's tariffs on steel and
aluminum and hope to avert a trade war
but that's good together
perhaps Trump doesn't mind he's being
isolated today but for us here at
matters because these six countries here
represent values they represent the
economic market with a strong history
and as one certainly also represent a
true force on the international level
it's the diplomatic equivalent of a
family intervention as Donald Trump
prepared to
arrived French president Emmanuel macron
and Canadian Prime Minister Justin
Trudeau met to talk about how to talk to
the US president there's no question
that on trade on climate change on some
other issues there will be differences
of perspective but the role of the g7 is
to provide a context to highlight the
ways we work together and work through
some of the differences in perspectives
Trump fired back via Twitter saying in
part please tell Prime Minister Trudeau
and president McCrone that they are
charging the u.s. massive tariffs and
create non-monetary barriers the meeting
could end in a show of unity or a
showdown if you are going to carve the
world up and you're gonna have United
States versus rest of world the rest of
the world is going to be bigger and it's
going to be more important as the
leaders and protesters gather in Quebec
those watching the g7 around the world
remain in suspense wondering whether
history will be made inside the meeting
or outside John Hendren al Jazeera
Quebec City
well let's bring in our panel now on
skype from Ottawa Colin Robertson a
former Canadian diplomat and vice
president of the Canadian Global Affairs
Institute from London in the jeath Padma
from the Department of International
Politics at City University of London
and via Skype from Shizuoka in Japan is
sage Edith agasshi / Dean at the School
of Management of information at the
University of she's a walker a very warm
welcome to all of you mr. Robertson let
me start with you
Walter g7 summit be dominated by a trade
rail well it's certainly gonna be the
backdrop and certainly the media has put
the focus on it and that will be the
subject I think of the most animated
discussions amongst the leaders but as
we know at these g7 's there is a kind
of schedule and there are big issues
that many have been which discussed
which will be at least looked at but I
think the focus is certainly going to be
on trade and protectionism and how the
leaders grow the world economy when
their principal member the United States
is taking a very different approach mr.
Parmar what do you think how much of a
shadow is the trade dispute going to
cast over this g7 summit well it is the
probably the most contentious of several
major issues as you know the there are
kind of challenges to the international
system and its various regimes climate
change and so on as well so I think it's
going to be specifically around trade I
think the most animated is my colleague
in Canada said but I think there's kind
of an underlying worry about the
existence and the persistence of the
international system and it seems to be
under a great deal of pressure at this
moment in time mr. takeshita how do you
see the prospects for this G summit
going into it with the trade dispute
well it would be very very gloomy to say
the least and I think we already have
the taster of that when we look at the
finance ministers meeting as well it's
extremely clear as the two gentlemen has
clearly depicted that the irrational I
would say claim and actions by the
United States who actually should be the
pillar of these
g7 meetings is causing quite a lot of
turmoil and the problem here is that I
think it is disintegrating a lot of
cohesiveness that were built over
decades in the Western Hemisphere and
this is a very very bad timing in the
sense that we're seeing a lot of
geopolitical risks involved particularly
for example like in Asia so this is an
area where we do not want to see a
regression of protectionism thus leading
to trade war this is a very very bad
timing for that I think mr. Robertson as
well as being irrational as mr.
takeshita said how short-sighted or
misguided do you think President Trump's
policy is given that you know steel and
aluminium makers employ what some a
hundred and forty thousand people in the
US but some 6.5 million are employed in
businesses that use steel and aluminium
and whose costs will go up and this is
just talking about the impact on the US
economy let alone the global economy
well you're exactly right and let's not
forget that this was tried in 2002 by
George W Bush who had pressure put on
him to impose similar kind of policies
he did it less expensively Canada was
exempted but within a year he lifted the
tariffs because as levator econometrics
studies showed they'd actually lost far
more jobs than they had created and in
fact what he had done by posing these
tariffs on steel and aluminum had hurt
the American economy much more than it
had helped it and the American steel
industry is close to capacity now and
these require major investments and it's
not going to bring the jobs back because
increasingly when you go to steel plants
it's the man on the dog the dog to watch
the man who watches the robots and mr.
Palmer as mr. Robertson was saying I
think when George W Bush imposed tariffs
on steel imports in 2002 you know some
studies say that the move cost the u.s.
about 200,000 jobs again that's just the
impact nationally as we heard from an
analyst in our report if you have the
u.s. on one side and six of the world's
biggest economies on the other they are
going to be bigger and more important so
how damaging could this be to the US but
also were the retaliate
three measures to the global economy yes
I think it would be damaging to the
United States but I think what I would
say that we have to look at as well is
that this global system with this
various regimes trading security and
other they are supposed to deliver for
the populations of each of those
countries a certain amount of kind of
economic and other security and the
thing is that when you look at brexit
you look at populism of left and right
in Europe and and Trump's rise in the
United States you see growing levels of
nationalism somebody on the Left
somebody on the right and I think what
Trump is trying to respond to is that
kind of nationalism which says the
global globalization has impacted lots
of communities divided devastated them
yeah of course technology has played a
big role too but I think he is trying to
play to that political gallery
he's got the midterms coming up in a few
months yeah and I think he wants to try
to say look I promised you these things
I'm delivering on them but in the long
run this is not actually helping the
United States those people and it's not
really helping American businesses
either so it is very short-sighted and
is mainly politically driven I would say
and mr. takeshita how much of this is
because Trump does you know seem to be
treating trade as a sort of zero-sum
game where they can only be one winner
because the u.s. does have a trade
deficit meaning it imports more than it
exports he sees taxing imports as a way
to win but if this escalates into a
trade war who wins does anybody win well
actually nobody wins without a scintilla
of doubt this is just throwing mud at
each other at the end of the day when we
come in to retire Tory measures the fact
of the matter is that we're all
concerned about the huge eight hundred
billion dollar trade deficit in the
United States but that is exactly where
we come into negotiation not coming out
with very outrageous in a supposition as
we saw in the aluminum steel deal or the
likelihood of the auto deal that's
coming up to raise tax from 2.5 percent
to 25 percent the
problem here on the steel aluminum and
possibly on the other side that's coming
is that there is no rationale behind his
argument at all
this is where it is basically shaving
off the appetite of many of these
coalition countries to help the United
States because of course we do need a
very strong cohesiveness if we are going
to see any kind of financial system
breakdown which some people are
suggesting yeah so this is again
something that we really have to work on
and America in my opinion has to really
wake up mr. Robertson it is because the
other countries don't believe that there
is a rationale behind the policy that
they are planning to take their case to
the World Trade Organization but there
are fears that the WTO body which hears
appeals might not actually be able to
function because the US has resisted new
appointments to that body that's correct
and in fact one of the positive outcomes
if you were to look at what might come
out of this g7 meeting would be if the
leaders including Donald Trump were to
agree to say yes we still need the WTO
as the both the place for discussion but
also its role now is the kind of
arbitration body and you the president
itíd states have got to agree now to the
appointment of more judges on that
appellate body that's important and that
could be a potential outcome and that
should be an asked by the other leaders
of President Trump that would be
constructive I think increasingly we've
got the leaders are now going to have to
try and find constructive solutions to
the problems that mr. Trump is raising
no certainly populism is there there is
a sense that trade has only benefited
the few so the progressive trade agenda
of the Justin Trudeau is bringing
forward which says already there's got
to be adjustments ease there's got to be
focus on labor and the environment
standards I think that's probably where
leaders are going to have to come from
if we're going to restore in some way
respond to mr. Trump and well trade
isn't of course the only area that
they're likely to disagree on at this g7
summit there are plenty of other big
issues on the table climate change is
fueling tensions
between the US and its allies Donald
Trump announced last year he was pulling
out of the International climate Accord
another point of contention is the u.s.
withdrawal from the Iran nuclear deal
it's now hanging by a thread as America
also threatens to boycott countries
doing business with Iran global security
and defense funding will be debated all
g7 countries apart from Japan and NATO
members and then there's next week's
high stakes summit between Trump and
North Korean leader Kim jong-un on the
denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula
so let's talk about some of the other
very important issues that are likely to
come up at the summit mr. Parmar you
know French president Emmanuel macron
has said that we're all engaged in
conflicts in Syria Iraq we are allies
and that you cannot among allies in this
international context start a trade war
if countries can't work together on
trade could that affect other areas of
the relationships like security it could
but I don't think it necessary will
because either idea to some extent
they're separate questions as well there
has been a great deal of collaboration
over the Syrian question for example and
in other areas well if you look at
Ukraine and so on I mean there are some
national differences so I don't think
necessarily that's going to be the case
but what it does do it it's ours those
relations but in the end I think if you
look at the way in which all these
different regimes have operated there
has been a sense of change from the
beginnings of the g6 in the 70s anyway
the g6 came about partly because the
situation after 1945 had radically
altered Japan was much stronger West
Germany was much stronger Europe in
general so you form a g6 and later on
Russia was involved as well and became
as g8 but the world situation changes so
I think these international relations
and organizations and regimes they do
shift over time but I think in regard to
the other security and other questions
yeah there is an issue about the kind of
international agreements but I don't
think there's necessarily going to be a
major change on the security front
because of the trade dispute well
another international agreement that
Donald Trump has of course cracked as
Iran nuclear deal mr. takeshita French
president Makran has also said that the
US presidents abrogation last month of
that deal casts doubt on the credibility
of a nuclear agreement with North Korea
does he have a point there well I would
say that all this turmoil is certainly
causing again it will regress back into
the relationship of doing business at
the end of the day because obviously
like you say there's an indirect
sanction that will be imposed to many of
these European nations and for that
reason I can clearly see that for
example the Japanese are backing off
quite rigorously from making any further
investments because they can see the
further turmoil and uncertainty
ambiguity that is that is rising quite
rapidly so certainly it is not helping
at all in any hand under this situation
and again the move from Europe we can
also see that there will be a lot of
cracks that are appearing maybe from
political side but that will definitely
impose cracks on the the economic issue
as well so again it is not doing anybody
any good and certainly I don't see any
advancement at least the positive one
that could be seen at this moment and
mr. takeshita president Trump is also
having a bilateral meeting with Japanese
Prime Minister Shinzo Abe a that's
expected to focus on North Korea just
four days ahead of the summit between
president Trump and Kim jong-un how is
prime minister RB going to maintain that
sort of more hardline stance against
Pyongyang without undermining Japan's
most important partner at the summit
it's a really really tricky question
there because basically he has to fight
back with against mr. Trump on possible
imposition of like car tax which he is
thinking about raising from 2.5 to 25
percent because Japan is being unfair
the fact of the matter is that our
imposition of taxes to American car is
zero and the level of for example you
know export have halved over the years
because we're you know progressing in in
local production so all the things that
you know mr. Trump is accusing Japan for
example it's totally wrong
in statistical means but mr. Abbey can't
go too far because of the political
issue that you were mentioning about we
are under the umbrella of the United
States as far as security is concerned
and especially with the North Korean
issues the indirect imposition of
pressure by the United States to China
is probably the only big key Japan here
is the bystander virtually so it's very
very difficult for mr. Ave to go
excessively strong in these you know uh
trade issues because there is the
political issue with North Korea at the
table as well and mr. Robertson I
imagine that Prime Minister Abe a isn't
the only world leader who would feel
like they can't they can't go
particularly strong against Donald Trump
at the summit Teresa may has her own
pressures with brexit oh they've all got
pressures on them but what the beauty of
the g7 is and remember if this is a
culmination of the year-long process a
lot of the issues that are discussed up
in a sense been precooked because we've
had development ministers finance
ministers central bankers foreign
ministers meeting in the process that
leads to this the summit those are the
pinnacle of the g7 movement it is per
going now for 44 years so the
discussions that will take place are
meant to provide the leaders and then
this was part of Canadian ovation of
Justin Trudeau's father Pierre Trudeau
informally we don't see a lot of what
goes behind the closed doors there
they're talking privately they've all
met each other you'll name a new person
there is Prime Minister Conte of Italy
so I think there will be frank
discussions on these issues and mr.
Trump he's already signaled through his
tweets where he's coming from and mr.
Parma you know at the end of the summit
the group usually releases a statement a
joint statement detailing their policy
positions that they agree on France and
Germany have already warned that that
they won't sign the final agreement
unless the US make some major policy
concessions what would those concessions
have to be and do you think that the US
will make them
well I think it is such so public and a
statement which is going to come out
that I think Donald Trump cannot afford
to look weak and I don't think he's
going to be able to go Paul back too far
on the kind of tarish that he's already
announced there may be a little bit of
compromise he's a transactional list
after all but in the end this is a big
power play the u.s. knows he's got
basically three big power advantages
it's not market access it's got the
dollar and it's got the military and I
think what Donald Trump is trying to do
he's trying to show the world and his
people themselves that he is gonna
leverage all of those yeah to try to
benefit what he argues is his political
base and I saw I think that final
statement is going to be a very tricky
issue indeed mr. Thakur's Schieffer do
you think the group will be able to
reach consensus on any substantive issue
I think it would be very difficult in
many sense considering what the two
gentlemen also has depicted already the
fact of the matter is that mr. Trump
probably knows that he is being very
unreasonable but he has reason for being
unreasonable because of the coming
election and the fact is that he
utilized these cards as a strong hold
and one of the worries that we have
under these kinds of situation is that
once you've shown your sword and you
have basically threatened your
opposition you basically put the sword
back but the fact of the matter is that
it's a situation where there's a
retaliation that's coming meaning that
he may have to use that sword
now that is when we see the bloodshed of
trade wars and unfortunately at this
point I think it would be very difficult
for other nations to come back to say
that they do not disagree with they
agree with you know mr. Trump so I think
we're very difficult to come with the
consensus that includes the United
States gentlemen we don't have very long
left in the program and I would like to
ask a very quick question to all of you
if there is no consensus of the final
joint statement as missing signatories
what does it mean you know does it
matter given that it's only a symbolic
show of unity it's not a binding
document with concrete policy mr.
Robertson I'll start with you well I
think the fact that
we'll be some things I think there
probably will be a communique it may be
short like it was in Italy I think there
there have already agreed on things like
gender women's empowerment cleaning up
the oceans these are small but not
insignificant you know 30 years ago
climate really wasn't on the agenda the
g7 leaders helped put it on the agenda
so yes on trade we're not likely to
reach consensus but on a number of other
things what is important about the g7 it
is it is a process and it is the top
table for the big democracies mr. Parmar
yeah I think that the g7 is symptomatic
of the way in which the world world
power is structured it doesn't include
everybody like China India for example
but I think in the India does reflect a
degree of interdependence and we
shouldn't forget how interdependent are
these economies their financial systems
their policing intelligence and security
systems so although there is a spat
there is a kind of degree of centrifugal
forces going on but I think in the end
those those elites which maintain those
broad systems I think they're not going
to necessarily dissipate entirely so
there will be a communique and so on but
there are some ruptures clearly emerging
which have been coming along for quite
some time particularly the end of the
Cold War really and mr. takeshita well
with the emergence or possibly emergence
of the worries of a financial turmoil
that's arising for example I can
Argentina or in Italy I think we do need
to find some kind of consensus
communique but that said I think what
we're seeing is the the fact that you
know six of the seven nation
agree to disagree rather than anything
else at least on the bottom line of the
trade issues all right mr. takeshita
thank you very much for that and thank
you to all of our guests that is Colin
Robertson in Ottawa in their jet Pharma
in London and said you wrote a caseta in
Shizuoka and thank you too for watching
you can see the programme again any time
by visiting our website aljazeera.com
and for further discussion do go to our
Facebook page that's facebook.com /aj
and side-story you can also join the
conversation on twitter i handle
at age a inside story from me Elizabeth
puranam and the whole team here bye for
now
you
you
