on a sunny day in Berlin these people
wait their turn to cast their ballots in
elections many think could be decisive
for Turkey's future and which here at
least seemed to be dividing opinion I
wrote afore I do one today because I see
no other candidate that has done so many
good things for Turkey
for me it was an easy choice ok broke
time in Turkey needs new energy and
change for that reason I'm voting for
Muharram injur he's the right one for
Turkey
he promises great things and has some
clue of what he's doing the expatriate
Turkish electorate here is the biggest
in Europe in last year's constitutional
referendum almost half of all the expert
votes were cast in Germany and with some
opinion polls suggesting a closer result
this time the parties are pushing for
every vote Kenan Collett is a prominent
member of the Turkish community in
Germany and supports the opposition CHP
he told us what victory would mean for
his side as my tiny Baruch their first
we would try to bring calm both to the
money markets and our economy but also
to the political situation in the first
six months in office we would try to
amend many of the laws that president
Erdogan has brought in by decree and
instead try to reestablish Turkey as a
country grounded in human rights
Remzi aru leads the alliance of German
Democrats movement which is aligned with
Turkey's governing act party
he thinks this election can usher in a
period of consolidation I think this is
a decisive election for Turkey because
we've had a historic change to a more
presidential system and I hope that the
continuity of leadership we've had these
past 15 years can continue for another
five and that we can consolidate our new
constitutional structures and make them
a success the question for voters here
on the first day that they can cast
their ballots is do they want to support
the parties that favor President erawan
or do they oppose them these are central
questions in this entire debate here in
Germany or no the answer when the votes
are counted
dominic kane al jazeera
