this is what remains of Mexico Beach a
community that officials say has been
all but wiped out the eye of Hurricane
Michael came ashore with devastating
consequences
most heeded the warnings to leave the
search for those that ignored the
evacuation orders is growing
increasingly desperate when the storm
hit it brought winds of 250 kilometers
an hour making it one of the most
powerful hurricanes to make landfall in
the u.s. it's like our lives are gone
you know our lives everything we have is
gone out and stuff we lost all our cars
everything this stuff was so LS anyway I
can't it's torture sort of just hard to
realize just what just happened is stuff
that surviving it it's the best the most
important thing I think is it just being
able to survive this in nearby Panama
City - the picture is grim the cleanup
here will be time-consuming and costly
but search and rescue efforts are a
priority the National Guard on the
ground along with search and rescue
crews but challenges remain one of the
things that's compounding the problems
here are situations like this way you've
got downed trees and they are everywhere
all across the Florida Panhandle and
that is especially important for one
reason that means the emergency services
search and rescue can still not get to
the areas where they're most needed as
the powerful storm headed inland it
brought misery to Georgia and the
Carolinas but it's what happened here
along the Florida Panhandle that will
leave the longest lasting impact and a
Gallacher al Jazeera East Point Florida
