nor Paul knows all about the needs of
her community she's both doctor and
refugee in the malla camp and is getting
a new pair of glasses but says basic eye
care is not easy to come by I'm an eye
doctor but we don't have any equipment
to treat patients in the refugee camp
people come to me with eye problems so I
do basic checks but we need more these
doctors from an American not-for-profit
organization are providing inexpensive
eyewear to refugees and villagers in
remote areas of Thailand they have a new
tool to work with that allows anyone to
conduct I check ups and provide 3d
printed glasses in just 20 minutes
the first team on the ground outside of
a university setting or an army setting
that is actually using this system so
it's early in its infancy but there are
tremendous tremendous potential that we
see for this really getting out there
and really helping a lot of people see
most of the more than 100,000 refugees
in these camps in Thailand have fled
Myanmar southeast in current state where
Karen nationalists have been fighting
for independence for almost 70 years
but funding from international aid
groups has dwindled in recent years
prompting many refugees to consider
returning to Myanmar but they're told
it's still not safe renewed fighting
between Korean nationalists and the
Myanmar military has displaced thousands
more people since March regular the
refugees need to coordinate with the
Karen Peace Council first to verify how
safe it is to go back they should not go
back on their own because if something
happens no one will take responsibility
for the safety of their lives
with intermittent conflict forcing many
of these refugees to stay put and aid
cuts to the camps this innovative new
program is bringing much-needed care to
a neglected community yard mohim al
Jazeera
