Durga aldicott says police beat his son
to death it happened during a farmers
protest in the central Indian city of
months or last year his wife Erica had
just returned home from giving birth
koncham Duquette never got to see his
baby girl I want justice
my son should get justice my
daughter-in-law deserves justice
the culprits should be punished and
hanged they beat my son broke his head
legs and hands now who will take care of
his children for years farmers have been
protesting against declining prices for
produce like milk seed oils vegetables
and cereal they say they're struggling
to survive and need loan waivers
guaranteed minimum income and government
help to get more for their produce but
while there have been loan write-offs
for farmers in the past some economists
say these are often short-term fixes
that fail to deal with the bigger issues
like climate change and meeting new
consumer demand in 17 of India's state's
of farmers making on average around
three hundred dollars a year but expect
that income to plummet if monsoon rains
are bad or there's a drought that's left
more than half of India's farming
households in debt and under enormous
pressure at least 300,000 farmers have
killed themselves in a 20-year period
most commentators say that's a
conservative figure more than half of
India's population that's slightly over
half a billion people are employed in
farming that gives farmers significant
political clout especially with upcoming
state elections and a general vote next
year the ruling BJP RT last week lost a
by-election in a sugar producing region
of uttar pradesh and the head of the
opposition Indian National Congress
party Rao Gandhi and muddier Pradesh for
campaigning in state elections made a
direct appeal to farmers including
country abducted
father they have to come up with a long
lasting solution and I think that has to
be at a tackle at a national level
rather than a state-by-state district by
district level which is how things work
now a year after Han Shyam duck head was
killed in these protests around half a
million farmers in the north and west of
India are on strike for these farmers
this milk is worth more to them spilled
on the streets than making money from it
Mira and ohand al Jazeera
