in war-torn Afghanistan simply going to
school can be a privilege especially if
you're a girl
two out of three girls don't attend
school despite billions of dollars in
aid spent on education over the last two
decades I'm Steve Chow on this episode
of 101 East we investigate why so many
of Afghanistan's girls are kept outside
of the classroom
it's the dawn of a new school day across
Afghanistan and girls from the dash D
bar cheapest tricked a poor neighborhood
in West Kabul begin making their way to
class first a trickle and soon a steady
stream by 6:00 a.m. they are pouring
through the gates
they're steep for knowledge ready to
learn if 6 a.m. seems early for school
it is that's because this is the first
of three ships here it's the only way to
accommodate the more than 14,000
students on the school wall split almost
evenly between girls and boys over the
next week we've been given extremely
rare access inside the Scioto Shahadah
school to try to understand what life is
like for a girl going to school in
Afghanistan in school the condition is
too hard for girls and in our country we
have lots of problems back in school we
have more problems
sixteen-year-old madness' alia has been
a student at seattle Shahadah since
grade one over that time she and
principal Aquila Tavakoli have seen the
numbers of girls at their school more
than double okay it's our school and we
have seven or eight buildings here and
there are a seven thousand student here
the gears seven thousand just Ria's just
cares seven thousand
the huge increase in the numbers of
girls studying at sayyidil Shahadah is a
welcome sign of progress compared to the
days when the Taliban were in power and
girls were forbidden from going to
school but the school's enormous growth
has a major consequence to many students
and not enough classrooms so we have a
few buildings here yeah which ones are
for girls the one is Silvestre - with a
madrasah she's saying that that building
is from a vice that building the product
from the bite that buildings are from
the buys those we are seeing the
buildings these are all the back of the
building awesome boys or the Vice yes
where are the girls that's the score of
the girls
we don't have classroom please teddy
we don't have buildings I'll go and just
just for yes all of them did the
buildings are from the bus but we don't
have any building how many classes in
three times we have more than 40 class
Cora classiness particular three times a
day yeah three times a day especially
girls okay just girls our dear the bus
will not good you mustn't dizziness
there is only one high school in this
neighborhood which is why the girls come
from far away the population is growing
day by day the girls come knocking on
our door to be enrolled we cannot tell
them no we have to accept them but we
don't have enough space that's why we
have problems
lack of infrastructure is only one of
many reasons why so many Afghan girls
are out of school in fact no one
actually knows how many girls are in
school not even the Afghan government
the Ministry of Education is not sure
how many students are there is at 11
million or is it 7.2 million is it 8
million and nobody knows exactly how
many students are they that's just one
of several findings of a recent
independent review on corruption within
the Ministry of Education released late
last year the results made headlines
across the country it found widespread
corruption throughout the education
system muzaffer Shah is the former
director and Afghanistan's
anti-corruption watchdog an author of
the report after spending billions and
billions of dollar in the last 16 years
we have not been able actually to have
any kind of building for most of those
schools our finding shows that literally
money was taken in cash to remote parts
of Afghanistan by the trustees and we
had information that the money did not
make to the right people
at Seattle Shahadah there aren't even
enough classrooms for the boys many
classes are held in the hallways or in
stairwells wherever a teacher can carve
out space the only place you won't find
boys attending class is in a tent or out
in the open with the girls together
bison girls we didn't wish to lack of
the classes okay
we had enough classes here but right now
we have too much people we have too much
student here because of this there is no
place recognizing the desperate need at
the school Japanese donors built two new
buildings five years ago so girls would
have their own classrooms but the school
Shura the community leaders decided to
give those buildings to the girls school
is belongs to ask two girls because when
foreigners were coming
we were under the Sun we were under the
rain but the foreigners makes it even
did the schools France but right now is
this bicycle I don't know why do you
feel angry about that aren't you angry
yes because in the past it's the failure
when they are coming so they will think
about us about about the gears ok but
right now it's the bicycle I don't know
why and it's riot makes me really angry
that's why I always that right of the
girls are like this improving education
especially for girls is a well-known
objective for international donors
principal Aquila says the local
community gave the buildings to the boys
thinking that donors would come back to
build more classrooms for the girls
woody Martin people think NGOs come here
to work only for girls so the community
decided the buildings should be for the
boys I don't know if the school's
management or others interfered these
issues are always decided by the male's
and school management
thirty years did the donors ever come
back after they built the building
they came once to visit then went back
the security situation continues to
deteriorate in Afghanistan as a result
very few international donors are able
to visit the projects they support so
many rely on third party monitors to do
that work which according to the
anti-corruption committee opens yet
another avenue for corruption we found
that the school monitor is instead of
doing proper monitoring of the quality
of the education they have been working
for themself you know to go to some of
this school to kind of harass the
teachers in the school administration
get money from them and then to their
evaluation once they were happy we are
an example a school that we were working
with in Badakhshan which has a thousand
kids on the register who actually when
we went in there there were twelve kids
coming to school Ian Kaplan is a
researcher who contributed to the
anti-corruption report as an education
specialist he works with a Norwegian NGO
providing support for schools throughout
Afghanistan including this School for
the Deaf in Kabul Kaplan says he's
fortunate to be able to visit the
projects as NGO supports it's often kind
of difficult for donors to be able to do
that because of security concerns but
also sometimes it's not always the
interest to go out and follow up on
these things and to go out and visit so
it doesn't happen very often I think you
mean you
a feeling for something in a way that
you don't if you're sitting behind a
desk you know you see people and you see
them engaging and learning and I mean
for me that's the reason to be here
without that I would just lose the
feeling for it I think all together but
he says lack of donor access and
oversight is only one of the issues
affecting girls education in Afghanistan
while girls lacking so much more than
boys when it comes to education well I
think you know at least in the past
there had been just much more of a focus
on just getting anyone into school first
and then it was easier to get boys into
school and and you know and also just
because of gender norms you know that
the more attention has been focused on
boys and on girls generally see in this
country that you are living they're
always playing saying that the girls
cannot the girls cannot the girls cannot
always sing the girls come off as the
top levels of the Afghan government and
the international community deal with
the findings of the anti-corruption
report the staff and the girls at say
Adel Shahada face more immediate issues
the first shift of the school day from
6:00 a.m. to 10:00 a.m. is almost over
and while four hours might seem a little
light on school time it may be a
blessing in disguise
because any longer and the girls may
have to use the toilet
Raja katha Bamba we have 7000 girls but
both male and female students have to
use the same time we tell them during
some leaves do it at home before coming
to school have you ever gone to the
toilet in your school yes I was seven
years old that I went to in school and
it's a real bad situation here that even
the biggest kind of good your even
because of the bike also I say sube Adam
was impolite through a desk my poor
working conditions in most schools make
it more difficult to attract female
teachers yet they're desperately needed
because many families still will not
accept men teaching their daughters we
have only 54 full-time teachers
including principal and admin staff so
this is the problem we don't have enough
teachers and we have to take temporary
staff but because our school is far away
many female teachers can't come far away
is simply the outskirts of Western Kabul
but it's too far for female teachers
unfamiliar with the neighborhood or
uncertain about its security it's a
paradox principal Aquila cannot recruit
enough women to teach at her school yet
it's estimated that up to 75% of
teaching graduates are unemployed and
most of them are women
at the sayyid jamaluddin teaching
college in a more affluent district of
Kabul Afghanistan's next generation of
teachers is learning the best techniques
to connect with their future students
but every one of these graduates knows a
good education is not always enough to
land a teaching job Vimala massage Emily
Dean that I studied inside John eluding
schools and graduated from class 14 I
majored in dari
and came second in the class Sakura as
Maddie graduated three years ago from
this college but she is still looking
for work we try our best to get jobs in
the legal way but we cannot get anything
there is another way which is illegal
but I have never tried that
I try my best to do things legally but
it hasn't worked yet of all the findings
than the anti-corruption report the
issue highlighted as most devastating
was the poor quality of teachers
throughout the country jobs were given
to those who could afford to pay a bribe
not those who are best qualified it's
hard to slap a percentage on this stuff
but the majority of teachers that we
spoke with suggested that teachers
coming in in recent years have to pay a
year's salary in advance to be able to
even get a teaching position what about
your classmates who you graduated with
do any of them have jobs are they in the
same position as you are as far as I
know none of them have secured a future
either
the problem is that we have to have
qualified teachers actually it's not
about the number of the teacher it's
about the quality of the teacher we came
across instances where you know a
religious school graduate was teaching
you know physics in math to the students
he didn't know anything himself about
that subject I think what's happening
now more and more said kids are you know
leaving school because their experiences
is just so miserable and they're not
learning and it just doesn't prepare
doesn't prepare children for work or for
life and so what's the point it's early
afternoon and the students and staff of
stay idle Shahadah have another major
problem to deal with this is the
courtyard of the Saeed Shahada School
where most of the girls take their
classes but this afternoon behind me
there's a massive storm brewing and if
the rain gets any heavier school is over
for the day do you think it's fair that
boys always have classrooms and girls
have to sit outside it's a problem then
because they're modak well you know what
they are thinking that the boys are they
have right but the girls they don't have
right they have class but the girls
don't have class for example my my
brothers are not there dear boy they
have class my sister I think more than
five years they student outside in front
of the Sun under their rain and those
days that there was run so they will not
teach they will not TJ one they will not
study something they will come back it's
harder to learn the other outside of
course so they cannot learn knowledge
under the rain the rain will come with
you
as the sky gets darker and knowing some
of the girls have up to an hour's walk
to get home
principal Aquila waits no longer and
after just an hour and a half of lessons
the girls are sent on their way
Afghanistan has never had so many
students going to school even with the
lack of security in some parts of
Afghanistan we still have the quantity
actually we have between 7 to 8 million
students going to school as I said we
don't know the exact number but I think
that's a significantly good number but I
think the quality of education what is
more important we don't have that we
have very poor quality education and
that goes back to many things
corruption is one of the major cause of
having poor quality education
did you have to convince your dad to let
you go to school of course my father was
also he was not okay that I should go to
school before he was saying something
not that you don't void school like this
no just think that school is not good
for kids for example the girls working
in the home and for cleaning washing
like these things and right now he's ok
I'm always saying for him that yes it's
the world has changed and we should
learn knowledge you should go to school
man knows his father ala dad runs a
small store around the corner from the
family home he and his wife have six
children
Manas is the oldest this business is the
sole source of income ala dad has to
provide for his family I have never been
to school I can't even understand the
simple Afghan tradition dictates the
eldest daughter should stay home to take
care of the family Nana's does that she
cooks cleans and looks after her
siblings before and after school but
she's also impressed her family with how
hard she studies she is very intelligent
she's now ingredie living few years she
was number one in school and now she's
number two yes it was with our
encouragement a mother and father that
she is now in grade 11 and number two in
school
carbon emissions yes I worry because the
security has not been good for the last
few years
Fillie this year the security is much
worse that's why we worry I mean even
today there was a bomb blast that blast
was just two kilometers away targeting a
voter registration Center 60 people were
killed but it did not stop madness from
going to school a few hours later the
senior girls attend the last shift of
the day from 1 to 5 p.m. the community
won't allow teenage boys and girls to
mix so no boys are present during the
afternoon shift it's one of the few
times the girls can use the buildings
that were actually built for them always
I am saying to myself this situation is
not good you have to change the
situation just start change at first
your family your neighborhood after that
you can be a successful to several
people always I'm saying for myself I
can I can even think I can do this I can
do this like this thing like while Manas
looks with hope to all that is possible
principal akela continues to deal with
the seemingly impossible Sammy Jo Jo soo
yeah
even after the boys have left school for
the day they're still not enough
classrooms for all the girls and at
times not enough teachers nya
she's vulnerable and Misha I mean
they're separate from me for now so I'm
sick recording right you have surpassed
what level - Hodgins was another
kuchibiru say in arabic o nation that
the loss of myanmar zama drana mutation
of a hotel - Musa
for those working every day in
Afghanistan schools the strain is
evident in the future uncertain the
responsibility of being a principal is
too much they ask a lot of they don't
have carpet or chairs and I don't think
I can get there if I were just a teacher
it would be better whether the reforms
recommended in the anti-corruption
report will help principal Aquila
remains unclear but the fact that the
report was commissioned and released at
all may be seen as a sign of progress we
did have resistance first of all the
ministry resisted in select you know we
have done a lot of good work in the last
two three years and you have report is
not reflectors but it works we have done
we clearly said that you like this
report is not about a good work she have
done the reaction to the report was
swift with President Ghani himself
promising to implement all the
recommendations but any improvements
that result may be too late for Manas
she's hoping to be at university after
she finishes high school next year after
that I will get a job after that I have
planned to go in these works I mean yeah
English school in Osaka
politics I know go to politics and I
won't supply each team for the cares
it's my wishes my father is not angry
with me you think that fergus just being
a doctor or being a teacher it's good
for the girls but I think no I want to
supply for the cursive
it's estimated that more than 60% of
Afghanistan's girls are not in school so
Manas is dreamed to provide a better
future for them is both bold and
daunting but given the challenges that
she and many of her classmates have
faced just to go to school anything
seems possible you never feel like it's
too hard sometimes sometimes it's hard
but the game I mean I am thinking
something when I again thing that have
is the word about the word villain
thinking again I will say that for
myself that yes you can
for now decisions about girls education
still lie mainly with men who run the
ministry and fathers who rule the home
that may slowly be evolving Manas has
convinced her father to let her go to
university where once he questioned
whether she should study at all the
debate now is whether she studies
medicine or politics
but girls like Manas and her peers will
have to keep fighting to change the
future for themselves and for the next
generation of Afghanistan's girls when
are you happiest happiest with my father
supporting when for example my father's
say that yes you are my girl and I'm
proud of you it's the happiest time I
have do that does he say that a lot yes
