from one street to another forces loyal
to Libya's renegade general Khalifa
Haftar stormed into the eastern city of
Derna after heavy fighting his troops
have taken control of strategic
locations in the city if you moved at
the only two or three days we can say
that the battle will end in the city of
Derna
we are currently in the Seaport of
Derner which is now under our full
control some terrorist groups can
currently be seen in some streets and
God willing within two or three days we
will eliminate them completely Hefner's
forces entered the city on Monday
morning they have been laying siege to
the city for the last two years
according to Hefner's forces fighters
allied with the dureena protection force
previously in control of the city are
retreating faced with artillery fire and
air strikes I can tell you that the
enemy is completely collapsing there are
only some remnants of the terrorist
groups who are moving from a building to
another from an alleyway to another and
hiding among civilians civilian areas
including the schools have been damaged
in the fighting Egyptian and UAE
warplanes have been supporting Hefner's
forces by targeting several areas in
Derna dozens of people including
civilians had been killed since after
announced the battle for Dana on the 7th
of May the city is short of basic needs
including food water and medical
supplies renegade general Khalifa Haftar
is accusing fighters in dharna of being
terrorists but they deny that and say
they have defeated ISIL in the area they
also say that Tripoli based the
government does not seem to be able to
intervene - in this conflict despite the
heavy toll on civilians Mohammad Abdu
our head al Jazeera Tripoli
