to the people of northern Greece
Macedonia the renown is their second
national anthem the folk song celebrates
an identity they cherish as much as
Greek nurse it's elf it's not just
ancient history they're proud of their
great-grandparents fought to wrest this
land from the Ottoman Empire these
high-schoolers have heard the family
stories of sacrifice and bloodshed they
feel it's their duty to fight to keep
the name Macedonia exclusively Greek the
Greeks feel they are defending
themselves from a peculiar crime the
theft of a component of their nationhood
we cannot give away our property our
historical pride of being Greeks and
Macedonians certain people can not take
what doesn't belong to them I think
sharing this name will be the biggest
forgery in history Macedonia is this
soil where we stand this don't say it
history says it the archaeological
record leaves no doubt here in Pella
buried beneath cotton fields lies the
400 hectare ancient Macedonian capital
it is from here that Alexander the Great
set out to conquer Asia and a few miles
to the south archeologists have found
the royal tombs of the ancient
Macedonian dynasty such finds do not
exist outside Greece but the talks
between Athens and Skopje are designed
to share Macedonian identity the country
that has called itself Republic of
Macedonia since the second world war
would retain that name with a qualifier
such as northern or upper opinion polls
suggest three quarters of Greeks are
against that unless the name is in the
native Slavic tongue of the Yugoslavia
Sidonians Greece has reasons to
compromise its economy is in tatters
after eight years of recession it needs
trading partners and former Yugoslavia
Cydonia wants to enter the European
Union and NATO cultivating good
relations now could give Greece a better
position in those organizations and then
there is Greece's real worry the
increasingly tense relationship with
Turkey ahora as the country emerges from
its economic crisis it shapes an area in
which it can act and with which it can
grow this is because it frees up
strength to deal with the real
geopolitical
geostrategic problems these are not
former Yugoslavia Cydonia or Albania
they come from the east for these Greek
Macedonians however history and identity
matter above all else jumps are applause
al-jazeera Pella
