trapped in a state of uncertainty the
Palmolive family gathers together to
wait for news of their loved ones
daughters sons brothers nieces and
nephews haven't been seen since the
fuego volcanoes violent eruption now
more than three days have passed since
the deadly explosions and the family is
prepared for the worst
Cemil yet only as he says persona
singing well so 16 people died in the
house they were all buried even when to
give in just one single house and there
we still haven't heard anything about
them rather than wait for news avro
decided to join the search he walked for
hours to the disaster zone hoping to get
close to his brother's house but the ash
was too hot and the house too far up the
volcano Alvaro was forced to turn back
but Alvaro isn't the only one who put
himself at risk to search for his
missing family on Tuesday we met others
looking for answers in the disaster zone
this man was searching for his pregnant
daughter my daughter lived here nobody
has found her that's why we're here
struggling to find her her husband at 13
family members living with them and
they're also missing hundreds of people
from the town of san miguel as lattes
are still missing but with a meters
thick layer of ash and mud carpeting
much of the town the hope of finding
survivors is gone now the question is
how to prevent more disasters like this
one there's a lot of volcanic material
that has built up we calculate this
around 15 to 20 kilometres worth of
material this material needs to come out
and if more material accumulates that
will also have to come out this is a
recipe for disaster this tragedy has
brought Guatemalans together in a
country beset by natural disasters
uncertainty about the future is one
feeling shared by all David Mercer
al-jazeera Allah tenango Guatemala
