for three long weeks floodwaters have
covered large parts of dagawa state in
the north of Nigeria farmlands and
damaged roads have become temporary
fishing grounds with their crops rotting
and the water some farmers salvage what
they can
more than 100,000 of them have seen this
year's harvest wiped out from harvesting
to processing is this whole chain has
broken down and it is it is massing lost
of money to the economy and it will have
motive not affect and the on the general
economy of the state is really huge huge
loss for us only a few of the state's
rice farms escaped the floodwaters more
than a thousand hectares of this rice
from has been under water for more than
three weeks now the owners say the crop
is rotten and lost he like many other
farmers will have to find a way of
feeding their families before the next
harvest that is if the floodwaters don't
return
should I go Abu Bakr borrowed money to
expand his farm here in they had a
Giovanni in the hopes of more crops and
bigger profits I let you conserve Anna I
started last year and made a lot of
money this year I took a loan of two
thousand five hundred dollars to
increase output I lost everything
experts are blaming climate change for
the floods and a warning of long-term
consequences it is going to retard in
the first place the drive for food
security and ultimately government may
help to take very serious emergency
messages to meet the immediate needs of
those the victims that have been
affected this is disaster came when
Nigeria's borders are still close to
rice imports our staple for most
families in one of the state's most
affected officials are helping to ease
the pain of some farmers by giving out
seeds
we are now in the process of giving them
hybrid seeds fast mature and seeds so
that they will use the residual must at
least to get something out of their land
but that may not be enough to save the
farmers from economic ruin across 18
states in Nigeria more than 200,000
hectares of crops have been destroyed in
addition to lives crops and homes
there's been a significant damage to
infrastructure forced to ride canoes why
highways existed these villagers
narrowly escaped death when their wooden
boat capsized a reminder that though the
flood has receded the threat to life
remains how many trees al Jazeera a good
jungle Nigeria
