allegations of voter fraud have been
mounting since the May the 12th
parliamentary elections but no one
expected this Iraq's Parliament voted
for a total manual recount of all
ballots across the country and to cancel
results gathered through the electronic
voting system that was used in the poll
there are fears for the political
stability of the country if the recount
is vastly different to the original
result I believe we are about to witness
much changing dynamics and variables it
could also be dangerous
some political bloc's might agitate the
Iraqi street in the country weapons are
not restricted to the government alone
there are proofs of frauds according to
reports the warnings had been clear from
prime minister haider al-abadi in his
weekly news conference on Tuesday he
banned all high-ranking members of the
Election Commission from travelling
abroad he said a ministerial committee
had found what he called dangerous
violations during the election he added
that criminal charges might be brought
against those responsible on Wednesday
Parliament voted to freeze the work of
senior Election Commission members nine
judges will be delegated to oversee the
manual recount instead prime minister
haider al-abadi has blamed the
electronic voting system for this crisis
he says that it proves that the system
was not properly tested before the vote
now it's believed the manual recount
across this country could take at least
two weeks and that means the process of
forming a new coalition government will
be delayed chants trafford al jazeera
Baghdad
