New Jersey Alabama Mississippi Iowa
South Dakota Montana New Mexico and
California are holding primaries on June
the 5th in November's midterm
congressional elections the Democrats
hope to take at least 23 districts from
the Republicans and retake the House of
Representatives in Washington these
primaries will decide who their
candidates will be California is key the
Democrats hope to flip seven districts
here Democrats in Harley Rudo well the
California's primary rules may scupper
the Democrats chances precisely because
of the enthusiasm to challenge
Republican candidates because of
California system of top two primaries
all candidates compete against each
other in each district no matter their
party affiliation with the top two
moving on to November's election so many
Democrats are running the party's vote
will be split so two Republicans in
several districts may get the most votes
and end up facing each other in November
elsewhere in states such as New Jersey
for example Tuesday's primaries reveal
the battle within the Democratic Party
the Bernie Sanders left argues the
Democrats who need to prove they're with
the 99% and not the 1% or they will lose
again but the Hillary Clinton party
establishment is overtly pushing
Democrats with wealthy corporate donors
over grassroots activists in the
primaries hello my name is Peter Jacob
in a New Jersey district progressive
activist peated Jacob only narrowly lost
to the incumbent Republican congressman
two years ago even before Democratic
rage with Donald Trump had set in and
yet to the Democratic Party leadership
is supporting former Clinton and Obama
official Tom Malinowski who only
recently moved to this ethnically
diverse area the Democratic Party it's
in shambles because they're not
listening to the people they're
listening to their donors
I'm Cindy axe Lee and I approve this
message a record number of Democratic
women candidates are running and those
with big donors are receiving official
party support but even if they win that
may not lead to a gender revolution in
November's midterms there are 13 women
who are incumbents right now who are now
running for re-election so we're down 13
women in the house alone just as we as
we begin this this task of increasing
the number of women in Congress and as
the Democratic leadership sticks to its
formula of big money and caution its
lead over the Republicans has fallen
from 13% six months ago to just four
percent now she a burton c al jazeera
washington
