the votes were cast and a government now
approved by the Senate ahead of the vote
in the lower house earlier Italy's new
Prime Minister outlined his government's
vision for the country non-corrosive
ambition Evita this is not a simple
novelty the truth is that we have bought
radical change of which we are proud
this is the new anti-establishment force
an unconventional union between the more
left-leaning 5 star movement and the
far-right anti-immigration lega Party
the aim is to do away with the politics
of the previous government with a
promise to provide a basic income for
poor Italians and redefining its
immigration policy we will stop the
business of immigration which has been
growing disproportionately under the
mantle of fake solidarity and this is
the issue that's going to put more
pressure on the European Union the
refugee crisis has placed an enormous
burden on Italy and people here are
resentful that Brussels hasn't done
enough to help what's essentially a
country that's the major landing point
for people arriving from North Africa
the new interior minister from the
llegar party is known for his
anti-immigrant rhetoric Matteo salvini
wasted no time in letting the EU know
that he wants quotas for new arrivals
changed putting him on the same footing
as Hungary and Poland
he is breaching forward very much in
these days and it seems that he really
wants to put in action what he has
always proposed that means a very hard
line a very tough line on the
immigration issue prime minister said
that Italy would remain a close ally of
the United States he also called for the
opening of relations with Moscow and an
end to sanctions and that could lead to
more friction with the EU while both
main parties of the coalition have
talked tough in the lead-up to the
election they will now be confronted by
the realities of governing change may
not happen as fast as they would like
and there is an obvious dilemma
coalition made up of such disparate
forces hold up to deliver its promises
Sonia go al-jazeera Rome
