welcome back we're going off the grid
now to Uganda where women have been
protesting in some big numbers what's it
all about Rahila well in recent months
cual several women in Uganda have been
abducted people are concerned and are
blaming the police for a slow response
they're demanding justice for their
loved ones and saying enough is enough
well activists from the women's protest
working group have signed a petition
stating since May 27th 27 bodies of
Ugandan women have been discovered naked
mutilated strangled and sexually
violated they're calling on security
services to protect law and order treat
the deaths of these women as the
national security threat and also to
conduct a conclusive investigation into
the kidnappings while protesters marched
to Campanas police headquarters to
deliver that letter chanting we are
women don't rape us and they demanded a
meeting with the police chief the women
that are kidnapped and your mothers your
wages your sweethearts the sex workers
who sell your sex your daughter's your
granddaughter but instead of meeting
with the police chief they were met by
anti-riot police and there are reports
now that some protesters were detained
three women and four men we heard from
canary mokume a journalist at the scene
he has not spent even 100 days in office
and therefore it is upon him to create a
difference between himself and his
former boss all sucked just a few months
ago and therefore you should have at
least created an impression that he
actually listens and he's professional
bringing counterterrorism police and
anti-riot police on the spotlight right
here to block women from meeting him was
very very unnecessary well the police
chief did respond on Twitter saying that
he was willing to meet the group on a
date in time to be determined by the
organizers and his PA while it's caused
a lot of outrage online the hashtag
women's lives matter Yugi is being
shared widely
growing along with the campaign called
end the kidnapping
well Trisha says that a year of no
justice for the victims a year of no
concrete measures taken by police a year
of women being unsafe everywhere in this
country and then you have Nalu who adds
what a betrayal of trust by the uganda
police to have our legal counsel enter
their headquarters under the premise of
having a meeting only to arrest them
while human rights groups have condemned
the police action over the last year
there's been what appears to be an
increase in the murder of women there
have been some high-profile cases of
women from prominent families who were
held for ransom and later murdered but
it's very hard to say how many women
have been killed in the country over the
last year part of the concern is that
not enough is done to investigate cases
of women who have been murdered
if the police leadership is really
committed to ending these killings and
the spate of kidnappings it's important
that the unconditional release them and
listen to the petition and the concerns
therein and see how we can work to end
these crimes well the women say that
they will be holding a 1 million women's
march in Kampala on June 30th and we
will continue to monitor the story and
if you are in Uganda do get in touch
with us send your thoughts so any of any
of the other information on this case
tweet us use the hashtag aging news grid
or me directly I'm at Rahila Mohamed
