there was no collusion with the Russian
he said it over no collusion and over no
collusion and over again there is
absolutely no collusion u.s. President
Donald Trump insists no one from his
campaign worked with the Russian
government during his 2016 election bid
but with the potential for more criminal
indictments looming the president is
stepping up his attacks on the man
investigating his campaign Special
Counsel Robert Muller in a Monday
morning tweet Trump said it was
unconstitutional to a point Muller in
the first place but in another tweet
he claims that if Muller decides Trump
did anything wrong I have the absolute
right to pardon myself certainly the
Constitution very clearly lays out the
law and once again the president hasn't
done anything wrong and we feel very
comfortable in that front it's not
certain that Trump himself is under
investigation but Muller does want to
talk to him Trump has faced accusations
of obstruction of justice
ever since he fired the head of the FBI
James Comey over the Russia
investigation his latest tweets raised
serious concerns the President may now
be preparing to fire Muller as well but
it also begs the question about whether
the president can actually pardoned
himself no president has ever done it
but in an internal Department of Justice
memo from 1974 just before President
Richard Nixon resigned from office
following similar accusations says the
commander-in-chief cannot pardon himself
still for some legal analyst the latest
Trump tweets suggest something else if
he isn't worried about committing a
crime then there's no need to have a
pardon so it certainly suggests a guilty
mindset and he's afraid that the walls
are closing in a number of people have
already been charged the probe including
Trump's former campaign manager Paul
Manafort Michael Flynn Trump's former
national security adviser pled guilty in
December to lying to the FBI scholars
are divided on whether a president can
pardon himself but if Donald Trump is
charged and later self pardons his
actions would almost certainly
be challenged in court Kimberly hellcat
al Jazeera
at the White House
