it has not been an easy year for Qatar
but for now products from all over the
world
fill up store shelves cranes are the
most visible sign of the huge push to
build mega projects in time for
footballs World Cup in 2022 but a year
ago on the 5th of June during the
fasting month of Ramadan Qataris woke up
to an unprecedented crisis Saudi Arabia
the UAE Bahrain and Egypt cut off
diplomatic ties with Qatar and imposed a
land sea and embargo the block 18
countries accused the Qatari government
of sponsoring terrorism accusations Doha
strongly denied attempts by the Emir of
Kuwait and regional leaders to end
the diplomatic feud have made no
progress so far unfortunately we don't
see any credible indicators to suggest
that there will be a solution in the
near future I think there have been
serious attempts in the past serious
efforts invested to broker this crisis
and to reach an agreement but
unfortunately the parties are still
stuck in their positions and unable to
move forward with a solution the four
Arab countries were hoping to see the
blockade isolate Cotta internationally
but what followed was a Qatari
diplomatic offensive led by the Emir
Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad al-thani
who met world leaders his country signed
major arms deals with France Italy the
UK and an agreement with the u.s. to
combat terrorism financing
in April the Emir met President Donald
Trump in Washington DC the u.s. leader
hailed Qatar as a force of stability in
the region and Trump who also met Saudi
Arabia's Crown Prince Mohammed bin
Salman around the same time expressed
concerns about the fallout from the
crisis it's a very unstable region and
the Gulf has always been the most stable
part of an unstable region and this
crisis has kind of thrown this region
into a quagmire that they didn't have to
be in and I think the trauma
ministration realizes that you know at
least we have to provide one pole of
stability and the center of gravity of
the art world in general has been the
Gulf in recent years so why the a region
there a crisis there is something that
that had to be avoided at all cost
Trump has invited the GCC leaders to
meet in the u.s. in the hope of finding
a political solution but that invitation
has been delayed the blockading
countries insist no talks will take
place until Qatar meets their demands
Hashima para al Jazeera
