the Sun and the Mediterranean Sea
provide a welcome distraction from
Italy's recent political dramas
this is Ostia a popular resort on the
Roman coast and this is also Ostia we
are marginalized here we're living in a
favela I'm dying of hunger and living in
a garage it is a deeply divided place
where people feel politics has failed
them in its place organized crime has
filled the gap through drug trafficking
and extortion the local five-star
movement who took control of the council
last year has promised to crack down on
the gangs and rebuild the area the
problems are very real it's a
marginalised place there are drugs
there's crime people here have been
forgotten and it's a neighborhood such
as this one here where people feel they
have really been abandoned let down by
governments over the years and while a
new set of politicians is promising
change there's very little faith here
that will actually happen without
political support those living here have
had to take it upon themselves to make
it more habitable including creating
spaces for children to play where there
once was nothing the local councils
responsibility assumed by those whom
it's supposed to serve everything that's
been done here us and it's not because
we do not want to work with officials
but there's always been a wall between
the citizens and the authorities and the
problems here have also been
acknowledged by the head of the Roman
Catholic Church during a visit on Sunday
the first in 50 years by a pontiff Pope
Francis condemned the organizations that
have turned Ostia into a power center of
mafia violence
they see their case here nobody Jesus
wants the walls of indifference in
silence to be breached iron bars of
oppression and arrogance torn asunder
and paths cleared for
justise civility and legality it is
ostensibly a new era in Italian politics
everyone here knows there is much work
to be done and it will take an immense
effort politically and otherwise to
wrest ostia away from the stranglehold
of the local mafia gangs who wield
enormous power sonia guy a girl al
jazeera Ostia
