scenes of devastation in Guatemala after
Sunday's volcanic blast the Fuego
volcano's eruption sent lava streaming
down a highway houses near the base of
the volcano were buried by a mixture of
mud and lava dozens were killed and many
have been injured survivors expect the
death toll to rise no not everyone
escaped I think they were buried we saw
the lava pouring through the cornfields
and we ran towards a hill more than 3000
people from several farming villages
near the volcano have been evacuated
from their homes rescuers say their
operations will continue through the
night and they hope to be able to reach
areas that have been cut off from help
what a Mallis president has put the
country on red alert
a mocha mocha we decided to call for a
cabinet meeting we are going right now
to the presidential house to issue a
declaration of a state of emergency we
believe based on our legislative law
that we can declare a state of calamity
in at least 3 departments volcanic ash
spewed into the sky 6000 meters above
sea level and fell more than 40
kilometers away in Guatemala City
authorities were forced to temporarily
close the city's International Airport
today what said is that we shut it down
as a precautionary measure for the
planes because volcanic ash is harmful
to the turbines right now we are
carrying out inspections and we have
found a lot of apps the Fuego volcano is
one of Central America's most active
volcanoes this is at 2nd eruption this
year and the biggest in decades an
experts say the Fuego volcano's fury
might not be over yet
David Mercer al Jazeera Guatemala
