thousands marched in the streets of a
man towards the Prime Minister's
residence chanting we are coming it's
the fourth night of protests they're
demanding the resignation of Hanna
al-maliki over his plans to increase
taxes the government must step down the
tax law must be withdrawn these are our
demands and we don't want the next
government to implement the same
policies either if the government
doesn't respond to our demands then
there will be a general strike on
Wednesday just like the one last week we
will be calling for the government to
step down because we do not want a
government pressured by external
involvement we need a government that
represents the nation government sources
now say King Abdullah will meet the
Prime Minister on Monday where he and
other members of Jordan's government are
expected to submit their resignation
Jordan's been under international
pressure to cut spending to deal with
its 37 billion dollar debt that's
equivalent to 95 percent of the
country's annual output it borrowed
seven hundred and twenty three million
dollars from the International Monetary
Fund two years ago to cope with its
economic slump Jordan is also struggling
to housing support 2.7 million refugees
from neighboring conflicts more than a
third of the entire population
these Jordanians understand their
countries and financial difficulties
what they don't understand is why
they're being asked to pay the bill
hamid al burdy C al Jazeera
