this family-run farm near Tehran has
been selling produce to Qatar for more
than ten years it used to export two to
three truckloads of food to Qatar a week
since the blockade began demand has
soared to two to three truckloads a day
farms like this all over Iran have
increased production to fill the gap in
the cutlery market after Saudi Arabia
the UAE and other countries severed
supply routes what caused a shock in
Qatar is an opportunity for Iranian
businesses but suddenly of irani says
profits are not the only reason
exporters are keen to supply Cutler's
markets I'm saying this from the bottom
of my heart
we like Qatar II people we don't feel
that our neighboring countries and
Islamic countries are separate from us
we consider them as our religious
brothers and we are happy that this
market exists for us to supply it it's
embarrassing for us to say that we are
helping qatar we are two brothers at one
table about eating from one table and we
are happy that today cautery brothers
are with us at one table with business
links all over the world the exporter
says the blockade is bad for everyone in
the region and hopes it ends soon you
can find a little bit of everything here
fruits vegetables basic necessities
being grown here in Iran and will
eventually end up in the homes of people
living in Qatar Iran and Qatar have had
serious disagreements over the wars in
Syria and Yemen and Iranian support for
Hezbollah in Lebanon but they speak with
one voice in support of the Palestinian
people and shared the world's largest
natural gas field and in the last year
disputes with Saudi Arabia have brought
them closer together
we felt Qatar was being treated unfairly
so we opened our doors we let's cut our
Airways use our airspace and we used
five important ports in the south of the
country to send our help relations with
Qatar have a bright horizon because our
Qatari friends are well aware about the
intentions of our officials Abdullah
Sarabi served as Iran's ambassador to
Qatar he says both countries can
cooperate on much more but he admits for
Qatar the appearance of siding too
openly with Iran is tricky
Kathir is home to the largest American
airbase in the Middle East and US
Central Command headquarters cozying up
to Iran could also further anger
blockading countries and escalate
tensions even more for Cathars leaders
the last year has been a delicate
balancing act but whatever happens next
people living in Qatar are unlikely to
forget the neighbors willing to lend a
hand when they needed it most
Zane Basra v al Jazeera Maha dashed
