Spain's new and old leadership
side-by-side in just 24 hours marry on
over hoist six years in office came to
an end in a no-confidence vote led by
the man who else did him socialist Pedro
Sanchez I promise on my conscience and
honor to literally fulfill the
responsibilities of prime minister and
to be law to the king and safeguard the
Constitution as well as to maintain in
secret deliberation of the cabinet
Sanchez is promising to root out
corruption and help those affected by
years of harsh austerity measures under
the Rojo a government he may be the
prime minister but he'll find it a
challenge to pass legislation given his
socialist of just 84 of the 350 seat
Parliament supposedly he will have to
make a dub adult alliances with the
different parties the problem is the
parties he's got the support to go ahead
with his no confidence vote are very
unlikely partners they are either
independent issed both from Catalonia
and the Basque Country or they are the
left at the extreme left party which has
been disputing with the Socialist Party
the left spectrum of our voters so he
will have to to look for some policies
that he can move ahead after several
months a lot of months without any
movement at all to be able to do
something in this period before he calls
new elections one of the key issues
Sanchez will have to tackle with
Catalonia and its drive for independence
rahoy had imposed direct rule over the
region in october after nationalists
held an independence referendum deemed
illegal by Spanish courts but on
Saturday the regional government took
back power and a swearing-in ceremony
was held in Barcelona it's led by Kim
Torah a close aide to former Catalonian
leader Carlos preached among Torah says
he'd like to hold talks and independence
with Sanchez but he's also a divisive
figure often accused of energy Spanish
rhetoric he once described those who
opposed the
learn language and culture as Viper's
and hyenas Sanchez may have had the
support of six parties for the no
confidence vote but he will have his
work cut out when it comes to uniting
the fractured Spanish Parliament
Cather's dancehall al jazeera
