an unexpected crisis that's putting a
strain on relations between key allies
what will the u.s. do beyond an
investigation its announced her missing
Saudi journalist democra shogi and how
will rear fend off the widespread
outrage over allegations that the Saudi
critic was killed on its orders this is
inside story
welcome to the program I'm Imran Khan US
Senators have forced the government into
joining the investigation into the
disappearance of Saudi journalist Jamal
khashoggi he was last seen entering the
Saudi consulate in Istanbul nine days
ago Turkish security sources say he was
murdered there by a Saudi hit squad the
Saudis deny that as well as a Washington
Post report which says the Saudi Crown
Prince ordered an operation to lure the
critic back home we'll get to our guest
very soon but first patty Cole Haines
reports from Washington I know nothing I
know what everybody else does nothing in
just 24 hours
US President Donald Trump went from no
one knows what happened to Jamal
khashoggi - we need to find out we're
demanding everything we want to see
what's going on here that's a bad
situation it's a very serious situation
for us under this White House we do not
see what's going on what is going on now
will be the subject of an official
investigation after 22 senators sent
this letter to the White House invoking
the Magnitsky Act it gives the
administration four months to determine
if - oh geez human rights were violated
and if so by law they will have to place
sanctions potentially on people high up
in the Saudi government the outcry is
bipartisan and growing this man was
murdered in Saudi consulate in Istanbul
that would cross every line of normality
in their international community if it
did happen there would be hell to pay
if Saudi Arabia took a u.s. resident
into a consulate and killed him it's
time for the United States to rethink
our military political and economic
relationship with Saudi Arabia the
president has been eager to forge a
relationship with the leadership of
Saudi Arabia heralding the tens of
billions of dollars in defense deals but
with reports that many of those have not
come through the president will be under
increasing pressure to target Saudi
Arabia he's not alone just about six
months ago the Crown Prince Mohammed bin
Salman toured America meeting the most
powerful people in the country all now
being urged on social media
to condemn him and for the president it
is about to get personal after Koecher
g's fiance wrote this opinion piece in
The Washington Post urging action the
president said he'll meet her at the
White House soon this was a day that saw
the president speak out small public
protests in Washington DC in New York
that drew a lot of media attention and
angry senators demanding action all
signs that for Saudi Arabia this is not
going to go away anytime soon patty
Coleen al Jazeera Washington let's bring
in our guest joining us from Washington
is Saanich Hampton he's the director of
the Turkish research program with the
Washington Institute for Near East
policy here with me in the studio is
ibraheem fry hunt he's an associate
professor of conflict resolution at the
doha institute and finally in washington
in DC is alia ahmed he's the director of
the Gulf Affairs Institute and a former
political prisoner of Saudi Arabia
welcome to you all
I'd like to start with sana first let's
get into this Senate investigation
that's been announced what is it and
does it have any clout I think where it
is heading is that in Turkey the
government that the security forces are
slowly but steadily releasing
information to build a case that jamal
koshugi made that indeed had been
murdered and I think the Turkish
president that's heard Oh on his state
out of this so far because in my view
he's still trying to avoid a direct
confrontation with Saudi Arabia he's
also trying to align u.s. position with
the Turkish position I think of course
reports in international media
suggesting and using Turkish evidence to
build a case that keshiki may have been
murdered is closely aligned in
Washington increasingly more with
Turkish position Turkey is isolated in
the Middle East with the exception of
Qatar it has no friends it doesn't want
to go into a long and drawn-out conflict
with Saudi Arabia without having u.s.
backing first but let me just say if
there's this much anger over what's
happened particularly in America through
the media and within some parts of the
US government how does it get how do you
they get down get out of this I mean
is this a fun roll call for the crown
prince does he have to step aside that's
hard to say but I think that it's also
not clear that Turkish president aired
on and US President Trump are completely
getting along right now you know that
they're involved in a dispute over the
arrest of a u.s. pastor in Turkey pastor
Brunson
in fact his court case is coming up
tomorrow and whether or not the courts
release him and allowing to travel of
course will have a significant impact on
how US President Trump
feels turkish President Erdogan the two
cases are completely unrelated but as it
happens I think that these two issues
are now intertwined so I think tomorrow
you might see a more clear signal from
the White House if Turkish courts make a
decision that President Trump views
favorable let me just bring in Ibrahim
fryer here the regional implications of
all of this you have two very big plays
in the Middle East Saudi Arabia you have
Turkey
what does Turkey do next if it is
confirmed that he was murdered in the
consulate what options does it have well
I agree with your guest from Washington
actually president of the gun does not
have many options here
it's no easy options for him here and he
has obviously to to do something to take
a decision regarding this especially
that if this is proved to be the case
that Jamal ha she was in fact kidnapped
and murdered in the consulate so there
is no way that you know for him in terms
of credibility and positioning and the
world that to just take no action
whatsoever at the same time there are
the choices are with with the fighting
or struggling with Saudi Arabia it's not
in his favor because with all the other
issues that he has on his plate with
Syria it Lib Russia the United States
all of that so I think at the end of the
day he will have to do something because
if he doesn't then it would it's about
national pride it's about dignity it's
about sovereignty of his country so and
I think what he will have to do at this
stage is that to ensure that he has an
international backing and I think that's
why we're seeing that it is
of him not thinking casually let me
bring in LEL Ahmed here let's just talk
quickly about the case itself
intelligence sources in Washington I've
told The Washington Post that they have
evidence of the plot being created to
capture Jamal khashoggi what is MBS
thinking is he so close to the Trump
administration that he thinks he can get
away with almost anything that is in
part true and not only MBS but other
remember other leaders Saudi leaders for
many years the US has basically
whitewashed Saudi leaders called them
reformers and no matter how hard as they
do in the case of Yemen for example just
you know a couple weeks ago the State
Department defended Saudi targeting of
children and in that past that forty
children were killed so that's true but
here we might see a diversion a little
bit MBS I think is growing his own wings
and maybe want to be independent you can
see what mr. Trump's have been saying in
the past few days basically publicly
shaming King Salman and asking for money
that if you don't pay you cannot you
will not survive two weeks and so on so
this is I think an indication of a
silent
confrontation and the murder of yamaraja
she gave the Trump administration and
the Washington elites to increase the
pressure so this could be and also
related to something else that we we
haven't we don't know yet about it could
be about the deal with Israel that
so-called the deal of the century
because MBS has not delivered and many
of his you know main promises of you
know that he's talked about so this this
could be the real reason in terms of
Turkey the Saudis are threatening or
hinting that they will sever relations
with the Turks issued a statement two
years ago that the the the the story or
rumors of Saudi Arabia suffering
relations with Turkey are not true but
this is very you know suspicious because
nobody was saying that so they it was
they were trying to send a message and
the way the operation has been conduct
their planes the two planes flew from
Istanbul there with the carrot the kill
team one flew to Egypt and will flew to
the UAE because turkey is housing
dissidents from the UAE Muslim
Brotherhood dissidents and as well and
for a Saudi this cities Aslam is mostly
and so maybe you have here an alliance
between Turkey between Saudi Arabia
Egypt and Emirates against Turkey and
maybe three of them will sever relations
I expect that and in fact because it is
bringing this a just mentioned Ali alarm
it about the fact that you know trade
between the u.s. and Saudi Arabia is
worth billions of dollars fifty five
billion dollars of arms sales alone in
2018 sana you know how do you reset that
relationship after something like this
does the money talk louder than politics
it does but this could be a major public
diplomacy debacle for the Saudis as
Turkey slowly releases evidence showing
that indeed there may have been a plot
to assassinate or kill Khashoggi and I
think that Turkey really maybe does not
also want to go into a full
confrontation with the Saudis their dawn
is aware of his limitations
he's also deferential to the Saudi Kings
he respects them as the protector of
Islam the holiest mosques in the past
for example when Saudi Kings visited
Ankara the Turkish capital erawan in
violation of diplomatic protocol went to
visit them in their hotel room
this never happens in Ankara visiting
heads of state go to elder ones
residence or Palace to visit him and he
did the opposite so he shows respect to
them and I think he really does not want
to rupture in my view one of the reasons
why he has been completely absent and
not blamed a Saudi royal family but let
his unnamed security officials do the
job is because not only he tries to
avoid a confrontation with the Saudis
but also because he's trying to give him
a graceful exit out he was hoping that
the royal family would issue a
declaration and saying something like
that the rogue elements of the Saudi
state did this and they have nothing to
do with it but in the absence of such
statements I think he's now being forced
to release more and more
and that will only build a case in the
u.s. starting with the US Congress
there's already some talk of legislation
for sanctions related to the the
suggested murder of kosugi and and this
could also of course push the
administration to take stronger measures
so I think we are not at an irreversible
moment I think turkey is still hoping
that the Saudis will take the graceful
exit out but if not we could soon enter
into a territory where we could see a
rupture in Turkish Saudi relations and
they'll be the first time or the most
severe crisis in my in recent memory as
far as I can recall in Turkey Saudi ties
let me bring in Abraham here a graceful
exit that's what's on a jihad chapter
just said a graceful exit we've not seen
the Saudis handled this very well the
statements that they've issued have been
oh the camera wasn't working we don't
know where he is it's almost like the
dog ate my homework it's excuses rather
than any kind of concrete evidence that
they're providing do you think they're
handling it badly and why is that I
think so far it has been handled very
poorly on the south side because the
whole reason that has been given so far
that he left after 20 minutes and the
cameras were not recording and this is
not convincing for anyone and this
actually what frustrated the American
positions even further on this because
we are seeing many phone calls from
Kirchner from Pompeo and including from
Trump himself calling and asking for
answers and for informations but again
and again the only thing that we are
hearing is that the cameras were not
recording I think this is not helping
Saudi Arabia and this is not helping the
crisis at all because also it's not
helping or Dogon is to try to work out a
solution on his end it's not helping the
United States either because we are
seeing that increasing pressure within
the Senate House including lately that
22 senators asking or requiring actually
Trump is to launch an investigation
under the Magnus T Human Rights account
account you
so for this reason I think we are we are
getting we are pushing or the absence of
how the answer is pushing the crisis to
new levels and new thresholds because
keeping let's keep in mind in the United
States there has been already huge
frustrations over how Saudi Arabia is
handling Yemen and why are we taking the
liability of the Saudi handling of Yemen
and now it's not only a man but also you
know this issue of the Jamaat Raja do
which is frustrating they was positioned
even let me bring in Ali L Ahmed here
you were a political prisoner of Saudi
Arabia you understand the regime the way
it works because the the Kingdom is so
used to restricting access to
information domestically do you think
they were expecting anything like this
and do you think they have the tools to
be able to deal with an international
not only just media crisis but political
crisis well when they're so used to
restricting access to information I mean
they they have good friends in the
Western Washington they have you know
dozens of PR and law firm that represent
them so they have been I think extremely
successful I mean this is bad but if it
was done by another country it would be
even worse so they do have allies here
and I think in in a few days the next
week things will get better for them
speaking about Turkey my information is
the president mr. Erdogan will be
speaking on this maybe Saturday and the
Turks have a video of the actual murder
and they will show it on TV so and I
think I agree with the with the with
your guests from the Russian stood that
there is an alliance growing or between
the between the Turks and the Americans
regarding this issue and maybe the Turks
have taken advantage of that as well
because he was Turkey America was was
close to the earth the gun
administration he was a strong defender
of Turkey but also he was liked by a
certain limit you know people here in
Washington the Washington Post crowd so
I I really
think this is going to damage Saudi
Arabia and Hamid bin Salman who I just
heard last night the Americans are
shopping for a replacement I cannot
confirm these things yet but I I believe
it because MBS has not delivered and his
promises and the Americans rather to
find somebody else so let me bring you
in here shopping for a replacement is
the America is the American so
frustrated with the Crown Prince that
they're actually looking to try and
replace him or at least influences
replacement this is definitely a time
that is a very difficult public
diplomacy wise for Saudi Arabia as the
issue develops and evolves and more and
more evidence comes out from Turkey and
if it's indeed the case that the Turks
have a videotape of the murder of course
then it can't be denied at that stage
it's going to be very hold difficult to
hold the floodgates of an anti Saudi
backlash I think that and there's still
some time of course maybe for a makeup I
think that's one reason why turkish
President Erdogan has remained absent
from the debate he hasn't blamed his
Saudi authorities of course he knows
that the Saudis have financial
instruments Turkey's economy just went
through a pretty severe shock and so
that could hurt and undermine Turkey let
me just say of course with with ending
the war in Yemen be a way out for both
the Saudis and the us of this crisis
with that healthy it is their chip on
the right here that we don't know that
it would help on the public with low
Merseyside but i think right now the
khashoggi incident outshines everything
else that nothing that the Saudis would
do anywhere else I think would help
cover it if indeed there was a murder
and I think that the Turkish side will
insist insist and that is because
turkeys very envious of its sovereignty
I think they're done rightly feels that
Turkey sovereignty has been violated
Turkey's a former imperial nation as we
all know the Ottomans collapse less than
a hundred years ago so this is
completely unacceptable and I think
therefore the Turkish side will insist
on some sort of either a graceful exit
that the Saudis take or complete push
back against the Saudis if it doesn't
happen
Abraham let me bring you in here Saudi
dissidents abroad that they are
increasing in number in the last year
alone we've seen twenty people seek
asylum in Canada Saudi residency because
in Harlem in Canada because they're so
afraid what the regime will do to them
why do Saudi dissidents abroad prevent
the present such a threat to the Saudi
governed well I don't think actually
they they present this serious threat to
the Saudi government I think it's the
way the Saudi government is handling
this issue many countries actually they
have opposition's abroad and they're
working against them in different ways I
think it's a matter of like the level of
political tolerance on those government
side so harsh of Jai himself I don't
think he was even proposing himself to
be an opposition he said it many times
on TV and many of his media interviews
I'm not to position I am trying to
advise and actually we heard the reports
that he was trying to promote some sort
of democratic reform you know for the
entire region it's not even it's not 24
Saudi Arabia so that's the way it's the
Saudi leadership is managing this
position abroad issue is the the
different variable that we have here
that is leading us to this to this
crisis which is of course is causing a
serious crisis with their Kia why the
number one Ally is the United States
because this is this issue is going to
complicate matters for the emerging
alliances between Saudi Arabia and the
United States whether it's regarding the
ultimate deal or regarding many other
things because now we are seeing again
within the American administration a
split between the Trump between the
white house and the establishment where
Trump in the beginning was suppose
reluctant to intervene in this crisis
and the Senate House is pushing for
action so now here is another dilemma
for the u.s. foreign policy is between I
see it as between a struggle or a
confrontation between commitment to
human rights around the world and arms
sales
so it's not an easy trade-off money
talks are you talking and that's why
we're seeing Trump being reluctant and
he already actually made some sort of
statements that we should not expect
that the arms sales been affected so
traditionally in u.s. foreign policy
when when human values clash with
interest a traditionally u.s. foreign
policy favored interest not values not
the human rights and that's why I don't
think we should expect too much from the
American position on this well let me
bring early alarm it here we can talk
about the dissidents just again the
dissident movement that's abroad what
does something like that do to a
movement that was already very scared
what the Saudi government could do what
does an incident like this do does it in
effect kill that movement and kill that
movement or will people be too scared
indeed we try to get some a Saudi
dissident on living abroad onto the show
today and he turned us down because he
felt he was afraid for what might happen
what does this do for the distance I
think some like the gentleman you spoke
to his brothers have been thrown in jail
and his friends were and they were using
him and they did it against me my
brother has been in jail for the past
basically 20 years and my nephew added
my nephew to the mix and so they use
your family against you I I have been
myself a target for surveillance spying
infiltration hacking lowering to another
country just like jamal hodge chakri was
lowered so they do not like dissidents
especially in key countries like you
know the united states especially people
who provide an alternative a sane
alternative you know if you a viewer in
washington and you're talking about
cetera it's nothing up like an islamic
something nobody will you know they
wouldn't care because the saudis
actually promote those kind of opponents
so they they appear you know to be the
best option but when you are talking
about democracy and freedom for all and
so on something similar to what we have
in the West that prose is a danger it's
very it's important for the Saudis to
appear to be the most liberal
option in the country so if you are more
liberal than them or more modern than
them then that the proposes a problem
because we are we are at the end of the
show I want to bring in a sauna here
let's just talk about the idea that
there has to be a way out of this crisis
we don't know what that way out is right
now but if you were advising the Trump
administration what would be your for
you what would be your next move I think
that the idea would be to cooperate with
Turkey to carry out a thorough
investigation and to look at the
evidence that turkeys are providing as
well as adding US investigators to this
to get to the bottom of it and I think
that's the only way we can see a
conclusion of this issue Abraham just
very very quickly the regional
implications for all of this we still
are haven't and we still don't fully
understand what they're going to be but
do you think the longer this crisis goes
on the worse it will become for the
region generally well of course we have
the sanctions against Iran you know
reaching it their peak in November and
the crisis is between this you know
alliance between the United States
Israel and Saudi Arabia to confront Iran
is going to get serious and November so
we're just there so given if this
concourses continues I think this is
going to mainly affect this what's
what's called confrontation with Iran
and how it's going to be handled because
especially again if the Senate House
pressures that the White House Trump
even more to take actions and because
there's a human rights violations
bluntly committed against you know the
journalists and which is violating
international law acceptable norms I
think it's going to complicate the whole
thing and it raises serious questions
about next steps for this regional
alliance serious questions indeed I'd
like to thank all our guests on a
chapter in Brahim Frye hat Ali al ahead
and thank you too for watching you can
see the program again any time by
visiting our website al Jazeera calm and
for
the discussion go to our Facebook page
that's facebook.com forward slash AJ
inside story you could also join the
conversation on twitter our handle is at
AJ inside story from me Imran Khan and
the whole team here bye for now
you
