handing over to the new prime minister
paolo gentiloni makes way for law
professor Giuseppe Conte marking the
first time Italy's so-called populist
have been in government I swear to be
loyal to the Republic to faithfully
respect his Constitution and its laws
and to exercise my role and the
exclusive interest of the Republic the
financial markets here have reacted
positively to the new government with
shares in Italian banks gaining more
than 3 percent on Friday but this is
unknown territory for Italy and the new
administration is promising big changes
the incoming interior minister Matteo
salvini head of the far-right league
wants to expel hundreds of thousands of
undocumented migrants he's recently
talked about setting up detention
centers across the country while his
equally ambitious rival five-star leader
Luigi DeMaio who be Labor and Industry
Minister has promised a basic minimum
income then there's how Italy will
interact with the European Union paolo
Savona a euro skeptic prevented from
being economy minister just days ago
would be in charge of EU affairs and
Giovanni tria The Replacements economy
minister has criticised Germany and
called for changes in EU fiscal rules to
allow more state investment
tria can be a bit more of a diplomat and
they play their good cop bad cop
you know role play but in any case what
we have to expect from the two men and
from this government is a much more
vocal standing of Italy I wouldn't say
against Europe but in face of Europe and
this is what is worrying somehow
international observers the new cabinet
should easily pass a vote of confidence
expected early next week but the real
test will be whether this highly unusual
coalition can hold together and push for
reforms that many voters expect and many
EU leaders fear
Nadine Barber al Jazeera Rome
