these pilots are navigating over Iraqi
airspace their job is to refuel US
fighter jets as they continue their
presence over Iraq and Syria it makes
some of the highest number of foreign
troops in the Middle East with trump
administration ratcheting up its
rhetoric with Iran there are concerns
for the troops stationed in the Middle
East is there a threat from escalating
tensions with Iran two foreign forces in
Iraq I don't see it I see it security
forces defeating the threat which is
Isis the threat that I see is if
stability if security isn't maintained
to allow stability and reconstruction to
occur on there under governments of
Iraq's timeline that will be the biggest
threat through Iran militias were
instrumental in defeating ISIL
Washington wants to limit their
influence in Iraq and cross border into
Syria the Shia militias are now part of
the security framework and report to the
Iraqi Prime Minister last year aside by
halal Huk militia threatened to attack
US forces this group is part of the
Fatah coalition which got the 2nd
highest seats in recent elections as
militias get more political prominence
the US military says it is ready to work
with all shades of Iraqi forces what
comes in to Iraqi security forces we
will support it's not our decision but
what we're here to help and will help
with our advise and will help with
resources if the government Iraq you
know requested by 2007 there were 170
thousand US troops in Iraq that was at
the height of sectarian violence after
the US invasion but their complete
withdrawal in 2011 worked in the favor
of hardline groups such as ISIL I was
here at 2010 and I I I felt that the
Iraq Iraqi people Iraqi army had won a
great victory that peace was there
what did proved not to be the case
muqtada al-sadr holds the highest number
of seats in a tweet he said his views
against occupation did not change and he
will work to rid Iraq of all foreign
influences al Sadr led two uprisings
against US forces but he repositioned
himself as a moderate centrist leader in
recent years there are demands for US
troops to leave but sad rests also say
that they need foreign trainers for Iraq
three most Iraqis have voted for a
Nationalist government which is against
foreign influence Iran has a significant
say among Iraqi politicians the US and
Saudi Arabia also want a government
which is sympathetic to their interests
with rising polarization between the
u.s. and Iran Iraq will struggle to
escape the impact of this tension trauma
bin Javed and Azera Baghdad
