the suspected murder of journalists
Ramalho Shoji in a Saudi consulate in
Istanbul doesn't only threaten Turkish
Saudi relations its impact is reaching
Washington on Wednesday 22 senators from
both the Republican and Democratic
parties triggered human rights
legislation in the Magnitsky Act and
sent a letter to President Donald Trump
demanding an investigation into what
happened if that investigation finds
that his human rights were violated by
the Saudi government then the US would
be forced to impose sanctions and review
its relationship with the Saudis and
this man was murdered in Saudi consulate
in Istanbul they would cross every line
of normality in their international
community if it did happen
there would be hell to pay if Saudi
Arabia took a u.s. resident working into
a consulate and killed him it's time for
the United States to rethink our
military political and economic
relationship with Saudi Arabia turkish
President Recep Tayyip Erdogan spoke for
the third time about the case early on
Thursday casting doubt on Saudi claims
that the Consulate's video cameras
weren't recording on the day akashic G
went missing Turkish officials have also
expressed their frustration at the
Saudis lack of cooperation citing their
refusal to allow investigators to search
the consulate the Consul generals home
and vehicles registered to the Saudi
diplomatic mission Turkish security
sources say they are certain that Jamal
keshavjee
was killed in the building behind me
they've released photos and the identity
of the 15 man hit squad they say killed
the Saudi journalists amongst the
members of Crown Prince Mohammed bin
Salman personal guard as well as the
kingdom's or one of the kingdom's
leading forensic experts and the former
head of intelligence at the Saudi
Arabian embassy in London Turkey's
police and security services seem to be
delaying officially announcing the
results of their investigation while
decision is made on how to retaliate
against Saudi infringement of Turkish
sovereignty key to that appears to be
finding some sort of consensus amongst
turkey's allies and the international
community
