mariano rajoy is known as Spain's crisis
manager and never were those talents
more sorely needed when his People's
Party came to power in its third attempt
in 2011 as a 63 year old political
veteran it was an election won
convincingly on a promise to tackle the
fallout from the 2008 economic crisis
but Rajas
austerity measures backed by the EU
proved tough medicine and brought the
people out onto the streets salaries of
public workers with frozen rent
assistance for young people abolished
income tax up and Pensions down but it
steered Spain back to growth over the
last two years Spain has been wracked by
the territorial crisis over Catalonia
despite the protests clamping down hard
on the separatist movement rahoy blocked
it from seceding and after Catalonia
declared independence
but Rajas safe pair of hands fumbled the
latest scandal last week there's more
than two dozen businesspeople including
his party's former treasurer were
sentenced on charges of corruption
afterwards the Socialist Party put
forward a motion to vote him from office
are you going to resign mr. Roy or are
you going to keep on clinging to the
position weakening democracy and
weakening the quality of the government
in the end these were charges he could
no longer answer opening the way for yet
another set of elections and possibly
another vulnerable government be too
sharp al Jazeera
