election time in Pakistan and the
country's big players are preparing for
voting day the last government led by
Nawaz Sharif is in disarray as he was
forced out of office in July 2017 by the
anti-corruption court who accused him of
not disclosing foreign investments he
said it was a coup against his
government despite that his party is
confident of a strong showing the
Pakistan Muslim League n wants to do
well in the province of Punjab
traditionally its stronghold another big
player is the Pakistan Peoples Party led
by 29 year old Bilal Bhutto he inherited
the party leadership after his mother
and former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto
was assassinated in 2007 the party's
popular in the southern Sindh province
and he hopes a good result there will
give his party a say on the national
stage then there's Imran Khan the former
cricketer turned politician
his party held mass rallies during the
government's last term accusing it of
corruption and electoral fraud some
pundits suggest as Pakistan movement for
justice party could be in line for a big
win this time around
but behind all of this is Pakistan's
deep state institution the Armed Forces
it is said that without our we support
no party can form a government but the
Army says its role is simply security
and stability given the region
Bogg son is located in milites role has
always been as a stabilizer and to be
honest we can say that if helpful to
facilitate or create conducive
environment peaceful environment for any
type of event for the electorate there
are other concerns including the economy
jobs and a young population with few
career prospects but those issues affect
the urban population in rural areas by
far the biggest voting bloc it's often
village elders who dictate the vote the
values the tradition the sayings of the
tribal elders these all are the things
which matter slot in Pakistani elections
and our common water definitely despite
whatever promises given by any political
leader in a public ground or in a public
speech right so that may not matter the
thing which will matter the saying of
his elder but there is another block
with increasing influence over the last
10 years the religious groups through
networks of religious schools those
parties can mobilize votes for any
political party that they choose given
this election is wide open it may well
be their support that swings the final
result but there are concerns religious
parties are intolerant of other
minorities and women's rights and want
to see Pakistan governed by religious
law rather than civil law imran khan al
jazeera
