he Shah Mohammad Salah is taking his
children shopping he's promised them
sweets but won't be able to spoil them
further cash-strapped and impoverished
Sal helps Ramadan brings an end to
suffering and war despite the siege in
the tough situation Ramadan is always a
happy moment we enjoy the month and so
do our children all this while she'll
still land in our areas Dallas is a city
battered by war forces loyal to
President Obama so Hadi have been trying
for months to repel and offensive by the
earth is to control Yemen's third
largest city the three-year long siege
is making everyone suffer prices are
rising and that's a huge burden for us I
used to buy goods for a cheaper price
and now that's impossible
war in the siege pushed prices of basic
goods soaring and people haven't
received their salaries for month sunset
is when Muslims break their fast a rare
moment of quiet for Hashem and his
family but his biggest concern is what
might happen next when fighting breaks
out between feuding factions in ties
fighting that has already claimed the
lives of thousands of people mainly
civilians Hashim Ababa al Jazeera
