two decades ago the small orchestrated
Kosovo was fighting to secede from
neighboring Serbia in 2008 Kosovo
declared its independence and this year
celebrated its tenth birthday
although Serbia still claimed
sovereignty and relations are still
strained amid complex claims of wartime
atrocities and ancient grievances and
then a mysterious death gave this toxic
cocktail another shake we went to
investigate
twenty years ago the small Balkan state
of Kosovo was in the grip of a bitter
war on one side it's predominantly
ethnic Albanian population which wanted
to break away from the Serb dominated
Yugoslavia on the other Kosovo's Serb
minority which opposed the move the
fighting only came to an end after NATO
intervened on the side of the
separatists in 2008 Kosovo declared
independence and is now recognized by
most countries but there are many signs
the scars of war have yet to heal
neighboring Serbia still claimed
sovereignty and exercises control over
some enclaves including northern Mitra
Bitzer Kosovo's most troubled city where
earlier this year and just one month
before Kosovo celebrated its 10th
birthday there was shocking news
there had been a murder
Costigan illegal called awesome Castle
you'd rather sit in Utah Costco
fleetingness even with Theresa mm format
Susan Oliver Ivanovich was me Travis's
most famous Serb politician with boost
Arianna certainly comes here he cost
attorney will dare it if that Nastasia
Pathan to foster tournament his deaths
and shockwaves through a city segregated
on ethnic lines with an Albanian Muslim
majority and a Serbian Orthodox
Christian minority this was a very
tactical news and you know their
opinions and everybody was shot not
expected though not without controversy
ivanovitch was widely admired for
advocating dialogue between the two
communities there were thousands of
people in the streets following the
coffin out of the city towards Belgrade
I think that shows the respect that the
man was held in and he was not corrupt
because for very many politicians here
in Kosovo that allegation comes very
easily he was not corrupt he was
dedicated he was decent
either Ivanovich left behind a wife and
seven-year-old son
only the fatherless me Oliver colony
advancing is the best and only yet in
Libya
Tuvok the deal of what some opposite of
machi Bo years preach the Pomeranian emo
in velvet and Roy Cohn Takata me to swim
Zion it's an approach they'd be a
postman from sonication down like we put
so Oliver a yoga not Virginia very best
investment theme what's showing I will
is matrix many here see Ivanovich is
unsolved murder as a parable for the
complex fault lines running through
Kosovo and it struggles with its wartime
legacy we've come to find out why who
might be responsible for his death and
what effect it might have on this young
nation's future
Metro vistas River Aybar divides the
city's two communities to the south the
Albanian two-headed Eagle predominates
to the north
only Serb flags are to be seen the new
bridge between the two sides was meant
as a symbol of reconciliation but I was
with much here it may be a forlorn
gesture the Serbs are building a wall on
their side of the river to further
demarcate their territory
oliver ivanovitch had been one of the
most significant political figures in
northern Kosovo for nearly two decades
championing the cause of the serb
minorities while stressing the
importance of remaining part of kosovo
rather than rejoining serbia he
advocated very strongly for the Serbian
community in Kosovo but all the while
open for dialogue with the Kosovo
Albanian
political leaders as well his murder is
a tremendous loss but he vanovech is
inclusive approach to Kosovan Albanians
was not universally popular in the
months running up to his death when he
was standing for office in North Metro
pizza he and his family were the victims
of sustained attacks his car was torched
and there were threatening phone calls
the premier of Korea was Bosnia during
the Piranha Cupido coup candidate oh
yeah shoot the birds ammonium da-da-da
McCarter to the supporter soliciting at
each edema
mr. glide away postulate Wow a director
across was crippled eto Pristina
Treasury bonds mature team octagon on
Nicaragua miss me magnetically contested
watch the protection coordinator wa
yanha motto dignity was no condom was
opening a console area de Sueno garage
kept a story on the so many policemen
cat zombie Lezama undeterred ivanovitch
was determined to find out he was behind
the violence even somebody destroyed
question a community of my above gain
political honor store
Jamie Talia Nevada Tina's mission to
achieve a charity destruction he has the
sastric there some comments now Julie
listen for Cleo narek law
Ely chromosomes assures a pro winters
naquin Archana grows are nurturing
interest
inevitably
ivanovich's murder heightened tension
between Kosovo and Serbia it also gave
politicians an opportunity for days
after his death serbian president
alexander vucic made a rare for a over
the border to meet a visa to pay his
respects ivanovich's
outspoken criticism of the Serbian
government's approach to Kosovo had
angered Belgrade Navi Church sought to
mend fences
yosh awesome the portal Jemma bansemer
Serbia nessam others really meet with
the Shahada this world server that I'm
ear so trauma that you know Trinity
swear but at a press conference local
Serbs made it clear where their
priorities lay tried his best to calm
the situation
to the Sevilla created one for revealed
another the symbolism
ivanovich's death also reignited debate
over another enduring Kosovan problem
the difficulty of dealing with repeated
allegations from both sides about all
time atrocities indeed Ivanovich himself
was tainted by such claims in 2016 he
was convicted of inciting a paramilitary
group which killed Albanians but even
among those with no axe to grind the
case raised eyebrows I was surprised
that he was invited in the first place
my understanding is that the evidence
was not particularly strong and
circumstantial
yahuwah captcha near be a shock was a
fan of Petrovic I also didn't everybody
knows Erasmus watching and the fatal 60
sam is frantically supposed to release
especially not the only a national park
or Pacino Ivanovich served 18 months in
prison before the conviction was quashed
and a retrial ordered at the time of his
death he was expecting to be fully
exonerated but his supporters were
outraged believing the case had been
politically motivated
Gautami the a book for not yet in
Houston it CBO the solely without the
operator some in Timnath need knock
drove rosada which is dogged about the
whole colognian is
honesty's the rostra is Roberta politics
bookie the Aloha boys but others believe
the case against Ivanovitch did have
merit there are dozens of Albanians who
say that they have seen him being part
of these gangs who committed crimes so
I'm not sure that he was innocent the
truth may never be known but it does beg
questions is it possible that after one
attempts to keep Ivanovich out of public
life had failed that his murder was the
next step or was it also an attempt to
further inflame hatred almost everything
in this troubled country is still framed
in memories of the war Kosovan Albanians
pointed to the stark statistics of the
13,000 who perished 11,000 were ethnic
Albanians outside the parliaments of
both capitals Belgrade and Pristina
permanent displays keep alive the memory
of the 1600 still missing
at the village of true Shimada hundreds
were massacred serfs care that people
can use health we started to divide them
from women and children and the ones who
were from 15 and elder they took them
first taking money from them and then
started beating and killing them and
burning them
we have 148 widows in the village but
Serbs point out that over 2,000 of them
perished in the war and after it some
200,000 per forced to flee Kosovo
they say religious communities have been
targeted to too many Serbs Kosovo is
known as Serbia's Jerusalem the most
important holy sites of the Serbian
Orthodox Church can be found within its
borders in the form of magnificent
medieval monasteries the monastery
suffered four armed attacks by motor
grenades and RPG attack and then of
course we had also problems with
graffiti with Isis sign in 2016 for
armed Kosovo Albanians were arrested in
front of the monastery they had
Kalashnikovs and two of them proved to
be connected with Isis organization they
were definitely not here as tourists
against this background of claim and
counterclaim the killing of a leading
figure from one side or another takes on
huge symbolic significance which may
have been the reason behind ivanovich's
death it was inevitable then that after
the murder some politicians in Serbia
accused Albanians of being responsible
pre-code resto Tina Hillier - Reba rotor
Amazon knows her own immigrants MP cada
Vida Orrico brutal movie so a new
district to talk social political only
muhammadun soo who does an average
addition a Cossack the situation has
been compounded by the inability of
Hilux the --use rule of law mission to
push three war crime cases Neelix was
spending here almost 1 million viewers
per day when they arrived there were
huge expectations and hopes now we're
gonna get European justice but justice
is not something that you import
a case in point is yet another set of
unresolved allegations about wartime
atrocities this time involving Kosovan
president hashim tachi during the war
president thought she was a commander in
the KLA the Kosovan Liberation Army
which led the fight by ethnic albanians
for independence from Yugoslavia in 2010
Council of Europe Special Rapporteur
dick Marty produced a damning report
implicating the kaolian thorgy in
gruesome allegations involving the
harvesting of body parts was a Vedic
exact mo wooly play live model Gallo you
Liz or garnet away ever let hair
transplantation of the person keep a
yellow pea for
pochi rigorously denied the charges Jim
if you are on hunger fusa a pupusa the
thick market Chaka burned I'm a
debauched of total Mehta me there's
three important customers various
attempts to bring cases against for
Michaela commanders have found it after
witnesses have been murdered or killed
in freak road accidents or simply
disappeared yet the allegations have
never gone away in 2017 there was
expectation that a special court in the
hague was about to invite senior members
of the government then Kosovo's ruling
party made an abortive attempt to repeal
the law underpinning the court's
jurisdiction
it's no surprised that there's growing
cynicism about who exactly is dictating
events a coordinated government
attempted to change the war regarding
the course government had no much role
because if this was not piece of law
initiated by government or presented to
the Parliament by government
it was initiative of its own of MPs the
actual president of Kosala is being
mentioned in the Dick Morris report and
all his opposition is due to his
personal interest
someone from the politics they are
putting pressures on our prosecutors and
on judges not to bring these cases in
front of justice not to deal these cases
meanwhile the victims of war crimes in
Kosovo on both sides are left in legal
limbo people like Fattah Rudy a former
school teacher and political activist
who is shot 17 years ago at his small
village in central Kosovo Oregon
inventory each other countries - when
you go to a microphone say common origin
port richey Kosovar vendo records -
metal spray satin jacket especially
with so many alleged political crimes
unresolved finding those responsible for
the murder of Oliver Ivanovitch will
never be an easy task but in his last
interview Ivanovitch did point a finger
of suspicion in Warren rather unexpected
direction
Oliver Ivanovich made the statement
before dying that he doesn't feel
threatened be notes he feel harassed by
Serbs by his people before he died
Ivanovich told the press
people here are not afraid of Albanians
they're afraid of Serbs the local
strongmen in the criminals we had over
50 cases of torched cars throwing of
hand grenades and unexplained killings
the perpetrators have links to the
security structures
there is organized crime throughout the
territory of Kosovo and for many years
the north has been a kind of lawless
area and of course this leads to a
situation where crime flourishes and
where money is made and quite big money
so could Oliver Voinovich have upset
Kosovo's criminal underworld or was the
underworld prompted interacting on
someone's behalf according to the
Kosovan press one name in particular has
attracted attention from the authorities
that of Milan rudder ehh acquitted in
2016 of organized crime charges rudder
you Chooch now conduct operations from
grace his exclusive restaurant in the
Serbian north of the town where locals
told us he is seen as a mafia style boss
in his last interview Ivanovich called
rudder usage a criminal and was
concerned that in late 2017 Serbian
president Alexander vucic had singled
out rudder usage for praise stating that
he was safeguarding Kosovo the
assassination was done so professionally
it was not done by an angry individual I
think it was organized in a cold-blood
manner by the state of Serbia in 2017
Ivanovich that for mayor of Metro visa
against the local Serb list candidate
Serb list is an offshoot of President
footages party and is run from Belgrade
Kaka via tropic Oliveira Ivanovich
Candide at the Zagar at the natural iike
course of scammy trivita during the
campaign serve lists repeatedly branded
Ivanovich a traitor warm TV ad
complained he cared more about his car
than Serbs and accused him of working
for Kosovo Albanians
female reporters to Pristina villas
Nacional de passe oliver lebackes at
42nd Street preserve the dementia prosto
study an autocratic eta is danica which
other Cucuy is Daniel Nava mr. glass sir
Tony Abbott Ronny certain my maternity
lon Guevara UN Guevara Noida daddy
prototypes Erskine Theresa and kogasa
delivery van which are a supportive
service to Neruda
the only one which is the it's a II know
the nagas logics body it Belgrade
Serbian politicians accused the co
servants of spreading fake news about
their country's involvement in the
killing Osama toga
Tina Bruton LEP dot see Oliver Ivanovich
our Christina Papa solid a screen a
partially amnesty Davis America
biography the Bellas no Co D'Avanzo
bestow Oliveira
Ivana just absolute monitor song
with more questions than answers the
task of solving ivanovich's murder
ultimately lies in the hands of the
largely Serb influenced northern
Mitrovic sir police an institution he
frequently criticized we have many
questions about the not just the killing
but also the police response
two police officers were put into
custody because of their behavior at the
at the scene of the crime there are
strange things ivanovitch was gunned
down outside his office in a street
brimming with CCTV cameras Eastern
Oregon is so easily
Narsha camera inertial computers scope
remove is Nashik ancillary in advance a
Magoo bistra tokuda by danika cameras
have arrived zero beat in market of
Ankara be had in Australia more toy f2
numbness reduce volley the meat probably
the most thing ok the parts of the
investigation happens in control but
it's interrelated as well with Serbia
and Belgrade so he was open to for
exchange of informations however they
haven't received a lot of from the other
side
to date there have been no arrests
despite rumors there are no officially
named suspects and crucial evidence
appears to have been compromised
doubts remain as to whether this murder
will ever be solved but what is clear is
that it's given the already toxic mix of
relations between Kosovo and Serbia
another stir
in February 2018 Kosovo celebrated its
tenth anniversary the unsolved murder of
Ivanovich hanging over proceedings and
relations with its old enemy at their
lowest ebb for years president thought
she was keen to show off his security
forces see president li abu-bakr civil
service yum even though the church
didn't equal so stop him
no stay daddy last summer faith serves
the moon over the border president
village made a similar commitment at a
military exercise when you meet o
peaceful assembly acquire finality an
analogy were in block away my question
is such a choice lovato
so super limited it may be some time yet
before Oliver ivanovich's dreams for
dialogue and reconciliation are ever
realized
