arriving in the United States the
personal emissary of Kim jong-un here
for crucial negotiations which will
decide the fate of the
on-again-off-again summit between his
leader and president Trump general kim
yeongcheol is staying in this hotel
close to the UN for just two days the
planned date of the summit in Singapore
now less than two weeks away
hence the hectic diplomacy with meetings
between the North Koreans in the u.s. in
Singapore at the demilitarized zone
between North and South Korea and here
in New York where Secretary of State
Mike Pompeo is meeting general Kim at
the White House they say its president
Trump will make the final determination
on whether the summit goes ahead the
conversation is going to be focused on
denuclearization of the peninsula that's
what these ongoing conversations taking
place now will be centered on as well as
this summit that would take place in
Singapore and we're gonna continue as
long as that is part of the discussion
we're gonna continue to shoot for the
June 12th it was evening in New York at
this apartment complex that the
Secretary of State and General Kim had
their first meeting of this trip
although they already know each other
from the two occasions this year when
Pompeo visited Pyongyang the dinner the
first in a series of meetings between
the two men took place in a residence
owned by the US mission to the United
Nations presumably it was chosen because
it is secure a place where the two men
can discuss all the secrets of North
Korea's nuclear program if of course
general Kim is prepared to divulge them
James BAE's al Jazeera New York
