hi femi okay and you're in the street
and I'm Molly Kabul and today we're
diving into three stories that are
buzzing online we begin in Gaza where
the largest flare-up of violence between
Hamas and Israel since the 2014 Gaza war
appears to be over people on social
media have been talking about the news
using hashtags Gaza and Gaza under
attack on Wednesday Hamas announced that
armed groups in the Gaza Strip had
agreed to a ceasefire with Israel the
news followed a night of air attacks on
Tuesday by Israel aimed at several Hamas
and Islamic Jihad positions joining us
to talk about this we have Harry Fossett
he's a senior correspondent with Al
Jazeera English he's covering the story
for our network and fartbreaker
is a student and social media activist
in Gaza having 4i it's good to have you
here Harry the ceasefire what's going on
right now well it's been pretty quiet
since the ceasefire essentially informal
ceasefire came into effect at 4:00 a.m.
on Wednesday morning Israel contends
that it hasn't signed up to any
ceasefire it is pretty clear though that
Egypt was extremely keen to ensure that
things didn't spin further out of
control Egypt has been trying to broker
a peace deal with between Israel and
Hamas for some time it's also been
trying to sponsor reconciliation between
the Palestinian Authority and Hamas it's
very keen to make sure that there isn't
any further security breakdown on its
northern border and so for now things
remain pretty calm I think both sides as
well are very clear about the dangers of
further escalation I think there was a
pretty careful calibration of just how
far to push things on both the Israeli
and the Gaza and sides yeah I hear that
Harry and online people are echoing what
you're saying about things being comprar
as of last night Wednesday night this is
what May tweeted us she says
unfortunately the situation in Gaza is
now very suspicious the sounds of the
Israeli reconnaissance planes continue
to fly intensely and frightening Lee in
addition to cutting off the electricity
it's been a dark night for Gaza ins we
are still scared then this morning
Thursday morning abdurraheem tweets in I
heard no explosions today I think it's
being respected at the
and only the sounds of Israeli drones
and warplanes are heard flying in our
sky
you won't understand how terrifying
these sounds are until you witness what
he calls a genocide fara
for you hearing these two accounts of
people who are in lhasa can you relate
to them what are the last few days been
like for you actually since we've been
hearing a lot of bombs we were so
worried that this will turn into an
aggression as the aggression of 2014 is
started like this
it begins with their it began with the
clashes and then it turned into an
aggression and the sound of the bombs
and the Zionist airplanes and the drones
were too terrifying and too annoying
especially that Israeli drones and
actually people in Gaza became like
psychologically sick that when I when we
hear car passing it quickly in the
street or someone shuts the door too
strongly we think that this are either a
rocket falling or this is an exception
so we became like our lives like we
become used to explosion sound hurry the
last time we saw you reporting on
al-jazeera you were reporting from a
hospital can you tell us more about the
stories that you heard while you were
there well yeah I think this is actually
a very important aspect to the story not
just the the clashes that we saw this
week which actually resulted in no
casualties on this side and a few
injuries on the Israeli side but the
story of the last two months these
protests along along the fence that
separates Israel and Gaza and the vast
number of casualties that we've been
seeing the International Committee of
the Red Cross put out an appeal today
for funding more than 5 million dollars
worth of funding they want to double
their surgical teams here because of not
the immediate inflow of injuries but the
long-term consequences of those injuries
3600 injured by live fire of those 1,300
we're told need four or five operations
over the course of the next six months
or so so as well as that we're going to
see disabilities for many of them
extending throughout their lives and so
all of this
as difficult as it is to to manage for
the hospitals also pushes aside all of
the regular medical care work that would
otherwise be going on and that's
something that the director of unravel
you an agency which has so much to do
here in Gaza in terms of looking after
the the 1 million Palestine refugees
that it looks after they are talking
about a crisis in health care as well so
of all the deepening concerns that's one
of the major ones at the moment you know
Harry keeping that in mind Sarah Rasheed
here tweets and my question would be how
long would this ceasefire last the
ceasefire is do little to help with the
overwhelming food and medical supplies
shortages in Gaza whether people want to
recognize it or not Gaza is essentially
an outdoor prison for Palestinians being
at that hospital this week Harry what
stood out to you the most what did you
find most striking well I think it is
the fact that these people will be
coming back and back and back for more
and more medical care and for some of
them it will be you know we've already
seen a large number of amputations as
well these are life-changing injuries
you know I was there in the operating
theater speaking to an ICRC surgeon and
he was having to route all around inside
the ankle of this young man who'd been
shot several weeks ago looking for bone
fragments that had been left behind
presumably in there in the rush because
of the sheer pressure of numbers and it
doesn't just go to to what's happening
in the medical sector I mean I've been
Jerusalem correspondent for just over a
year now so I've been coming here very
regularly and it was bad when I started
coming here and it has been getting
steadily worse the crackdown by the
Palestinian Authority on Hamas trying to
squeeze Hamas by by placing restrictions
on payments and on electricity and so on
that's been having severe effects on
people who've been forced out of homes
forced to live with relatives sometimes
forced onto the street and what you hear
from people is is this feeling that all
of their leaders you know Hamas
Palestinian Authority and indeed of
course Israel on the other side of the
of the blockade are treating them with
with cynicism and they
lost faith and they just want some kind
of change some kind of attempt to live
in dignity and that's what a lot of them
say that the protests over the last
couple of months have been about father
I see you nodding what's going on behind
that nod actually I just want to talk
about the the great return of Mars that
we should all remember that all the
measures were unarmed and went to
peacefully marched for to return to 35
territories in 1948 but designs
occupation and response shot them and
many casualties of amputation of limbs
and this this thing will change all of
paper lives and the circumstances that
will live it through that everything
around us makes us more depressed like
the deduction of the salaries by the
Palestinian Authority the blockade we
have no access to the outside world the
polluted water the electricity outrage
and the increased poverty rate and
unemployment rate interact with the
child child labor and a lot of companies
can do their work so they're laying off
their employees so poverty rate is
increasing rapidly for now you just
summed up in about 30 seconds some of
the major issues that Palestinians have
when they're living inside of a Gaza
thank you for our Thank You Harry for
the latest from Gaza we appreciate you
being on the stream today now to the
United Kingdom where people online are
discussing if Northern Ireland will
decriminalize abortion following the
Republic of Ireland's historic vote
here to discuss what's next for Northern
Ireland Kellie O'Dowd
she's the co-chair for alliance for
choice and activist Ashlee top Elaine
welcome to you both Ashley I want to
start with some action on the streets
via this headline here from the
independent on my laptop Northern Irish
women protesting anti-abortion laws take
illegal termination pills in front of
police and there's a video and you can
see pictures of that all over Twitter
today now online this is the reaction
Rebecca tweets into the stream you
shouldn't have less reproductive choices
because you were born in Derry and not
Durham or Belfast and not Birmingham
it's time to decriminalize abortion and
give women in Northern Ireland autonomy
over their own bodies
equality with sisters and England
Scotland and Wales when you see pictures
of these protests when you read
solidarity tweets like this do they
resonate with you Oh totally and just to
give you an idea of what my experience
was and four years ago I find out that I
was pregnant with my first child and
very much wanted baby and the pregnancy
went as normal up until the 20-week scan
when we were told that I'm sorry but
your baby's not gonna survive and at
that stage I asked for a termination and
I was told doc just doesn't happen here
so I had to go the until I was 35 weeks
pregnant when my waters broke and
deliver a stillborn baby and that's the
situation currently and women who are
pregnant people who are resolved or
pregnant as a result of sexual crime
can't access the termination either nor
can those who have a crisis pregnancy
Kelly I'm just looking at a tweet here
from the UK Prime Minister Theresa May
it says here the Irish referendum
yesterday so this was tweeted out in the
27th of May was an impressive show
democracy which delivered a clear and
unambiguous result I congratulate the
Irish people on their decision and all
of the together for yes on their
successful campaign PM Theresa May
hashtag repealed the 8th so her position
is very
oh yeah when it comes to island but what
about northern island
how are the politicians stacking up on
the northern side of the border well
unfortunately we haven't heard a
government and in terms of the Northern
Renaissance Evan teen months night and
so we have asked resume to legislate the
1967 abortion act has never been
implemented in Northern Ireland even
though we're citizens of the United
Kingdom so we're asking her Knight to
legislate and our human rights are not a
devolved matter T the Northern Ireland
Assembly even if I came back tomorrow so
it's under UK legislation relief to help
deliver and human rights for women in
Northern Ireland and around this time we
have around eight hundred plus women who
travel and from Northern Ireland to
England and beyond to access abortions
and that's okay if you're able to travel
but there's so many women he can't so if
you're an undocumented migrant if you
have a disability if you're in a course
of control relationship if you don't
have a passport or other documents if
you're under sixteen for example so a
lot of people can't travel a lot of
people haven't been out of Northern
Ireland nevermind travel and trade a
strange country to access their
reproductive health care and also we
have a situation where women are
accessing abortion pills but she showed
earlier abortion pills ordered online
from women on we we have done women help
women are safe abortion post but they
are illegal so women are puttin their
Liberty at our risk and being present
and because they're accessing abortion
pills and that's happened three times in
Northern Ireland so far so we had three
cases of people being prosecuted for
access and abortion pills online you
know Chris here on Twitter Chris Henry
says in regard to Northern Ireland it's
been shown clearly in the past week that
Theresa May has no intention of
providing choice to Northern Irish women
propped up by the DUP the Democratic
Unionist Party in Northern Ireland as it
is which leaves the people in Northern
Ireland one real choice protests
organized agitate Ashley juice I've got
as your choice well we have been doing
that for years and years and years and
Kelly has been doing it a lot longer
than I have we have been protesting we
have been trying to organize as many
things as we can to get the
educate people on what the situation is
really like here but it is you know we
are grateful for the result in the Irish
referendum because it has really shown
the spotlight even further on to
Northern Ireland and Theresa May does
have a choice she can legislate because
as Kelly rightly said human rights are
not a devolved matter sue she has the
power to take action right now but she
won't because of the coalition with DEP
can we're gonna show it about that as
much as we can
Kelly Kelly and Ashley I'm sensing as a
sense of momentum that come from Island
Jodi here for instance on Twitter says
this campaign isn't over
and to our brothers and sisters up north
have the right to choose also so there
may be momentum there may be some
pressure there may be some enthusiasm
but in terms of policy and political
change Kelly is there anything that's
about to happen that would change the
bortion laws for Northern Ireland
there's a number of things so if you
look at our statutes and we have the
1861 yes I repeat the 1861 offences
against the person act still on our
statutes so that's before the light bulb
was invented treasom a can't take away
section 58 and 59 of the piece of
legislation it stops women being
criminalized and it stops health care
professionals being criminalized we also
have a domestic violence piece of
legislation that's gone through
Westminster at the minute
and they're trying to tag on abortion
legislation for Northern Ireland we need
to decriminalize abortion in Northern
Ireland we need to make it free safe and
they go we need to provide reproductive
health care for our sisters and pregnant
people at home as soon as possible
mm-hmm Rebecca here says saying the
Northeast's next is great in theory but
in practice the politicians are way
behind the people on this in Northern
Ireland we need actions not words and
full decriminalization of abortion and
none of the five major parties support
this we need to lobby and to fight for
abortion access in Northern Ireland I'm
wondering Kelly or Ashley where the
doctors stand on this well sorry Kelly
no no Ashley a go well just in my
personal experience and when I was
denied an abortion my doctor
so a number of doctors but my main
consultant told me that he was sorry but
his hands were tied at the minute if
doctors help a pregnant person have an
abortion they can risk losing their
license for a start I'm being prosecuted
and going to jail so doctors can't help
women and pregnant people even if they
want to and not only that but they can't
even give them directions as to how to
get the help that they want and that
they need all right you know because we
can travel to England
we shouldn't have to but we can do that
but you the pregnant person has to
organize that and find all that
information all by themselves and when
you're facing a crisis pregnancy or
fatal fetal abnormality diagnosis the
last thing that you have the headspace
to do is try to organise flights
organise accommodation try and find some
healthcare where you're a place where
you can actually have a termination
you're hearing the words of Ashleigh
topol you also heard from Kelly o doubt
I'll end with this via YouTube Elizabeth
says I love that their shirts say trust
women that sums up perfectly why women
should have a choice thank you for
joining us on this issue we head to the
United States where social media
exploded recently over news about the
treatment of migrant children being held
by authorities at the Mexican border
Twitter users began calling for action
with the hashtags where are the children
and missing children after reports
circulated that youngsters were being
separated from their migrant parents and
that the government had lost track of
almost 1500 of them but as summer social
have pointed out this is a complicated
issue joining us to talk about this in
Tijuana Mexico
Erika Pinero she is the policy and
litigation director for al auto lardo
welcomes good to have you here Erika
let me just start with a little bit of a
statement from the Department of Health
and Human Services because there was
such an uproar about missing children so
this is what Eric Hargens says these
children they're not lost their sponsors
who are usually parents or family
members and in all cases they have been
vetted for criminality
an ability to provide for them and then
he goes on to say simply did not respond
or could not be reached when this
voluntary call was made so the children
are not lost Erica yeah that's correct
so the office of refugee resettlement
releases most children to close family
members or parents and they do a
follow-up call about a month after
release and so exactly what the HHS
representative said is absolutely
correct the the sponsor simply didn't
respond to the phone call the issue
really is that Orr especially recently
is sharing information with ice so
whereas before a sponsor could be
undocumented and receive a child and
might feel more comfortable responding
to a follow-up call now the Trump
administration has made it so that ARR
is sharing information about
undocumented sponsors with ice is
keeping track of children and reporting
their whereabouts to ice and so I think
what we're going to see is actually more
children that the Department of Health
and Human Services will be unable to
reach and and this is problematic
because you know they have put in
safeguards to make sure that children
are being released to to sponsors that
are going to treat them well but that's
not always the case and so I think that
there there needs to be some kind of
safeguard where a child who's in a
trafficking situation or a child who is
being abused feels comfortable reaching
back out to the office of refugee
resettlement or another child welfare
agency without fear that they will be
turned over to ice if they do so okay
and Erika Frye international audience Oh
are always an acronym for office of
refugee resettlement picking up on what
you said they're cast here on Twitter
since it's a chain of tweets and in it
she says as a lawyer on Twitter pointed
out giving the current close cooperation
between ice and HHS charges the Health
and Human Services we probably don't
want our government keeping close tabs
on these kids and their families anyway
it would only lead to more deportations
of those who are the most vulnerable but
she goes on to say I think it's
important to note that the real tragedy
is not missing children it's the
inhumane policy of separating children
from their pair
at the border it's placing young
children and babies in detention
facilities to punish asylum seekers
Erika can you talk to us about this part
of the policy because I know that you
work directly with people on the border
giving legal aid what have you seen so
since November we've seen about we've
personally I've helped about a dozen
families who've been separated at the
border by ice or by Customs and Border
Protection's so these are families who
are approaching a legal port of entry
they're asking CBP Customs and Border
Protection for asylum and then being
separated from their children so the
parents are being sent to a nice
detention facility and the children
being sent to our custody it's
incredibly traumatic for these families
and when we warned people on the Mexican
side that they could potentially be
separated from their children many of
them are willing to take that risk
because they fear losing their lives if
they don't access the US asylum system
so we're putting these families in this
incredible position to essentially
choose between their lives and their
children and most of the parents you
know they're willing to sacrifice
themselves to to give their children a
better life but it's absolutely not a
policy that the United States should be
implementing yeah and this is turned
into a huge political fight let me give
you a little clip of a conversation
between the California Senator Kamala
Harris and the Department of Homeland
Secretary have a listen your agency will
be separating children from their
parents and those what we'll be doing is
prosecuting parents who have broken the
law just as we do every day in the
United States of America I can
appreciate that but if that parent has a
four-year-old child what do you plan on
doing with that child the child under
law goes to HHS for care and custody
they will be separated from their
parents just as I might do in the United
States every day so they will be
separated from their parent and my
question then is when you are separating
children from their parents do you have
a protocol in place about how that
should be done and are you training the
people who will actually remove a child
from their parent on how to do that
in the least traumatic way I would hope
you do trained on how to do that and so
the question is and the request has been
to give us the information about how you
are training and what the protocols are
for separating a child from their parent
I'm happy to provide you with the
training information thank you so that
was the department of homeland security
secretary being questioned there Erica
one of the things that the organization
does is try and find families that have
been separated to try and find the
children get them back together would
you describe what it is like for the
families when they are separated what
happens yeah so the immigration agents
physically ripped children from their
parents arms screaming children who
don't have any idea what's going on you
have to understand that these agents
often have guns on them they're
uniformed I mean it's it's it's such an
incredibly traumatizing event that both
parents and children have told me that
I'll never be the same after
experiencing that the youngest client
I've had separated from his father
actually is 18 months old he was in our
custody for two months before being
released to another family member and
his mother tells me you know I got a
different child back he's afraid to be
out of my sight you know he's afraid
that the police are gonna take him
another five-year-old girl is you know
now having nightmares and in trouble in
school now that she's been released to
her mother and so it's something that
you know if they're treating people on
how to do it they're treating agents on
how to do this in a less traumatic way
I'm certainly not seeing this on the
ground and the other issue I want to
address is that the secretary is saying
that they're only separating children
from parents who are not crossing at a
normal port of entry so those who are
crossing illegally that's simply not
true they're separating children from
parents who are prosecuted but also from
those who are seeking asylum legally at
a port of entry so yeah I hate you Erika
Pinero thank you so much for joining us
and also shedding light and truth and
facts on a conversation that blew up on
Twitter with some with some
misinformation it's really helpful for
you to be on the stream thank you to all
of our guests and our community Malik
and I was
you always online thanks for watching
you
