Fatima was just sixteen and newly
married when she says me and my Army's
soldiers killed her husband as they
burned her village she fled into the
forest but soldiers caught her there and
she says one of them raped her after the
trauma of trying to make it to
Bangladesh
she discovered she was pregnant but she
doesn't know who the father is
her late husband or the soldier who
raped her he's my baby how can I throw
him away I have to love him more than
700-thousand Muslim revenger fed a
military crackdown in Myanmar's rakhine
state late last year nine months on
Bursa a true hunter camps in Bangladesh
are expected to rise dramatically the UN
expects 25,000 babies will be born in
May and June
that's 9,000 more than the first four
months of the year
overwhelmed by shame the UN says many
rape victims have sought to hide their
pregnancies while others have tried to
terminate them and dangerous home
abortions fatima says she made an early
decision to keep her baby no matter the
shame Allah gave me this baby so I
shouldn't be afraid I will raise this
baby properly UN agencies are working to
provide health care for Refugees and to
work with communities to ensure rape
victims and their children don't face
discrimination but they admit they're
already struggling to get funding for
the basics like food and shelter right
now we're only a fifth of the way there
the United Nations joint response
estimates that we will need 950 million
u.s. dollars that's a lot of money but
not when you consider that it's 1
million people the United Nations
describes what happened to the revenger
is a textbook example of ethnic
cleansing but the government of Aung San
su Chi insists no atrocities occurred
and that it was simply defending itself
after a text from armed reh√©n jia
Fatima's baby like tens of thousands of
others will now be born into an
overcrowded and unsanitary camp midian
Nahant al-jazeera
