members of the Iraqi parliament called
an open special session on Monday
following more allegations of fraud
during parliamentary elections earlier
this month they called her votes in the
predominantly Sunni provinces of Anbar
Dianna salahuddin and Nineveh and all
ballots cast by Iraqis living abroad to
be manually recounted the demand was
supported by many Sunni politicians and
others who opposed the election results
which saw a successful outcome for three
main shia-led bloc's in Iraq's first
election since the defeat of ISIL there
are frauds manipulations and problems
that took place and that is seeing in
the decisions made by Parliament today I
personally support these decisions which
serve the interest of the political and
democratic process in Iraq and they must
be implemented prime minister haider
al-abadi wound in his weekly news
conference a potential political
instability if demands for recounts
continued and a leader has ownership we
are checking all violations and
complaints I must say that the political
process is important we can't get into a
political vacuum Parliament is only left
with 30 days to finish its legal term
and the new Parliament must take effect
after that without a new parliament in
place there will be a constitutional gap
on Wednesday Parliament's special
session continued 28 parliamentarians
put together a draft law for a complete
to recount of votes across all of Iraq
and for it to be supervised by the Iraqi
judiciary and the UN mission in the
country Iraq's Independent Election
Commission cancelled results at 1021
polling stations including those in the
predominately Sunni provinces of Anbar
salahuddin and Nineveh and 67 outside
the country it even warned of the
potential of civil war if the crisis
escalates in order for any countrywide
of recount law to be passed it has to be
ratified by 50% plus one of Iraq's 329
members of parliament before it is then
signed off by the Supreme Court but
despite the kind of legal difficulties
that the 28 parliamentarians calling for
this recount face the issue highlights
just how difficult it is to fall
government after years of political
tension and violence in Iraq
Charles trafford al Jazeera Baghdad ISIL
fighters of attack the Afghan interior
ministry headquarters in the capital
Kabul police say a car bomb was
detonated at the entrance and then
several attackers managed to get inside
the compound security forces battled the
gunmen for more than two hours before
subduing them at least one policeman was
killed
cheering the attack a suicide attacker
detonated his explosive at the entrance
of the interior ministry and wounded two
people right after the blast I saw other
attackers who had military uniforms
getting out from an armed vehicle
