hi I'm Malika Bilal and you're in the
stream live on al-jazeera and YouTube
what challenges to first-generation
immigrants encounter while running for
public office we speak with a few who
are working to improve the communities
they both serve and represent and I'm
for me okay and I'm gonna tell you a
little bit about the mayor's we have on
today's show we have magic magic who
couldn't speak English when you first
came to the UK from Somalia as a 5 year
old child he is now a Lord Mayor of
Sheffield in suburban Sacramento
California Creek did war is the first
Sikh woman in US history to head a city
government and Jimmy matter the son of
undocumented immigrants is the first
Latino mayor of biryeo in Washington do
you have questions for them how could
you not leave them in the chat and we
will get to them later in the show and
you can also tweet us at hashtag
8 a stream hi I'm Margo Ewan of the
North America director for reporters
without borders and you are in the
street
joining us now from Sheffield England
Sacramento California and boolean
Washington we are happy to welcome Eze
magic Majid Preet did Bo and Jimmy
matter to the stream Allen lomez excited
to have this conversation as we are femi
and imagine I want to start with you got
a lot of tweets about this picture
behind me this is a picture seen around
the world so the stream spoke to the
photographer behind it this is Chris
Saunders who writes in to us
unconventional mayor in an
unconventional pose in a very
conventional location that plus a
dazzling smile and if I may say so
myself
a good composition the pics approach and
magics youth and background made for a
great combination that appealed across
generations
plus it's pushed a few buttons with
people who view things in a more
traditional manner tell us about this
photo and some of those people who don't
think it was traditional enough well
this is what it is it's just a case of I
wanted to kind of show a different side
and to what Lord Mayor's are really what
because people tend to expect and kind
of think oh Lord Mayor is somebody of a
certain age and background so there was
that aspect but more importantly I just
wants to kind of show my character off
kind of just have a bit of fun with it
to be honest and of course that's going
to come with a lot of negative comments
specially people a lot with a lot of
people who are from a certain amount of
people being socially conditioned for
years of what a Lord made me to look
like what a Lord made me to act like and
it was just me to have a lot of fun of
more important who really wants to
engage with a lot more people and this
was a really good fun way of doing it
so magic or mo magic you studied aquatic
zoology and now your Lord Mayor is
Sheffield Doris what happened do you
know what in all honesty I and I never
wanted a career in marine biology in a
aquatic as well did you feel I was I've
always pushed myself and kind of wanted
to do something that challenging me but
more importantly I want
to play a positive role within my
community and those around me so this
came across as an opportunities I kind
of thought let me just take it with both
hands and here we are today so god knows
where I'll be in a couple of years time
I can be doing something completely
different but it's all exciting I mean
maybe magic didn't see himself in this
role but some of our community members
might have this is Marcus he writes in
to the stream humbled by even just some
of the anecdotal accounts of Magic's
good heart and then also saddened people
refused to give the guy a chance before
criticizing him and bringing in religion
and immigration as negative factors of
why he shouldn't have the role as mayor
and if you scroll down to this tweet
which is on our account will retweet it
you can see some of the anecdotes he's
talking about when I graduated Majid was
the president of the Student Union
he sat for a full week watching every
single student graduate in 2012 in full
rope so some of your accolades there but
can you talk to us about some of the
criticism well this is what it is it's
especially in Sheffield Oh from all
parts of the country to be honest a lot
of people come on racist comments a lot
of xenophobic comments a lot of people
are just saying somebody from my
background or shouldn't be hold in a
certain position like the Lord Mayor of
Sheffield and a lobby was saying I
shouldn't I'm breaking tradition I'm not
respecting and the protocols but you
know honestly for every negative comment
there are hundreds of positive comments
and they're always you know the people
who are saying all these negative things
are in a minority to be honest so the
majority of people are really quite
supportive and kind of see the benefit
this kind of brings to everybody so it's
exciting I have to say that Jimmy and
Preet are smiling as you were talking
Jimmy and Preet do you have a question
for mayor magic I guess my question yeah
go ahead my question would be when you
were running in your election what did
you hear at the doors well you know I
see a lot of people were just kind of a
lot had a lot of things that people say
it's a breath of fresh air
I think a lot of people just excited to
do things differently you know I think a
lot of people were saying that they were
kind of tired of the status quo and this
kind of give them a lot of opportunity
especially a lot of people from my
background from a beaming back on work
even more excited to have somebody that
looked like them or somebody that can
represent them
so in all aspects and corners of the
city a lot of people were just really
really excited for change a lot of
people were really really behind it
Jimmy Jimmy you were already a political
animal when you decided to run for mayor
what happened what was that prod what
what made you say okay I want to be
mayor of Borean well it really started
after our current president United
States at one you know I've always been
respectful of who's in office but and I
always believed that you know if you
believe that that's not the way that you
should go out and lobby and you know
protest and you know really I make your
voice be heard but this particular win
was a little bit more horrific for me
because just the freedom of being able
to have somebody tell me go back to your
country so basically the way it went it
was I was at a store and some individual
said you know yep that's right your
president's calling you're going back
home and it's like what that States of
America is my home
when I wake up in the morning I don't
wake up and wanting to know what's going
on in my parents native country I don't
want to know what's going on in our
country and you also had digs at your
family the whole atmosphere around where
you lived in your community had changed
yeah so I've lived in this community for
about 20 years like my daughter was born
in the city and I come from a small town
and you know I had to confront you know
racism and you know comments about you
know my color my skin and color my hair
and you know I just decided that it was
time for me to basically talk about
where I am the struggles I went through
when I was a young man well I want to
bring up this we Jimmy that is
referencing something you said before
your election this is Katie she says
this is beautiful hashtag Berean you can
rest assured that whenever you feel
scared or insecure or you don't
understand
anything about this community that
doesn't speak English come knock on the
door at the City Council meeting I'll be
there to open it see him elect Jimmy
Monta and this as several people have
noted online was after a pretty harsh
election and there were epithets and
there were racial undertones to a lot of
this campaign talk to us about that
campaign and then how important that was
for you to then win you know my daughter
and I went to a door and I knocked on
the door and I said hey I'm running for
a Burien City Council and I was pretty
excited I came what can I do to
represent you what are you concerned as
a member of the community it says two
things one is I want these Mexicans out
of here if they're illegals and I want
them to speak English and so you know I
said well look you know things are
changing in our country and my daughter
was there and I said it changes hard so
she goes the lady goes can you want to
come into my house right away my mind
went oh my what if the police get
involved or she says something lights I
did that I didn't but I went ahead and
went inside
then she started him in my daughter is
married to an African and their home
they speak English and I said well look
we're a world economy you know when I
negotiate a deal I said like this
company that came into our community
spoke Spanish they were from Spain and
they were building one of our bridges
the individual spoke Spanish so I was
negotiating for America I was
negotiating for our local community I
said so the world's changed and so what
she said is I said we've got to change
our mind and soul so she said yes we got
to change our mind
I got to change my mind started crying
now I'm scared I'm Aldo now she's crying
he can't say ma'am are you okay she just
kept on say I'm not racist I got to
change my mind
you know I said ma'am I can tell you
when I win you'll always be able to come
to the door knock on the door and I'll
be there to open it and to talk to you
about whatever you may be scared of or
something you may not understand so I
got up I said man I gotta go hit other
doors she got up she hugged me and she
said you got my vote so think and some
of it there is racism but in in my
community as you can tell with the votes
that we ended up getting and I ended up
winning is that no not all not everybody
feels like that and the people
due to a certain degree I think it's
because they're scared right there it's
not necessarily some of them are racist
but some of them more than anything I
think are just scared of the change free
do you have a question for me massa
you know what obviously perseverance and
you and you you led the way what were
some of the questions or things that
your daughter had as she went knock
knocking door-to-door with you I'm sure
it was a learning experience for her as
well and how old is she
so my daughter's 15 my son's 21 it was
an interesting year last year because my
son one brand for delegate of his Union
the Carpenters Union he's a union
carpenter anyone his election as a union
carpenter delegate my daughter ran as
class senator for race Becca aviation
high school freshman senator and she won
her race so we're right right in that
into my campaign in the psyche ADAP now
it's your turn so you know in my
household we organized our communities
as a family right one of the things that
I experienced though is right around
when I was starting to get dark I didn't
really go knock on doors and my sister
who would manage my campaign who was the
first time ever to manage a campaign
she's 23 24 I was looking for somebody
that kind of looked like me had my
setting values and I said well what am I
gonna go find somebody called with my
campaign I said my sister and so she was
out there organizing and I we did you
know my mom was out talking to her
friends in fact after I had one among
the mothers my mother's friend said I
can't believe your son I'm gonna bring
in preet because we've broke into Mayor
Majid may matter and now we have to
speak to Mayer did for mad people there
was this moment where you are being
sworn in I want to know how you were
feeling at this moment but let's play it
first have a look I am happy to say that
my here for 10 years
I also dedicated my life to our
community as a planning Commissioner I
devoted and committed culminating to
being elected as a councilmember in 2014
and today as your mayor preached it was
packed absolutely packed can you
remember how you felt as you were doing
that as you were doing that first
swearing-in and talking to all of the
people just there to see you absolutely
I remember I never forget it's still so
fresh for me even though it's been you
know some time has passed and the moment
just to have my mom sitting there and
looking over and having my daughter
there and I'll never forget that moment
and we've worked so hard my parents were
farm laborers
we worked the fields with them and to
get to this point this is never anything
that I ever dreamed of let alone you
know achieving everything that we have
together as a family friends who have
been so supportive all the way along and
it's been a tough road it hasn't been
easy but with the support out there and
it's anything possible anything
freed I think Joe here on Twitter would
agree she says I was very excited by
Mayor did both a historic win it's a big
step forward for Sikh American women in
politics I'd love to know her thoughts
on how we encourage and provide tools to
more Sikh women to run for office
because she's asking this question I
want to add a little addendum on to it
and what was the encouragement and/or
the pushback that you've got from your
state community when you decided to run
well the encouragement was that we do
need women first first and foremost it
was having women and women representing
in the City Council we don't see a lot
of that and we want more women to run
and I'm glad to see that happening now
we still need more women out there and
the encouragement really came from my
father and obviously my mother as well
but my father and I had some very
in-depth conversations and the first
time I even wanted to do something in
the community and when I became that
planning Commissioner but my dad's exact
words were why not
you and it gave me such the energy to
keep moving forward and you know the the
big part for me was that you know I
nobody knows me how do I get out there
and my dad said I I thought we taught
you better than that
put your stuff together how the
confidence and not to say that you know
and and you will learn and as you learn
new things you you bring more people
with you and and going back to the
question about how do we get people
involved we have to educate and we have
to open the doors for them and I have a
summer at City Hall program in which
opens the gateways for kids it's 10th
and 11th graders who apply for the
program it's a three-week program they
come and they learn about public service
they learn about civil service they get
to Job Shadow city city employees they
get to learn how their city functions
how how does local government work when
the lights are turned on when they're
turned off what's what's happening how
are the streets taken care of
you don't know enough about your
community how are you going to make a
change so my thing is start early and we
got to get our youth engaged and me
being a single parent with my daughter
it was really really important and to
see her at the chambers for 10 years as
I was a planning Commissioner she was
only four and she would sit in the
chambers and learned how to do the
Pledge of Allegiance learned that
happening at the gavel and learned what
staff reports were and to have that
involvement is really really important
for our youth so that they become more
involved as they become older because
they are our future generations and
they're our future leaders and we got to
take the responsibility to engage them
see mayor's listening to all of your
stories it strikes me that you are
reinventing that position of Mayor it
has been like this in the past and now
you are looking at it in a whole
different way let me let me give you an
example from their magic
Twitter feed if you fancy being my
consort or date for some of my duties
today semia DM will pick you up look
after you and then drop you off you are
making being Lord Mayor extremely
scible is that your plan well this was
so important in this position I'm sure
the other guess will also agree that you
need to be out there engaging with as
many people as possible and I think gone
are the days where we have where we
expect people to come to us and I think
we really could go out to people as much
as possible so I kind of thought to
myself what better way to just invite
people and just really share this
experience there's as many people as
possible and also just to listen to
people and as well as meeting new people
that I would not have met otherwise
before I kind of thought what a better
way to use social media to engage with
people just to come along with hear
their stories their struggles and see
how we can best help each other for the
greater good to be honest and that was
just one way I thought would be
fantastic is something I'll continue to
be doing for my entire term to be honest
so I like that you turn to social media
for that task because of course that is
what powers this show so I'm gonna bring
up a comment that is live from our
community members who are watching this
on YouTube Elizabeth says lasting change
happens when laws that support equal
rights are created but the political
systems can sometimes seem very hard to
enter or to navigate Jimmy I'll pose
this one to you how did you get over
that first hurdle of deciding yes I'm
going to run for office and then what is
it that you actually care about what are
you passionate about that then powers
you I think it's making sure that you
know I think we all have our stories
that were hard as immigrants in in a
country that has a system that's been in
place right and so one is you know going
back into your mind and going hey you
know what yes I can do this and then
pushing forward I think what happens is
a person of color sometimes you know I
can remember being called all sorts of
things when I was growing up and so
sometimes you sit for a minute you think
about it you go on can I do this am I
gonna be able to speak like some of the
politicians am I gonna be able to do
this but then you kind of go back and
see you know what I'm just gonna be me
I'm gonna tell my story right like for
instance I shared in my school I always
was anyone I'm ashamed by society and
talk about the death of my father so I
was used to say my father died of a
heart attack but in reality my father
died of a drug
goes you know my mother she worked the
length of jobs you know it's tough for
her she lives with me I'm struggles
myself and making sure that you know I
don't get taxed out of my room or that
I'm able to pay my home and so just
being real real with people and then you
know what stuff I mean I'm not the
person that was brought up in a
political environment I didn't have any
relatives that were involved in politics
but more than anything I think it's when
you fight for what's right you know you
will be steered in the right direction
and I gotta tell you I have my fellow
council members support them 100%
because they support me and you don't
want me to fail things where I mean you
know meet a little bit more guidance I'm
getting mentored people from the
community they want to be heard but also
they're realistic and and I have those
individuals that are unrealistic you
know it's like I got a Valentine's card
that said mayor Milo in and in Spanish
they wrote mayor equally low what they
wanted to say is son of a blank but they
messed up the Spanish egg but son of a
thread and so into the day though I
think that we just got to continue to
push forward and you know knowledge will
come right knowledge will come we're not
born with knowledge we're taught when
you learn as we go forward and we grow
as people
yeah I mean you all have stories about
hate and hateful constituents but I
think what's really important I don't to
make sure we lose this is your work and
your platforms are really really
important yes we know how you look and
your ethnicity and your background on
the immigrant backgrounds but the work
is really important Preet tell me about
that it is it's absolutely important and
you have to stay true to yourself and
when I decided that I wanted to give
back to the community as cliché as that
may sound it was really how I felt I
wanted to give back to your community
that gave my family a home to give us
the privilege of living this wonderful
life here in America and it was truly
what I felt and I don't want to ever
lose that and if I do let me around
wake me up and say it's giving back to
the community that gave us so much and
coming from the under
area I wanted to give back to that
environment and that demographic and
it's so important to reach out when I
was out there campaigning the first
thing that people were saying is that
they wanted a way to have public
participation and so when I when I first
got elected we started doing community
forums and community forums that talked
about issues of concern with families
and children and you know it came down
to vaping marijuana and Internet safety
we had I coordinated with the FBI agent
to come in and talk about Internet
safety and what they find on our
computers and and what kids were into
and how we as parents can understand
what's going on we talked about
different drug use we've talked about
suicide we've talked about mental
illness these are all areas of concern
it shows that concern our families today
so my passion has always been that is
what is affecting our families today and
when I was out there campaigning people
wanted to have that voice to be able to
talk about those concerns and come
together as a community and see what we
can do those community forms offer them
that ability it's free to the public
we'll put them together as often as we
can
we even serve a taco bar I'm just to
make sure that everybody gets fed we
have a supervised kids area so that the
little kids who you know the topic is
too much and free I love that you are I
love that you're listing these things
because we actually got this question
here on YouTube
someone says I'd like to hear more about
how these mayor's are improving their
communities so we heard just one way
there but before we get the answer from
Matchett I wanted to play this video
comment that was specific for you this
is from Matthew from an international
perspective I think that what's most
compelling about MAGIX victory in
Sheffield is that it presents the world
a more hopeful narrative compared to the
current climate of xenophobia and
intolerance that has become hallmark to
the rise of the brexit British far-right
and on a personal note as my cities
first elected councillor of
african-canadian to
and in our over 200 year history I
haven't even deeper appreciation for
what he's just accomplished and I have
no doubt that he will forever change the
landscape and the face of UK politics
for generations to come
no pressure change the landscape what's
your platform you know first of all a
massive shouts of Matthews being
absolutely amazing nothing but love and
support from him so thank you very much
Matthew did you know what it is right is
some representation is so important I'm
sure the other mayor's will completely
agree with me it's it's it's all well
and good that we've kind of got to where
we are at the moment as mayor it was
difficult because it was times we're not
just myself and even my other like
friends and family Bing kind of think
that I would be able to actually get
elected as a council man I know you've
done a lot more TVs since you became
Lord Mayor we literally at the end of
the show in a sentence in a sentence I
completely forget what you asked me so
I'm sorry sure what are you most
passionate about okay so based I'm most
passionate young people and just because
it's our responsibility to really
empower them to get them involved with
in civic life because you don't have to
be a mayor a counselor at hold the fans
it's hard to make a real impact in your
community listening to the Lord Mayor
Sheffield majid majid mayor preet did
Bohr and mayor Jimmy matter thank you
for being on the stream today it's been
a pleasure
take care
