at first it was business as usual at
Starbucks but by midday the doors were
locked instead of serving frappuccinos
the only thing on the menu was racial
bias training for employees this sign
was put on the front door telling
customers to come back tomorrow the
press wasn't allowed inside
Starbucks read parts of the training
videos future employees managers
trainers discussing racial bias and how
to deal with it the company coined the
traveling's third place place between
home and work where everyone is welcome
errs can we structurally change the
organization it's an unprecedented move
the world's largest coffee chain closing
over 8,000 stores to give racial bias
training to 175,000 employees it's in
response to this cellphone images
captured two black men that were kicked
out of this Starbucks after asking an
employee to use the washroom while
waiting for a business meeting police
were called protests calling to boycott
Starbucks ensued making of a public
relations nightmare on Tuesday outside
that very Starbucks store customers had
mixed feelings
if the trainings would really solve
underlying issues of racial bias
implicit bias or anti biased trainings
don't cover the full scope of of
complexity when it comes to addressing
white supremacy critics say one day of
racial bias training without any sort of
measurable benchmarks is simply not
enough but Starbucks founder says this
is just the beginning and racial bias
trainings like this could be coming to a
Starbucks near you no matter where you
live in the world we hire a hundred
thousand new people a year this is going
to be part of the onboarding training
we're gonna globalize this I've been
through the training myself as as has
all the global leaders and this is
something that we're gonna stay with
Starbucks knows they cannot change
decades of racial bias in America but
hoping that with a little training they
can at least make change in their stores
Gabriel is on dough al-jazeera
Philadelphia
