the soul of art is an its creativity a
pill harryvs workshop is as canvas and
recycled metal is paint in this piece
the horns represent evil the uneven eyes
show unfair treatment and the dangling
keys for the beard are twisted it's a
corrupt politician he says someone who
hides the solutions and continues to
make Iraqis suffer today I can't work on
lofty topics while I see my country in
ruins the lack of honest politicians and
missing respectable representatives
shows Iraq's image to the world and
that's unfortunate since the US invasion
which overthrew the government of Saddam
Hussein 15 years ago Iraqis have been
going through one crisis after the other
but creative Iraqis have continued their
work despite a myriad of problems for
generations al-mutanabi Street has
attracted artists writers scholars as
well as those who value creative works
years of unrest in Iraq has had an
impact on the national discourse whether
it's art or media almost every form of
expression has a sectarian or political
tone and many hair in Baghdad's cultural
hub are hoping that a resurgence of art
and culture will bring change to the
national dialogue what a writer
criticizes issues in society then his
views and his artistic projection will
be reflected that makes people interact
with different forms of expression and
that has an effect in molding people's
stands for or against issues young
people argue social media also needs to
be included in traditional modes of
communication and expression art is a
powerful tool that is used to guide and
influence the pulse of the Iraqi street
and that is apparent through many works
which led to the correction of crucial
issues on the political spectrum
Nasr Ibrahim uses his caricatures to
reflect on the shortcomings of those in
power this drawing depicts the hypocrisy
of politicians who fight in public and
our friends in private since the
elections two weeks ago there's been a
flurry of meetings between the same
politicians who were calling each of
their names before the vote his play on
the dot on this Arabic word changes the
meaning from alliances to infighting
well my drawings became a vehicle for
what is in people's hearts and minds
that interaction of people transcended
across social media as well as for
protesters at Tahrir Square back at
al-madinah B Street it's time for a
different mode of expression lyrics
which reminder are keys of times gone by
when a carefree society focused on
culture not politics Osama bin Javed Al
Jazeera like that
