with just one flight daily from
Pyongyang to Beijing sharp-eyed camera
operators can watch and wait to see who
steps off it the man in the white shirt
is kim yeongcheol stopping over in china
before connecting onto a flight to the
united states on wednesday kim youngchul
heads north korea's inter-korean
relations department and is essentially
the North Korean leader denuclearization
talks he came to the Winter Olympics
closing ceremony in South Korea in
February that events was the catalyst
for the positive inter-korean relations
since earlier this month he was at Kim
jong-un side when US Secretary of State
Mike Pompeo visited Pyongyang in last
Saturday he was in the room when the
leaders of the two Koreas met for their
surprise summit that he's on his way now
to the u.s. probably to meet Pompeo
again bodes well for the Trump Kim
jong-un summit so too did the ongoing
talks between the u.s. and North Korean
delegations happening inside the
Demilitarized Zone
this was the u.s. team leaving their
Seoul hotel early on Tuesday morning led
by an experienced South korean-born US
diplomat son Kim their focus will be on
the issues that Donald Trump and kim
jeong-hoon would discuss trying to move
from the general to the specific in a
phone call on Monday the US president
and japanese prime minister agreed to
meet in person we agreed to have a depan
US summit before the u.s. North Korea
summit it's likely that'll happen just
before or after a g7 meeting in Canada
on the 8th of June like South Korea's
moon jae-in Shinzo Abe a wants to ensure
his concerns are addressed in any US
North Korea summit not just those
exclusive to Donald Trump Andrew Thomas
al Jazeera so
