the conflict in Yemen has been described
as the world's forgotten war but three
years after it began the violence shows
no sign of ending Saudi Arabia which has
been leading a coalition to fight Houthi
rebels says more than a dozen of its
soldiers have been killed bringing the
total number of Saudi casualties to over
a thousand that's according to its state
media Saudi Arabia's military power is
ranked 26 in the world according to
global firepower but Yemen's terrain has
made it difficult to get a foothold this
rugged region of hundreds of kilometers
of mountains and valleys has turned into
an open battlefield near the northern
Houthi stronghold of Sadr but some Saudi
soldiers are now openly talking of their
anger and resentment have been neglected
by authorities we live in fear we don't
have enough food we look as if we are
begging we didn't ask for millions or
promotions we just need to pay our debts
and get the services we deserve we need
our salaries to send them to our
families for them to be able to live I
wish you will give us more attention
Saudi Arabia's defense ministry is
paying compensation to families of dead
soldiers King Salman has not visited the
frontlines unlike his predecessor King
Abdullah who visited troops in 2009
Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman who's
also defense minister launched the
latest operation in Yemen in 2015
Houthi forces have suffered significant
military losses local sources say tens
of thousands of their fighters have been
killed since the war started and Houthi
weapons were suspected Iranian help
appear to be getting more advanced with
rockets now capable of reaching Riyadh
the UN estimates that 22 million Yemenis
are in need of food aid and more than 8
million are threatened with severe
hunger plus the impoverished country is
struggling with an outbreak of cholera
and diphtheria a war that was only meant
to last a few months has gone on for
more than three years and it's civilians
who continue to suffer the world's
largest humanitarian crisis Hanna
hawkster al Jazeera
