you switch on the TV news in Mexico
you'll have to sit through plenty of
government ads starring president
Enrique Pena Nieto waxing political an
elected leader
apparently welcoming criticism well
that's what it sounds like good news for
Mexican journalists were not for the
fact that the news organizations they
work for depend on the revenue from
these kinds of political ads to stay in
business it's a fairly straightforward
paradox if your main client is the
government you cannot criticize the
government because if the government
pulls the plug your business cannot
survive Julio's
the amount of money handled is dangerous
but the way it is distributed is even
more so because there are no controls to
determine which media outlets are
receiving it and how much is being
allocated to disseminate certain
messages juntos emocionado tres median
is the nuevos empleos formal is a new
solo sex a mio official inseam easement
state advertising isn't necessarily a
bad thing in and of itself what is bad
is when it becomes an exchange currency
which can be used to either punish or
reward and which can be used to control
media content as a rosemaler
communication in the past few years been
eunetta's government has fallen short on
promises to be spending on education
health social services but it still
found two billion dollars worth of
public funds to spend on government ads
that's seventy percent more than
stipulated by law broadcasting giant's
Televisa anastasia both get around 10
percent of their ad revenue from the
federal government the country's
newspapers of Records like millennial a
universal excelsior rely on the
government for millions of dollars to
keep them going in 2014 journalist
Carmen artist Iggy broke a story on her
radio show are you taking Odysseus
pasar el presidente de pena nieto
revealing how the president's wife and
he legally Raider had bought a luxury
home from a company that have been
awarded millions in government contracts
a firestorm ensued and the MVS radio
network
ret his employers fired her and her team
of reporters citing internal issues
unrelated to the reports no one bought
that story campaign or mentee previously
the owner of the radio network said that
that report which directly affected
president Enrique Pena Nieto would put
them in a complicated situation that it
would be difficult for them to defend
themselves because a communication
company as big as that depends largely
on being on good terms with the
government it became obvious that they
prefer to stand by the interests of the
government instead of defending the
journalists who worked there else but it
does colony can probable case the will
not put a walk-up video at least what
this often leads to it's journalists
actually opting out of doing an
investigation because they know it's
just not going to get published
newspapers would rather bury these
stories because they know it could be
costly for them not to so there is
clearly a correlation between how
critical you are the more serious
journalism you do the fewer the state
resources you will be able to access
this is the government's approach you
either take the current where you get
the stick so no audio oh yes but I think
it's almost seen as the norm that at
some point you'll be required to cut
down your article tweak the headline
make it more low-key all journalists
will experience this practice at some
point and then there's the problem of
self-censorship which is hard to
pinpoint we can only see its shadows
it's hard to say what the real magnitude
of the problem really is in oh sorry
Muslim magnitude real problem
the symbiotic relationship between the
Mexican state of the press goes way back
in the 1970s President Lopez Portillo
said of the media I don't pay for them
to beat me and withdrew government
advertising in proceso the only major
independent weekly Lopez Portillo was
the leader of the Institutional
Revolutionary Party the Blee who ruled
uninterrupted for 70 years during which
they were rarely held to account when
they were voted out in 2000 successive
governments promised a freer press but
the complicity between the media and the
states persisted when pinion aired on
debris will voted back into power in
2012 he pledged a ring ad spending down
instead he spent more than any other
Mexican leader in Mexican history media
watchdogs have taken the government to
court on this matter and last year the
Supreme Court sided with them demanding
laws to curb ad spending and for it to
be distributed in an unbiased way but
those pushing for change said the laws
drafted or toothless do we must win our
episode we got a big surprise last year
when the Supreme Court's recognized that
the opacity and the lack of regulation
in the governmental advertising has a
direct impact on the freedom of speech
in Mexico unfortunately what we saw is
that the lawmakers pretended to meet the
requirement they passed the law but they
didn't take this historic opportunity to
change this perverse relationship and to
create a free media in the country say
that goes through millions numerous new
base in meheeco
in Mexico the media industry as a whole
was really born out of the system of
clientelism in which bartering is
predominant among the media and
politicians caraga residental Televisa
yes press r que para los mexicanos
motivo de or gluten empresa mexicana for
the Torah the mayor normally contain
Evo's
this inertia is something that's been at
work for decades the incentives for the
media to carry on with this mode of
self-preservation are just too strong
too powerful that's why it's so
difficult to put a stop to it was muy
dif√≠cil Salish
these are tough times for the mexican
media declining circulation budget cuts
staff layoffs for all the criticism
government ads do give media outlets a
lifeline but it's also a system that
lends itself to corruption some outlets
are taking advantage pocketing
government money without generating any
real news contents Korea it creates a
strange sort of markets Mexico is a
country where there are a lot of
newspapers and they just keep producing
more given that this is not a country
where people read a lot and we also know
that there's this crisis in the written
press this practice just allows for a
false markets no evolution and muchos de
los que necesita
there are far more media outlets in
Mexico than is actually necessary and
that's thanks to state advertising
publications that sell 1,000 2,000 5,000
copies in a city of 20 million
inhabitants we have all these media
outlets that don't need to have a
readership because what they are after
is advertising revenue office yet one
outlet that says it remains untouched by
that source of revenue is marinas own
animal political last year it put the
government on the spot when it revealed
that the Department of Education had
spent more of its national budget on
public relations than on the training of
teachers animal political and other
alternative sites like aretha he notices
and Reforma are feeding the public's
hunger for muckraking journalism as a
presidential election approaches if the
polls are to be believed disenchanted
Mexicans will be voting the ruling party
out of office but whether the next
president changes a habit of a lifetime
and cures media outlets of their
addiction to govern as advertising
remains as they say in the news business
to be seen
