the surprise summit the second meeting
in a month between moon jae-in and kim
jeong-hoon
was arranged just hours in advance it
was held in secret this footage she was
released only afterwards by the two
governments north korea's with excited
commentary attached what's clear is that
the sudden inter-korean summit was a
direct response to Donald Trump's letter
canceling the June 12th North Korea us
summit the leaders of both Korea's want
that back on we have agreed that the
June 12th summit should be held
successfully and that our journey to the
Korean Peninsula's denuclearization and
perpetual peace should not be halted
president moon said Kim jong-un once
again committed to denuclearization and
that he had told him that President
Trump in return would end hostile
relations and cooperate economically
this was not a meeting president Trump
was told about in advance but in
Washington too he hinted he could yet be
traveling to Singapore a lot of people
are working on it it's moving along very
nicely so we're looking at June 12th in
Singapore that hasn't changed and it's
moving along pretty well
analysts are split on who's driving the
agenda Donald Trump is seen as a person
who can start a war and over last say 48
hours if it may be more the fear that
Donald Trump's administration is going
to cancel the summit and that this view
lead to a new escalation of tensions and
probably war if this fear has been
decided others think it's Kim in the
driving seat they think his commitment
to denuclearization means u.s.
withdrawal from the region to not
unilateral North Korean disarmament in
exchange for the lifting of sanctions I
think it's the North Koreans that driven
this engagement
they've consolidated their strategic
nuclear deterrent they've decided that
they can push forward on negotiation not
only with the United States but also
South Korea and re-engage with China
they have a clear pathway forward
whoever is driving it the do
12th Singapore summit is looking a lot
more likely than it was
