they send beautiful girls to the players
they give them houses flats Rolex
watches
we expose the criminal gangs who fix
international cricket matches
al-jazeera's investigative unit reveals
how fixers bookmakers and players rig
matches sixty to seventy percent meted
weekend SEC we say fix yeah fix
international players agree to take
money to play in a corrupt cricket
tournament as then would you play if
walking gives you a script and a plan
you will follow it you know what's how
that was it then that's that's the plan
I'm a game in this country
criminals describe how they paid bribes
to influence the score in for
international cricket matches do you
have players in every national team yes
and we're offered the chance to profit
from another form of match fixing
doctoring the pitch
cricket was invented in England over 400
years ago and is now played in more than
125 countries
cricket is known as a gentleman's game
and that club back is like this one in
West London with its cricket whites
polite applause and civilized teas it's
not hard to see why but throughout the
world the professional game has a
sinister side with criminal gangs and
illegal bookmakers making huge sums of
money in recent years cricket has been
tarnished by a series of match-fixing
scandal international players took
bribes to underperform
and the criminals bet heavily on
guaranteed outcomes in 2000 South
Africa's captain Hansie Cronje
received a life ban for taking more than
a hundred thousand US dollars from match
fixers in India I was required to ensure
that Gibbs with score less than 20 runs
that Williams would bow poorly and go
for more than 50 runs during his 10
hours I was to be paid for doing this
three Pakistan internationals accepted a
total of $200,000 to underperform in a
test match in England
a New Zealand International was banned
for life after confessing that he fixed
matches
my name is Lou Vincent and I'm energy
our 18-month investigation reveals that
match-fixing cricket is more widespread
than ever but also becoming more
difficult to prove the high profile
scandals have forced the criminal gangs
to turn to more subtle forms of match
fixing to discover how the underworld
syndicates operate I went undercover as
a British businessman I was interested
in buying inside information about
fixers in Test matches the highest level
of the international game
we use an underworld intermediary to
make contact with a match fixer in
Mumbai he used hidden cameras to film an
eel man our he works for D company one
of the world's biggest mafia syndicates
Indian intelligence sources confirmed
that he's a middle ranking operative in
the company's match-fixing division how
many years have you been doing this
fixing matches six to seven years and
any problems no sometimes small problems
are there but handle it what about the
anti-corruption guys in the Cricket
Board actually if you have money you
will do anything
d company is named after doubt Ibrahim
one of the world's most wanted men a
2014 New York University study said D
company was involved in contract killing
drugs and arms trafficking extortion and
illegal gambling
the company's involvement in
match-fixing started way back in the 90s
they saw an opportunity to control a
vast market which was hugely profitable
we had to convince man-hour that we had
the money to do business that is how
serious we are I need to know from you
what you're gonna do to get that money
to earn it almost 60 to 70 percent
matches we can set we say fix ya fix and
do you do just international games or
which other games do you fix
international we are doing more do you
have players in every national team yes
match fixers still rigged the overall
results of some matches but increasingly
they are turning to fixing what happens
during just a small part of a match this
is known a spot fixing one of the
criminals favorite spot fixes involves
paying place to underperform during a
session of overs one over consists of
six balls delivered by a bowler to the
batsman a session is a limited number of
overs usually 6 or 10
Oh 12 I asked menara about betting on
different kinds of fixes certain is
better because you have more and more
chances to bed and in match bookmakers
give odds on how many runs would be
scored by the end of a 10 / session the
10th 20th or 30th / and so on
for example bookies may say the session
runs total will be 66 to 68 runs punters
place bets on the team scoring either
below 60 6 or above 68 the match fixers
bribed players to underperform and bet
heavily on the score beam below 66 the
session fixes are more popular these
days for match fixes because it's really
hard to detect in a Test match talking
about a tiny part of the game the Test
match can last for up to 5 days with
each side butting twice this means there
are many opportunities for session
betting and fixing
it also doesn't require multiple players
so it's much easier to get one or two
guys to agree to fix the session runs
but they give them expensive gifts like
Rolex watches they give them houses
flats cars this former international
cricketer who has been accused of
match-fixing spoke to us only if we
concealed his identity
they send beautiful girls to the players
like models so they get involved with
them you're actually not asking a player
to compromise there as they said but the
integrity of the match but they are
simply making a manipulation of a
particular part of the game to make a
lot of money I know of one player who
would always say it has no impact on the
results there's nothing wrong with it
for some plan we have directly connected
with them and we decide some money we
will give you this amount or player will
ask
I need how much how much hit me we will
decide
the bigger the player the bigger the
prices like 50 grand 100 grand in one
game the largest sum of money I think
200 thousand pound in 2015-2016 they
have everything they need and can use it
against you they can trap you blackmail
you there is no escape
players are trapped for life and that's
the danger particularly when they go on
to become commentators or coaches and
thereby remain in positions of influence
whether they can corrupt the younger
generation as I built my reputation as a
businessman with multi-million dollar
backers I was introduced to another
match fixer
Robin Morris works mostly in the
fast-paced twenty20 matches where each
side bats for just 20 overs I have an
information I'll give it to you
and again back to the victor
20 20 20 meats have become a
multi-billion dollar industry that
attracts huge crowds they provide Morris
with an easy opportunity to make money
for example in 2020 they have a session
of $10 so 10 I was like they say 70 71
or 72 runs accordingly we do button and
for example one of our friends is
playing there in this property mind a
Nova's drums for more than 10 go get out
get them there and ready I will get
money for the market match fixes will go
to players who are guaranteed to be in
the starting eleven top players who can
do things for them
they'll pursue Derman slowly and
gradually get them involved in
match-fixing Morris is with the youngest
cricketer ever to play for Pakistan
Hasan Raza made his international debut
when he was just 14 Morris and Raza
played twenty20 cricket together for
Mumbai champs now they're working to
make money from match fixing I wanted
the players asked for example what would
be an average typical 45 X 45 that's
around 70 thousand US dollars so you
then have to make a lot more than that
it's a B+ all right yeah
if you have a setup like that you can
make money in the session big money
the match fixers need a network of
bookmakers to accept bets you had ten
bookies tender one go you can I'm gonna
place scores of beds with as many
bookmakers as I possibly can that is
important because it covers the trail
the bookmakers they all talk to each
other and they see a lot of bets coming
from one particular individual they're
gonna shut market down al Jazeera gained
rare access to a bookmakers operation
near Mumbai
almost all betting is illegal in India
yet there are more than a hundred
thousand bookmakers all over the country
gamblers or planters are given odds for
bets
such as the score after a session of
overs the bookie set up in private rooms
with phones and computers hidden from
the police the bets are logged just by
the guy at the other end of the phone
he'll be shouting out the odds and he's
got its mate sitting next to him writing
down what punter is having what bet
monsters have to be recommended before
they're allowed to bet
I don't log in and send in the money via
PayPal or whatever
he sends a runaround next day to collect
my losses or to give me my winnings
where's the money gone where's it going
whose pockets it's lighting there's no
paper trail here they're betting on a
match in the Indian Premier League one
of the world's richest sports events the
accountants KPMG valued the Indian
betting market at sixty billion u.s.
dollars now if you're a match fixer and
you have inside information because
you've paid the players you have the
possibility of making a huge amount of
money because once you hear what the
runs quote is going to be you're gonna
organize for those players to go under
robbing offers me a deal if I bet on the
session that he's fixed willingly give
me thirty percent seventy 30 30 30
a fix is confirmed only when a match is
about to start
after the captain's of tossed a coin to
see who bats first pre-arranged signals
are used to let the players know that
the fix is on every different time it's
decided in morning with players you have
to play normally but when we saw your
sign how could do this the players then
indicate that they're ready to deliver
the signal can be many different things
like wearing a wristband or a headband
or bowling in sunglasses if you give us
enough that we may ladies will do the
work then it gets not business Morris
later gives an example of how if has Sun
razor is passing he might confirm that
you'll carry out a fix on line or eat
eat the world full of six volt you
remain apart on what he can do is in
yours when you're taking a strike okay
anything else I just walked off
stop the batsmen raises his hand to stop
the bowler a sign that the fix will
start the batsman will end slow down his
run rate normally there you're 14 or 15
on the Brewers we want to leave 1500 not
happen
97 yeah so you can place a bet now that
the ice fast the match fixes also sell
details of the fixes to wealthy clients
I was playing the role of a frontman for
clients who wanted to invest in fixed
matches after several meetings I came
when I was trust and he gave me a price
to buy details of a fix it's a defense
on scene and player so it's a between
twenty to forty five days twenty to
forty five lakh rupees that's up to
seventy thousand US dollars for one fix
I tell my daughter that I'd like to
place money on an England match we'll be
fixing for India and England and we are
working on it the fix will be confirmed
only at the last moment just before the
start of a Test match between England
and India
one week before I will told in which
match we are able to keep your team and
when match is going to start we will
decide early morning what will happen
elsewhere in Mumbai I meet our second
match fixer Robin Morris he tells me
about another kind of fix he's carried
out in India and Sri Lanka Gaurav Raj
Kumar is Morris's business partner they
bribe groundsman to dr. cricket pitches
to favor either bowlers or batsmen how
much you pay for a groundsman that's
eight years salary for fixing one Test
match a pitch for bowlers means batsman
will get out more quickly and the match
will not last for the full five days
that would mean one side has won so
Morris bets against or in betting jargon
Falaise a draw in four years but what
are the chances of of that working is it
like 90% chance 801 yeah because the
pitchers made many
if you know what the pictures going to
do you can make a hell of a lot of money
he's betting against the draw happening
doesn't matter who wins to have that
inside information it's a license to
print money really
at a later meeting Morris explained the
second form of pitch fixing preparing a
surface that favors batsmen around 70 so
they give you odds on on this go yeah
yeah the match fixes know that a batting
pitch will mean high scores so they bet
on a high total for the first innings to
8 DB best possible to instruct leads to
a TV or go back over 20 under 20 so we
are back in over 20 cute abiding
position I persuaded Morris to introduce
me to one of his corrupt pitch curators
Teranga antica oversees the condition of
the pitcher gall where Srilanka play
international matches
hindi ko explains how he prepares a
wicket for bowlers
they were asking okay keep sunglasses at
Barney's here you factor all grasses
Turandot Mendez is a professional Sri
Lankan cricketer and another of Morris's
accomplices yes the match fictions have
to get their work done before inspectors
from crickets governing body the
International Cricket Council arrived to
check the pitch
but there is a technique that the ICC
inspectors do not detect the extra
pressure applied with the special brush
damages the pitch and makes it more
difficult for batsmen in dica trusts
only a few members of the ground staff
in dicus suddenly leaves the room he's
nervous
in 2016 the chief curator of pool was
suspended for failing to cooperate with
anti-corruption officials Morris calls
IndyCar to reassure him in part two we
discover the test matches in Dieker has
helped to fix what you get for your
Titan sport and we expose plans to set
up a tournament in Dubai purely for
match-fixing why don't we have control
on every deal in part one the match
fixtures described how they rigged
international cricket matches
now we find out which matches they're
planning to fix
manal works for d company the mafia that
runs most of India's illegal betting
trade he tells us a fix has been
arranged for a test match in the series
between India and England in May when
match will start and what is the market
is opening session will come for 20
overs he said the alleged fix would
involve only a few players from one of
the teams which team you got is it
England or India England England what is
the price for it less that's around
60,000 US dollars we payment our nothing
now you give the money to our
intermediary to hand over only if the
fix goes down but you hold on yes okay
from this amount you can earn 3 course
Manoah believes we will make up to half
a million dollars by betting on the fix
what is the Friday yes after a toss out
of the top
just before the match starts then our
cause our middleman goes by the name
pintu he's had dealings of an hour for
several years man our names the tenor of
a session that he says has been fixed
but for legal reasons we are not
providing that information man our calls
again
he says the batsman will score below the
bookies figure for the runs total at the
end of the session there is a second
element to the fix the last over will be
Amanda Indian betting slang for an over
in which no more than two runs are
scored although we can't identify the
ten over session which Manohar said had
been fixed we've shown our evidence to
betting corruption investigators Chris
Eaton is a former Interpol agent who
specialized in sports corruption
man-hours prediction about the score and
the Mandor are accurate it's very
compelling evidence so compelling that
it's almost inevitably true clearly what
he predicted took place exactly as he
predicted another investigator is aired
Hawkins who's advised the
anti-corruption team at the
International Cricket Council
I think it's mind-blowing
I would defy anyone who loves the game
or is interested in cricket not to watch
that and have a knot in their stomach
and feel pretty sick about it
it is really significant that he's given
you tips and he hasn't been paid that is
a very important point
these are shocking allegations for the
highest level of cricket in the world
Manoah thinks wrongly that we have bet
on his fix as our next meeting he wants
to know how we did that's between me and
my investors how much did d-company me
near the Gaulle International Stadium we
meet our second match fixer
Robin Morris he pays the groundsman to
prepare the pitch in an unlawful way
Morris wants 30% of my winnings in
return for information on matches where
he controls the result the groundsman at
Gore has doctored the pitch for recent
international matches Parinda Mendes is
a professional player who's worked with
the Sri Lanka cricket board
yeah where was I wrong now you've got
the coin give it a spin heads as the
cock groundsmen says that for this match
he made a pitch to faith a batsman
Virata one the dust sir congratulations
what do you what do you plan to do we're
gonna bat first looks like a pretty hard
surface a hard surface allows batsman to
score more runs to Ranga in dica is the
groundsmen a Gaul who is working with
Morris and Mendes up India had the
advantage of batting first on a
favorable pitch quick runs here they
scored a massive 600 runs in their first
innings is club our dad to bring up 600
Morris had bet on the first team batting
getting a high score and made a handsome
profit the groundsmen said he also fixed
an international match in the opposite
way making a pitch to help bowlers
the pictured call had been prepared to
favor bolas the dry wicked helped bonus
to make the ball spin walk and cause
problems for batsmen it looked pretty
dry at this state so I dare say tour
take some turn this match on a pitch
stacked against them the batsman
struggled the wind came after less than
two and a half days of the five-day
match strikes
the condition of the gore wicket
prompted claims of pitch fixing at the
time but the ICC took no action it was
one of the shortest Test matches ever
played Morris had bet everly that the
match would end quickly
he made a substantial profit and was
soon back home
by now I've won the trust of our other
match fixer and Illman our he believes
I'm a businessman backed by wealthy
investors names three players he says
were involved in the fix during the
India England match in Chennai given the
gravity of the allegations al-jazeera
has decided not to name the three
England players at this time but we'll
pass our evidence to the relevant
authorities in the meantime through
their lawyers the three players
categorically denied the allegations
stating that they are made by a source
who as a known criminal the players also
say that for the batting team to fix
scores to within such degree of
precision as alleged is highly
improbable if not practically impossible
there is no evidence to suggest that any
other members of the team were involved
in or aware of the alleged fix it
appears that D company runs match-fixing
like any other business unconcerned by
the ICC's anti-corruption unit if a
person like a D company operative is to
be believed and he has credence because
we know he's known as the intelligence
agencies and he is saying that they have
connections at the ICC then the game is
damned very thumb rules are from the
death of our company no one only one in
our company they have no any rights to
say our secrets how how we are doing our
business
see it come on in at a later meeting
manal reveals how much D company pays to
carry out a fix involving the world's
leading cricket nations that's over a
million dollars for the top teams a
payment often made through a middleman
or cricket official as part of my cover
I told the match fixes that I had access
to wealthy sponsors Robin Morrison his
associate wants an investment in their
business venture in the Gulf Gaurav
Rajkumar is an advertising executive
based in the United Arab Emirates
opportunity that I see over here is that
every generation has their own t22 say
South Africa India England working at
the perfect the plan to set up in the
United Arab Emirates a corrupt cricket
tournament
by the kickers so international cricket
happens in dubia Brian minister had
himself was shocked to see the kind of
crowds that have come to watch a cricket
game of to franchisees now I can see Raj
Kumar has prepared a detailed business
plan I know how every tournament works
what are the experience to make money
from betting the games must be broadcast
live
so gamblers can watch and place their
bets p20 tournament will be like the
diapers for any benefit to us because I
have already been to the head of the why
Cricket Council and he's very proud to
just idea okay but he said that is life
it means to be a fruit from the ICC so
Emirates to hit but we need some kind of
documentation from our end all the
tournament will involve four teams from
different parts of the UAE each team
will have a mix of international and
Emirates based players so the format
exists for 4320 like medium the teams
like shot a gladiator that one typhoon
can go by dynamite which are 15 players
14 my understanding which - by Cricket
Council is will provide them with our
list of 16 to 18 international player
they are all with me I've already spoken
to them
everything they are willing to come and
play so I'll tell you who the player all
the whole thing will be completely
complying to ICC's mandate and
everything he named several players he
says have agreed to fix matches only a
few players in each team will know that
the 10-day tournament is a front for
match-fixing
the rulers are doing and not even open a
gob because we do that and one person
gonna tell somebody else and the whole
thing gets leaked every player will be
paid a fee for each of the ten matches
in the tournament but the ones carrying
out the fixes will receive 40 times
that's announced virginian fields where
we get our own 1,000 baht but for doing
the setting work that's equivalent to
around $55,000 for just one match that
money is like ten things so a corrupt
player would earn over half a million
dollars in just ten days
the match fixers target those at the
beginning or the end of their careers
they are on the fringes this guy's
international he is played into his
practice for almost thirty four entities
youngsters will also come the ones which
are already just getting into the side
whatever the captain's all overseas
planners will ensure that the fixes are
carried out we will work on our glove
with their stay in a team as for
overseas players yeah we are trying to
push it to five overseas
and they will all be will of all finally
over that baby through it the climb boy
Morris that they can sit up in a torn
the purpose of corruption of course it
rings true to me I've seen it in
football I've seen entire tournaments
being manipulated for the purpose of
betting corruption and breading fraud V
or we'll be sitting with having dreams
or fear or whatever I need this bill
dentist with one day before the game we
plan it properly to be like puppets
exactly yes you just got it total
control of the plans exactly what have
you announced yeah proven true we meet
Minar again he tells us about another
fix involving international players it's
two days before the match
as the match starts Manoa reads our
middleman takes the call the fix is for
a 10 / session Mina will call us during
the first over of the session to give
details of the fix right on time
he calls and tells us the runs total
quoted by the bookies he says we should
bet on the score being below the bookies
figures and again the last over of the
session will be a low score Amanda
same thing Manoa tells us to bet big the
middleman was then briefly confused the
score was already higher than the one
given by menara
in Indian betting shorthand the hundreds
column is left out our investigators
watched the session that was allegedly
fixed you wonder whether he's taking his
helmet off deliberately don't you twice
twice no runs were scored in the over
that Bernauer mentioned once again the
fix went down exactly as he said it
would the batsmen appeared to be trying
not to score runs watching a guy bat
honey and he's he's like a he's like a
cat on hot coals just desperately trying
to get on top of the ball and to cover
any edge that it might squirt off to
concede around
you cannot have so many coincidences in
terms of what minal was predicting and
what occurred
our other match fixer is looking for
sponsors for a corrupt cricket
tournament he plans to set up in Dubai
it's like the impressions mini
incredible it's not Bob Iger it is one
of the PC we replaced the sole purpose
in the tournament will be to control the
results and do spot fixes we have told
them that we have access to potential
sponsors Morris is with Hasan Reza Reza
played 23 times for Pakistan
are you interested as then would you
play the following day Morris tells me
his tournament will be on international
betting sites imagine of your life if we
have the slight elevation we can get
odds on back there start when tournament
where three stop their feet you want to
feel those things do it that yeah
and once we succeed here we can go to
Sri Lanka I can sort everything out this
year
my plan is fire one let's do it once and
Morris says the place he controls will
fix sessions and even throw a match and
they'd be happy to lose the game
Morris claims that he has plays in the
UAE national team who will fix their
country's international matches we have
yeah and I have five players right say
three are bats one and two are bowlers
we have one who can do more than 35 40
runs together Sebastian's job is to
score very furious they are very smart
that way the orchard look at this not
only from a critical perspective but a
quick administrators peacemaking but I
need to look at it from a from a
criminal law perspective - Morris tells
me how much he pays the UAE players yeah
that's around 25,000 US dollars each
Morris then introduces me to more
international players willing to deliver
fixes in his tournament we have clients
who are potential sponsors for the
tournament but my clients want
assurances if Robyn gives you a script
and the plan you will follow it yeah
that's a Van Deventer cool Otunga is a
former international and coach of the
stree languor women's team so pioneer
will be all planes to play you're also
playing a reliable quantify for the t20
dallara locker at Iggy has played 11
times for his country when when was that
okay both players are keen to do
Morris's corrupt work we can't do it now
without the hey station this is a
professional matters will be it's not a
big thing playing ticket for us is like
brushing our teeth in the morning
tonight but playing it a tune to your
plan is the easiest thing there's no
pressure for us yes alcohol is easier
they ever move like Robin said Robin
will tell us what to do we'll do that
easy
we are here because of you we look after
you yeah yeah it's really about making
money
we meet menara for the last time we
discussed the fix of the india australia
match in Ranchi or it was a success
because it worked exactly we were
watching and the run rate just slowed
man our names the two Australian players
he says were involved in the fix who was
batty and once again give him the
gravity of the allegations al Jazeera
has decided not to name the two
Australian players at this time but
we'll pass our evidence to the relevant
authorities we have made various
attempts to contact the two players but
they have not responded to the
allegations there is no evidence to
suggest that any other members of the
team were involved in or aware of the
alleged fix
setting mayonnaise object hitting women
Linda resetting Gogia to feel Oh Pamela
go get something the Chinoy and the
Ranchi test matches that were mentioned
by man our are certainly worthy of
serious in and transparent investigation
for the ICC the fact is that that he was
able to accurately predict the end of
two sessions one session each of those
test matches that brings those test
matches into credibility question
immediately when our thinks he's going
to be paid for the information he gave
us about the fix at the raunchy match
you know I'm afraid there is no money
I'm not a businessman trying to make
money from fixing nitrous I have not
spent one cent on BET's we are
investigating match-fixing on an
international scale you're someone
obviously at the heart of this you know
what do you say to the millions of
people who watch cricket innocently
believing it's fair competition they
spend good money watching cricket and
you are actually corrupting the game you
are letting these people down absolutely
must be an investigation we're talking
about Test matches involving India
England and India and Australia we've
got significant on-camera admissions by
match fixers giving pre game information
about what is going to happen and then
that occurring in the game is correcting
the game the fans of cricket you need to
see that something is done in response
to these allegations that you are
bringing to fall yes
during our last meeting with Morris he
revealed plans for his next fix
involving the groundsman at Gaul he
would doctor the pitch at a high-profile
Test match in November 2018
cricket used to be called the
gentleman's game from what el Jazeera
has shown me looks to me like cricket is
the rotten guy
the groundsmen assures us that the sri
lanka england test match will not last
the full five days
