Yemen secret torture prisons u.s.
politicians want to know whether there's
an American connection to the
disappearance of hundreds of prisoners
have US forces broken the law by
torturing suspects during interrogation
this is inside story
hello and welcome to the program I'm
fully battable the US House of
Representatives has voted to investigate
the u.s. role in torture prisons in
Yemen and wants the defense secretary to
find out The Associated Press says
hundreds of men captured in the hunt for
al Qaeda fighters in southern Yemen
disappeared into a secret network of
prisons and Human Rights Watch found
that the United Arab Emirates and its
allies detained and tortured hundreds of
people in their three-year war against
Houthi rebels we'll get to our guests in
just a moment but first Rob Reynolds has
more from Washington The Associated
Press news agency was the first to
uncover the existence of a network of
secret prisons in Yemen run by the
United Arab Emirates in a report
published last year the 18 secret
prisons reportedly have as many as 2,000
prisoners and those prisoners have been
subjected to a variety of brutal
tortures including electric shocks
beatings burning and sexual abuse those
findings were largely confirmed by a
special panel of experts appointed by
the UN now this legislation passed by
the house is part of a much larger
defense department budget bill it would
have to go to the Senate to be then sent
on to President Trump for his signature
to become law the Senate just recently
voted to approve
Gina Haspel as director of the CIA his
Haspel was allegedly involved in
activities including torture at u.s.
black site prisons in earlier years now
according to US law it is illegal for US
personnel to be involved in torture
however those protections are much less
stringent when it comes to surrogates or
US allies actually carrying out the
brutal acts the US has been supporting
the u the UAE and Saudi Arabia in their
battle against Houthi rebels
in Yemen for about the past three years
well The Associated Press investigation
says secret prisons are in military
bases ports and airports villas even a
nightclub some detainees have been flown
to an Emirati base across the Red Sea in
Eritrea US defense officials
acknowledged u.s. involvement in
interrogations to aap but denied any
knowledge of human rights abuses former
inmates describe being crammed into
shipping containers blindfolded for
weeks on end and smeared with extra men
at the main detention center at Rhian
airport in the southern city of makalah
they said they were beaten trussed up
and sexually assaulted well let's bring
in our guest now for today's inside
story joining us in Beirut is Christine
Becca Lee she's the Yemen and UAE
researcher at Human Rights Watch in sana
Hakim amis mari editor-in-chief of the
yemen post and in hamana lebanon Nabil
hurry a former US diplomat and former
deputy chief of mission in Yemen a warm
welcome to you all thank you for being
on Inside Story Christine if I can start
with you in Beirut how hopeful are you
that any investigation by the u.s. into
the role of American troops in the
torture of detainees in Yemen's secret
prisons can actually bring an end to
what goes on in these prisons first of
all thank you very much for having me
and I think the real first question is
what's gonna happen in the Senate so
it's a big step forward that the House
has pushed this amendment through but
we're a ways away from the US and fact
investigating and publicly discussing
what they find in terms of the UAE s
role in torture and abuse and I
emphasize that because AP released their
report in June 2017 Human Rights Watch
released a report that same month and
Yemeni activists and lawyers have been
talking about UAE abuse even before
those reports were released and yet and
we still have very little information
regarding the fees in which the u.s. is
engaging with the UAE on this issue and
the UAE in large part continues to deny
any role and abuse despite the fact that
evidence continues to mount
not only that day but
so their proxies are involved in abuse
in a bill Korean hamana do you agree
with Christine who says who seems to
believe that we're a long way from an
actual investigation into the u.s. role
in these abuses it might take a very
long time yes I agree and certainly
until the elections of November 2018
because right now the majority in
Congress in both houses are Republicans
and unfortunately Donald Trump seems to
all the Republican Party despite all the
scandals that have been coming out so
when the Democrats become a majority if
they become a majority after November
elections
then these investigations on the hill
will have a better chance of going the
distance and producing public
information and censure against any US
officials involved within this hakim
amaz mary in sana your thoughts the
measure voted on by the House of
Representatives if it goes through and
there is an investigation would require
the Pentagon investigate the u.s. allies
and what they've been doing in Yemen but
also whether American troops were
involved in any form of torture in the
so-called secret prisons in Yemen just
how difficult will it be to conduct such
an investigation on the ground when it
actually happens very difficult to are
to be honest with you and it's very
difficult also to find any proof that US
forces were involved in the torture
itself we talked to a couple of senior
intelligence officials in the South
allied to the UAE they did confirm that
these secret prisons were present that
the torture was present but they did I
could not get any confirmation that US
forces were involved in the torture they
were aware of the torture US forces were
aware of the torture and the times were
present during the tortures and but I
personally feel that it's very hard to
get to get evidence that the US forces
were directly involved in the torture
rather than being aware of it or being
in the picture how came who do we know
is actually committing the actual abuse
the tortures are in these secret prisons
I know there's been an investigation but
by the AAP what more information do we
have about the perpetrators of these
alleged abuses first of all the u.s.
does not need to torture anyone in Yemen
because that they always have Arabs to
do it for them
so the UAE the Saudis even the Yemenis
themselves at times would rather do
anything for the u.s. if asked you so
they would do their crimes for them and
they will be held responsible on the
other side but as of now the evidence
that we have through confirmations from
officials majority through UAE forces
who have leather tortures and in
coordination with the US government and
with the knowledge of the US government
but the other torture has been
undertaken by UAE forces now what we are
also aware that lead the other torture
has very much decreased over the last
four months especially since January 4 I
don't know what reason yes it's the
present yes it still it still happens
but at a much less extent that it used
to happen when they Human Rights Watch
report and the AP report were launched
last June
Christine Beckley in Beirut so what sort
of evidence is there about these abuses
mostly we understand committed in
prisons in southern Yemen you know what
sort of research is out there to justify
an investigation on on the part of the
u.s. into its role in all this well I
think the evidence of the UAE s role and
UAE backed proxy forces in Yemen is
clear so when Human Rights Watch did our
report last year which was released in
June 2017 we did interviews with dozens
of people former detainees family
members lawyers activists officials we
got photos of some people's injuries we
talked to people who themselves have
been abused we met with people who had
been working on these cases for months
and months a month
and again say you didn't believe
anything that we reported which you
should but say you didn't believe
anything we reported then The Associated
Press did a separate investigation the
UN panel of experts two years in a row
has done investigations on the UAE in
UAE back proxy forces Roland detainee
related abuse and again like I said
Yemeni activist lawyers and
organizations have been doing their own
investigations and work on this so that
evidence I think is clear in all Sun
denial or the big question mark is as
has been said what the US role is so the
u.s. told The Associated Press and the
US has said very clearly publicly that
they're working closely with the UAE in
South Yemen in counter-terror operations
but again the question mark is okay well
how does that then translate to what
they knew right about the abuse that was
happening against detainees and what
role if any they had in abuse and I
think the only way we get to those
answers is again through impartial
investigations which is why I do sort of
salute the efforts in the house to push
this forward and I hope the Senate is as
courageous to push this forward but I
very much worried that unless Congress
steps up the executive given the fact
that they've basically been silent on
this for around a year won't so it
really is up to Congress to push these
kinds of transparency questions and
conversations for Nabil Horry as
Christine says says they're I mean they
have in various investigations into
these alleged abuses in these torture
prisons in Yemen and yet we have seen no
action taken on the international level
anyway can they be a serious genuine
u.s. investigation into this when you
consider that the new CIA chief Gena
Haspel was involved in these kinds of
black site operations before Mike Pompeo
the US Secretary of State as endorse
torture even the US president Donald
Trump has can we expect any genuine
investigation into this seem to be
incompetent
but I think there are two points that
need to be made here in terms of
investigations and ascertaining the
truth so two independent Yemeni voices
and they do it there are Yemeni
journalists who are risking their lives
to cover these issues and I think in
Congress and in the national media these
voices need to be heard they have
firsthand stories right and the stories
about the torture have been confirmed
not only in German but in the UAE itself
the second point that should be made is
that even if American personnel are not
directly involved of this going on or
have been watching is going on that
violates American personnel are
prohibited when it is known that the
third party you using them against
civilians and that includes the use of
torture Hakim L must marry your Yemeni
journalist up for tell us first what we
know precisely about the role of US
troops in Yemen what are they doing
they're not in Yemen in general but in
South Yemen to be specific they have
they are working through the allies as
mr. Nabil holy mentioned in South here -
but to the UAE and they are in charge or
are giving the Intel if needed to the
UAE forces - the Saudi forces when it
comes to attacks or when it comes to a
imprisonment of certain targets or
suspect that could be civilians etc so
their role is intelligence giving their
role is to evaluate their role has also
been to be present during these
interrogations if needed and high-level
targets or suspects and very direct role
and they are aware of what's happening
inside these interrogation rooms and but
but are not directly involved in the
torture itself Christine do you agree
with the Hakim name who says that the US
forces are aware the US troops are aware
of
what's going on in these interrogation
rooms but perhaps a choosing to turn a
blind eye to what's happening there well
I think the question is what time period
we're talking about because and that's
why I think earlier at this point it
wouldn't be plausible for a US official
to say that they're not aware that the
UAE and UAE proxy forces are involved in
abuse in South Yemen because again the
evidence at this point about that part
of the puzzle it's been mounting for
over a year and so the question is what
have they done now that that evidence
has come to light not only to ensure
that their own officials are not
complicit in abuse this has been raised
but also that their allies are not
committing abuse because as is the
problem across the Yemen more and more
largely including against the Houthis
but also in South Yemen
it really isn't just the US should not
be just concerned was a u.s. person
themselves during the torturing they
should also be concerned if we're
working closely with the UAE and if
they're doing as they admitted to the AP
in June sending questions reading
interrogation transcripts sending
interrogators into some of these
detention facilities whether they were
there or not when the abuse was
happening that puts them in a position
of ability to influence the behavior of
the UAE and UAE you have any forces as
well as a legal risk of complicity in
some of these abuses and that's what's
so frustrating about the fact that there
hasn't been it doesn't appear to be real
action or at least transparency on the
part of the u.s. as to what in the world
they've done now that all this evidence
has come to light about their key
counter-terror Ally partner being
involved in some of these horrific
abuses and I do kind of want to
emphasize that they could and that's
what's so frustrating is that if
Congress were to step up the u.s. could
play a good role in terms of pushing and
making very clear that torture is
unacceptable but as has been mentioned
by some of the other commentators at
this point it needs to be Congress
because the executive has not made that
clear in any way in fact the opposite so
Congress really needs to at this point
in sort of US political dynamics make
very clear where they stand and that's
why I very much hope that the Senate
follows the houses example and does have
a real conversation does push this
notion of an investigation forward right
let me bring in Nabil in hamana once
again we were talking about the u.s.
role in Yemen is it sufficient
transparency in your view about what the
US is doing right now
in Yemen there is nothing about what
this administration does anywhere in the
world not even in Washington so to begin
with I have very little faith in Yemen
itself the focus for the past 10 years
has been on counterterrorism operations
the target has mainly been al Qaeda and
to some extent Isis in Yemen in pursuit
of these terrorists the US has worked
with local security officials now with
the war in Yemen they seem to work more
with the UAE now in both cases even
under when President Saleh was president
and we worked with his security
organizations there was always a bias in
the information being relayed to you as
officials and therefore US intelligence
officials rely on security forces on the
ground and on the UAE and so instead of
bringing them al-qaeda people to
interrogate they often bring them
dissidents political opponents Houthi is
if they can grab a hold of them or
people suspected of being friends of the
Houthis now this casts a wide net and it
ends up that the u.s. is being involved
in targeting people who should be
innocent until proven guilty and there
is no way that these people and have
been proven guilty by anyone but so some
would say how can they be a process of
justice in a country like Yemen right
now and Christine I want to bring that
to you how can they be an investigation
and you know a process of justice in
Yemen when you have an ongoing war a
civil conflict can can that happen
simultaneously you do have an ongoing
war but at the same time you have I mean
when we're talking about an
investigation we're talking about first
of all what in the world has happened on
the US side what are they doing where
have they been what have they known that
should be able to happen regardless of
this
Constance's in Yemen right same thing
goes for the UAE what have our partners
known what have they been doing where
have they been where have they been
holding people and what have they done
to ensure that they're not not only not
torturing people which they should
absolutely not be doing but not
arbitrarily detaining people forcibly
disappearing people and then finally on
the Yemen side I mean yes there's still
a conflict in Yemen but in for example
Aden where we documented many of these
abuses you also have lawyers you have
people who really are committed to
trying to push the notion of some form
of fair process forward and the
conversation has always been well it's a
war so we can't have appropriate
Criminal Justice standards but the like
the very fact is international law still
applies when there's a conflict there's
certain rights that don't get derogated
during accomplish and there are ways in
which there could absolutely be
investigations into what's going on and
I think the very obvious evidence of
that is there have been in impartial
independent investigations so again not
only Human Rights Watch but a UN panel
of experts Associated Press Yemeni
journalist activists and organizations
somehow we've all managed to do real
serious in-depth investigations into
these issues and so one would think that
the u.s. working with the UAE working
with the Yemeni government working with
Yemeni civil society would similarly be
able to uncover and do a real
investigation should the political will
exist but I think the question again
comes back to does the political will
exists right you know it does exist on
the executive side and this is really I
mean this question is really a litmus
test for Congress because at this point
the war in Yemen is three years old
there's a variety of files whereby the
u.s. is not only working with allies who
are committing frequent laws of war
violations but the u.s. itself is
exposing itself to the risk of
complicity and so when will Congress
step up either on the question of
torture in South Yemen or on unlawful
attacks in North Yemen it's really and
this is an opportunity for Congress to
do so and make very clear that no we are
not willing to work with allies who
torture it's it's unacceptable and we're
making this clear to the executive
branch to the White House that's not
acceptable in Yemen and it's not
acceptable across the globe
how can my smart I'm gonna put to you
the same question I asked Christine
there said a second ago can may be a
meaningful investigation into these
human rights abuses in Yemen can justice
bin be rendered when there's an actual
conflict when
people are dying can this happen
simultaneously it's very sad that the US
administration has lost its reputation
this current US administration has lost
its reputation in Yemen especially you
know for many of the violations that
have been ongoing whether in the north
for the attacks they saw the attacks or
in the South the UAE torture cases etc
so I am very pessimistic on this I don't
feel that there is a will in general to
take this forward the human rights
report has been there for almost a year
now and it it was basically ignored by
US media US authorities Excel or
currently right now bringing the country
so there's no will right now and as I
guess mr. holy said Congress right now
and the Senate is both are both
controlled by the Republicans Reagan's
so they're basically not willing to take
this forward so if this case is to go
forward it has to happen maybe after
November after we see what happens in in
the next elections for now I am very
pessimistic that anything will happen
Nabila Hui what about other
international actors we've talked a lot
about the u.s. in our discussion the
airstrikes but by the saudi-led
Coalition in Yemen have killed many of
course in Saudi Arabia we know has
fought a recent inquiry into what's been
happening on the ground in Yemen the UK
also has fought inquiries into its role
in Yemen there seems to be opposition
from various parts of the international
community to investigate these abuses
that are committed in in Yemen should
investigate this thoroughly
unfortunately the birds at least in
terms of soldiers on the ground have
been working hand in glove with US
forces the intelligence agencies of both
countries work together very closely and
so to the extent that the u.s. is in
acts of torture or violence against
civilians the Brits are just as
implicated the American
I must point out here that the US has
been in war phones in the Middle East
for the past 10 years since 9/11 at
least and being in a war zone does not
exonerate you from follow injures and
the army book of rules has making it
procedures American laws of war are very
clear and if these laws are being
implemented properly we should not be
getting stories of this sort okay I'm
just gonna try and give the last word to
Kristine in Beirut Kristine I know you
think we're a long way from an actual
investigation but fast forward you know
to when there is an investigation if
there is evidence that the US military
or intelligence personnel participated
in these abuses being committed in these
secret prisons in Yemen then what I mean
has they has anyone ever been held to
account when it comes to these so-called
black sites
well good reminder why we should take
conversations around accountability
seriously I mean so yes the US has
absolutely failed on the question of
accountability for the role of US
personnel in torture during the
quote/unquote war on terror but my very
strong hope is that if anything has come
up the last few years it's that it's
made clear that when we say things like
people need to be held to account and
justice needs to be done it's not just
about looking to the Past it's also
about looking to the future so even for
Republicans if they believe that they
have stance against torture then that
includes holding people to account both
for US personnel role and told you
torture and again if we have allies who
are involved in torture that we make
very very clear that that's okay
acceptable okay well leave it there
thank you so much Christine Becca Lee
for speaking to us Hakim illumise Mary
in sana thank you as well and of course
Nabil Khoury thank you for taking part
in this edition of inside story and
thank you for watching as always you can
watch this program again anytime by
visiting our website aljazeera.com for
further discussion go to our Facebook
page that's facebook.com for /aj Inside
Story you can also of course also join
the conversation on twitter our handle
is at aj inside story from me fully
batty boy and the whole team thank you
for watching bye
you
you
