hello I'm hasnÂ´t seeker this is counting
the cost on al-jazeera your weekly look
at the world of business and economics I
believe that this is a tremendous
setback for North Korea and indeed a
setback for the world let's call the
whole thing off how investors are
reacting to the collapse of the Trump
Kim summit in Singapore out of love with
Europe why Italy is the latest country
to push back against Brussels plus
edging higher we look at the pressures
on black gold it would have been the
first time a sitting US president met a
North Korean leader but it wasn't meant
to be at least for now
Donald Trump has pulled out of the
landmark summit which had been set for
June 12th a move that Pyongyang has
called extremely regrettable Trump's
announcement in the form of a breakup
letter came just after North Korea said
it had blown up its only nuclear test
site in a goodwill gesture to reduce
regional tensions the decisions and
world stock markets tumbling with China
posting their worst trading week in more
than a month but in the longer term what
does this diplomatic uncertainty mean
for investors and economically for the
region we're joining us now from
Singapore is Debra Elms executive
director of the Singapore based Asia
trade center good to have you with us so
is this an opportunity lost then for the
region the summit itself I don't think
so I think it was always questionable
whether the summit would take place here
in Singapore it's still possible in the
summit a summit will take place at some
point in the future but I don't think
that people really had counted on it
actually taking place as planned on the
12th but in the longer term scenario
what was there perhaps an opportunity
here - to get bring North Korea back
into the international arena
so to speak and open up all kinds of
trade possibilities further down from
there I mean there may have been and
certainly and there's always that
possibility
future at some point you would like to
think that North Korea would be brought
into the out of the pariah status and
back into the global community when that
will take place is a little unclear
sooner would be better certainly on
behalf of the North Korean people that
would be fantastic
but there are some real challenges to
getting that done and the more the US
side in particular talked about the
Libya example the harder it is to get
North Korean elites to go along with the
strategy because in their minds the
Libya example is either death or prison
and neither one of those outcomes sounds
particularly attractive so if you are a
North Korean elite the last thing you
want is the Libya example repeated again
against North Korea yeah I think you're
referring there to what the national
security of Security Advisor John Bolton
had said in which he used that example
you think that that is perhaps what what
killed it for for the North Koreans and
what led to their tougher rhetoric on
this well I think over the history that
you know this is not a regime that's
been easy to deal with no matter who's
in charge but I do think that the use of
the term Libya and the repeated
discussions about unilateral disarmament
are very difficult kind of language to
use before you've even had the
opportunity to sit down and meet for the
first time and when you set that up as
the original goal I think it's even
harder to get the North Koreans to come
to the table and I think what you saw
was increasing North Korean anger
leading the u.s. to cancel the summit
and so I think I mean I don't think
that's especially surprising
it's got you've got two sides who are
both disruptive type leaders and it's
difficult to get too disruptive type
leaders to get together when they have
never met before and when they both
practice a certain kind of diplomacy
that is about sort of bomba stand
threats and and it's hard to see how
those two kinds of leaders can get
together and as a peaceful summit kind
of fashion and what is China get out of
all of this there are of course North
Korea's closest
a lie and the argument has been made
that they they may have had a hand in
this basically turning North Koreans
hold on a second here you need to take a
tougher line on this and the result is
that they the argument is again has been
made that they have leverage now China
has leverage now with the u.s. in their
ongoing trade negotiations is there any
truth to that you think well I think the
Chinese are probably okay with the
summit being cancelled because they it
was cancelled for nothing to do with
China and the Chinese in this case we're
not the cause of the cancellation so
they cannot be held accountable I don't
think or anything the North Koreans may
or may not have done or anything that
may have resulted from the summit itself
so in this case China I think is
probably satisfied with the outcome they
they did what they could to get the
Koreans to agree to go to a summit the
u.s. called off the summit Chinese
probably feel like they've done what
they can how does this impact their
their trade dealings with the US at the
moment because that is another track and
and the u.s. knows that China has has a
lot of influence on North Korea in in in
their trade relations with them now that
gets a little bit more difficult I mean
one of the reasons why you might argue
the United States has been relatively
nice or at least this would be some
interpretation of US policy relatively
nice to China especially around the ZTE
the the sanctions the United States
wanted to propose to ZTE was to get
China's cooperation on North Korea ahead
of the summit
if the summit is not going to happen
then the question is well how long is
the United States gonna continue to be
nice to China if the summit gets
postponed altogether or gets postponed
to the fall are the Americans going to
continue to be pleasant to the Chinese
or do they say never mind the North
Korean summit issue we now will pursue
with all them and bigger than section
301 arguments that we've been having and
imposed tariffs against the Chinese go
after them for IP intellectual property
rights theft go after ZTE as we had
originally stated
and so forth and if that happens then
the Chinese will be probably less happy
that the summit was cancelled than they
are maybe at this very moment and where
does this leave the South Koreans and
and all of their efforts trying to get
this whole rapprochement between north
and south and between the United States
and North Korea well I think the South
Koreans are clearly them probably the
best I would say the most unhappy of
them all I was in Seoul last week with
many of the top folks in the South
Korean government and the level of
enthusiasm for this summit was palpable
from the highest leadership down to very
junior people really excited about the
possibility of finally ending the threat
of you know nuclear war right on at
their border very enthusiastic about a
different approach maybe this would be
the one that solved the problems and so
to find out that not only is the summit
canceled but that the u.s. did so
without even notifying the South Koreans
first I has got to be incredibly
disappointing disheartening anger
provoking you know the South Koreans
have got to be saying to themselves what
what else can we do how else could we
solve this how reliable a partner is the
United States now that it puts them in a
very awkward position good to speak with
you Debra Elms in Singapore thank you
thank you ours Italy puts the finishing
touches on its new coalition government
there's growing concern in the EU over
its Euroskeptic stance many are focusing
on the prospects of Europe's third
largest economy at the hands of a big
spending government we'll talk more
about that in just a moment but
immigration was also a major issue
Lawrence Lee has that you can't live
like this with any dignity where this
Roma community is forced to try the
municipality stopped rubbish collection
years ago so it's piled up everywhere as
people try to sell scrap
there's barely running water so they
have to improvise everything most are
Italian citizens and many work but they
won't show their faces because they fear
their employers would fire them if their
identities are discovered Matteo salvini
the leader of the far rights League
party routinely tweets that they are
gypsy thieves and he will bulldoze their
camps of course the Roma people have
seen all the messages and they're
outraged it's pure propaganda it's
racism the words Ingary
gypsy shouldn't be used at all he talks
about bulldozers as if he will be the
one to come and clean up the camps he
shouldn't be a politician he should do
something else the threats are already
attracting the attention of human rights
advocates even before the new government
is formed these politicians don't
realize what the situation is you can't
expel Italians the ones from the former
Yugoslavia are either here legally or
they are stateless so no country will
take them back in the election here
nearly one in five Italians voted for
the league party and so plainly it isn't
difficult to convince angry
disillusioned people that Europe cares
more about outsiders than ethnic
Italians of course whether or not
they're serious about bulldozing these
places and trying to deport European
citizens there's a different question
about the sort of language that's been
used and its consequences in the new
government mr. salvini would be in
charge of Home Affairs the police and
immigration during the election campaign
a Nigerian migrant savagely murdered an
Italian woman and salvini said this one
more year when I get an 18 year old girl
should not die cut into two pieces and
put into a suitcase because of Nigerian
illegal migrant drug pusher was
wandering around Italy freely the next
day a man draped in the Italian flag
shot several migrants in the East
Italian town of mature otto mr salvini
would have caused an i he is speaking
for a fascist fringe but rather for
millions of italian people angry that
they've been left to deal with a massive
immigration problem
by themselves nor is Italy the only
country threatening mass deportations
Germany is currently trying to remove
30,000 Nigerians but there is no
question that threats are parts of the
new politics in Italy well joining us
now from London is Lynne Graham Taylor
senior rate strategist with the
Netherlands based Rabobank thanks very
much for being with us
so this economic plan that the new
Italian government has put forward
involves it sharply increasing spending
repealing reforms of the labor and the
pension market and in doing that
directly violating the financial limits
set by the European Union for four
countries using the euro are they really
on a collision course now with Europe
yeah I think it's fair to say there's
been a very hard line taken by no the
major political players in m5s and the
league and it does look very much like
you know they want to increase spending
and that will put them on a collision
course with officials in Brussels but is
there if I could put it this way it's
there is their bark bigger than their
bite is it is it just a lot of talk at
this point I mean how how serious are
they about this yeah I think the jury is
out on exactly the extent of their plans
that they'll be able to implement let's
say over the next six month period you
know perhaps they'll only be able to go
for some of the more tokenistic elements
of their manifest of this or joint
agreement but the fact is also there's
quite a lot of strength behind their
feelings about the stuff they do want to
implement and almost regardless of what
they do if the rhetoric stays up is
going to impact the bond markets so if
funding Italian spreads are good to go
on certainly you know be a bias to the
upside on headline risk yeah I mean
that's that's the the essential point
isn't it all comes down to to how the
markets react to this and and will that
be the kind of deciding factor in all of
this I think it will certainly play an
important role in the background
obviously a lot of the fact is the you
know Italy has a very high debt stock
with and so it has to play beyond the
mines or
policymakers you know they might want to
say in public that you know they're not
gonna be held hostage by the market but
ultimately the funding cost of the state
is a pretty important thing and so they
have to bear that in mind and as you say
Italy as high debt at the moment but
we're talking as well about Europe's
fourth largest economy here much much
bigger than Greece which is now finally
appearing to come out of its economic
malaise after something like eight years
what what implications is is does a
country like Italy have what ripple
effect could that a hat that have across
the block yeah I think for the first
time really over the last or six or
seven years we've seen a gradual wind
down and attenuation in the markets
minds of existential questions about the
future of the euro zone and I think
those effectively you know get
definitely the questions we're being
asked are those have come back to the
forefront of people's minds and once
they've been thought again they can't be
unthought and so I think you know you're
gonna see a bit of it it has been a
structure structurally higher level of
peripheral yields even if there has been
to some extent a D correlation between
you know the likes of Spain and Portugal
and Italy and yeah these thoughts can't
be unthought and I think that that added
premium is here to stay and and what are
the markets looking at as far as the the
new Italian Prime Minister Giuseppe
Conte something of a political novice is
he equipped to handle all of this yeah I
mean to be honest I think at the moment
a lot of the focus is just on who
exactly is going to be the finance
minister
that's almost seen as a more important
role going forward it's very much he was
a very you know that as a p.m. he was
very much a consensus choice in someone
that they could both agree on but we
might get much more of a steer on what
sort of policies they're likely to
implement and on the negotiation process
with Europe once we get exactly who the
new finance minister will be in the
government although actually all of this
most talks about candidates are to some
extent looking for quite hardline when
it comes to negotiating with Europe the
deal they want for Italy from the other
members of the eurozone and just going
back to those ambitious spending plans
the big question that comes to mind is
how they how are they going to pay for
all of this well I think
essentially there'll be some hope that
it will be there'll be some higher
growth but it looks like you know that
effectively I'll just be running a
bigger budget deficit and hoping that
you know obviously the hope amongst the
the politicians implementing the
policies is it feeds through into higher
economic growth and some become
self-sustaining from a from a budgetary
perspective Lim Graham Taylor thanks
very much for being with us thank you
I still to come on counting the cost
what's behind the rising price of oil
and how is it affecting the global
economy our oil is currently trading at
a near three-year high conflicts in the
Middle East and the 2015 Iran nuclear
accord breakup have pushed up the price
because of potential global supply risks
to add to this OPEC and its allied
nations have been curbing output since
the start of last year so how worried
should consumers feel or is it now time
to accept whatever the market dictates
we're joining us now from Geneva is
Jacomo luciani a professor at the
Graduate Institute in Geneva and the
co-director of the executive master in
oil and gas leadership course thanks
very much for being with us so do you
think first of all oil prices are set to
go higher to perhaps a hundred dollars a
barrel I don't know that they will go to
$100 a barrel what characterizes a
situation today is that there really is
no tension in terms of physical
quantities demand that supply our
supplies sufficient to meet demand there
is no reason in fundamentals so-called
why the price should go up as you said
it's all potential its expectations
maybe we will have less oil in the
future if there is sanctions stringent
sanctions on Iran which all the
countries that do not agree with these
sanctions will not be able to bypass or
maybe there is going to be we and even
worse crisis in Venezuela but for the
moment there is none of that but Saudi
Arabia and other OPEC nations want these
prices to continue to go up they've been
cutting supplies in in the hopes that
that would happen so it appears that
that strategy
is working is continuing to work yes it
does
Saudi Arabia has been talking prices up
Russia less so in other countries even
less so for example Iran the Iranian
minister of petroleum has said that
price should not increase much beyond
$60 per barrel so opinions differ surely
demand has been increasing quite rapidly
over the past few months or the past
year we have had an addition of 1.7
million barrels per day to demand and so
eventually supply also has to increase
to meet this demand we have to wait and
see what the point of equilibrium will
be and where does the US shale oil fit
into this because as these prices
continue to go up does that increase the
incentive for US producers to start
pumping out shale oil again which is
cheaper to do absolutely they are doing
this shale oil production is increasing
its effect on global prices is not felt
very much because of several especially
transportation bottlenecks we have again
a situation in which there is a large
gap that has opened in between the
so-called Brent price which is a price
of oil
delivered in the North Sea in WTI
which is the price for oil delivered
inland in in the United States at
Cushing in Oklahoma so this has opened
again it's $7 or more so there is a
significant difference to the price of
oil so to speak internationally and the
price of oil in the United States
indicating that there is abundant supply
in the United States but once sufficient
pipeline is established to export more
of us oil this differential will tend to
decrease in US exports will
a dampening effect on global prices so
what's all this gonna mean then for
consumers particularly for motorists
prices at the pump look set to go up and
we've got the summer driving season
coming up as well it's gonna gonna take
a hit on people's pocketbooks isn't it
yes exactly and and what we need to see
is what the reaction of consumers will
be in the United States and elsewhere
because there is always a delusion I
believe an impression which is wrong
that consumers will not react that
demand will not react to changes in
prices even recently the Saudi Minister
of Petroleum has said consumers can pay
more well maybe they can't pay more but
the question is whether they will pay
more if confronted with this increasing
prices they may be very well react by
reducing consumption and this is again a
factor that may dampen prices in in the
future so what's at stake here for Saudi
Arabia and they've got this big Ramco
IPO coming up the big state oil company
sale they've got lots of ambitious and
very expensive domestic projects and
they've got to continue financing the
ongoing war in Yemen so they're going to
do everything they can aren't they to
keep these prices high well Saudi Arabia
like all producing countries must find
the balancing point in between the long
term interests and their short term
interests in the short term clearly they
are interested in having high prices
because that improves that financial
situation that's very normal but high
prices may discourage demand we should
not forget that people expect demand for
oil globally to peak in more or less
near future this might be by 2030 or
soon thereafter so the more you drive
the price up the more it becomes
probable that consumers will react and
that some demand will be destroyed it's
this effect of demand destruction that
must be looked at very carefully because
if you push prices too high demand will
be destroyed and so in the long run you
may be losing do you come a Luciani
thanks very much for your time now if
you caught last week's show we told you
all about GDP our if you remember the
big European Union legislation on data
protection it's now coming to effect and
you have been seeing the results of it
already lots of emails in your inbox
from companies basically asking if you
still want to hear from them businesses
now need to ask for consumers consent to
harvest data so people will have to
actively opt-in and consumers have the
right to know if their information is
being used and for what purpose
companies in breach of GDP are can be
fined up to 4% of annual global turnover
I'm saying with tech French president
Emmanuel macron has called for more
openness and honesty from technology
companies
Facebook's boss and other industry chief
executives attended a summit in Paris
along with political leaders the
discussions come after Mark Zuckerberg
was grilled by members of the European
Parliament on the use of data and fake
news the Sony is to buy a controlling
stake in EMI Music Publishing for 2.3
billion dollars the Japanese company
wants to strengthen this music portfolio
the deal will see it get a catalogue of
more than 2 million songs
sixty percent stake in EMI as part of
Sony's growth plan built around content
and streaming services do still needs
approval though from the regulators and
police in Malaysia have seized nearly 30
million dollars from apartments linked
to the family of former Prime Minister
Najib Razak natives been accused of
pocketing millions of dollars of public
money including from state fund 1mdb
which he set up in 2009 he denies any
wrongdoing
and that is our show for this week
remember you can get in touch with us by
tweeting me at handsome seeker and do
use the hashtag a JCTC when you do or
drop us an email counting the cost that
edges zero net is our address there's
more for you on line at edges intercom
CTC that'll take you straight to our
page which has individual reports links
and entire episodes for you to catch up
on that is it for this edition of
counting the cost remember the news is
up next for me has some secret and the
whole team here thanks for joining us
