as Muslims in the United States face an
increasingly oppressive atmosphere the
summer phobic organizations are becoming
ever more organized and influential a
new al Jazeera investigation has found
out this I'm funny ok and I'm Emily
could be al you're in the stream live on
al-jazeera and YouTube today we'll
discuss the documentary and a look at
how anti-muslim groups are making a
lucrative business from 8 have a look
intolerance and anger have gripped parts
of white America assault on Muslim
Americans are increasing an explosion at
a Bloomington Islamic Center this
investigation traces the groups that
promote Islamophobia the fear of Muslims
women raped on the streets of Germany
because of unvetted Islamic refugees we
exposed the tactics used to influence
social media and we reveal their
connections to members of the Trump
administration if summer phobia is now
Islam flow excuse me a phobia
Incorporated and that's according to our
colleagues in Al Jazeera's
investigations unit leading hate groups
across the u.s. are using social media
to amplify their bigotry with
devastating consequences for Muslim
communities and they have deep pockets
thanks to payments from anonymous donors
that run into millions of dollars
relying the notion that merely
individuals and small groups are behind
anti-muslim rhetoric and violence
Islamophobia Incorporated is well oiled
and media savvy and it is forged
connections with the Trump
administration here to discuss this we
have Jeremy Young al Jazeera senior
investigative producer who worked on the
film theater Abood joins us from Phoenix
Arizona she is a Democratic candidate
for US Senate and founder of the Global
Institute of solution-oriented
leadership she appears in the Al Jazeera
film we're discussing today from
Philadelphia we have nausea Kazi she is
assistant professor of anthropology at
stocked
University and author of the upcoming
book race Islamophobia and global
politics and in Chicago we have Ahmed
rehab he has executive director of the
Chicago office of the Council on
american-islamic relations also known as
care good to have you here everybody
Jeremy you ventured into communities
that you don't have a connection to but
you saw hate focused at them what was
that like I think for a lot of the
experiences that individuals are going
through and Muslim American communities
all across the country it's really
difficult and I think there's a lot of
ire and I think there's a lot of bigotry
that's expressed at them in very
ordinary places you know at the shopping
market at the stoplight people are
saying stuff people are being attacked
physically and I think it's a really
difficult time right now this isn't just
about Americans hating Muslims this
documentary is about their money behind
it the coordination the talking points
that are shared around was any of that a
revelation for you I was already aware
of this I've been and you know I'm
Muslim walking around in society for
years and an activist an attorney so
this is the reality that Muslims live in
whether they just had to become
high-profile or not what's most
disappointing is there is an agenda
there's a lot of money behind it and
these very sincere people that are
driven by fear are being used and they
don't even realize they're being used
and it's not even to their benefit so
there was one person online who agreed
that not necessarily surprised but this
person says they were disgusted this is
truth seeker on Twitter who says I was
disgusted to find out that Islamophobic
organizations were funded in the
millions by private organizations all
rhetoric and propaganda needs funding in
order to thrive it fits in the u.s.
agenda more boats on the right division
justify the war and a Muslim ban Jeremy
so he talks about this funding you
looked into donors who were funneling
money and channeling money to some of
these organizations what surprised you
the most I think one of the most
difficult things to comprehend is the
amount of dark money that's involved and
nowadays especially post citizens united
decision about the
involvement of money in u.s. politics
there's just a tremendous amount of
funds that flow into these groups that's
pretty much unchecked you know a lot of
it we can verify who's giving it and a
lot of it we really can't and that's
very scary dot money is yeah basically
there's organizations where you can
funnel money into an organization for
example one of the ones that we feature
is called you know donors trust which is
in the documentary they then funnel the
money into Islamophobic organizations
and the original donor is shielded from
being identified as the person who put
the money into that organization to
begin with sure I want to play a little
clip for you this is a gentleman called
Ruben Israel I use the phrase gentlemen
loosely he's a street preacher have a
look we have banners and tools for every
occasion here you have one of who
Mohammed was and what their religion is
about my religion tells me that Islam is
the bastard religion most people in
America do believe Islam is bad but
don't want to say that yes according to
the walk well we got a president that we
put in office based on his on what he
has to say about the Islam nausea I
didn't understand the level of hate I
was seeing from individual Americans but
you're an anthropologist can can you
make more sense of it sure you know I
teach about this Islamophobia industry
in my classes at Stockton and quite
often you know my students are stunned
and shocked as was the person who chimed
in on Twitter to hear about this
well-funded
network of Islamophobes but you know
here we are on Memorial Day and I think
if we want to think about what the most
well-funded anti-muslim organization is
it's the one that invaded Iraq in 2003
you know and and so my point is that we
have to make these critical connections
between the practices of the state
itself and by the state I don't just
mean the Trump administration I mean
what the US government has been doing
for four decades if not longer and how
that kind of trickles down into the
hearts and minds of
individual pickets and these right-wing
sort of fringe organizations because I
think all too often we have this
tendency to regard Islamophobia as this
kind of freakish anomaly emanating from
the far-right instead of something
that's far more endemic to American race
politics there's something that occurred
to me at mode which was the the talking
points that circulate about how Muslims
are what they do what they like and your
Twitter feed pinned right at the top
tweet from Tommy Campbell thinking every
Muslim is a terrorist is like thinking
every American is Donald Trump but some
of these talking points are very very
simplistic did you know where they came
from do you know where they come from
well we've seen the internet in the
blogosphere sort of a breeding ground
since about ten years ago it starts some
of the most pervasive narratives of
Slama phobia in places where most people
think they're going to remain niche but
they slowly branch out and get into the
mainstream first through the right-wing
mainstream news networks and then into
the street from there but just to go
back to what nacio is saying I agree
with her 100% and it didn't surprise me
either I've always talked about
something called these organized
Islamophobia Network you can call that
the Islamophobia industry or
Islamophobia Inc or fear Inc but the
notion that there is something agenda
driven and purposeful it's not random is
important let me just say that there are
two types of Islamophobia as far as I'm
concerned there's the political and the
religious in one end and then there's
sort of main street needs your fear kind
of reaction on the other
the first two are agenda-driven whether
it's religious or political we'll get
into the difference between the two but
they're also well-funded and they're
funded by billionaires and people who
have power in society people like
Sheldon Adelson the Mercer family and
some of the spokespersons are people in
the Senate and in Congress you know
picking up on that point that I mean
you're echoing nauseas point there's
someone else on line who would agree
with both of you hg floor says
Islamophobia wasn't at an all-time high
the first few years after 9/11 the
election of Barack Obama helped
alleviate us Islam tensions he says
unfortunately shifting the country back
to racial fears the campaign and the
election of Trump is shifting those
fears back into a post 9/11 phobia so
that's an interesting flowchart he's
laid out for us but someone online
agreed with him in this tweet Nisa says
I agree it's easy for people to think my
precedent acts in this way so it must
mean that I can to his abuse of Islam
and Muslim people lends a cloak of
legitimacy to perpetrators of violent
attacks against Muslims nasi I'm
wondering what you think this since you
brought up the fact that you see the
government and and and a systemic source
behind some of these attacks what do you
make of this comment yeah you know in my
first living book I talked about how we
need to think beyond Trump in this
moment and I think one of the really
kind of tragic one of the many tragic
side effects of this new administration
is that we're forgetting about the
Islamophobia that came before so for
instance the fact that we have had in
place
drone warfare program intensified by
Obama that legally classified adult
Muslim men as enemy combatants rather
than as civilians you know and and so we
we right now we run a risk of kind of
resisting Trump only to reinstate the
type of politics that brought us here in
the first place and I think one of the
things we ought to be very diligent
about in this moment is to think about
the continuities you know the types of
Islamophobia that has persisted
regardless of party you know as Deepak
Kumar says Islamophobia is a bipartisan
project and I think we would be
well-served to sort acknowledge it in
that way the yes danger a bigger problem
is we saw after September 11th that a
lot of elected leaders were disparaging
Muslims and what we saw after September
11th was a lot of elected leaders were
actually pushing back in defending we
don't see that anymore we see our
elected leaders keeping their head down
even trying themselves to benefit from
this rhetoric and we need to raise the
standard and the expectation we've had
people in the past who've stood up to
their own own detriment even to to
defend different marginalized
communities
including Muslims and we also have to
realize that although this is a Muslim
issue and we are getting a huge amount
of negativity out of it the people who
are actually by law being hurt the most
are actually the Latino community in the
black community I mean here in Arizona
we had SB 1070 so while people were
disparaging Muslims they were passing
laws and trying to deport every brown
person in Arizona and causing that
negative reaction on the street in the
the marketplace for regular people who
were Brown in general not all Muslims
can be identified but all brown people
can yeah go ahead nauseant go ahead
I think DJ's point is absolutely
critical because we're kind of stuck
with this term Islamophobia and it's
sort of a misnomer because this
militarizing of our border and the
ramping up of ice this whole creation of
this concept of Homeland Security
stemmed from a type of Islamophobic fear
of a Muslim terrorist attack but has
ended up impacting Latino migrants and a
large extent and even the term
Islamophobia itself assumes that the
impacts of Islamophobia are uniformly
felt but they're certainly you know
intensely felt in black Muslim
communities in working class and
undocumented Muslim communities and if
we're thinking about the Islamophobia
industry we can also think about the
anti Islamophobia industry and the ways
in which so many of the voices that have
been able to speak most vocally against
Islamophobia have been often the most
sheltered from Islamophobia as most
devastating effects is I just yeah yeah
I mean one of the things I wanted to
introduce this because we could speak
about Islamophobia for days but I'm
really curious about hearing about how
you then tackle it what do you do about
it Jaime you did a very thorough job of
pointing out the money the talking
points the organization the connections
that it's just not ordinary Americans
hating it's coordinated coordinated hate
where is the fighting back in the
documentary I like that with their
dichotomy that Ackerman puts down
because it begins in these think tanks
and these
organizations in these leaders and emits
down to sort of category B which he was
describing which are people in the
average street who are the ones who are
the recipient of this message and those
are the people that I think need to be
addressed and those are the people that
need to be having a conversation to
understand that these talking points are
not true Sharia law is not coming to the
United States and it's not something
that they need to fear you're
campaigning for the US Senate and in a
part of the documentary you were having
a meeting and somebody was outside
protesting hears that somebody today
Deidre is in the town of quartzite in
rural Arizona despite its remoteness we
still see the reach of Islamophobia
incorporated they were concerned that
Islamic law was already being enforced
in the United States I care about when
they try to supersede the law of the
land which is the constitution have you
seen any evidence of that there's four
towns that are currently under Muslim
law and Chicago miles will be
deidre when you're campaigning you have
to win those hearts and minds and when
there's so much Islamophobia out there
how are you
tackling that what do you do with humor
and compassion and understanding that
they are dealing with the best
information they have even though it's
the worst information available and and
you know planning to see that that what
they see before them is not what they
assume I mean one of the things is you
know people will say you know Muslims
are trying to kill us
you know the religion says that they're
trying to kill us or they have to kill
us and I'll say okay so you think that
we're an alien species that one point
eight billion people share a brain and
that even though 150,000 Muslims in
Arizona are not trying to kill anybody
you still think that we're supposed to
be doing that even though we're not or
the fact that on my campaign I'm one of
my top four platform issues the
separation of church and state
so when people come up to me and say I
don't want Sharia I say me either
let's not have any religion in the
government let's work together on that
German Sharia came up a lot in in the
documentary and Sharia law or
pronouncing all sorts of ways I didn't
realize it was a able to be pronounced
do people even know what it is Sharia
law is not even a thing right so the
idea that the industry takes a lot of
words that sound foreign that average
Americans don't understand and they
attach a negative connotation to it and
that's what people take I mean we
attended this march against Sharia that
act for America planned last year in 28
cities and you had people out there with
homemade signs screaming about Sharia
and you know at the heart of it was you
know they were on the receiving end of
this messaging that comes from the
Islamophobia industry so if I may
interject I've had a few connections
backed up let me try to go through them
the first is when we speak about
government we cannot think of government
as some entity that sits on its own if
we believe in a government of the people
by the people for the people when we
speak of government it's very crucial
that we understand we speak of people so
who are the people in government who are
the people that influence government who
are the people that lobby and pay for
the campaign's of those who are in
government that conversation is really
what speaking of government ought to be
about because it's not a given and it's
not inherent it can change over time it
depends on who's influencing who the
second point is when it comes to the
street preachers in a way these are the
least of my concern their concern they
can be very dangerous but their pawns if
you think of the Islamophobia industry
it's sort of an army of chess pieces
there are the pawns the ones behind that
line of pawns are the ones whom we ought
to be talking about as more dangerous
they often get a pass in the media
nobody talks about the Mercer family as
often and as intensely as we ought to if
we understood how influential and
impactful they are on what the world is
going through not just the Muslim
community in America likewise with the
Sheldon Adelson's second town mentioning
those two family names there are so many
more and the documentary touches that
other books and reports and studies
touch that but it's not in the mitts not
a narrative in mainstream American media
yet not by a longshot and it needs to be
and if I can follow up so ahmed is
identifying some of the finance seers
behind the industry but you also have to
look at the people who are in government
you know Jeff Sessions is the US
Attorney General he's received awards
from the Center for Security Policy Mike
Pompeo is the Secretary of State he's
received awards from acts for America
John Bolton is the National Security
Advisor he wrote the foreword for Pamela
Geller's book these individuals are very
deeply connected with Pamela Geller for
anyone who hasn't seen the documentary
yet is a very important person in this
yes she sort of came onto the scene in
2009 with this the term ground zero
mosque it's shameful that we even use it
because that's not actually accurate but
that's really where she sort of you know
took hold of television networks and she
was able to establish her message and
establish her identity as sort of a
leader in the Islamophobia movement and
that was a really key point in the
history of this in the United States
before that Gaffney and so on and so on
so and those awards you just mentioned
is that the equivalent of getting an
award and getting praise from a hate
group is that what you're saying the
Southern Poverty Law Center identifies
all of these as anti-muslim hate groups
and yes I mean they they receive an
award I mean on the Congressional side
if we're gonna get into the politics
more a lot of these individuals
represent very safe districts and
they're not afraid to associate
themselves with fringe groups like act
for America but yeah they're they're
receiving an award in their connection
they pick them up another one picking it
up and saying thank you so much I think
for me it's it's not there connections
are so verifiable it's a fact they
received this award Mike Pompeo
sponsored a act for America legislation
briefing on Capitol Hill he sponsored
the room for them so that they could
meet I mean these are real ways in which
they work with the industry and benefit
from the industry when you hear about
how systemic it is there then I wonder
what you all of our panel makes of
comments like this this is a leave user
who talks about how to combat how to
tackle Islamophobia she says the leading
cause of Islamophobia is ignorance if
people spend the time to educate
themselves about the Islamic culture I
believe we would see a significant
change in negative stigma towards Islam
and Muslims so you see a lot of people
advocate
for educating and and combating
stereotypes but then you have comments
like this this is Charlton Walker who
wrote into al-jazeera saying this is not
Islamophobia this is national security
nas what do you make of the
juxtaposition of those two comments
because you you have people of many
different camps in those two camps
really this is really the bulk of my
work which is trying to explore how so
much of the effort to fight this Lama
phobia has centered on explaining who
Muslims are to the West you know I teach
these workshops and everyone in the
audience has heard the phrase Islam is a
religion of peace and then no one has
heard about material support for the UN
but the US has provided in devastating
the country of Yemen and I think that
you know in the in the documentary
there's this really there's this really
provocative clip where a woman is saying
you know Sharia law wants us to cut
heads off of people well if we want to
talk about cutting heads off of people
we can talk about the cozy alliance
between the u.s. and the Saudi
government and I think when you start to
have these conversations about
geopolitics as opposed to understanding
who Muslims are you really start to
begin to make some progress in debunking
the very roots of Islamophobia that's
right you you can't logic people out of
a position that they weren't logic into
so you can't you can't try to convince
them that the information they have is
incorrect you have to be able to address
it in ways that they can understand and
just explaining to them that Muslims are
nice and that you know we we have some
things in the Quran that can be taken
out of context just like you can have
stuff in the Bible that can be taken out
of context that doesn't resonate with
people because they already believe that
the Bible is correct or that the Bible
is not correct but they don't understand
the relevance so being able to take it
to somewhere else that that isn't about
it's not really about fact-based it's
about having human conversations it's
about having discourse it's about not
taking it personal so that you start
becoming defensive and wanting to prove
points that are so irrelevant to
changing the dynamics that you've lost
the battle also it's important again to
distinguish
between the providers and the creators
of the Islamic narratives the Wizards of
Islamophobia and the consumers I mean I
just play this clip because I think it
sums up what you're talking about
yourself and you go you've all got very
impressive degrees and very impressive
resumes but what I feel it does come
down to are everyday Americans who are
struggling with the misinformation
that's flying at them so one of your
constituents sat down with Simon the
correspondent for it's llama phobia Inc
and he asked her this very important
question have a listen
their agenda is to infiltrate to get
into politics to get into churches to
get into schools how do we get to a
point where you're not they're
suspicious of people like they're true
or you're not worried about Sharia in
America how do I come to that point how
do we get to the point where we're not
worried about you
jomi that pause were so telling I don't
even know how long she needed to pause
before she could come up with an answer
before this film for this documentary
could you tell when that point might be
in American history I don't know I mean
I think the clip is powerful because you
can tell she's thinking about it right
this is not just some sort of knee-jerk
thing that she's saying she's put a lot
of thought into it obviously her sources
for her research are somewhat
questionable but it's something that
gets at her inside and she cares deeply
about it it's very it's very evident on
he's really trying to run pack it in
ahead do I know you want to say
something but I'm just about to wrap up
with it seconds away from the end of the
show but I wanted to check in with
Malika
how's the conversation going down online
well first of all this from YouTube live
from Elizabeth who says India I hope you
win we need intelligent people like you
in government but this is another that
kind of sums up what we're discussing
liza says the u.s. muslim communities
are doing all they can it's up to the
rest of us to stand up for them I have
to say thank you to Deirdre and Naz Leah
up med injure me for being with us let
me just show you where you can see
Islamophobia Inc it is a aljazeera.com
slash investigations slash Islamophobia
Inc
and there you can watch it and they make
your own decision thanks for watching
everybody
Malik and I will see you online take
care
