with a much anticipated bang of the
gavel a new anti-terror law was approved
by the Indonesian Parliament on Friday
changes to existing laws were initially
proposed two years ago a series of
recent suicide bomb attacks renewed
focus
earlier this month more than 20 people
were killed at churches in a main police
station in Surabaya Indonesia s
second-largest city two families
including children carried out the
attacks ISIL claimed responsibility
supporters of the new law say it gives
more tools to the government and law
enforcement to prevent attacks it also
says if someone is charged with an
offence when children are involved the
penalty will be increased by a third but
it would be our old law is only about
the response to terror acts we know if
we are only responding the problem they
are always more than 1,000 Indonesians
have traveled to Syria and Iraq to join
isil's fight it's estimated 500 have
returned the new law allows police to
charge Indonesians proven to have joined
a terrorist group while abroad and also
those who have trained or simply planned
to carry out attacks negotiations went
late into Thursday night before the new
anti-terrorism law was passed here in
Parliament on Friday much of the
discussion was focused on the definition
of terrorism the law also includes a
role for the Indonesian army the TNI and
combating terrorism the government said
they'll only be brought in for larger
incidents the president has a year to
detail exactly what the thien eyes and
the Terrorism role will be new funding
and support for attack victims is part
of the new law so cheap Tahari Weibo was
injured in a 2004 bombing I mean that is
yes I mean nothing in this house I'm we
are optimistic that the government is
going to act on the support and
compensation for victims we've been
fighting for this for a long time after
the church bombings in Surabaya
president Joko Widodo proposed a rule in
lieu of law if Parliament failed to pass
the new legislation but it seems suicide
attacks have pushed members of
to act Scott Heidler al-jazeera Jakarta
