for children to feed and a sick mother
to care for but there's no food and no
medicine and there's little hope left
for yalla in her home village of khandaq
here I go along go we don't have enough
food here not even enough basic items to
get by everyday not enough clinics my
nephew passed away because of hunger
yellow is one of about 20,000 people in
Kandak who have actually officially
registered for help but is still waiting
8 organizations say the food security
situation in the area is catastrophic
and hundreds of people are at risk of
dying from starvation and this is just
one community 5 years of civil war has
left 6.3 million people more than half
of South Sudan's 12 million population
relying on relief supplies it's not only
the people here in contacts that are in
need of aid for survival continuous
fighting between government and
opposition forces have displaced to
thousands to the area that was already
vulnerable as they seek safety as well
as humanitarian aid Yangon loi fled her
home village with her children but
arrived in contact too late to register
for aid I collect the little food that
pours out of torn sacks of aid if not
for that aid I won't be able to feed
myself and my four children delivery aid
is not easy the country lacks proper
roads air drops of food and other
supplies and sometimes be the only way
to reach those in need and the number of
people desperately requiring help is
expected to reach seven million soon
with the rainy season approaching
getting relief supplies to many areas
comes with additional challenges right
now my colleagues and my teams are
struggling and battling to
pre-positioned one hundred and forty
thousand metric tons of food in in
various I think in in 50 different
warehouses around the country conflict
obviously also and security issues is
also obviously hindering our access so
even if there are roads even if
we have access to River but if there's
conflict we can't we can't take the risk
to go yell I'm says she's afraid she may
lose her children or mother to hunger a
fear shared by hundreds of others here
as the fighting continues and the need
for aid continues to rise
people Morgan aljazeera tandoc South
Sudan
