in response to 12 demands the US has
made for any new agreement Iran's
supreme leader said America cannot be
trusted and issued demands of his own to
European countries conditions to keep
Iran in the existing nuclear deal the
first demand
don't let the u.s. get away with
violating international law on bananas
get America violated the resolution 2 2
3 1 the United Nations Security Council
members should come up with a new
resolution against them
naming America as a violator of
resolution 2 2 3 1
Ayatollah Ali Khamenei said Germany
France and Britain should not call for
new negotiations on Iran's ballistic
missile program they should stand up to
the threat of US sanctions as well as
protect Iran's ability to sell oil or
buy the oil the u.s. won't and he wants
to ensure European banks continue
trading with Iran it's his clearest
message yet about keeping the 2015
nuclear agreement intact since Donald
Trump pulled out earlier this month and
though Iran has no desire for a
confrontation with European countries
Khamenei said when the rubber meets the
road he does not trust them not to side
with their longtime ally the United
States well never is the promise we
should tie our economic issues to
something that is out of our control and
something that is being decided outside
the country when we tie the issue of
economy and business to the nuclear deal
the result is that businessmen and
investors have to wait for months to see
what foreigners will decide they have to
wait for months to see if they will stay
in the deal or pull out if they will
sign or not and when they sign will they
stick to their signature or not the
active economic system of the country
has to wait to see how foreigners will
behave the Supreme Leader also said that
if Europe delays complying with his
demands Iran will consider the nuclear
deal useless if Europeans linger in
response to these demands we reserve the
right to resume the halt and nuclear
activities anti-americanism
is an essential
part of iranian politics since the
revolution 40 years ago but this speech
was different
iranian leaders are tired of the ongoing
political drama over a deal they
considered done Khamenei's language was
more defiant and less diplomatic during
his speech Khamenei brought up the
well-known cartoon cat & Mouse duo Tom
and Jerry comparing America to the cat
Tom desperately trying to catch Jerry
and failing every time meanwhile Jerry
in this case Iran continues to move
forward unscathed
zanoits ravi aljazeera tehran
