Queensland was once home to over 1
million koalas but with a relentless
pace of human expansion their numbers
have dropped by almost 80 percent since
1990s while the human population is
still growing in a thousand people per
week and that number is only set to grow
putting further pressures on surrounding
wildlife without immediate intervention
koalas would face extinction but a group
of local residents and experts are
trying to reverse this trend the lush
land that hugs Australia's East Coast is
one of the most desirable places for
human settlement but it's also a prime
koala habitat as a result increasing
numbers of these marsupials are being
forced to live within the city john
hanger is a wildlife vet and founding
member of the koala research network he
brought me to this an area that i would
have thought you couldn't possibly have
koalas because it's so busy why why this
area this park really illustrates I
guess in a really good way how the
threats that urban koalas are facing
they get killed on the roads because
often they cross at night when they're
difficult to see and drivers just don't
see them so they'll often get killed on
this road and track this road is really
a hot spot for koala deaths in the area
certainly when they get on the rail
lines with a busy rail line then you've
got trains running every color
so exposed to really souvenir mean
injury and death obviously and so
there's really a whole range of threats
that they're exposed to in this sort of
environment
local experts like John are committed to
protecting the koala before it's too
late
but with their population scattered
throughout the city the first step to
saving them is monitoring them John and
his team have been intensely studying a
population in the Moreton Bay region of
Brisbane today they're tracking by radio
signal a pre tagged koala named Sonny
so the guys are hitting up the tree now
would it be quiet
to catch a capture koala so they can
then check it out for the health check
and later on don't like that
okay this food for the cool just like
this but on top of his head
we know him quite well Sunny's a really
nice little lad so he's pretty calm now
sunny will head off to the vet where he
will be screened for diseases koalas are
currently listed as under threat if
nothing is done they could be extinct in
less than 50 years the seriousness of
the situation isn't lost on some local
residents who are trying to tackle
habitat erosion what are you guys doing
here today I was just making sure this
little steak had a marker in so we know
into water okay panting koala food trees
here okay being yes there are 200
species of Kauai of eucalypts in
Queensland but koalas eat only 22 so we
have to be very specific about what we
plant and why how important is this work
for the koala survival incredibly
important because this area will never
be cleared for any sort of development
so we're surrounded even though you
can't see it with high density urban
development so if we can increase the
carrying capacity of this site for
koalas it will encourage them to move
into here which is much safer for them
there's just one koala can eat upwards
of 500 leaves per day moving from tree
to tree so they browse basically all day
because eucalypts a fairly nutrient poor
energy-wise right all right so how many
more trees if we got to do Oh few thin
another three or four over there
planting trees provides one solution for
protecting the Koala
but as urbanization continues roads and
railway lines will inevitably expand
putting these animals in
'we currently up to 300 koalas are
killed by vehicles here each year but
I'm meeting up with vet John again who
wants me to see an intervention which is
making a difference at a railway line
it's essentially a water drainage
culvert but there are a few additions
there's a post and rail to help the
wildlife get off the ground how do they
know to use these comments well I guess
initially they don't know Juliet they
they're familiar with the habitat as it
was and when we put these impacts in and
change the landscape they have to learn
to use it but the essential features
really are that we we put a koala proof
fence along the rail corridor and that
ensures that they don't go onto the rail
corridor and get killed and if they do
work their way along the fence
ultimately they'll end up finding one or
more of these culverts and so with a bit
of exploration now um they'll often go
through to get an idea of how effective
they are John and the team have put up
motion-sensitive cameras and this this
shall range of of wildlife using the
culverts including the koalas yeah so
here's a koala going into a group of
Talbot's
who explored a culvert but didn't go
through it and then we've got a group of
kangaroos using it opossum another koala
at a different culvert and then coming
out the other side it's one of our
koalas
helping koalas navigate the urban jungle
is essential to boosting their numbers
but the most significant factor in
ensuring their survival is disease
prevention I'm back at the clinic where
sunny the captured koala is ready for
his checkup vet ami Robbins is about to
give Sonny a sedative this is just to
settle in so you can get his injection
yeah just while I'm into a false sense
of security
ticking something's about to happen but
you don't know it yet what a brave
little boy
checking teeth yet and the color of his
gums and making sure he's got good
refill time which is a sense of how good
blood pressure is I have a look at the
bladder so this is obviously a big
important thing for chlamydia so you it
causes cystitis so that causes
inflammation of the bladder wall I guess
chlamydia has reached epidemic
proportions amongst koalas in Australia
with over half the population infected
if left untreated it can cause
infertility blindness and death
generally his bladders looking pretty
healthy there Sonny is in the clear
tell me about the significance of you
know when you're testing for chlamydia
and the most milk project
disease has been showing that if you can
control that one factor then you can
actually turn around decline populations
mm-hmm so by going in there and doing
the treatment and the vaccination
against chlamydia or eventually kind of
turn that population around and
trajectory for grabs now you know it's
phenomenal we've never had such a big
significant project in girls before so
it's really valuable scientifically so
now we kind of roll in my bottle and I'm
he's waking up
yeah
before letting the Koala recuperate
Amy fits another tracker collar it's now
time for Sonny to be released at John's
study site they've had some amazing
results
the fact I guess that we can not only
make the individuals healthy but the
populations on a growth trajectory now
so it was on quite a steep downward
decline towards extinction and so now
we're getting around about 20 percent
growth per annum which is just an
astounding turnaround so they gotta find
that way
okay
you
