heavy weapons have been removed from a
planned Demilitarized Zone in adlibs
Turkey state media say the Syrian
opposition and what it called
anti-regime armed groups complied with
an October 10 deadline it was the first
major test of a deal with Russia to
avoid a Syrian government offensive a 20
kilometer zone will surround the rebel
controlled province that borders Turkey
which is overseeing its creation so far
there is no opposition particularly from
hi-tech deli - M which controls most of
the province the armed group is
considered a terrorist organization by
the international community
it hasn't commented on the reported
withdrawal and it has yet to announce
its position concerning the agreement
but it has been quietly complying it is
also required to withdraw its fighters
many of them foreigners by October 15
experts who have been watching hi at the
Irish M or HT SS evolvement over the
years say it is part of its policy of
pragmatism which began when it tried to
rebrand itself by publicly disengaging
from al Qaeda
I mean HT SS sees that it has no way out
so no way out either it will go suicidal
and keep much of its fighters who are
committed to the ideology or be
pragmatic keep its positions trying to
negotiate a deal with the Turkish
authorities the Turkish government has
been trying to convince HTS to disband
and join the mainstream Syrian
opposition the most powerful alliance in
it Lib is divided Shan has two wings a
conservative one that calls Turkey an
enemy that serving the regime and Russia
the other is led by abu mohammed el
Jelani he wants a diplomatic solution
turkey used diplomacy and threatened
force and it was ready to mobilize its
syrian allies against those who oppose
the deal the deal is being implemented
but statements by Syrian government
officials including President Bashar
al-assad are raising concern us
said the deal is temporary and adlib
will ultimately returned to state
control but many believe it will be
outside players particularly Russia and
Turkey who will decide the future of
Syria's north a new frontline has now
been created between opposition fighters
and Syrian government troops it's
expected to remain quiet but the deal
doesn't decide the fate of Idlib
province as a whole and it doesn't and
the war said AHA dar al jazeera Beirut
