Donald Trump is not the first American
president to call Iran the biggest state
sponsor of terrorism in the world and
he's also not the first American leader
Iranians will have accused of the same
thing current American officials they
have an aggressive personality it's very
wild and aggressive and even American
people are afraid of that no in my
opinion Iran is not a supporter of
terrorism in fact it's against terrorism
and Iran doesn't support any terrorists
Iran is one of the most sanctioned
countries in the world and if the White
House has its way it could get worse
people of all ages are frustrated at
being isolated from the global
marketplace with which they wish to
engage but that is not all they're
worried about Iranians have real
security concerns and are worried that
the trading of insults between
Washington and Tehran will turn into the
trading of blows the Association for
defending victims of terrorism is a
Tehran based support group for survivors
and the families of victims of attacks
carried out on Iranian soil men and
women in this room help each other to
cope with the loss of loved ones but
they also want to raise awareness about
the fact that Iran's death toll from
acts of terror numbers in the thousands
over the years there have been shootings
bombings and even a suicide attack by
armed gunmen on Iran's Parliament the
government blames separatist groups
backed by its enemies including the
United States Iran also blames Israel
for a series of targeted killings of
nuclear scientists between 2010 and 2012
the chance to share their experiences
with a sympathetic Western ear is a rare
opportunity Tommy sands is a musician
from Northern Ireland visiting Iran for
the first time he said he hopes creating
dialogue will help Iran in the West
overcome differences people who suffer
are in pain our brothers and sisters
everywhere there there's a connection
immediately the word terrorism is one
which we hear a lot about we heard that
in in the Western media we hear that
Iran supports terrorism all over Middle
East you know these are victims of
terror against Iran which support the
doctor is supported by the West so it's
a very different view than normally
presented to us here today it's very
special it's very special
you will always kneel
as men and women share stories of loss
sans offer some hope in the best way he
knows how
in a small Terran office the sound of
music muffling the unrelenting beating
of war drums at least for a little while
Zayn Basra via al Jazeera Darren
