medical staff from the charity Doctors
Without Borders are taking no chances
they're caring for a patient suffering
from the Ebola virus so full protective
suits are mandatory in another area of
the hospital medics are checking people
for signs of Ebola as they arrive for
work to help battle the latest outbreak
there's no known cure for Ebola which
causes organ failure sufferers often
bleed to death
we have to keep protecting ourselves
every person coming in and out has to
wash their hands as a measure of
protection every person who goes into
the treatment center must have
protective clothing and also as we know
vaccinations are essential in protecting
ourselves the latest outbreak was first
reported two weeks ago in the
northwestern town of Becker oh it's
since spread a hundred and fifty
kilometers to the regional capital in
Bonn Dhaka home to more than a million
Congolese the city's a major transport
hub on the Congo River and there are
concerns the virus could spread quickly
if we do not handle communication well
the vaccine vaccination program may
suffer so we are also in the next two
weeks or so assessing how to a deploy
anthropologist the World Health
Organization is using an experimental
vaccine to try to contain the disease as
well as a publicity campaign encouraging
everyone to wash their hands and limit
physical contact we have to wait and not
touch people for saying hello we should
not shake hands and we should not stand
close to people we also have to wash our
hands before we enter the classroom and
before eating the last Ebola outbreak
four years ago killed at least 11,000
people in several countries in West
Africa this time doctors in the DRC are
better prepared to contain the virus
Victoria Gaytan B al Jazeera
