Eliot Brody is a big-time fundraiser for
Republicans including the president
Jorge nadir was close to the crown
princes from Saudi Arabia and the United
Arab Emirates The Associated Press says
the two men developed a partnership the
news service gained access to emails
between the two they show Brody charged
Nader 2.5 million dollars he brags that
he used his influence to benefit Saudi
Arabia and the UAE and then according to
the Associated Press he expected the two
countries to sign defense deals with him
possibly for as much as a billion
dollars the email show Brody worked
behind the scenes to host this anti
Qatar conference published op eds and
stories to do the same and he bragged he
was able to get a bill introduced to
sanction Qatar and a bill requiring the
Defense Department to study moving the
American air base in Qatar possibly to
Saudi or the UAE Brody boasted that he
was friends with the Treasury secretary
writing quote I can help in educating
secretary minuchin on the importance of
the Treasury Department putting many
Qatari individuals and organizations on
the applicable sanctions list according
to the emails Nader helped prep Brody
for an upcoming meeting with the US
president who he called a priceless
asset he also urged Brody to make sure
Trump stayed out of the blockade of
Qatar writing if POTUS somehow can't be
supportive fully on their side they
prefer he let them handle it their way
in due process Brody wrote back with his
notes of the meeting with the president
saying he described Qatar to him as a
television station with a country Qatar
finances al Jazeera and one of the
demands of the blockading countries is
its closing Brody is suing Qatar
accusing it of hacking his emails a
charge they deny but the emails pose
potential problems for both men who
didn't register as lobbyists / foreign
government Elliott Brody the financier
and Republican Party figure who was
involved is not registered as a foreign
agent and he appears to have been in
line to get a billion dollars from the
United Arab Emirates and Saudi Arabia
for various lobbying activities
including the plot against Qatar that I
think could have
legal repercussions Nader was taken into
custody and is now cooperating with
special counsel robert muller meaning
this likely won't be the last time we
hear about what these two were doing for
who or for how much Pat Eagle Haines al
Jazeera Washington
