it is the fasting month of Ramadan but
the minarets are silent it was exactly a
year ago when the war in morale we began
an armed group inspired by ISIL called
the mount a to control of the city and
raised its black flag over several
government buildings the fighting that
followed between the Philippine military
and the mountain killed at least a
thousand people and displaced hundreds
of thousands more like the asylum ending
he says people here have been appealing
to the government to be more inclusive
in its reconstruction plans we've been
persistent and telling the government
that there is no substitute in getting
the individual content of every
household in Managua City we should be
allowed to rebuild our homes alongside
with the rebuilding of public
infrastructure the whole region of
Mindanao is under martial law until the
end of this year president Rodrigo de
terras government promises to complete
reconstruction by 2022 but the rights
groups say it needs to be more
transparent I plan to build a military
camp right in the heart of meroe
is making many people and we here the
Philippine government has also
reportedly awarded most of the contracts
to Chinese companies we need to listen
to the people we need to hear them out
and allow them to - to control their
narrative to control their story the
lines that once separated rebels and
state forces are now hard to distinguish
members of the Maui group looted burnt
business establishments and destroyed
homes but it is clear air strikes from
government forces destroyed much of the
city the country's only city under
Islamic law is now largely empty but the
smell of death remains
even after having covered this conflict
for many months the devastation here is
still overwhelming
now merawi is under government hands but
at what price
Murali was once a thriving cultural city
now it's been reduced to this a place
hunted by violence and death this is
what's left of one of the mosques in
Malawi worshipers here tell us its
destruction hurts them like a bullet
wound there is growing discontent and
anger among communities here they fear
the war is not quite over Jamel Allen
dog and al-jazeera Marawi cities
southern Philippines
