the US woman's of the strongest
sanctions in history and makes 12
sweeping demands of Iran tear down
dismisses the threats from the new
Secretary of State but what if it
doesn't comply and is the u.s. seeking
regime change in Iran this is inside
story
hello and welcome to the program I'm
Elizabeth parada
iran's been given a list of 12 demands
by the united states and warned that if
it doesn't comply it will face the
strongest sanctions in history the new
Secretary of State Mike Pompeo also
threatened that America was ready to
respond if Iran resumed its nuclear
activities but declined to elaborate or
tensions between the two countries grew
considerably when President Donald Trump
pulled the u.s. out of the 2015 Iran
nuclear deal but Pompeo his hardline
stance goes far beyond the nuclear issue
first Iran must declare to the IAEA full
account of the prior military dimensions
of its nuclear program and permanently
and verifiably abandoned such work in
perpetuity second Iran must stop in
Richmond and never pursue plutonium
reprocessing this includes closing its
heavy water reactor third Iran must also
provide the IAEA with unqualified access
to all sites throughout the entire
country Iran must end its proliferation
of ballistic missiles and halt further
launching or development of nuclear
capable missile systems Iran must
release all US citizens as well as
citizens of our partners and allies each
of them detained on spurious charges
Iran must send support to Middle East
terrorist groups including Lebanese
Hezbollah Hamas and the Palestinian
Palestinian Islamic Jihad Iran must
respect the sovereignty of the Iraqi
government and permit the disarming
demobilization and reintegration of Shia
militias Iran must also end its military
support for the Houthi militia and work
towards a peaceful political settlement
in Yemen Iran must withdraw all forces
under Iranian command throughout the
entirety of Syria Iran too must send
support for the Taliban and other
terrorists in Afghanistan and the region
and cease harboring senior al Qaeda
leaders Iran too must end the IRG could
forces support for terrorists and
militant partners
around the world and to Iran must end
its threatening behavior against its
neighbors many of whom are US allies the
certainly includes its threats to
destroy Israel and it's firing their
missiles into Saudi Arabia and the
United Arab Emirates it also includes
threats to international shipping and
destructive and destructive cyber
attacks well Ryan president Hassan
rouhani immediately rejected the demands
here's what he had to say about Pompeo a
former head of the CIA a guy who's been
active in an espionage center in the US
and has now become the Secretary of
State makes strange remarks he wants us
to make a decision for Iran and says
Iran should do this or do that this is
funny and ridiculous who are you to
decide about Iran who are you to decide
about the world on peyot has returned to
making strange statements he says you
should have light water and not heavy
water
you shouldn't have enrichment and you
should have other stuff come on that was
the past well let's bring in our guest
now joining us from Washington is
Michelle dumb a senior associate at
Carnegie Endowment for international
peace in Paden Mohammad morandi head of
the American Studies post-grad program
at the University of Tehran and also in
Washington our Naevia's director of the
Iran project at the International Crisis
Group a very warm welcome to all of you
mr. morandi Mike Pompeo has said that
these are very basic requirements that
aren't unreasonable or President rouhani
has called them funny and ridiculous how
likely do you think it is that Iran will
meet any of these demands there's zero
chance I think the whole speech was
designed in a way to make sure that the
Iranians would give a firm no and no
country would even a very much smaller
and weaker country would not give in to
any such demands it's basically what the
United States is doing is trying to drag
us and back into the 19th century where
they had more direct rule over countries
than the sort of indirect rule that they
have over much of the world
unfortunately in our part of the world
at least Iran is an independent country
it will it has fought for its
independence for the last four decades
that was what the Revolution was all
about and the United States has failed
to reconcile itself with this fact Iran
has many grievances Iran has many more
grievances than the United States the
United States supported Saddam Hussein
gave him chemical weapons they supported
the Shah they overthrew the Iranian
national government they've been
imposing sanctions for decades they've
downed an Iranian airliner killing
almost 300 innocent civilians and today
they've supported extremists in Syria
they're helping the Saudis destroy and
demolish Yemen and they are supporting
the Saudis even though the Saudis are
trying to strangle Khattab this is the
state of affairs as Iran sees it and
Iran sees that the United States is the
problem in this region
Michell down if there was no chance that
Iran was going to give in to any of
these demands why would the US make them
do you think what are the real motives
behind this I think what we've seen from
president Trump's since you've been in
office is a certain approach to foreign
policy that is in some ways quite
different from his predecessor President
Trump is intent on keeping his campaign
promises and this was one of them he he
very much promised to undo or pull the
United States out of what he viewed as a
bad deal with Iran on its nuclear
program Trump wants to differentiate
himself from preview former President
Obama he wants to show that that he
Trump is tough and that he can get
things done and frankly he's also a bit
heedless of the consequences he doesn't
believe that you know many of the
consequences that people say would ensue
for example from pulling out of an
agreement like this really will happen
so we will see this is quite a strong a
kind of maximalist list of demands from
Iran I have to say from my point of view
they are desirable things I mean in
particular regarding Iran's role in the
region the very bad role it has played
in Syria and the terrible
suffering that has brought about for the
Syrian people as well as other things
but I I would say I don't think this
list was made with a belief that Iran
will just meet all of those things I
think it was meant to be a way of
putting all the grievances on the table
at once and making clear that US
concerns about Iran are about its
nuclear program but go well beyond that
and and really relate to the role it is
playing in the region
mr. Vaz what do you think of the
implications whatever the motives are
for making these demands what
implications is it going to have now now
that's there on the table look these
were basically terms of surrender
imagine if Iran had done the same thing
if Iran had exited the nuclear deal then
had demanded that the US would leave the
region would stop supporting Israel and
Saudi Arabia were selling armed
countries in the GCC it's it's really
impossible to imagine that Iran would
ever agree to these I mean if the
administration truly believes that this
is a possibility that should probably
also believe in unicorns the reality is
I think this was an indirect way for the
Trump administration to say that it's
seeking regime change in Iraq and you
saw all the references that Secretary of
State Pompeo made to the Iranian people
and and and it's also quite ironic
because these are the same people that
the US will now put under tremendous
economic pressure as a result of
snapping back at sanctions it will
endanger their safety by depriving them
from being able to purchase civilian
airplanes and it has barred them from
entering the United States but
nevertheless I think the message that
secretary of Pompeo was trying to put
across was that there would be no deal
with this regime because all the changes
that he's asking for are just simply
impossible to me mr. Moran do what
impact do you think the strategy will
have on Iranian people will more
economic pain for Iranians you know lead
them to turn on
their leaders or could the US plan
backfire and actually unite Errani ins
further against the US I think that
already it has United Iranian society in
a way in which I haven't seen in in many
many years
Trump is universally despised and the
demands that are being made by Trump
from the Iranian perspective are
ridiculous Iran's missile defense
capability is exactly what has protected
Iran from American attacks over the past
couple of decades every time the US
president says all options are on the
table means that the Iranians should be
prepared
or for example pulling out of Syria
contrary to what your guest said the
u.s. defense intelligence agency
documented 2012 admit points out that
the extremists were the dominant groups
from early on in Syria and that the
United and that US allies in the region
or client regimes in the region were the
forces behind these extremist groups
that wanted to create a Salafist entity
between Syria and Iraq when later that
turned out to be Isis or when Kerry
admitted in a leaked audio tape that the
United States allowed Isis advanced on
Damascus Iran wasn't going to allow
black flags to fly over Damascus and it
wasn't going to allow them to fly over
about dud so the Iranians believe that
the United States what hit has done is
that it has destroyed Syria it has
destroyed Iraq it has destroyed Libya it
has destroyed Lebanon Yemen and it has
allowed Saudi Arabia to kidnap prime
ministers and and strangle countries
like Qatar so the Iranians know that if
they back down that the United States
will only be more demanding the United
States as things stand we have signed in
a nuclear agreement we made many
concessions many in Iran thought it was
a bad deal but despite all that when the
government decided to join to sign up to
the agreement every one of those who
opposed and supported the agreement they
all agreed that we must abide by our
commitments when the United States
doesn't abide by its commitments then
there's nothing else to negotiate
because in future they'll simply do the
same thing all over again and Michele
Dunne do you think regime change is what
the US wants in a
that it doesn't actually want to
negotiate with this regime because there
are those who think that President Trump
and Mike Pompeo want to you know cripple
Iran economically so that they can bring
the government back to the negotiating
table
to get more of what they want out of
Iran but there are others who think that
while there might be what President
Trump and the new Secretary of State
might be interested in there was a news
that a national security advisor John
Bolton who wants something different
which his regime change well let me get
to that point just a moment Elizabeth I
do want to say that I disagree very much
with what mr. Miranda said about Syria I
it was never a US strategy to create I
believe it he said a celle fost entity
in Syria
that was never the case and it is a you
know and and really I have to say I
think Iran and you know Iran did not go
there to prevent a Sunni extremists in
Syria went there to support the Syrian
regime it's a lie and Iran has been
party to and Russia has been party to
the death of you know half a million
Syrians and and the millions made
refugees and so forth real devastation
of Syria but apart from that back to
your question about regime change I have
to say I do agree with with with what
mr. Vyas said that the tone of this
speech really does point to the the
desire you know on the part of the US
administration to see change inside Iran
but coming from Iranians now the
prospects of that I have to say I think
are not strong although we are seeing a
lot of demonstrations economically based
demonstrations and dissatisfaction with
the regime in Iran on the part of its
citizens whether this speech or this
approach from the United States would
would somehow encourage that I have to
say I'm not very convinced of that
my guess is that what the administration
has in mind is is ratcheting up the
pressure on Iran and it's really aimed
now at Iran's role in the region Syria
Lebanon Yemen etc and and and I think
they would be they would certainly be
still amenable I mean they're they never
said at this point that they wouldn't
make any kind of deal with the current
Iranian regime and we see they are
willing to make deals with odious
regimes such as North Korea but I think
you know that that's probably a longshot
possibility I agree this is a very
maximal set of demands and it's it's
almost unthinkable that Iran will meet
them so I think the idea more is to you
know is to signal you know and to put
put Iran on the outside again you know
the Obama administration had hoped after
the the jcpoa to have a better
relationship with the Iranian regime had
really hoped for a warming of relations
between Iran and the United States that
did not happen even though there was
about a year and a half after after the
deal was reached before Obama left
office the door was open but for its own
reasons the leadership in Iran didn't
didn't choose to go there so that that
more optimistic hope on the part of the
Obama administration never came through
and now we see the Trump administration
adopting a much more pessimistic in a
way approach to Iran mr. Vyas and who
benefits apart who benefits in the
region from this pessimistic approach to
Iran you know how much of the u.s.
motives here are being driven by their
regional allies in the region like
Israel like Saudi Arabia well I think
Israel and Saudi Arabia and the UAE in
the short term are the main
beneficiaries of the current situation
but I think it's short-sighted because I
agree with Michele that
idea here from the administration is
that if you put Iran under tremendous
economic pressure given the impression
in Washington that the system in Iran is
quite fragile and vulnerable whether
that's a realistic assessment or not
it's another question but I think the
protests that happened in Iran earlier
this year and the freefall of the
currency in Iran has given the
impression in Washington that the system
in Iran is vulnerable so they believe
that if they could Iran under economic
pressure by definition the system will
have to focus on its internal dynamics
and therefore it would have less to do
in the region and to invest in the
region I think this is a misguided
calculation because if you look at the
height of the sanctions regime in 2011
and 2012 a sanctions regime that was
built on years of diplomacy and at the
time that Iran was completely isolated
and seen by the international community
as the inflexible party at fault
Iran was in parallel to that expanding
its role in the region that's when Iran
started sending troops to Syria and Iraq
and therefore you come to the conclusion
that Iran's role in the region is not a
function of the amount of money it has
its and its bank accounts it's a
function of the threat perception that
it has about the regional dynamics and
also opportunities it sees for expanding
its influence in the region now this in
2018 or 2019 without having the buy-in
from US allies like the Europeans or
Russia and China it's really hard to
imagine that the US would be able to
restore maximum pressure on Iran in a
way that it would either destabilize the
system or to push it to behave in a more
moderate way in the region mr. morandi
what do you make of that well a number
of things quickly one is that going back
to what I was saying about Syria it what
I said is absolutely correct in fact I
would advise her
guess to watch al-jazeera interview of
the former head of the Defense
Intelligence Agency
from the famous general Flynn when he
said admitted that the United States
took a willful decision to support these
groups and no one in the United States
denied this afterwards this was made a
few years ago and you can find it on the
website in addition to that we have the
admission through the WikiLeaks
documents that the United States knew
that Saudi Arabia was supporting Isis in
2014 we have Biden's speech at Harvard
where he admitted that US allies were
all supporting the most atrocious groups
and of course the United States did
nothing about it
so the u.s. role in Syria was quite
horrific and of course right now is
occupying the country illegally it has
destroyed cities like Raqqa and I can go
on and you know what about roles in
Syria which Michelle Dunn was speaking
about supporting a regime which has
killed hundreds of thousands of people
is it going to be able to continue its
involvement in a war that costs it so
much money when it's going to come under
even more crippling sanctions by the US
well I would put it this way in in what
happened in Syria people were killed
from all sides hundreds of thousands of
people were killed by the militants the
extremists that the United States
innocent and its regional allies
supported but you wouldn't admit that
United States was the most number of
people being killed by the regime its
allies mr. Miranda I will have we've
only got a funeral program and we do
need to focus on Iran and its role in
the region well in any case the point
that I was making is that Iran the
reason why Iran what went to Syria in
2015 by the way is when Iranian troops
went in large numbers was after tens of
thousands of foreign fighters were
already facilitated to go to Syria by
Western powers and with the support of
the CIA but in any case what the
difference between now and a few years
ago when the United States impose
crippling sanctions that as Obama liked
to call
and the u.s. regime was basically
violating human rights by killing many
Iranians through preventing medicine
from coming into the country during the
Obama period but today is very different
first of all the United States as your
previous guests rightly pointed out has
isolated itself it cannot the consensus
building or the alliances that Obama
tried to build or the coalition that
Obama built I think Trump is uncapable
of doing so for a host of different
reasons both at home and abroad and also
Iran's regional standing is very
different Iran under Obama unfortunately
the United States never fulfilled the
jcpoa the nuclear agreement and
therefore and violated it repeatedly as
Trump did as well so Iran since it has
always been under sanctions it's now
used to dealing with sanctions so it's
going to be much more difficult for the
United States and also countries like
Russia and China because they are both
under US pressure the Chinese the the
trade war that everyone's talking about
and Russia the sanctions that the United
States has imposed upon it has caused
these two countries to move closer to
Iran and now Iran will move closer to
them and they know that the United
States succeeds in financial warfare
against Iran which is similar to
military warfare it's brutal and
barbaric they know that there'll be next
Michell down what do you make of that
well I would say that look I agree with
what Ali said that you know part of the
weakness of the strategy that Secretary
of State Pompeo put forward is the
economic part right would would there
with the United States really be able to
impose tougher sanctions on Iran now the
toughest ever you know the Trump
administration is fond of those you know
of those that kind of hyperbole it seems
unlikely because there's less solidarity
in the international community and there
are many complicated things about
sanctions that require a certain amount
of voluntary compliance okay I also
agree with what Ali said about you know
that I don't think Iran's behavior in
the Reid
Jhin in syria and other places we've
been arguing about is directly related
to having more money as a result of
sanctions relief so all of that I agree
with I want to point out one thing
though justly though I miss Dunn because
I don't have very long and then would
you like to get to a Levi's again but
please do finish your point okay we do
have a very dangerous regional situation
with Israel and Iran now engaging each
other more directly on the you know on
the ground of Syria at this point but it
could become a more direct engagement
than that and we're getting we're
getting into the the possibility of a
broader regional and hunt and I would
like the house and I would like mr. Vaz
to have the last word on that is that
where we're headed
absolutely tensions in the region are
rising and there's a lot of friction
between Iran and the US and their
respective allies and a single
miscalculation where there's no
diplomacy can obviously result in a
clash that could spiral out of control
but make me let me make this last point
that I think the question that the
administration has failed to answer is
whether killing the nuclear deal has
actually helped it in any way to address
the other broader aspects of Iran's
policies that it has a problem with you
know the the situation we're in now is
that Iran and the European Union are
trying to figure out a way to weaken US
sanctions which is a very different
situation than 2012 when the year the
European Union and the US were trying to
put pressure subject of this session in
Brussels is not Iran's region our policy
is Iran's nuclear program once again I'm
afraid that we're run out of time but
thank you to all of our guests Michelle
Donna in Washington DC Mohammad Miranda
impaired on and our Levi's in Washington
DC and thank you too for watching you
can see the program again any time by
visiting our web site aljazeera.com and
for further discussion do go to our
Facebook page that's facebook.com/ /aj
inside story you can also join the
conversation on twitter our handle is at
aj inside story
the Piranha the whole team here bye for
now
you
