in response to the new US Secretary of
State Mike Pompeo
threatening policy speech the Iranian
president said independent countries of
the world will no longer blindly follow
America's decisions Hassan rouhani also
tried to rally Iran supporters and
allies saying it was time to help each
other
counterbalance a US government that is
returning to the days of president
george w bush
Chikara who are you to decide about
arise who are you to decide about the
world
Pompeyo has returned to making strange
statements he says you should have light
water and not heavy water
you shouldn't have enrichment and you
should have other stuffs come on that
was the past it's over now rouhani also
took a swing at pompey's career in the
CIA saying modern-day international
diplomacy is no place for a former spy a
guy who's been active in an espionage
center in the US
and has now become the Secretary of
State makes strange remarks he wants us
to make a decision for Iran and says
Iran should do this or do that this is
funny and ridiculous the 12 demands in
Mike Pompeo speech read more like points
of surrender than a way to restart
diplomatic talks the Iranians are
worried this could be an effort to lay
groundwork for war similar to false
allegations of weapons of mass
destruction made against Iraq before the
US invasion in 2003 one of the issues
that the Americans want to make is that
they want to make even a military threat
believable for Iran and while it may be
too early to make predictions about
direct conflict between the United
States and Iran the government in Tehran
is concerned that attempts to create
instability inside the country this
pompei is yet that a hardline radical
and anti Iran Pompeo which leaves in
regime change there are some in
Washington who have made no secret of
their desire to overthrow Iran's
theocratic system of government
and while a war with the United States
seems unimaginable to Iranians many say
they are already living through an
economic war much of Pompeo speech was
spent trying to convince the Iranian
people of how bad their government is
but assuming that speech making and
economic pressure from Washington will
create meaningful and stability for the
government in Tehran maybe a fundamental
misunderstanding of the ground reality
Iranians have been at the sharp end of
American sanctions before and faced with
foreign influence the majority of
Iranians living in Iran are likely to
rally in support of their own government
as flawed as it may be zangoose ravi al
jazeera Tehran
