the protesters had camped out overnight
on the grounds of a university with a
history of political activism on the
fourth anniversary of the coup they came
out to call on the military to leave and
hold elections this year I want to cast
a vote but the government won't allow us
they delay it again and again there are
many problems the economy the country
has been governed badly corruption is
still the same and people are facing
more difficulties when they gathered on
the street outside the campus they were
met by a large police presence the
protest was small but significant given
the government's tough stance against
dissent or criticism since the coup
after four years of military rule it
appears that the patience of some is
running out the leaders of this movement
had already been charged with sedition
following a protest earlier in the year
for this rally they were charged with
violating the ban on political
activities several were eventually
arrested the government says an election
will be held in February next year given
the delays many of these people will
only believe it when it happens
after another peaceful protest was shut
down the military seems in no mood to
relax its grip on power Wayne hey al
Jazeera Bangkok
