Donald Trump's u.s. presidential victory
stunned the world eighteen months later
it still stings Democrats we must not
allow Donald Trump or anyone else to
divide us up in Washington this week
former Democratic presidential candidate
Bernie Sanders joined a cadre of
potential 2020 presidential hopefuls at
the Center for American Progress ideas
conference in Washington since the 2016
election the Democratic Party has been
under fire for backing moderate Hillary
Clinton who proved to be deeply
unpopular with progressives and suburban
women they say to win back the White
House Democrats must nominate a
candidate who has bold ideas and isn't
simply an alternative to trump a lot of
the ideas we're talking about today are
ones that are important around the
country ensuring with democracy
supporting democracy ensuring that our
policies would really work for
working-class people
New York senator Kirsten Gillibrand a
potential 2020 presidential candidate
focused on economic equality for women
with the lack of a national paid family
leave program the exorbitant cost of
child care and the gender pay gap the
majority of working mothers in this
country cannot achieve their full
economic potential Sanders pushed for
higher wages right now in America over
40 million of our people are officially
living in poverty many progressives say
Bernie Sanders could have easily beaten
Trump in 2016 on a platform that
included universal health care and free
college tuition Sanders hasn't yet said
if he'll run again in 2020 and the
question is could he run on a platform
that couldn't beat Trump in two years
political science professor Laura Brown
says bold ideas alone won't help
Democrats win back the White House she
says they also need a candidate who can
unify a deeply fractured party all of
this factionalism all of these fights
all of these candidates mean that the
incumbent president gets to essentially
bring together their party behind them
bring together the money and the
organization behind them and spend you
know the 18 months that while the out
party is trying to figure it out Brown
says it could take two more presidential
elections before the Democratic Party
finds a candidate who can lead it into
the future
Diane Estabrook al Jazeera Washington
