there's never been so much media
interest in a former Malaysian Prime
Minister
but Najib Razak also has the unwelcome
distinction of being caught up in one of
the biggest corruption scandals in the
world Malaysian investigators want to
question nudging about how and why ten
and a half million dollars was deposited
into his bank account several years ago
the money is alleged to have been
transferred from a company known as SRC
international controlled by the finance
ministry when Najib was not only prime
minister but also finance minister I had
given a statement to the anti-corruption
Commission with regards to the SRC back
in 2015 my statement to them today is an
extension of that I gave more detail
supported by documents the newly
appointed chief of the anti-corruption
agency revealed how an initial
investigation into the matter three
years ago had been obstructed he said he
had faced death threats and some staff
were transferred from the case but he
was satisfied with how things were
progressing now the current
investigation is one of several levels
at Najib billions of dollars have
allegedly been siphoned from a state
investment fund known as 1mdb 700
million dollars is said to have ended up
in Najib's private bank accounts
Najib has maintained his innocence and
previous investigations by the police
and Attorney General have cleared him
but the newly elected government led by
Mahathir Mohamad has reopened the case
since coming into power less than two
weeks ago the new administration has
wasted no time in investigating
corruption allegations surrounding the
former prime minister and his associates
the new government has already set up a
committee and a task force to
investigate and recover assets and
monies wrongly taken from 1mdb
Florence lui al Jazeera Putrajaya
Malaysia
