throwing lava high into the air the
power of Kilauea volcano has rocked
Hawaii's Big Island for more than two
weeks rivers of molten rock have
destroyed homes forced thousands to
evacuate and led to the first serious
injury after one man was hit by a
spatter of lava some of a Kiwis have
lost everything we have two cats they
wouldn't leave so I say goodbye to them
and everything else now officials say
there's a new danger as lava loses into
the ocean clouds of toxic gas known as a
laze pose yet more danger people need to
be aware that it's a dangerous situation
the leis that flew that's created from
the hot lava entering the ocean sea
water and it creates hydrochloric acid
and you got the glass particles in that
balloon which creates you know which is
a breathing hazard basically officials
also say the reports of toxic sulfur
dioxide gas being vented from the
volcano have tripled residents are being
warned to stay indoors but experts say
there could be more violent eruptions
the latest flows are not risking
residents or damaging homes along the
way to the the ocean we hope that that
floats keeps as a release point to allow
the lava to enter the ocean without
damaging any further residences but we
do know that it's unpredictable there
still is a lot of pressure in the rift
zone we know that it could change at any
point in time kill aware is one of the
world's most active volcanoes it's been
on an eruption cycle that's continued
almost non-stop for 35 years scientists
say there's no way to tell how long the
latest eruption will last and the
Gallacher al Jazeera
