Britain's awash with dirty Russian cash
according to a new Parliament report
billions of dollars and corrupt assets
are apparently laundered through the
country's companies and institutions
money linked directly to the Kremlin by
allowing it to happen MP say the
government's undermining global efforts
to bring Russia into line Russia is in
many ways a kleptocracy there are many
people with astronomic levels of wealth
which they have pushed offshore whether
in the UK itself or in British overseas
territories and we need to be much more
wary about these resources and what
they're doing with them it's two months
since the attempted murder of Russian
x-pyr sergey skripnikov mint promised
tough measures against Moscow for the
alleged poisoning but activists say it's
failed to put its money where its mouth
is days after the scrip our poisoning
the Russian state energy giant Gazprom
was trading bombs in London business as
usual we are starting to talk angry to
Russia about Russia and we're starting
to say that their money is no longer
welcome here but if we just step back a
little bit and look at the reality on
the ground through our own analysis from
just the last couple of months we've
identified 4.2 billion pounds worth of
property in the UK owned through
suspicious means not all Russian but 1/5
owned by Russian Russian suspicious cash
Kremlin linked cash has also surfaced in
a host of unlikely places including this
year's Chelsea Flower Show organised by
the royal horticultural society and
opened by Queen Elizabeth one of the
events main backers is the Russian state
bank VTB set up by an oligarch currently
under US and EU sanctions questions are
also being asked about one of the UK's
richest people Chelsea Football Club
owner Roman Abramovich who failed to
attend Saturday's FA Cup final after the
Russian oligarchs visa expired the
British authorities say his application
simply taking longer than normal with no
further explanation the Foreign Affairs
came
he wants the government to close all
loopholes and become less attractive for
corrupt Russian money the Kremlin's
responded by accusing the committee of
hysterical russia phobia we've taken
greater powers for the UK to be able to
act against criminal finances the
British prime minister says she's
determined to drive out dirty money
while continuing to encourage rich
foreigners to invest with brexit looming
the last thing the government can afford
his money being moved elsewhere Nev
Barker al-jazeera London
