the bustling port of Basra province in
southern Iraq a crucial lifeline to the
country's economy every day tens of
thousands of tons of imported goods are
offloaded at these dogs more than 3
million but also of oilfield tankers
destined for the global market while
Basra pumps millions into government
coffers every day very little of that
reaches its residents
we've been totally neglected we have no
clean water no electricity no jobs we
keep wondering how if we sunk to this
level where is the government for 15
years we've been kept hearing these
promises without action we're still not
seeing any efforts to save us from this
misery in the impoverished suburbs of
Iraq second largest city a simmering
soup of garbage and rosy which is a
common sight grievances boiled over in
early July when thousands took to the
streets to protest what they say his
government neglected the protests were
triggered after thousands of people got
sick drinking contaminated water after
five months of political crisis that
finally has a new leadership moments of
the Barham Sala occurred from northen
era was elected president by Parliament
he topped Adele Adele Maddie a Shia and
former oil minister to form the next
government as prime minister the job is
huge and the future of Basra is central
to their success I believe that the
current shift in politics in Iraq
however tiny is driven by recent events
in Basra it's important for the new
leadership to understand that failing in
Basra is not an option and would mean
total failure for them to calm rising
anger and tension in Basra the outgoing
administration announced two months ago
a multi-billion dollar emergency plan to
restore facilities and vital services in
the region this time though the people
of Basra are refusing to settle for what
they call token improvements many say
that unless there is many food change in
the political system under the new
administration funds for development may
once again end up
in the pockets of corrupt officials
Mohammed Al Jazeera but that
