US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo has a
stark warning for Iran the sting of
sanctions will be painful through Jim
does not change its course from the
unacceptable and unproductive path that
is chosen to one that rejoins the League
of Nations
these will indeed end up being the
strongest sanctions in history when we
are complete he's issuing a list of 12
demands Iran he says has to stop
supporting allies in the region and
abandoned its missile program among
others activist Jamal Abdi says the u.s.
knows Iran would never agree with a
smokescreen of we want to handle this
diplomatically but I think this is all
about paving a path towards confronting
Iran militarily whether that's through
covert action or an overt escalation in
the region secretary Pompeo was less
than subtle asked about a time frame how
long is this going to go on he said
that's going to be up to the Iranian
people seeming to invite a revolution
the goal to cripple the Iranian economy
but other countries who are part of the
deal say they want to stick with it the
US says if they do they too will be
sanctioned the Trump administration
betting that no one will be willing to
stand up to the u.s. as it talks tough
to Iran
