the bowtie party rules Tyler and until a
military coup four years ago now its
members have accused of violating a ban
on political activities and they could
go to jail
the Army has promised elections next
year but what hope is there for
democracy in Thailand this is inside
story
hello and welcome to the program I'm
Elizabeth per Adam it's been four years
since the ruling poet I party was
removed from power but the crackdown on
its members continues with a number of
them now charged for breaking a ban on
political activity they streamed a news
conference live on Facebook criticizing
Thailand's military rulers and
campaigned for the army a hunter to hold
a general election after repeated
postponement the Army has promised
elections next year we'll talk to our
guests in a moment but first Wayne hey
reports from Bangkok by fighting for
wider freedoms protesters in Thailand
are risking their own political
gatherings have been banned since the
coup four years ago the leaders of this
protest group have repeatedly defied the
military government and have been
charged with sedition which could see
them jailed for up to seven years their
rallies have been relatively small so
far but have provided the most visible
sign of resistance since the coup
ultimate goal is to have the free and
fair election as early as possible
because the longer that take the more
opportunities for the hunter to prolong
their power as planned after the
election Thailand's military leaders
have promised elections several times
since removing the democratically
elected government in 2014 the latest
proposed date for a vote is February
next year but they're remembering of yet
another delay even after an election is
held the military will still hold a lot
of power
they'll hand pick senators to sit in the
upper house of parliament and there's
even the possibility of an unelected
prime minister that person could be the
current prime minister the army general
who led the coup Prayuth chan-ocha
hasn't committed either way to the idea
of staying on after the next election
but he appears to be in campaign mode
already
he held a large rally in the northeast
two weeks ago seemingly canvassing
support from political factions who are
regional power brokers for political
parties that's against the law
future-forward which launched in March
Cole ed by a university lecturer and a
young business tycoon is being seen as a
party that can shake up Thai politics
but at the moment it's powerless we are
not allowed to campaign we are not
allowed to raise funds from the public
at the moment we are not allowed to seek
supporters more supporters so it's a
normal it's abnormal
the government says political parties
will be able to resume activities soon
and an election in February
remains the target so far there is no
change to the roadmap but I don't use
the word guarantee for protesters that's
not enough they are planning to march on
government house to deliver a message to
the Prime Minister that they want the
military to return to barracks Wayne hey
al Jazeera Bangkok
well the military in Thailand has seized
power 12 times since the end of the
absolute monarchy in 1932 and one of the
more recent coos that the country into
two camps
Thaksin Shinawatra was ousted as prime
minister by the army in 2006 while he
was out of the country
there had been months of demonstrations
by the yellow shirts of the People's
Alliance for democracy there's a group
which opposed
Thaksin and accused him of corruption
but four years later it was the red
shirts of the UD d the United Front for
democracy against dictatorship that
rallied in his name calling for the
government to resign and for early
elections in 2011 the pro tuckson poet i
party won a landslide victory and
Shinawatra ster Yingluck became prime
minister but within three years she was
out - in another military coup and fled
the country
General Prayuth chan-ocha was named
Prime Minister well let's go to our
guest now joining us from Bangkok is
Shaun Boone Pro Cong a former national
security adviser for the deposed Prime
Minister Yingluck Shinawatra in Tokyo
Michael Montesano coordinator of the
Thailand Studies program at usel fish ik
Institute in Singapore and in Kon Ken
David Strikeforce a historian and author
of truth on trial in Thailand defamation
treason and lese majeste a very warm
welcome to all of you mr. boon pro Cong
if I may start with you key poet I
parties are accused of breaking the law
after speaking out against the military
protests expected tomorrow to mark four
years since the military took power so
how worried will the military government
be about this challenge to their rule
protests are banned in Thailand
essentially the resistance that has been
simmering since the coup for the past
four year
really still are in force the military
have been successful at at put him at
the outer edge of political arena
however after the the funeral of the
previous king the
and and the new under the new reign
there appears to be more resistant at
hand and the student from nineteen
university vowed to to make their voice
heard by camping at the Prime Minister's
office on the 22nd and at this point is
hard to tell how many will show up but
but clearly huge satisfaction with the
hunter in how they managed the reform
that they promised that would take place
really hasn't corruption Rises and this
is the the pert high threat of
imprisonment is one of the symptom of
Siot society where a political divide as
to in evident despite of long
suppression mr. strike first let me
bring you in now we don't know how many
people will show up to protest but we
know that the ones that do will be
calling for elections which the army
says will take place in February but do
you think they will happen given that
they've been delayed four times now in
the four years that the military has
been in power I don't think there isn't
guarantee that there will be an election
in February the military had made many
promises about when a an election might
happen I don't believe that they will
allow an election until they can make
realistic take in the polls that don't
make them lose lose face at least even
though they may not win and until that
time I don't think they'll be elected
mr. Montesano given the new constitution
and the power that it does give the
military do you think that any election
outcome would be a foregone conclusion
and if so that this government would go
ahead and hold that election I agree
with dr. Schreck for us I mean this this
is a junta that is riding the tiger
and hasn't figured out how to get off
and it is clearly still groping for a
path that will lead to the result that
it wants which is somehow to have a
prime minister whether it shouldn't bite
you or somebody else to its liking and
we need to bear in mind that yes the
Senate will play a large role in
choosing the next prime minister yes the
the Prime Minister could easily be
somebody who is not a member of
parliament who hasn't faced the voters
but that doesn't in itself
tell us what route the junta will follow
in designing the party or parties that
it expects to use as its face for
support in the lower house mr. boon Pro
Kong is that what General Prayuth
chan-ocha is doing now traveling around
the country making speeches you know
quartering regional power brokers do you
think it looks like he is campaigning
while political parties are banned from
doing so what does exactly what the
military won from the first place is
called incumbency and and take advantage
of of the financial mechanism which the
government with its huge cash flow
adduced to suppress dissent and there
have been extraordinary allocation of a
hundred billion baht to give it to the
local godfather to persuade them to join
the nearly found a military party which
is would pursue more or less populist
policy similar to what the port I was
doing but but now is is okay essentially
they borrowed a playbook of poor Thai
trying to win the hearts and mind of the
people and so far we don't really know
how our success it would to be until
they the wound ties confident that they
could win tit but nevertheless from what
I know of the put high voter
in the raw area in the north and
northeast they really haven't changed
their mind but nevertheless they are to
comfort at the successful more or less
say winning in Malaysia so now the
military is under huge pressure just to
make sure to guarantee the win in what
way and this is what we're trying to
figure out what what they're trying to
figure out themselves just like
professor Manzano said mr. Montesano you
know for 20 of almost 20 years Thai
politics was divided between the poet I
party the Shinawatra me on one hand and
the sort of traditional elites
represented by the army and the monarchy
in the other the Chenoa had won every
election since 2001 but with map them
now in exile who will their supporters
get behind General Prayuth chan-ocha has
been quoting them but will they get
behind the military who they've always
opposed well we need to think about what
sort of vehicle the military plans to
use in contesting an election we still
don't know if there's going to be a
military party but the short answer to
your question is no it's very unlikely
that rural people the people whose eyes
were opened through tuckson and and the
parties that he founded it's very
unlikely that they will support what
will be transparently a party that
serving as a vehicle for the same
military junta that deposed King lot
four years ago mr. strike force how much
has Thailand changed in the last four
years since the military took over when
it was so divided between the so called
red shirts and yellow shirts do most
Thai people still fall into one of those
two categories or have they moved beyond
that well I think we have to go back
further than that because whatever
happened with the yellow shirts and the
red shirts really changed people's
conscience
so we talked about just merely the last
four years the military government has
very little to show in terms of its
reform so-called reforms and so it's not
making I don't think it's made in
headway hearing there are thieves when I
talk to to average folk they'll still go
with put a high or at least some other
Progressive Party and and will reject
it's like dr. Montesano said or detect
any any sort of a hint of joining with
the military mr. Montesano how much
support would you say that the military
still have after these four years I
can't say directly but what I would
point out is this it's a bit of a
mischaracterization to say that this is
somehow about the military and a
Royalist elite we need to bear in mind
that there is a bangkok society many of
whose members are afraid of the Thai
countryside and this Bangkok Society
would like to see this process by which
the junta returns the country to
electoral democracy also be a process
that brings security and its safeguards
Bangkok interests these are V the
interests of the countryside and there
is still in Bangkok tremendous interest
tremendous support yeah for a process of
Elections that safeguards the interest
of more affluent Bangkok voters visa vie
the demands of the rural majority in the
country mr. boon pro/con you know the
Shinawatra so popular would would the
rural with the poor because they seem to
represent their interests and they were
the dominant force in Thai politics for
so long but do they still have any
influence in the country even though
they're in exile would you say it's in
terms of
of the support is is still pretty much
the same political dynamic periodically
that's high army did a poll and a based
upon their previous more or less a
political system of American
representation a little bit more to the
parliamentary side compared to it will
be a little bit about German model in
the future
the statistics always bear a two hundred
and thirty vote 230 MP that they've got
said that hasn't changed much but that's
also a new dynamic we really have to to
watch out for which is the the new
introduction of mister turnout horn half
of the new future party there are 6
million new votes and from our poll that
we do all over 77 countries the vote
seems to be overwhelmingly for this new
generation paradigm and and this is what
the wouldn'ta are unexpected and they
they are pretty much a postponement of
election it's a part of this unless we
could win it we're not going to allow
the election to go through so those are
our two major element and plus you have
to remember that they are a different
sentiment at work under this reign there
appears to be less a case against less
majesty
a prosecution there hasn't been in about
six months the only office of attorney
general is allowed to do it so we are we
are getting to a new territory there
appear to be some sense of fairness and
parkways that we could take a glimpse at
it but until that unfold within the next
twelve months before the election that
it would be clearer mister strike first
there are a number of new parties there
getting a lot of attention including
future forwards
Sanna thorn that mr. boon Pro Kong is
speaking about who is even described as
the sort of new taxon but do you think
that any of the new parties stand a fair
chance given this constitution well when
you look at electoral history in
Thailand there's always been a huge
number of very small parties so I think
in this case what will be most important
is whether these more progressive depth
pro-democracy parties can somehow form
into some sort of coalition and somehow
defeat military in the elections and so
you know every every vote that goes to a
new progressive party is one taken from
another progressive party so they're
going to have to find some way for it I
even put a tie the larger party and and
these other smaller parties to come
together it's some fashion if they
expect to gain any sort of influence in
that in the house of House of
Representatives mr. Montesano can you
see that happening can you see these
different parties with their various
personalities getting together and again
would the Constitution which is so
restrictive on political manoeuvring
allow that well there are two different
issues I do see the possibility of a
coalition that needs these new
progressive parties that and as dr.
strecher says they'll be small that
needs these parties to after they find
their way into the house but the
important thing to to say about this
restrictive Constitution is that it's
not mile this is not a constitution that
can be successful in governing high
society as we now have it in the long
haul so the rigidity of the Constitution
and and and the effect of the
Constitution in in limit
the effect of the voters will and of
these parties will also be the
Constitution's undoing but mr. boon
pro/con on that note how can this
Constitution be challenged when those
who have written it are in power the
question that Professor Monsanto raised
is a really legitimate one and this is
the type of at this point that the type
of situation that put high C and those
Democratic coalition that have would
they deal with it I I expect that they
are one to to be in the political table
so to speak they might come in and if
they're if they are successful to be
part of the political process that could
be an introduction of a repeal of this
of this problem I think that the visitor
knutzhorn party has indicated that that
would be the case the party is trying to
not revealing their car too soon at this
moment so they were hoping just to be
allowed to have an election period
rather than are facing with no end
result military postponed indefinitely
on the election date and so far they
have no future so they are just trying
to play possum and trying to just get
back into the game and that that's find
a word and mr. boon for Cong are either
of the Shinawatra on getting back in the
game
or are they well and truly out of Thai
politics now I think that he's at his
age is he's happy if he's allowed to
come back home but the most important
point is he's the most important dynamic
that authorized Bank hockey and the
powerful
establishment have to deal with how
unless he's dealt with in in the
fairness it with Thailand would would
always be in this position so that's up
for a challenge that I think that under
this reign there are some hope for our
side that the system would be
administrative fairly is almost the
ultimate goal that you know he's a big
600-pound gorilla question that need to
be addressed
mr. strike force the last question to
you before I get to mr. Montesano is the
military here to stay for now well I
have a few more comments in that right
okay we'll start with that I mean the
military already built into the
constitutional framework
I'm absolutely well a very strong
possibility that the majority will not
be able to run Thailand in the future
democratically
so it's already designed against parties
popular parties and I as to to what Sean
said about the monarchy I don't think we
we necessarily need to see the monarchy
as in step absolutely with the military
it could be for its on long owned long
range reasons that the that the monarchy
may want to try to create popularity
legitimacy and a more sustainable review
of the monarchy on its own terms outside
of the monarchy mr. Montesano that is
introducing a whole nother dynamic late
in the program but let me ask you this
what does all of this mean especially
just how entrenched the military is now
for democracy in Thailand I continue to
believe that there have been social
forces developing in Thailand as doctors
Freck fost said at the beginning of
discussion social forces developing in
Thailand for many years
now that are not commensurate with the
restrictive system that the high army
would like to foist on the country and
the lack of fit between this restrictive
system and those social forces mean that
this restrictive system cannot prove
enduring without continuing tensions and
continuing stresses in high society
gentlemen it is a pleasure to get all of
your thoughts thank you very much for
joining us today thank you to all our
guests Shaun Boone pecan Michael
Montesano
and David strike first and thank you too
for watching you can see the program
again any time by visiting our website
aljazeera.com
and for further discussion do go to our
Facebook page that's facebook.com /aj
inside story you can also join the
conversation on Twitter a handle is at
AJ inside story from the Elizabeth per
annum and the whole team here bye for
now
you
