she rarely leaves her home overwhelmed
by dark thoughts her husband lost his
job four years ago since then they have
gradually sold all their belongings to
survive now there's not much left and
the family's in debt there's no point in
hoping the situation gets worse by the
day each time there's a little calm
something bad follows I have to beg our
neighbors for some food sometimes I only
have a cup of tea or sandwich filled
with lettuce to feed my children she's
tried to take her life more than the
ones she feels guilty for punishing her
children and her suicidal mood is
affecting the entire family Palestinians
and Gaza are finding it more and more
difficult to live and children are the
ones suffering the most Tamar was only
four when he saw his cousin killed by an
airstrike during the war in 2014 the
images still haunt him he was in the
school that was bombed
he saw the massacre that happened there
and since then he's not the same he's
never recovered he's violent he wants to
hit people all the time he's very scared
he talks about it all the time mental
health doctors say each round of
violence as new trauma to the old
unresolved ones yes of course many
people are disturbed by the situation
there are no salaries they are worried
about the economy and the political
situation they wonder how they're going
to go ahead now there are also parents
worried because their children have gone
to protest at the fence and they don't
know what to do teenagers are the most
difficult to control
yes sir left his blind mother home to
join the protest along the border fence
with Israel
we had met him and his friends several
weeks ago in one of the encampments they
complained about growing up under siege
they compared Gaza to a big cage they
threw stones burnt tires and attempted
to cut the fence each time yes it was
hoping it would be the last I was
telling the soldiers to shoot me here in
the head because I'm fed up with my life
I can't read or write I'd like to know
how to I can't find work the world is
closed for me that's why I go throw
stones if I had a job I wouldn't I
prefer to be in an Israeli Jail it's
better than here yes sir lost two
fingers were shot in the legs and so his
friends die next to him now he says he
was lucky to survive even if the reality
he and others tried to escape is still
very much here her doctor Hamad Al
Jazeera Gaza
