the images beaming out of Israel and
Palestine this past week could not have
been more different on one side of the
split-screen dignitaries mingling in
West Jerusalem toasting the opening of
the new US Embassy there on the other
carnage at the Gaza Israel border at
least 60 Palestinians killed most of
them picked off from a distance by
Israeli snipers the bulk of the media
coverage in Israel echoed the official
state narrative self-defense
sovereignty elsewhere in the region
media coverage reflected significant
geopolitical changes occurring in
certain states Saudi Arabian media that
have often provided a pan-arab platform
for anger at the Israeli occupation
relegated the bloodbath at the border to
the back half of their newscasts until
the images and the voices online became
too compelling to downplay Qatar Turkey
and Iran are all key players in the
region and the coverage coming from
their media reflected to varying degrees
the way those governments see the Middle
East conflict we have two starting
points this week one on each side of the
screen
let's Queen became very powerful one
message you have the truth of what is
happening that you have a besieged
population fighting for their legitimate
right of return and being shot down by
an occupying enemy state and you have
the others that are trying to show calm
of another white settler state colony
expanding its rich named economic DeMayo
MIOSHA line there's a news media in
Israel covered the events in Jerusalem
in the events in Gaza with screens but
when the cellular monitoring the embassy
started channel to the main news channel
is focused only on what's happening in
Jerusalem and Palestinians were
forgotten if we're talking about the
editorial decision there's there's two
things to factor it first of all the
embassy opening was a little over an
hour whereas the rioting was going on
all day so if for one hour of the day
you went live to the ceremony in
Jerusalem I don't think that that's such
a crazy thing to be happening after the
ceremony ended and Israelis opened their
eyes to bother in the way the world sees
it we'll try to cut across it and that
could constitute a breach of
international law the realize they
cannot really forget about the area and
just celebrate a victory
in normal times the Israeli media
provide relatively balanced news
coverage they do not shy away from
criticizing their political leaders or
their policies but these are not
normally fo shakyla Hideki de la ermita
name the new US Embassy in Jerusalem the
opening of which roughly coincided with
the 70th anniversary of the creation of
the Israeli state along with the unrest
at the border had a unifying effect on
the domestic coverage
Mikasa campaign was a Ketel hostile any
Afghan mujahideen over Hinata rule the
primary media platforms that
Palestinians have relied on are not
their own
they are regional since the advent of al
Jazeera Arabic in 1996 and the
subsequent launch of other pan Arab news
channels such as the saudi-owned Al
Arabiya
Palestinians have counted on those
outlets to tell their story but there
have been diplomatic overtures between
Saudi Arabia and Israel o shaykh
abdullah muhammad seeing them or
shinjuku israel's channel 10 reported
last month that Saudi Crown Prince
Mohammed bin Salman told a group of
American Jewish leaders that
Palestinians should shut up and stop
complaining that new policy if one can
call it that is being reflected on Al
Arabiya
both in the relative lack of attention
the channel is now giving the
Palestinian story and the tone of what
is covered when you look at Al Arabiya
and you recognize that this is a Saudi
channel and you see that the Saudi
regime has been opening normalization
economically politically militarily with
the Zionist state and has been adopting
design is discourse then of course that
that will be exemplified in the al
arabiya news Joe Israel a man or even a
linear haqiqa rural America full
Muhammad Oh can Cena a man be a linear
puts a limit on Israel the Saudi media
tries to down play
events that had taken place in Gaza
recently lost Ania at the Hermitage ah
Bertie Kirby met Baha rahiba theater
tying us up but also they're trying not
to provoke a reaction from their local
population here is the u.s. embassy
moved to Jerusalem which Muslims regard
as a holy place and Saudi Arabia's had
told the whole world that it committed
itself to Jerusalem as the capital of a
Palestinian state but we find Donald
Trump the main supporter of the new
leadership in Saudi Arabia moving his
embassy to Jerusalem to heart a glioma
10 hazel in philistine Ian fee cool
emotive so the Saudi Press probably is
trying to avoid embarrassment political
agendas are also at play amongst the
major media players in the region Turkey
Iran and Qatar which owns Al Jazeera the
Palestine Israel conflict like the war
in Syria is one of those stories that
serves as a prison reflecting various
regional interests and ideologies and
the coverage can reveal as much about
the news outlets country of origin where
it's coming from as it does about the
story itself over the last probably 12
months with the increased rivalry
between Iran and Saudi Arabia and Iran
tries to show that it cares so much
about Jerusalem and outdo Saudi Arabia
especially under Hamad bin Salman writer
John or co-star Mr Dome Emma's Luna
Celestine da da da da da miss Olga -
Colleen hey Raja a buzzer go mr. Khan
and Adonis very famous Teleco beautiful
of Lynnea because we thought of you at
the Ayesha B so this competition using
the Palestinian issue between two
regional powers Saudi Arabia on one hand
and Iran on the other hand in order to
score the other which is actually not
very helpful to the Palestinians talking
with with its
news media is more critical Twitter than
it used to be in the past on dirt -
Scotty Israel david.aileen Bindo Kusaka
short a cool Dugan who knows every limb
owes Alec the organization Bugan could
you say America blessed attribute petty
cash
there are going tensions between little
Israel and Turkey and also expressed in
the way the Turkish media is covering
the event Qatar and Al Jazeera on the
other hand also a part of the camp that
is against the new alliance between
Saudi Arabia and with wealth and Malaika
- Larabee idea where Israel muhabba to
bother other with Isabella Allman via
ideology Ladell Emir Hamad the cellmaxx
when it comes to the coverage of
asymmetrical conflicts one news channels
protester can be another channels rioter
and yet another's terrorist who note
Allah Lucien Julio - a Lavazza pakua
mokmou he caught my interest Amity
Shawmut Mahua of Gannett ala mode build
a faster and as significant as Israel's
new ties to Saudi Arabia may prove to be
the deeper connection lies between Tel
Aviv and Washington where when Donald
Trump rises in the White House he
reportedly starts his day watching Fox
News's Morning Show today by the Hamas
terrorists do those look like mainly
unarmed people they're throwing rocks
and throwing Molotov cocktails the
millions of dollars of aid that go to
Gaza ends up in the hands of these
murderous terrorists of Hamas
yet despite having some influential news
outlets in its corner
despite the careful choreography of an
embassy opening to show the world Israel
through its uncompromising military
response and the news footage that that
produced has managed to lose the battle
for public opinion on this story and
that's not according to its critics its
conclusion that comes from the inside
the Israeli military's chief
international spokesman I actually think
that this week the Palestinians in Gaza
have had a massive media presence and
more than the Israelis have had
everything that we do were being told
that it's our fault that we can't be
free that's the problem it's almost like
telling black Americans you can't be
free unless you just capitulate and stop
protesting and stop demanding equality
and nobody's talking about the Israelis
that live right by the border and whose
agricultural fields are being burnt down
by fire bombs being thrown by Hamas
militants and other people in Gaza who
every rioting the one thing that is
being missed is how Hamas won the day
the point of the Hamas involvement in
the mouth of return was to draw the
attention away from the US Embassy move
and the fact that Israel chose to stop
the portunus using sniper fire played
into homicides completely sometimes I
agree that the Palestinians are not
given enough attention but this week I
think that they've been given all the
attention
