take reality's ratings joining me now
net price former CIA intelligence
officer former Director of National
Intelligence director of the CIA and
retired US Navy Admiral James stavridis
good morning to all of you with the rise
of cable news networks in the mid-90s
there was a mad scramble to get as many
expert commentators as possible the
higher ranked the better the more medals
the better the fancier title the better
they go out and look for former
officials Colonel Jack Jacobs John
McLaughlin of general officers former
CIA directors former deputy directors
General Michael Hayden John Brennan
Michael Morell and to the network's they
feel this is an authoritative point of
view it's a chilling statement I have
someone who knows the things you know
that's authenticity to them that's
credibility to them I know you're very
important to the intelligence community
this is a revolving door between folks
who were officials in our national
security apparatus who then have moved
out of that role and are now leveraging
or experience to get media gigs titles
that they gained during their time in
public service have a lot of gravitas
and credibility with the public
every year the polling company Gallup
measures the trust Americans have in
various institutions last year it found
that only 12% of the US public had
confidence in Congress and just 24%
trusted the news delivered on TV
however 72% said they still had
confidence in the US military respect
for ex-military and former intelligence
officials persists despite the many
occasions when their information and
assessments have been proven wrong or
worse false being one of these military
former military officials TV pundits
means never having to say you're sorry
these people have gotten it wrong
repeatedly and they're on the air
forever and general Barry McCaffrey
joins me now
I'm the 15th anniversary of the invasion
of Iraq I'm watching Chris Hayes
interviewing barry mccaffrey and Hayes
didn't say hey 15 years ago you were on
the same channel and everything you said
about why we had to invade Iraq was
wrong
john mclaughlin john mclaughlin is
former acting director of the CIA he's a
regular on MSNBC he was involved in
giving the phoney intelligence to the
White House that led to the invasion of
Iraq he's involved in torture after all
the president-elect did say some pretty
nasty things about the CIA now he's the
moral figure weighing in on Trump while
joining me now it's the former Director
of National Intelligence James clapper
with James clapper here's a person who
literally perjured himself in front of
Congress talking about mass surveillance
on the US public he also had said on TV
before that Russians are typically
almost genetically driven to be devious
and sinister and meddling in world
affairs obviously that sort of DNA he
doesn't believe is inherent to Americans
of course let alone the fact that his
entire job was about gathering
intelligence on foreign nations add to
the list Mike Morell who during his
tenure as former CIA deputy director
oversaw torture he now uses his media
platform to justify it and former
director of the NSA
Michael Hayden he headed the digital spy
agency one at wiretapped millions of US
citizens without a warrant news networks
appear to have remarkably short memories
providing platforms for men like these
despite their tarnished records
what's more they seem frightening ly
unconcerned with the interests and
organizations these figures represent
right now who they're working for
and in effect lobbying for on the air
Mike Morell former acting director of
the CIA you see him on CBS all the time
those people operated under the
president's direction with the approval
of the Attorney General who said this is
legal it wasn't torture he's in this
group called the Alliance for securing
democracy which is a mesh of the
obama-clinton foreign policy leadership
with the neoconservatives that got us
into the invasion of iraq and started
this whole mess joining us now is
General Michael Hayden former director
of the CIA and NSA under president
george w bush
Michael Hayden he is now a principal at
the Chertoff group which is a strategic
advisory firm to the defense industry
they advise companies on how to get
contracts with the US government among
other things former CIA director John
Brennan who is now an NBC News senior
national security and intelligence
analyst John Brennan who's very recently
the CIA director under President Obama
now a paid contributor for NBC and is an
advisor to a cybersecurity firm Putin
was the person who authorized the
interference in our election media has a
responsibility to viewers to make sure
that they know where this commentary is
coming from and so far I've just done a
very poor job unless you happen to be
watching Fox News these pro security
pundits are almost universally anti
President Trump that helps then the
agencies they used to work for and the
network's to present themselves as the
responsible resistance to the White
House but where these former military
security and intelligence personnel
agree with Trump's policies tells us a
lot about where their resistance ends
and their ideology begins take strikes
on Syria for example or Trump's choice
and of Jena her spell as incoming
director of the CIA you saw a parade on
cable news of former CIA officials
talking about how great at her job she
was remember she oversaw torture and is
part of the exact same military
intelligence complex that has been doing
rendition torturing people all of the
networks rely on former CIA officials
former directors Leon Panetta John
Brennan former deputy directors Mike
Morell former executive assistants like
Jeremy bash and every one of them has
supported
spell just the other day 109 generals
and admirals issued a strong statement
against confirming gina has spell
why aren't they appearing on television
in great numbers General March what
advantage does aircraft adding aircraft
into the mix give you when it comes to
strikes on Syria we see the same thing
former military officials talking about
how efficient and how effective the
military is these are people talking
about a sector that they respect and
they will always respect but it
increases the capabilities of multiple
attack angles going against targets in
Syria so therefore war crimes are never
talked about civilian casualties are
never talked about 15 years ago
manipulated intelligence under complicit
media helped justify the invasion of
Iraq as the Iraq war became a
catastrophe and spawned Isis media
talked up terrorism as global threat
number one now it's Russia audiences
appear to have learned their lesson
since 2003 trust in TV news has hit
all-time lows and yet today the same
news channels and many of the same
contributors are on a war footing once
again the only thing that's changed is
it's gotten a little more intense
because CNN and MSNBC the allegedly
liberal channels think that by bringing
on these former military and
intelligence brass that's the way to
show up Trump when you allow the
military brass to come on night after
night and never have to debate as it
normalizes what we call the
military-industrial complex and I would
call it a military-industrial media
complex
