modern vibrant in spiral this is the
Kenya we see at the start of Rafiki a
low-budget love story between two girls
that feels rich and promise hi Hey
so Joanna do something the actresses and
director walked the red carpet it can
they were also paving the way for more
films from the continent to go below
this being a Kenyan first we're
representing so many Kenyan filmmakers
so many people who've been telling
stories even before us it feels
wonderful to be making history for our
country it's incredible and for from the
film we have so many people who've now
been motivated to tell the stories that
they were not willing to tell but as
this romance unfolds we see prejudice
destroy the promise of a better future
Kenya has now banned the film for its
mild homosexual content and though the
country's Constitution guarantees
freedom of expression authorities are
threatening to arrest director while
Norika hue when she returns home from
Canada but she has a bigger mission to
change how Africa is represented on
screen for a long time devastation and
sadness has been linked to African film
almost as if African film was a genre of
sadness and we are absolutely going
against that and saying we are more than
that
we're so with complex and the media
hasn't really helped in our
representation so we have to be able to
do it ourselves we have to be able to
say we're strong we're proud we're
loving were hopeful with glorious people
of the 21 films vying for the Palme d'Or
prize not one is from sub-saharan Africa
helping to judge them is Varun D&K
journalist who has a message for the
continent leaders prosecutors in America
do know what's missing in African cinema
is not talent or stories what's lacking
is the means the supports the subsidies
in other countries millions of dollars
are devoted to creation but we like film
schools and cinemas I caught on
politician
to realize that cinema is lucrative the
success of Rafiki here at can is
validation that Kenyan talent has global
appeal but by limiting artistic freedom
Kenya could damage its fledgling film
industry and see that talent flee for
countries that truly celebrate cinema
charlie angela al-jazeera can
