the sudden surge of water first washed
away the bridge in the village of width
of Olivia then the houses on the
riverbank miraculously nobody died Luis
Rodriguez is a fisherman here he says he
has never witnessed anything like last
week's floods what would have happened
if it had surged in the middle of the
night instead of the day how many people
would have died we knew about the issues
of the dam supposedly we had an alarm
system in place but it didn't go off yet
we managed to escape more than 5,000
people from villages on the couch I
River heeded the call to evacuate
following major damage at a giant either
electric project under construction up
River they're being sheltered in
makeshift camps fifteen kilometers away
Louise says you won't leave even if the
water took away his fishing poles and
vote I'm not leaving for nothing in the
world I was born here I will die here
we've moved to my mother's house uphill
at night but I come down during the day
he's not alone Marie Alicia and her
husband are sleeping on the school's
pavement above the town's Church during
the day they come to check on their
property and cook food most left but we
want to be close to our house and store
it's all we have and the shelters are
overcrowded people lack food where we
sleep should be safe at least that's
what I hope teacher Gloria Mayfair
evacuated but took the risk to come back
to collect the children schoolbooks I'm
nervous you never know when the alarm
will go off and we'll need to run I look
at the river every second to check on
the level I can't forget what happened
there's an eerie silence - what's left
of where - Valdivia people here say they
had never seen their beloved River as a
threat and most would like to come back
and rebuild but for now at least the
evacuation order remains in place in
case of major damage add to them waves
as high as 26 meters could get here in
less
our completely destroying this town and
others downriver at the dam Engineers
keep working around the clock to avoid a
disastrous collapse on Saturday the dams
owner gave an optimistic update saying
the overall level of the water had
dropped 20% and that they had made
progress in raising the Dan's main wall
a glimmer of hope for those who dream to
one day return home Alison rompilla T al
Jazeera Puerta Valdivia
