in a tie in a late-night announcement
erupts Election Commission declared Shia
cleric moqtada al-sadr got the highest
number of seats but Turkmen in the
northern city of Kirkuk are among many
Iraqis angry at the election results
many here are alleging voter fraud and
several political parties want an
investigation crooks governor believes
electronic voting is another form of
election rigging many Arabs and Kurds
are also rejecting the results because
the votes for change but nothing has
changed it's a simple thing give us our
rights some Iraqis are demanding a
manual recount of ballots at hundreds of
polling stations in some places
protesters refused to allow election
staff to leave we've been protesting
here for days in front of the Election
Commission we won't allow any ballot box
to leave the office the white shrouds
represent burial clothes a symbolic
gesture to say their protest will
continue as long as they're alive I
stand here night and day I will stand
until the last moment and will be ready
to die in peaceful protests to bring
back our rights earlier in the week the
RAF's Election Commission said it was
intimidated and couldn't do its job
freely with a record low turnout some
politicians accused the commission of
failing to deliver and know many of our
staff members in Kirkuk electoral office
have received death threats from several
political parties but also their success
has upset many politicians those who
have not done well are alleging foul
play 81 MPs have called for an emergency
session of the Parliament to address
grievances and with political infighting
it's expected that the formation of a
new government would be further delayed
the highest number of seats remain with
the influential Shia cleric who's
aligned himself with Communists on a
nationalist agenda for inshallah we are
looking forward to a new phase of
rebuilding Iraq with an inclusive
democratic and technocratic government
he is opposed to Iranian and American
influence in Iraq Sentinel affairs but
without the required seats to form a
majority government he's looking for
allies
general Qasem Soleimani commander of the
Iranian hoods force arrived in Baghdad
after the results were announced his
efforts are believed to be aimed at
making a pro Iran alliance to form the
new government in Iraq
it's expected to be weeks before a
coalition government is formed as Iraqis
come to terms with the results of the
most peaceful election in recent ears
sama Punjabi al Jazeera
Baghdad
