they emerged from st. George's Chapel as
husband and wife the new duke and
duchess of sussex were welcomed by a
crowd of well-wishers inside the grounds
of Windsor Castle earlier the guests
including many well-known faces had
begun arriving
then came Prince Harry the last guest as
royal protocol dictates the British
Queen
then the moment the crowds here had been
waiting for
Megan Markel the former actress was
accompanied in the chapel by Prince
Charles her own father missed the
ceremony because of health reasons dr.
King was right we must discover though
of the service itself reflecting the
couple's backgrounds
outside the atmosphere had been building
from the early hours many in the crowd
celebrating the fact that Megan Markel
who is mixed-race an American represents
something of a departure from previous
royal brides
it's so exciting historic to have an
American princess we're so happy to be
here just know what to just be here you
don't you don't have to actually be in
so late to say anything she's a
confident independent person she
inspires young people I think she
inspires different ethnicities and
backgrounds and it's fun to see that
come into the royal family with sunny
skies fortune was smiling on the couple
as they made their way through the
streets of Windsor the medieval castle
providing a perfect backdrop this has
been dubbed a modern royal romance which
has Wells global interest soul of course
will be indifferent to it or see it as a
symbol of privilege and colonialism
others will hope the so called Megan
effect will be long lasting Emma Haywood
al Jazeera in Windsor
