Johnny Pardo goes to this market in san
cristobol because it's cheap but even
here just a kilo of meat now costs the
same as his entire monthly wage affect
that more kissing it affects me a lot
before with your salary you could get
every two weeks meat flour oil rice and
greens the vegetable stand it's the same
story the prices have to be rewritten
every day they're going up so fast
before people bought a kilo of carrots
now they just buy two carrots two
potatoes
people are just getting their food for
the day inflation has been a big problem
for years in Venezuela but now it's
completely out of hand prices are in the
millions there's not enough cash to keep
up even in the market every stall
announces I quintal that they have a
credit card terminal it's very good
excellent many are going hungry their
weights gone down with their purchasing
power johnny has lost 45 kilos
economists say that many from the middle
class are rapidly descending into
poverty but what about those who are
already struggling for early and her two
children these few vegetables made into
a soup are all that they're going to
have to eat for the next two days
scratching out for living cleaning homes
she has one constant worry then I don't
have any food for my children that they
come to me tomorrow and I haven't got
anything to give them the government
does provide food bags and benefits for
some of the poor but critics say that
Aid is conditioned on votes in elections
like the upcoming one this Sunday
president Maduro has promised that if
he's re-elected who sold the economic
problems many here questioned why he
hasn't done that already in the six
years he's been in power John Holman al
jazeera san cristobol
