in his first sermon of the Islamic holy
month of fasting a normally
mild-mannered clerics outspoken rebuke
of the American president this evil
newcomer Donald Trump showed us he is a
crazy man
he's doing everything and saying
everything without wisdom he has no
religion no humility no shame no
consideration he has nothing in reality
he's someone who has nothing he also
used the pulpit to criticize leaders of
other Muslim nations and predict
Israel's demise Iran Arab leaders a
silent because America has dominated
them as the supreme leader said they are
paid slaves who have no voice and the
international community and the
Organization of Islamic Cooperation
showed that they cannot follow the rules
they don't have consensus a morality has
no place in diplomatic affairs the Imams
who lead Friday prayers speak for the
supreme leader so it's an easy way for
worshipers to know what's on Ayatollah
Ali Khamenei his mind
Alys Tinian stood open over the past few
days people came to the scene unarmed a
more massacred it was another disgrace
in a dark history of this dirty regime
of Israel and a president of America is
its supporter and it was the latest
evidence that they are not committed to
any rule of law the sermon was
punctuated by familiar chants of death
to America Israel Britain and Saudi
Arabia then the silent symmetry of
prayer followed by the angry zeal of
protest this Friday Iranians dedicated
their protests and their prayers to the
Palestinian people praying for what they
said they hoped would be a speedy
victory against Israeli occupation the
message on this day from Iranian men
women and children in their thousands
was that they stand in solidarity with
what they called the oppressed masses of
their fellow most
Palestinians enduring Israeli occupation
the march of worshipers once again
culminating in the frenzy of flag
burning now as routine as the Friday
prayer itself zanbar avi al jazeera
Tehran
