at least hello I'm Richard gisbert and
you're at the listening post here are
some of the developments were covering
this week the israel-palestine story as
it was told by media across the Middle
East and what that coverage reveals
about shifting political winds in the
region Spanish journalists have taken to
wearing black they're protesting their
lost independence torturer tall-tale
teller soldier spy the ex-military and
intelligence man who the US media cannot
get enough of and from the racetrack to
the backing track Turkmenistan's
Renaissance president is on Form once
again the images beaming out of Israel
and Palestine this past week could not
have been more different on one side of
the split screen dignitaries mingling in
West Jerusalem toasting the opening of
the new US Embassy there on the other
carnage at the Gaza Israel border at
least 60 Palestinians killed most of
them picked off from a distance by
Israeli snipers the bulk of the media
coverage in Israel echoed the official
state narrative self-defense sovereignty
elsewhere in the region media coverage
reflected significant geopolitical
changes occurring in certain states
Saudi Arabian media that have often
provided a pan-arab platform for anger
at the Israeli occupation relegated the
bloodbath at the border to the back half
of their newscasts until the images and
the voices online became too compelling
to downplay Qatar Turkey and Iran are
all key players in the region and the
coverage coming from their media
reflected to varying degrees the way
those governments see the Middle East
conflict we have two starting points
this week one on each side of the screen
let's screen became very powerful one
message you have the truth of what is
happening that you have a besieged
population fighting for their legitimate
right of return and being shot down by
an occupying enemy state and you have
the others that are trying to show calm
of another white settler state colony
expanding its reach and I'm mentioning
DeMayo MIOSHA line there's a news media
in Israel covered the events in
Jerusalem and events in Gaza with
screens but when the cellular money self
in the embassy started channel to the
main news channel is focused only on
what's happening in Jerusalem and
Palestinians were forgotten and we're
doing about the editorial decision
there's there's two things to factor it
first of all the embassy opening was a
little over an hour whereas the rioting
was going on all day so if for one hour
of the day you went live to the ceremony
in Jerusalem I don't think that that's
such a crazy thing to be happening after
the ceremony ended and Israelis opened
their eyes to bother in the way the
world sees it trying to cut across it
and that could constitute a breach of
international law realize they cannot
really forget about the area and just
celebrate the victories
in normal times the Israeli media
provide relatively balanced news
coverage they do not shy away from
criticizing their political leaders or
their policies but these are not normal
airflow shakeila catechetical RDF
metonym the new US Embassy in Jerusalem
the opening of which roughly coincided
with the 70th anniversary of the
creation of the Israeli state along with
the unrest at the border had a unifying
effect on the domestic coverage
Mikasa campaign was a colossal and
Afghan mujahideen oversight our rule the
primary media platforms that
Palestinians have relied on are not
their own
they are regional since the advent of Al
Jazeera Arabic in 1996 and the
subsequent launch of other pan Arab news
channels such as the saudi-owned Al
Arabiya
Palestinians have counted on those
outlets to tell their story
but there have been diplomatic overtures
between Saudi Arabia and Israel o Sheikh
Abdullah question with same name or
sheesh - cool
Israel's channel 10 reported last month
that Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin
Salman told a group of American Jewish
leaders that Palestinians should shut up
and stop complaining that new policy if
one can call it that is being reflected
on Al Arabiya
both in the relative lack of attention
the channel is now giving the
Palestinian story and the tone of what
is country when you look at Al Arabiya
and you recognize that this is a Saudi
Channel and you see that the Saudi
regime has been opening normalization
economically politically militarily with
the Zionist state and has been adopting
design is discourse then of course that
that will be exemplified in the al
arabiya news gusta el mañana y dot
analogical America for Mohammed you can
see now a man barely know what saucy
metal Israel the Saudi media tries to
down play
events that had taken place in Gaza
recently lost Ania at the Hermitage in
Bertie kabhi med Baja rahiba theater
tyre but also they're trying not to
provoke a reaction from their local
population here is the US Embassy moved
to Jerusalem which Muslims regard as a
holy place and Saudi Arabia's had told
the whole world that it committed itself
to Jerusalem as the capital of a
Palestinian state but we find Donald
Trump the main supporter of the new
leadership in Saudi Arabia moving his
embassy to Jerusalem what a delicate a
heart a glioma 10 hezonia Philistine Ian
fee cool emotive so the Saudi Press
probably is trying to avoid
embarrassment political agendas are also
at play amongst the major media players
in the region Turkey Iran and Qatar
which owns Al Jazeera the Palestine
Israel conflict like the war in Syria is
one of those stories that serves as a
prism reflecting various regional
interests and ideologies and the
coverage can reveal as much about the
news outlets country of origin where
it's coming from as it does about the
story itself over the last probably 12
months with the increased rivalry
between Iran and Saudi Arabia and Iran
tries to show that it cares so much
about Jerusalem and outdo Saudi Arabia
especially under Hamad bin Salman writer
John or cost or Mr Dome Emma's Luna
Philistine da-da-da-da-da miss Olga -
Holi in Viraj
a buzzer go mr. Khan and Adonis very
famous Teleco beatiful of Linea because
we thought of you at the Ayesha B so
this competition using the Palestinian
issue between two regional powers Saudi
Arabia on one hand and Iran on the other
hand in order to score the other which
is actually not very helpful to the
Palestinians turkey with its news media
is more critical Twitter than it used to
be in the past on dirt - Scotty Israel
deleted in Bindo Kusaka short a cool
Dugan who knows every limb
wesh2 Bugan could you say America
blessed relatability cached there are
going tensions between Israel and Turkey
and also expressed in the way the
Turkish media is covering the event
Qatar and Al Jazeera on the other hand
also a part of the camp that is against
the new alliance between Saudi Arabia
and Israel and Malika - Larabee idea
well Israel mohabbat ibadah Aditi sabina
almond vyasadeva lila Adil Emir Hamad
bin Salman when it comes to the coverage
of asymmetrical conflicts one news
channels protester can be another
channels rioter and yet another's
terrorists who know Tala Lucien Julio -
Olivet mi Guha Malcolm Oklahoma
interests Amita Sharma who Afghan Attali
modo de fossa and as significant as
Israel's new ties to Saudi Arabia may
prove to be the deeper connection lies
between Tel Aviv and Washington where
when Donald Trump rises in the White
House he reportedly starts his day
watching Fox News's Morning Show today
by the Hamas terrorists do those look
like mainly unarmed people they're
throwing rocks and throwing Molotov
cocktails the millions of dollars of aid
that go to Gaza ends up in the hands of
these murderous terrorists of Hamas
yet despite having some influential news
outlets in its corner
despite the careful choreography of an
embassy opening to show the world Israel
through its uncompromising military
response and the news footage that that
produced has managed to lose the battle
for public opinion on this story and
that's not according to its critics its
conclusion that comes from the inside
the Israeli military's chief
international spokesman I actually think
that this week the Palestinians in Gaza
have had a massive media presence and
more than the Israelis have had
everything that we do were being told
that it's our fault that we can't be
free that's the problem it's almost like
telling black Americans you can't be
free unless you just capitulate and stop
protesting and stop demanding equality
and nobody's talking about the Israelis
that live right by the border and whose
agricultural fields are being burnt down
by fire bombs being a thrown by Hamas
militants and other people in Gaza who
every rioting the one thing that is
being missed is how Hamas won the day
the point of the Hamas involvement in
the mouth of return was to draw the
attention away from the US Embassy move
and the fact that Israel chose to stop
the portunus using sniper fire played in
two homicides completely sometimes I
agree that the Palestinians are not
given enough attention but this week I
think that they've been given all the
attention
we're discussing other media stories on
our radar this week with one of our
producers Flo Phillips flow journalists
at Spain's national state own
broadcaster RTVE have taken to wearing
black on Fridays what is it that they're
protesting they're protesting a few
different things Richard political
interference from on high as well as
alleged gender bias and unequal pay now
our TV has the largest audience share of
any channel in the country and this
campaign known as viernes negra meaning
Black Friday was called to protest
supposed meddling in media coverage by
the ruling Conservative Party the
people's party as well as the
government's attempts to appoint the
chair of our TV directly rather than
going through Parliament now I spoke
with Sylvia Ferdinand desde Bobadilla
a spokesperson for the group inside RTVE
organizing the Black Friday protest the
los trabajadores de televisión española
estamos en de trabajar the- las piernas
hermanos estamos haciendo en la venta
por ciento de los trabajadores de la
trade acción de forma Tevas por que
queremos protested contra la
interferential política del gobierno
queremos luchar para que ver con la moly
policy on elephants hora en televisión
española para recuperar una television
plural Independiente professional que es
lo que se Marez en los trabajadores de
televisión española también los
españoles han general nosotros vamos a
continue RS con los viernes Negros hasta
que el gobierno de si de dez blokey r la
reforma de radio television Espanola que
aprobó el parlamento en septiembre de la
n el pasado de que todavía no se applica
Dona Reforma que implica que todos los
party Doce tienen que poner de acuerdo
para elegir al prossimo Presidente de la
corporation nova poder nombre riyaad ido
el gobierno
now wearing black sends a message and
what other ways are spanish journalists
trying to have their voices heard
for the most part through hashtags among
those trending on hashtag I see stay in
manipular translated as this is how they
manipulate and it was really set up for
Jonas to share their experiences of bias
and the pressures put on them to report
certain stories in certain ways like the
Catalan independence process
then mr. hashtag no cam B's the canal
don't change the channel and that's in
response to the finance ministers recent
suggestion that if people didn't like
our TVs coverage they could simply
switch channels miss Fernandez also told
me that they're hoping to capitalize on
the momentum generated by Spain's recent
feminist strike to help protest issues
of gender inequality at RTB and I should
add there are a lot of male journalists
backing the cause too and there's
another story relating to political
interference that you've been looking
into in Thailand what is happening at
the Bangkok Post the editor in chief has
been forced to step down the Bangkok
Post is one of two english-language
newspapers in the Thai capital and this
past week bhoomesh Pandey who's edited
the papers since 2016 was removed by the
Board of Directors allegedly for
refusing to soften its coverage of the
military government particularly when it
comes to freedom of speech issues and
the delays over long-promised elections
in a written statement
Pandey said when asked to tone down I
did not budge and was blunt and letting
those who make decisions no I'd rather
lose my position than bow my head the
acts finally came down on me the papers
management says pandas departure was
merely a business decision okay thanks
Flo 15 years ago in 2003 false
intelligence reports and a compliant US
news media helps sell Americans on the
idea of invading Iraq
an invasion whose consequences are still
unfolding five years later the New York
Times revealed that part of the media
sales pitch for that invasion had been
scripted by the Pentagon itself in the
person of retired generals that the
military had vetted and trained to
deliver talking points through the news
media pundits were presented as experts
with military experience but an area
mentioned was made of their current jobs
within the military-industrial complex a
salesman for the weapons industry have
the u.s. news media learned from the
Iraq experience it doesn't look that way
cable news coverage of US involvement in
Syria features a phalanx of former
security and intelligence officials some
of the same faces that helped pave the
warpath to Iraq others who have proven
in the past to have a casual
relationship with the facts not that
that seems to bother the news producers
who keep calling them up and providing
them with on-air
platforms the listening-posts will yawn
now on the cable news contributors from
the military and intelligence services
who are still all over the American
airwaves
joining me now net price former CIA
intelligence officer CIA director former
Director of National Intelligence
deputy director of the CIA and retired
US Navy Admiral James stavridis good
morning to all of you with the rise of
cable news networks in the mid-90s there
was a mad scramble to get as many expert
commentators as possible the higher
ranked the better the more medals the
better the fancier title the better they
go out and look for former officials
Colonel Jack Jacobs John McLaughlin of
general officers former CIA directors
former deputy directors General Michael
Hayden John Brennan Michael Morell and
to the network's they feel this is an
authoritative point of view it's a
chilling statement of someone who knows
the things you know that's authenticity
to them that's credibility to them I
know you're very plugged into the
intelligence community this is a
revolving door between folks who were
officials in our national security
apparatus who then have moved out of
that role and are now leveraging or
experience to get media gigs titles that
they gained during their time in public
service have a lot of gravitas and
credibility with the public
every year the polling company Gallup
measures the trust Americans have in
various institutions last year it found
that only 12% of the US public had
confidence in Congress and just 24%
trusted the news delivered on TV
however 72% said they still had
confidence in the US military respect
for ex-military and former intelligence
officials persists despite the many
occasions when their information and
assessments have been proven wrong or
worse false being one of these military
former military officials TV pundits
means never having to say you're sorry
these people have gotten it wrong
repeatedly and they're on the air
forever and general Barry McCaffrey
joins me now
I'm the 15th anniversary of the invasion
of Iraq I'm watching Chris Hayes
interviewing barry mccaffrey and Hayes
didn't say hey 15 years ago you were on
the same channel and everything you said
about why we had to invade Iraq was
wrong
john mclaughlin john mclaughlin is
former acting director of the CIA he's a
regular on MSNBC he was involved in
giving the phoney intelligence to the
White House that led to the invasion of
Iraq he's involved in torture after all
the president-elect did say some pretty
nasty things about the CIA now he's the
moral figure weighing in on Trump
I'll joining me now it's the former
Director of National Intelligence James
clapper
with James clapper here's a person who
literally perjured himself in front of
Congress talking about mass surveillance
on the US public he also has said on TV
before that Russians are typically
almost genetically driven to be devious
and sinister and meddling in world
affairs obviously that sort of DNA he
doesn't believe is inherent to Americans
of course let alone the fact that his
entire job was about gathering
intelligence on foreign nations add to
the list Mike Morell who during his
tenure as former CIA deputy director
oversaw torture he now uses his media
platform to justify it and former
director of the NSA
Michael Hayden he headed the digital spy
agency while at wiretapped millions of
US citizens without a warrant news
networks appear to have remarkably short
memories providing platforms for men
like these despite their tarnished
records
what's more they seem frightening ly
unconcerned with the interests and
organizations these figures represent
right now who they're working for
and in effect lobbying for on the air
Mike Morell former acting director of
the CIA you see him on CBS all the time
those people operated under the
president's direction with the approval
of the Attorney General who said this is
legal it wasn't torture he's in this
group called the Alliance for securing
democracy which is a mesh of the
obama-clinton foreign policy leadership
with the neoconservatives that got us
into the invasion of Iraq and started
this whole mess joining us now is
General Michael Hayden former director
of the CIA and NSA under president
george w bush
Michael Hayden he is now a principal at
the Chertoff group which is a strategic
advisory firm to the defense industry
they advise companies on how to get
contracts with the US government among
other things former CIA director John
Brennan who is now an NBC News senior
national security and intelligence
analyst John Brennan who's very recently
the CIA director under President Obama
now a paid contributor for NBC and is an
advisor to a cybersecurity firm
Putin was the person who authorized the
interference in our election media has a
responsibility to viewers to make sure
that they know where this commentary is
coming from and so far I've just done a
very poor job unless you happen to be
watching Fox News these pro security
pundits are almost universally anti
President Trump that helps them the
agencies they used to work for and the
networks to present themselves as the
responsible resistance to the White
House but where these former military
security and intelligence personnel
agree with Trump's policies tells us a
lot about where their resistance ends
and their ideology begins take strikes
on Syria for example or Trump's choice
of Gina
spell as incoming director of the CIA
you saw a parade on cable news of former
CIA officials talking about how great at
her job she was remember she oversaw
torture and is part of the exact same
military intelligence complex that has
been doing rendition torturing people
all of the networks rely on former CIA
officials former directors Leon Panetta
John Brennan former deputy directors
Mike Morell former executive assistants
like Jeremy bash and every one of them
has supported
spell just the other day 109 generals
and admirals issued a strong statement
against confirming gina has spell
why aren't they appearing on television
and great numbers general March what
advantage does aircraft adding aircraft
into the mix give you when it comes to
strikes on Syria we see the same thing
former military officials talking about
how efficient and how effective the
military is these are people talking
about a sector that they respect and
they will always respect but it
increases the capabilities of multiple
attack angles going against targets in
Syria
so therefore war crimes are never talked
about civilian casualties are never
talked about 15 years ago manipulated
intelligence under complicit media
helped justify the invasion of Iraq as
the Iraq war became a catastrophe and
spawned Isis media talked up terrorism
as global threat number one now it's
Russia audiences appear to have learned
their lesson since 2003 trust and TV
news has hit all-time lows and yet today
the same news channels and many of the
same contributors are on a war footing
once again the only thing that's changed
is it's gotten a little more intense
because CNN and MSNBC the allegedly
liberal channels think that by bringing
on these former military and
intelligence brass that's the way to
show up try when you allow the military
brass to come on night after night and
never have to debate as it normalizes
what we call the military-industrial
complex and I would call it a
military-industrial media complex
finally the role of state-owned media in
the creation of a cult of personality
the former Soviet state of Turkmenistan
has no independent media they're all
government controlled its president guru
Bangu li birdy mohammed off was
re-elected to a third term last year
with 97 percent of the vote funny how
that works
judging from the videos posted online
the latest of which appeared this past
week better the Mohammed off is part
president part action hero his skills
apparently include marksmanship
knife-throwing rally car racing
songwriting and DJ the 60 year old would
be commando does it all without a speck
of gray in his hair and without a hint
of his previous profession before he
answered his higher political calling he
was a dentist we'll see you next time
here at The Listening coast
Oh
yeah
kitchen
you
