the burning frustration of the
Palestinians the Arab League calls for
an international criminal investigation
into Israeli killings in Gaza and
leaders of the Muslim world meet in
Turkey but Palestinians don't think
enough is being done to end their plight
are they right
this is inside story
hello and welcome to the program I'm
Mohammed Jim Jim their aim is to send a
message of solidarity to the Palestinian
people and to focus on their plight
leaders of the Muslim world met in
Turkey for an extraordinary summit of
the Organization of Islamic Cooperation
the meeting in Istanbul coincided with
the Arab League calling for an
international criminal investigation
into the killing of dozens of
Palestinians in Gaza by Israeli soldiers
oh I see representatives for more than
50 muslim-majority nations were at the
turkey summit despite the sense of unity
many Palestinians don't fully embrace
the support their levels of frustration
have risen yet again believing Arab
leaders are not doing enough to confront
Israel and the United States we'll get
to our guests in a moment but first
Hashem mahesvara reports the
israeli-palestinian conflict has shaped
Arab politics for decades
the defeat of Arab armies in 1948 was a
defining moment the man at the NASA came
to power in Egypt stating his goal was
to liberate Palestine
although the message from the second
president of Egypt galvanized people in
the region Arab armies suffered another
setback in 1967 do us any good they're
standing by the Israelis did they do
anything for us nothing we are here some
died some live some go to jails halima
Notley a refugee who was expelled from
her village 70 years ago is one of many
palestinians who say Arab countries
abandon them as Egyptian regional
influence started to wane following its
defeat in the 1967 war Jordan stepped in
Palestinians doubt the Kingdom will be
able to challenge a recent American push
to broker a new peace deal they fear the
deal may exclude refugees from the right
of return to their ancestral land and -
hopes of making occupied East Jerusalem
the capital of the future Palestinian
state what's the deal of the century
it's all about buying us with money now
Jordan is almost
on board same with Egypt only
Palestinians rejected it and they are
brushing us to agree to the deal as
Egyptian and Jordanian influence in the
region shrank Saudi Arabia took over
tapping into vast oil wealth the kingdom
has become a major influence in the
Middle East in 2002 the Saudis offered
Arab recognition of Israel in exchange
for full withdrawal from occupied
territories and East Jerusalem is not
that priority it's their own regimes
existence being the monarchy in Saudi
Arabia or the the Sisi government and
they're willing to make compromises and
deals to ensure their longevity in Gaza
Israeli snipers have killed unarmed
Palestinians protesting a very
imprisonment in the strip sealed off
from Egypt and Israel Palestinians
blamed the world for largely turning its
back on their plight Palestinians have
lost hope Arab leaders will ever stand
up against the US administration and
Israel they're also concerned divisions
and instability in the region undermine
their chances to establish a Palestinian
state and ensure refugees return home
Harshman baba al jazeera Beirut
let's bring in our guests in Doha with
me is Ibrahim Freya hat associate
professor in international conflict
resolution at the Doha Institute for
graduate studies in Istanbul is a model
by a columnist and political commentator
on the Middle East and in Washington DC
via Skype is Khalil Josh an executive
director of the Arab center of
Washington and a Middle East analyst now
Ibrahim I want to start with you more
and more Palestinians have been
expressing their frustration with Arab
leadership when it comes to voicing
support for the Palestinian cause I
guess the question is did it take more
than 60 people being killed in one day
in Gaza for Arab leaders to find their
voice well actually it did not start
with 60 people that they were killed in
Gaza it started before with with the
Trump announcement of Jerusalem as
capital of Israel and moving the
American Embassy to from Tel Aviv to
Jerusalem so the Arab reaction to that
was below expectations and was extremely
disappointing for the Palestinians and
for the entire region
and for that reason I think why we are
seeing the Palestinians taking things on
their own their own hands because they
are more and more realizing if they do
not defend the Palestine if they do not
defend Jerusalem then Arab rulers are
not going to do so right after the
announcement of the Donald Trump - mo
Duru Salim as capital of Israel there
was a call for an urgent Arab summit to
be held and you know for the Arabs to
take a position but unfortunately I
can't you like Saudi Arabia refused to
do so and refused to have that urgent
summit I think are plural rulers they
are mostly careful or mostly aware only
about their own regime survival
Palestine is no longer a priority for
them the political equation in the
region has changed they want to see Iran
being placed as the
major or the source of the threat for
their own regimes and for that reason
they want to replace the Palestine as
has always been the central issue for
the for the Arabs in the region to place
it on Iran and to divert the whole
attention to Aaron and that's why we are
not seeing enough attention from Arab
regimes responding to the development in
Palestine clear from your perspective
how much of this can be attributed
directly to the extremely close ties
between US president Donald Trump and
the government of Saudi Arabia I'm not
sure it's Donald Trump personally as
much as the apparent kind of conceiving
by these regimes of the fact that the
the survival of the regime the result
that depends on their bilateral relation
with the United States as a country I
think that's what contributes to all
these factors that my colleague Bream
just accurately described whether it's
the survival of the regime or basically
the way they perceive threats as coming
at them from the region from
particularly Iran at this time and and
their kind of consumption that that the
the they only conceived that the u.s. is
the only country that can help them with
that so that I think is playing a key
role and in terms of that the the wave
of condemnation we have seen that Prime
referred to is not only deficient in
terms of the volume but also in terms of
the content we we are not seeing any
serious degree of intensity and of focus
with regards to all these statements
whether we heard them from individual
countries leading countries in the
region or from the Arab League or the
Organization of Islamic Conference so
the Palestinians find themselves today
as no one end victimized by the Israeli
brutality on the other hand
totally ignored inundated with with the
statements of sympathy but nothing
practical at all to end their misery
muhammad khaleel just mentioned the Arab
League and the OIC of course the Arab
League met on Thursday they condemned
what happened in Gaza they condemned the
move of the US Embassy to Jerusalem of
course the OIC has met in Turkey can we
expect much to happen after these
meetings took place to say the least a
the Arabs are complicit in what's
happening in Jerusalem in Gaza they are
on the same food with the Donald Trump
and Benjamin Netanyahu it's again the
new dynamics of the Middle East it's the
headache that has been caused by the
Palestinian goes to the palace to the
Arab world and they especially the Gulf
countries now they think it's time to
get rid of this headache once and for
all and you know like now we are talking
about the new absurdity of this era
which is a coalition a Sunni coalition
including Israel to fight the hegemony
or their over expansionist policies of
Iran in the region disregarding or the
withdrawal of the United States from the
nucular deal is still very relevant to
what we're talking about now the
Palestinians are by themselves they do
not trust anybody as halima they when in
the report you've see started with the
program she said we're dying and none of
the Arabs have held us here in Turkey
president saber Duan is trying to at
least give them some hope because he
says what's going on with everybody the
international community in action they
are unable just to condemn what's going
on it's a pure massacre and the
international media is still speaking
about clashes and violence between the
Israelis and the Palestinians it was
civilians who were killed by the
Israelis it's a massacre no more than
this and you know the irony they are the
Indian I'll do a living head
is the Arab world is not saying any word
the formal Arab world even the popular
as well
Ibrahim how concerned most countries
like Saudi Arabia Egypt and Jordan be
about the prospect of these protests in
Gaza continuing well I think this is
there is a very important point here to
be made which is if this continues
actually this is going to put these
regimes in confrontation with their own
people and this is I think what most of
these regimes fear the most their own
people because as my colleagues also
said you know there is a coalition is
being formed very absurd coalition over
Sydney with Israel with Donald Trump
trying to reshape the politics of the
region with no with no support on the
ground on the public level to such weird
coalition's that are being made these
collisions are made by individuals by
individual rulers you know that they are
entering into this kind of arrangements
thinking that they can easily reshape
the politics of the region this is not
going to happen
Penniston has always been central for
the entire past century for the entire
Arab region yes there are important
things that come up you know over that
came up over the past century but always
Palestine went back and made headlines
Palestine is in the hearts and minds of
the public of the people so if these in
the region so if these crashes or if
these protests of this you know
massacres continue I think this is going
to add the tremendous pressures on those
regimes you know to do something because
you cannot or the public cannot
reconcile to have Palestinians are being
slaughtered by these massacres in in
Paris and while at the same time you
know seeing their rulers are being in
bed with the Israeli government with
Netanyahu and with others it's so
difficult and this is going to lead you
know to to a confrontation you know
between the two sides and for that
reason I think
the Arab Laurel rulers will try to bring
can into this and try to stop it before
it continues and let's not forget that
the entire region is surviving you know
a huge sharp polarization between
different countries and the absence
unfortunately of some major central Arab
countries have led to the situation
where we are now at the moment Khalil
you know you heard you bro-heem just now
speaking about alliances that are being
made between some Arab leaders and
Israel that their strategic interests
are being more and more aligned now I
was in the Ramallah in early April when
these comments by Saudi Crown Prince
Mohammed bin Salman came out in which he
said that Israel has a right to a
homeland that really sent shockwaves
through a lot of the Palestinian
communities people that I was speaking
with in Ramallah of course it was just a
couple of days later that Saudi King
said man seemed to kind of walk back
those comments he said of course that
the Saudis stood steadfastly behind the
Palestinians and their desire for a
Palestinian state capital in East
Jerusalem so I want to ask you just how
shocking were those comments and I want
to ask you about what you believe is
happening that right now between Saudi
Arabia and Israel these statements that
you refer to and you witness the
reaction personally have been very
shocking actually to the Palestinians
and and they are not just to the
Palestinians they are actually shocking
to even some of the population of Saudi
Arabia itself it's very important I
think to explain a little bit what
brahim just referred to in terms of the
contradiction between official Arab
perspectives there over the official
positions of these governments and the
gap that separates that from public
opinion the Arab opinion index conducted
by the Arab Center for Research and
policy studies in in in Doha our
colleagues in in Doha was just completed
for this past year and and when you see
public opinion considering the issue of
Palestine as their number one cause
their number one issue reaching in some
countries 90% on a 90th percentile
support in some countries maybe 80 in
some countries 70 but
at least two-thirds of Arab public
opinion throughout the Arab world still
perceives the Palestine question as
their number one cause the number one
issue and that is not reflected in the
statements we have seen or in the
policies we have witnessed most recently
with regards to Palestine now it
behooves countries like Saudi Arabia to
explain that gap between the statements
made by the crown prince and the
statement made by his dad on the other
hand and the statement just actually
approved by the cabinet this week two
days ago that the Saudi cabinet meeting
in in Riyadh was very very unequivocal
in terms of its support for the
Palestinian cause and its foreign
minister just yesterday Adel jubeir
reiterated the fact that the Palestine
question is the number one issue for the
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and that is not
reflected in its relationship either
with the United States condemning the
moving of the embassy condemning the
change of US policy visibly Jerusalem
condemning the level of violence that
the Israelis are using and supported and
justified by the United States by this
administration is is not enough
condemnation is no longer valid
convincing or credible not on the
political level and definitely not on
the moral level so it behooves these
countries not just Saudi Arabia I don't
want to single just Saudi Arabia all
Arab countries for that matter and all
Muslim countries because frankly they
have all of them collectively they have
not risen to the level of the
seriousness of this crisis and this is
going to come back and haunt them in the
near future if they do not adjust to
that with regards to your earlier
question definitely there is an attempt
for a new version of rapprochement with
this current administration the Trump
administration and finding basically a
common ingredient and enmity toward Iran
that's fine I fully understand the
concerns that some of these countries
have is a V Iran and Iranian
interventions in the region but that
doesn't justify marginalizing
the Palestine issue the number-one issue
of the Arab people throughout the Arab
world but I want to ask you about some
reports that have emerged in the past
few days that a senior member of Hamas
as political bureau said during a TV
interview this week that 50 of the 62
people killed by Israeli soldiers during
clashes in Gaza on Monday were members
of Hamas now there's been some
controversy about these remarks some
other members of Hamas have spoken to
the media and said that these remarks
were misconstrued others have said that
this these kind of remarks you know
really only help Israel to justify their
actions where does this take the
argument at this stage well the argument
is very for everybody watching the
Palestinian you know what's happening on
a in Gaza in particular knows that these
people were civilians and they've talked
to the streets just to return just to
protest against the the siege that has
been imposed for more than 11 years now
they're not asking for too much they're
asking for the right to return to the
land that they have been forcibly
evicted from then this place from 70
years ago it's a peaceful protest
none of the Israelis have been harmed
and they did not pose any kind of threat
to the Israeli soldiers but still the
Israelis the snipers they were shooting
them deliberately and after that drawing
on the camera and putting this posting
this on social media the ambassador here
in Turkey was asked in a program here in
Istanbul what will you do why did they
do that and he said an investigation
will be opened and we will see the
result but none of these investigations
have been opened and we didn't hear from
him he was expelled from Turkey so it's
a vicious circle that the Israeli
occupation is trying to show that the
civilians even Lieberman you just think
about it come on think of Lieberman the
Defense Minister of the United a Israeli
occupation is saying that there are no
victims in there are no innocent people
in Gaza that's what he said back to the
politics of it you know
Netanyahu is saying no state solution
Jerusalem is not on the table so do you
pushing the Palestinians to be more
desperate looking for any kind of
solution and that's what they're doing
defending their land and rights but
they're a you know like naked all their
bare hands alright Ibrahim look we
talked a lot about Palestinian anger
toward Arab leadership but what about
Palestinian anger toward Palestinian
leadership when I was in Gaza in 2016
when I was speaking to ordinary
Palestinians of Gaza they were talking
about how angry they were with
Palestinian leadership whenever I've
been to the mullah I hear much the same
people disenchanted and not trusting
their leadership
where does Palestinian leadership stand
in all of this right now well thank you
very much because this is really
important that we do not put all the
blame on the Arab leaders despite all
what they're doing of ignoring the whole
issue but also the Palestinian
leadership there's a major
responsibility for this
unfortunately the Palestinian division
between Fatah and Hamas has seriously
harmed the Palestinian cause and
actually did it give kind of an excuse
for Arab leaders to say that look you
know the Palestinians themselves are
divided you know so when they end their
division then we probably can do
something
there is absolutely no justification for
the Palestinian leadership is to have
this division that harmed you know that
the Palestinian cause and where the
Palestinian people stand strongly
against it for the past ten years and
not only this it's not only about the
Fatah Hamas decision it's about the
absence of a serious Palestinian
strategy of how to move forward in
dealing or and responding to the
aggressive Netanyahu government policies
to our Palestine there is no Palestinian
strategy unfortunately a best only
strategy is negotiate forever and this
is this works perfectly with the Israeli
strategy of just keep negotiating
forever
until we change facts on the ground in
Jerusalem in settlements and and all of
that
while there is no Palestinian strategy
clear so the absence Palestinians have
to take the leadership and then the Arab
leaders or the Arab countries should
support but but in the absence of a
serious Palestinian strategy and absence
of a serious Palestinian project to lead
and to propose and to show the way
forward and how to respond to the
Israeli government policies I think the
Arabs will take advantage of that
terribly ders and that's why we are not
seeing serious pressure on that level
you know under Arab leaders when we
remember how the situation was during
yes irrelevant when yes Arafat had a
vision had a project he we saw a whole
different reaction from Arab leaders but
we lack this charisma of Arafat today
and the strategy and the vision in order
to lead the way forward
and to put the pressure on Arab leaders
to follow clearly we don't have too much
time left before we run out of time I
want to ask you to build a little bit on
what Ibrahim was saying there
specifically when it comes to Hamas what
kind of pressure specifically is Hamas
under at the moment tremendous pressure
I think Hamas is facing an existential
crisis today and its future politically
at least is at stake
look let me very blunt I mean time is
limited but let me say this there are
four parties that are guilty to
producing the inhumane conditions in
Gaza today definitely Israel for laying
siege since oh six - the strip and
causing this humanitarian crisis whereby
international organizations including
the UN declared that the strip in
uninhabitable in in a year or two that
cannot be forgiven second of course one
cannot deny the fact that the
Palestinians have something to do with
this and the Egyptians also the
Egyptians just announced that for
Ramadan they are opening the basically
the passage between Gaza and and an
Egypt why should that be close to start
with I mean is this like a special
Ramadan practice that for twenty thirty
days
we open up the Rafah message and the
rest of the year we punish cousins and
and third the Palestinians themselves
whether the PA in Ramallah or Hamas
Hamas has failed to govern and to change
the situation in and they they were in
control totally within the Gaza Strip
and they have failed to do that and and
Fatah in Ramallah the PA has totally
also failed and as a matter of fact were
contributing to the siege of Gaza by
punishing if you will the population of
Gaza
that's demonstrating now at the border
with with Israel condemning this
inhumane situation they find themselves
in so there is plenty of blame to of
blame to spread across the divide here
to cover all these parties speaking
frankly all right we've run out of time
so we're gonna have to leave it there
thank you gentlemen for joining us
thanks to our guest Abraham Freya
hot-rodded barai and Holly Josh on and
thank you too for watching you can see
the program again any time by visiting
our website aljazeera.com and for
further discussion go to our Facebook
page that's facebook.com forward slash
AJ inside story you can also join the
conversation on twitter our handle is at
aj inside story from me Mohammed Jim Jim
and the whole team here bye for now
you
you
