a nighttime raid an extraordinary halt
police carted away 284 boxes containing
luxury handbags and 72 bags stuffed with
cash and jewelry this was just one raid
at two former prime minister and his
wife
Najib is implicated in a corruption
scandal involving the state investment
fund 1mdb
billions of dollars is alleged to have
been stolen from the fund a civil
lawsuit filed by the US Department of
Justice alleges up to 30 million dollars
was used to buy expensive jewelry for
not chips wife no chip denies committing
any crime and investigations by
Malaysian police and the Attorney
General have cleared him the newly
elected government led by Prime Minister
Mahathir Mohamad says there's enough
evidence to reopen the investigations in
a wealthy suburb in Kuala Lumpur a
police cordon restricts access to one of
my chips properties police affinity no
chips home since their raid on Wednesday
night they've seized more than $100,000
in cash as well as luxury watches and
dozens of designer handbags police are
also searching the former Prime
Minister's office and his official
residence documents related to 1mdb have
been seized by detectives while the
search for evidence goes on Najib and
his wife have been barred from leaving
the country
Florence lui al Jazeera Kuala Lumpur
