Oh
it's been a historic week in Malaysian
politics a shock election result saw the
ruling party kicked out of office after
more than 60 years in power Mahathir
Mohamad a 92 year old is the country's
new prime minister for now but the
leader in waiting is Malaysia's most
famous political prisoner unwire Ibrahim
I'm Joe Ambrose on this episode of 101
East we speak to unruhe Abraham and ask
what is Malaysia's political future
the crowds are out in force to see
unlike Ibrahim who for so long has been
behind bars he was given a royal pardon
just hours before and released from
custody
the once high-flying politician is
finally back in public and back in the
political arena would still be
languishing in jail if it wasn't for a
stunning election result in Malaysia one
that saw a seemingly untouchable Prime
Minister Najib Razak rejected by voters
and now banned from leaving the country
Najib now faces an investigation into
his role in a multi-billion dollar
corruption scandal if found guilty he
could face a potential prison sentence
of his iron in his nine years in power
Najib kept a tight grip on the country
his opponents accused him of controlling
the media and the judiciary and brutally
targeting critics
Anwar and the new coalition government
promised to change all that now there's
a new dawn for Malaysia and I thank the
people of Malaysia regardless of race
and religion who stood by the principles
of democracy and freedom they demand
change and it is our duty now to ensure
that this mandate given to Pakistan
harapan would honor this commitment the
new government is led by Mahathir
Mohamad no stranger to Malaysian
politics he was the country's autocratic
Prime Minister for more than two decades
he's now back after 15 years in
retirement
maha tia and Anwar have a checkered
history when maha Tia was first Prime
Minister Anwar was his deputy and likely
successor until they had a bitter
falling-out
maha Tia called him morally unfit to
govern the country
Anwar was sacked and then jailed on
sodomy and corruption charges after five
years in jail he made an incredible
political recovery emerging as the
leader of a revitalized opposition only
to be jailed again in 2015 for sodomy
charges while Najib was prime minister
then in an extraordinary turnaround his
former foe Maha Tia swapped sides and
joined forces with Anwar we have the
same objective we and this object is
very very important very serious it
outweighs our previous problem with each
other United they achieved what seemed
impossible defeating Najib's government
at the polls Malaysians voted for
political change for the first time
since independence and while watch the
election results unfold from the prison
hospital one of Maha Tia's first moves
was to secure his freedom after
receiving a full partner unwell left the
hospital ward for an audience with the
king
now cleared of all wrongdoing his
political career has been resurrected
yet again
maha tia promises to hand over power to
him within two years as Malaysia faces a
new dawn will earn while finally rise to
lead his country a day after his release
we sat down with unwire Ibrahim thank
you very very much for making the time
to speak to 101's we really appreciate
that blazer
thank you dr. creo my Hebrew him thank
you very much for joining us on 101 aced
um welcome home how does it feel to be a
free man
great as I've said only when when
experienced incarceration would one
really appreciate freedom or one earlier
period like one colonized and then
become free here you are completely cut
off from the outside world you did a
deal to work with Dr Mahathir Mohamad
the man who sacked you jailed you and
called you morally unfit to govern how
can you trust him but that was 20 years
ago
things have passed and there are some
considerations to protect to save the
country from endemic corruption sliding
downwards he came and saw some sort of
reconciliation make amends so is a
Muslim as human being taken in a
positive life
firstly who by now how I come you know
it is always that principle that anyone
must make peace with you you should
accept in the right spirit but can we
trust the way you took time there's a
very painful decision established I told
it in fact in our meetings I used to
tell him you know I used to call him doc
doctor but never called him told you
know very very tough very difficult and
it more difficult for the family to but
we have accepted and we he has also
proven
mental he was consistent here call for
my release he facilitated the process of
release which of course purposes just
technical is true but then he did
facility so I think I've no reason not
to trust are you willing to do a deal
with anyone to regain power the
principle is the agenda if one is
committed to the for once committed to
end injustice once committed to ensure
that to stop cronyism and oppression the
messes then Who am I and wha
as a person or should decide or dictate
there is the people and it is in the
last transformation as as we have seen
is that the people know even Maha there
or on one or the parties is the people
then suddenly realize it's time to
change from this obsolete corrupt order
to new independent government and and
the wise thing the militias have done is
to translate into votes they were quiet
not people not certain with their moves
they seem to be quite ordinary but they
were wise when it comes to taking the
necessary step
Malaysia's use brought this new alliance
to power you're 70 years old
maja tyr is 92 the world's oldest leader
is there no one else who can lead
Malaysia into the future but there are
very many competing youth young leaders
that were disposal I mentioned tomorrow
day we need they need to be given the
position exposure opportunity in our
party the justice party kadhalan and you
find that the majority of the leaders
vice presidents and key leaders all
young but we see the same old faces
including dime saya Newton who you
accused of being the most corrupt man in
Malaysia what's new about this
government well he's
the appointed on an advisory capacity
there's mother's decision he has some
ideas on economic management has proven
himself but I have a caution publicly I
say look you can give ideas but be
mindful of the scandals and the
corruption of the past a lot of these
voices are from the past it's fair to
say they aren't new voices no no but
I've said it publicly because it's not
easy for other leaders to say I said I
can I take this modest decision okay we
can't see but we must be you must remind
diam and the leadership that these his
ideas has got to be su colonized
carefully to make sure that he does not
repeat the excesses of the past former
prime minister najib razak private
residence has been raided you have
accused his government of financial
corruption of weakening the constitution
of corrupting the judiciary are Najib's
crimes forgivable well let the due
process takes place i said his crime in
terms of unjust incarceration and using
all the institutions against me that i
am not going to so are you encouraged to
say what is happening in recent days
with the right yeah but in terms of the
investigations and the possible
referring of charge by the general there
to accept people ask me do you need to
do it did the wee hours in the morning I
said I would do differently but this the
practice in this country and I think we
need to adjust a bit you speak of a new
dawn in Malaysia
that's racially inclusive however the
top five positions in your new
government are dominated by one race do
you think this is the right start the
majority racist is
Malays exceed 60% but the portfolio the
key before you is given to a Chinese the
finance minister but but I think the
important point here is to show that
these leaders are Malaysians finance
ministers Chinese by his a Malaysian who
tinkle a combination who is there to
protect the interest of the Malaysian
economy and the Malaysian people we got
level of race are you in my life first
or a Malaysian first there is no to me
there's no contradiction if you ask me
I'm a Muslim pursue medicine first and
belief as I'm Emily I'm a Muslim and
Malaysian I am an Asian I am an
internationally said that I I'm I mean a
practicing Muslims I still consider
Shakespeare as a genius international
genius I associate myself largely to
Shakespeare's works in thinking it does
not erode my belief nor my culture nor
my state or nation is there a clear plan
of succession between you and dr. mahat
you know people I mentioned one year
some say I wonder how some say to when
they might discuss you with him he does
not insist on this sort of a clear
timeframe and I wanted him to be just
comfortable I just say you just I mean
manage the affairs of this nation I need
time and it but to break a while to be
the family particularly when Aziza is
now the Deputy Prime Minister and then I
need to then fulfil my speaking
engagements and in the Muslim world also
need to hear the voice of reason of
democratic transition and democratic
accountability but given the past
shouldn't you have a clear arrangement
between both of you I'm not insisting
and he is not even pursuing these issues
I I just had a long meeting two long
meetings in a week which is you
is of course something which is very
encouraging and that matter does not
crop up I'm free to express my views -
he gave me a good access to meet him and
but of course I said to him probably
after Ramadan I've got to do some travel
- I mean fellowship in etc short spend
outside overseas speaking of that you've
spent your life fighting for your
political career and to have a say in
running this country this is a rare
opportunity to reform there's a lot of
hard work to be done yet you say you
don't want a cabinet position you want
to go on a world speaking tour why don't
you want to have a significant role from
the outset see the entire cabinet is
composed of those vast majority 80% of
those committed to the reform agenda
since 1998 and I think they would do
well immensely in influencing the course
and chart for the future of this nation
Dr Mahathir has repeatedly said that he
needs to undertake these measures and he
has done anti-corruption agencies to be
independent he has complained about the
Election Commission that need to be
independent and fair and essentially
that's what we want now why don't I want
to participate in the cabinet I want him
to have a free hand I don't need to feel
that there's someone just looking across
the shoulder look and in every move it
doesn't make the government rather seem
to be perceived to be stable and he when
I part that people know that though I
know he's just waiting for his turn he's
not clamoring for the post now so at the
moment you will be on a presidential
council a an advisory role what will you
actually do in the current
administration I am technically the I
don't know what the technical term they
joke because descoteaux boom is a
general leader then chairman Amadei then
president has designed so on
they joke is like a Bushido I'm of the
era no it is not it is just a person in
the midst of this leadership council and
by even to this to this week I didn't
attend to this meeting I had the session
with Maha day and I said they can
proceed with the meeting did your
coalition alliance win the election or
did no chips government lose it I think
it's combination both I think to be to
be fair our well friends have worked
hard from the 2008 elections in
particular where the college is formed
and in 2013 we won the majority vote I
mean that's significant in the country
with the fraudulent electoral process
and with the anti system against you and
now I think with the Maha they're adding
into it I think it's a combination but
then the line has been always been
consistently the opposition towards Nagi
your wife is Deputy Prime Minister your
daughter is an MP you were set to become
the next prime minister is this a family
business or are you building your own
political family dynasty well as is as
president the party as we said all right
and my daughter has informed the party
that he/she does not intend to join the
cabinet although she's the most senior
and the deputy president who the
achievements of a state is the most
senior position in the party but she has
declined chatting speaks well of the
relationship and actually once I assume
the Premiership Aziza will then resign
and that that's also the understanding
known although they continue to use
these campaigns can you imagine the
Prime Minister Deputy Prime Minister
husband-wife team which is of course
blatant ally because we have made it
clear once I assume the primacy
as is I will design your wife said she's
keeping the seat warm for you now she is
Deputy Prime Minister is she still a
proxy for you in that position is it
appropriate that the second highest
position in the country is taken up by a
proxy firstly she has placed her at the
party and she led the party in my
absence incarceration which means she
had to handle everything decisions taken
on her own because she could meet me
rarely and even then surrounded by
guards she's not able to discuss
anything substantive which means
therefore she has done it now whether
one is a proxy or not is a matter of
sharing the ideals I don't see that as a
problem at all yes she said she would
certainly want to share the views and
ideals of the party and anima except
eyes if I see go-getters have some money
or some contracts if I said look our IDs
is to show to make sure that you work to
ensure that is the focus isn't the word
for the masses not the cronies and not
the clique elite around the leadership
to make make sure that we end corruption
that's fine with me so she is
necessarily in fact anyone can be a
proxy to protect and implement these
ideas my last question is you've spent
the last several months in hospital are
you fit and able to be prime minister of
this country you I had to undergo
surgical shoulder surgery mostly to have
undergone some surgeries all that I have
a shoulder surgery done and my condition
was because they had to do it and I
refused as I don't trust the system and
they said because there was an offer
from Turkey offer from Georgetown
University Hospital because that's where
I taught in the past
to give in to provide the all the man it
is free I said to the government look
I'm given this but should I deal
surrender my life to you guys then what
came from premises office that no is
purely a hospital and fair the
specialist and I said I will not allow I
mean every day the understanding is that
they will not allow me to be discharged
back to the hospital which editor the
prison which set atrocious living
conditions until I'm fully recovered
that took three on my Abraham thank you
for your time
you
