a week after the election in there it up
there's no official winner some
politicians are crying foul and calling
for a recount but initial results show
one big surprise controversial shy
Authority for the southern making a
political comeback what does this mean
for adopts future this is inside story
hello and welcome to the program I'm
Mohammed Jim Jim the preliminary results
are in but it could take weeks before
official winners are announced in a
redox parliamentary election the delay
has some political leaders claiming
fraud and urging the Election Commission
to have a recount last Saturday's vote
was the first since an adoptee forces
defeated ISIL in 2017 but one political
headline from the poll is certainly
raising eyebrows in the United States
and Iran the coalition led by Shia
cleric souther is emerging as the
front-runner in many of the country's
provinces his victory could complicate a
talks relations with Washington and
Tehran we'll get to our guests in a
moment but first Osama bin Javaid has
this report from Baghdad this has been
the lowest turnout in Iraq in recent
years almost 15% lower than what it was
in 2014 with just over 44 point 5
percent of eligible voters casting their
vote also we've been hearing from the
Iraqi High Election Commission that the
results have been delayed because
they're having problems in more than a
hundred and eighty polling stations
where results have not been compiled
from especially in northern Iraq and
places like Kuk where some election
officials have also been not allowed to
leave their offices and in an in a state
of a similar to a house arrest this is
after the Turkmen and Arabs as well as
some Shia militia members did not agree
with the results did the perceived
results of the elections as soon as
people casted their vote and the
Election Commission came out and gave
out the tally of the voters they've been
asking for a manual recount of the vote
so you have to remember that this is the
first time Iraq used electronic voting
for its election so far what we've been
hearing from various political parties
people who have not been expecting this
kind of result have been saying that
they do not accept these results even
prime minister haider al-abadi saying
that there should be an independent
assessment of some polling booths and
some boxes the ballot boxes and then if
there are any discrepancies the whole
count should be done again so there is a
lot of pressure on the Iraqi High
Election Commission after
to announce results and it has been a
surprised result for many moqtada
al-sadr
a cleric which was not a few years ago
until a few years ago was seen as an
enemy by the United States was fighting
US forces while they were here in Iraq
somebody who has been opposed to both
Iran and the United States in recent
years has seen sweeping victories in at
least six of Iraq's 18 provinces his
party the siren coalition is aligned
with leftist communists as well and it
makes it a very unique composition a
composition which according to many
Iraqi analysts will not be acceptable
for many players including Iran so it is
going to be a complex situation for
Iraqi politics where in the next 15 days
after the election results are announced
and there are no objections raised in
the court the president has to call in a
session and has to elect a leader of the
house and then they can go to where it's
nominating a prime minister but until
that happens some people have been
saying that it could actually take
months before a prime minister is
announced because there is a lot of
political wheeling and dealing which
will happen before a government takes
charge
so who is moqtada al-sadr the son of a
revered Shia cleric he rose to
prominence during the us-led invasion of
Iraq in 2003
the toppled Saddam Hussein souther is
credited with forming the first Shia
militia that fought against US troops
his Maha the Army was blamed for stoking
sectarian violence and killing Sunni
Iraqis in 2006 and 2007 after the Iraqi
government's crackdown on the Mohave
army souther fled to Iran and remained
in self-imposed exile until until 2011
but in recent years he has not just
reinvented himself as an anti-corruption
campaigner he appears to be distancing
himself from Iran let's now get the
thoughts of our guests joining us in
Erbil Judit new link author of the war
of Isis on the road to the Caliphate in
London renaud Mansour Fellow at Chatham
House for Middle East and North Africa
region Renaud is also research fellow at
the American University of Salamanca and
in Tunis is Adel Ali author of the
struggle for Iraq's future and former
advisor to the UN on Iraq a warm welcome
to you all Judith I want to start with
you is most other southern now the
kingmaker in Iraq could very well be and
all depends of course on who is going to
be able to form the biggest coalition
because we have seen in 2003 until 2010
that it's very possible that not the
person who gets the most votes or the
block that gets the most votes is
actually going to form the government
that is going to be the coalition that
is the biggest and that's what at the
moment is going on in Baghdad parties
are trying to make together a coalition
that's going to be the biggest which is
not easy because there's so many small
parties that came out of this out of
these elections said you've written that
even though this election has been
surprising that it hasn't signaled major
changes why is that well because the end
result will be very similar to what your
what your previous guest just alluded to
is right that we're going to have a
government formation process there's
going to be a long negotiation process
and in the end it's inevitable that what
we're going to have is
to have a government that will be
composed of a coalition between four or
five major alliances and it's important
to note that the winners or the three or
four major winners or best performers in
these elections are parties they're
coalition's so the asylum which is led
by mattel Assad isn't a party it's a
coalition the same thing applies to
Fatah Ã©xito etc then each of these
coalition's will will join together with
other coalition's to form a coalition
government so it's a coalition
government that will be made up of other
coalition's and you can just imagine the
substantive incoherence that's going to
be involved they won't be able to agree
to a coherent political program they
were not going to be able to deliver on
the immediate changes that Iraqis are
clearly asking for and clearly need and
it's going to lead to more
disappointment it's practically 'no
because even if the four largest
coalitions grouped together i managed to
reach an agreement they would have a
bare majority in parliament would be
barely able to support their program
whatever it is so inevitably even those
four coalition's aren't going to be
enough they would have to apply ally
themselves with other smaller
coalition's it's it's going to be a mess
Renaud what are the primary reasons for
most of us others success thus far in
this election cycle I think there are
two primary reasons the first one and I
know there's been a lot of attention but
I think deserving so the voter turnout
being sort of as low as it was in fact
higher than many Iraqis actually would
have expected is an indication of the
the divide between the citizen and the
the leader or the ruler and the in the
world and so many of the parties and
coalition's were just unable to convince
the Iraqi electorate that this time
around they would get it right that they
would fight corruption within itself
would mean they'd have to fight
themselves because they've all been part
of the corrupt elite as they they all
admit so it was hard for them to
convince the citizen that they were sort
of ready to fight corruption and to
fight themselves now the reason why I
saw they did as well as he did I think
it's important to note that actually
compared to the previous election as
we've seen he hasn't actually won that
more votes but because of the lower
turnout with his opponents losing more
out of the lower turnout he's been able
to get let's say twenty or so more seats
or maybe a bit less than that why
because first uh if you look at the sort
of pre-election mobilization strategies
his coalition is high ruin with really
the only ones that presented the most
amount of new faces not that many elite
that not that many current or former
ministers really trying to get that kind
of fresh start more importantly I think
what you've seen since 2012 is muqtada
so there's group really trying to bring
about change in 2012 they tried a
no-confidence motion against the new
prime minister denoted Maliki in two
thousand six sixteen they stormed the
Green Zone they stormed the Parliament
calling for a change and then this time
around there was also these times for
change so I think Zaid is absolutely
right not much change will come from the
electoral process in Iraq but out of all
the candidates perhaps lenders were the
ones who actually thought that they were
the ones who had demonstrated a
willingness to change in the past
Judy I I saw you nodding along toward
renaud was saying there so I wanted to
ask you if you if you had a reply to
what he was saying and also you know to
touch on something he was discussing
just then you know we saw in 2016 most
other souther I had urged his followers
to go to the Green Zone you know to go
into Parliament to protest corruption is
there any leader in a talk right now
that can mobilize such a popular
response yeah this is a very important
point this is one of the reasons why the
Communists started to go into a
coalition with moqtada other because of
the millions that he can get onto the
streets within a day and there is no
other party that can do that even though
they might have support because of the
fight against Isis this is this is not
possible and this is also something that
they will have to remember when they are
making a coalition because if they make
a coalition that is not going to include
southern that's not going to keep its
promises on change on having new faces
having an end to corruption having jobs
end of poverty all those very important
issues in Iraq at the mall
then it won't take long before our
solder is back to the streets because in
in in his in his grains he is a protest
animal he is the one that goes to the
street and protests the government as he
has done in in the past look at how he
started in 2003 he protested the
American occupation so he will keep on
doing that that having said it's also
going to be the big problem that he
faces because and we've seen that a lot
in in Iraq those that were in opposition
those that were protesting what are they
going to do when they get to the to the
to the Parliament and to the power
themselves are they going to be able to
actually make the change
Zaid you heard Judith there talked about
in feathers others protests in 2003 of
the American occupation and now it off I
mean of course you know the Madi army
militia led to uprisings against US
forces many US military personnel
believe that you know that weather is
directly responsible for the deaths of
many US troops now what does this do you
know this election results thus far to
the Iraq the u.s. relationship well I
mean so mother subtle isn't just said to
be responsible for the death of US
troops he's said to be responsible for
the deaths of many Iraqis including many
prominent Iraqis including the the sons
and family members are very prominent
Shia families as well and that's worth
noting as well in terms of internal
Iraqi politics it's it makes things very
complicated too but at the same time
even setting aside in order to stuff
that's possible everything that happened
from 2003 to 2008 over the past ten
years so that has been very consistent
in his rhetoric and in the methods that
he's employed employed no one really
knows it's at least it's unclear to me
whether or not it's genuine but the face
value and it appears to me that
regardless of what happened back in 2003
although a 2008 today we have a cypress
movement that's very different to what
it was 10 years ago and in the end
when the new government is formed it
will contain elements that will be very
favorable to the United States it will
also contain elements they'll be very
favorable children those things are
inevitable so in terms of Suthers
relationship or the future government's
relationship with the United States or
Iran and so and so forth
I don't expect there to be any major
issues everyone will come to terms with
the new government unless someone unless
one of the coalition's decides to adopt
an aggressive exclusionary attitude but
I don't foresee that as being possible
or not I want to get your take on this
what do you think the US must be
thinking right now well to a large
extent the the discourse and what
southern has been saying for the last
few years actually isn't that far off
from what the Americans would want in
Iraq they would want Iran not to have
that much of an influence in Iraq and
you know such was protesting Iran out
out kind of fits along to that so there
was four call to end the kind of Mojave
system and that sort of splitting up
dividing of the National apple-pie if
you will in Iraq he you know he the US
might also be part of that the u.s.
might want that so there is a history
there and and and you know a jurist an
American it's hard to see them sitting
on the same table together but they do
kind of cooperate indirectly through
proxies Europeans and others there's
been a few diplomats recently who have
visited most of this other and so you
know I mean I think what's important to
note here is it's in the early 2000s
look at that someone who's very close to
the Iraqi street so he understood during
the u.s. occupation that the number one
enemy was the sort of with the Americans
and I'm not trying to obviously excuse
this behavior but he kind of pushed that
line but in more recent years what the
Iraqi street has been demanding is a
change in the system and moving away
from Iranian power in Iraq and so he
just kind of adopts the new message and
kind of wants to push that message out
of all the leaders that you've had since
2003 I think he's understood the street
much better or not let me follow up what
you're saying because you mentioned
diplomacy that Sutter has been engaged
in there were a lot of people across the
Arab world that were really shocked last
year was July of 2017 when most other
ice other went to Saudi Arabia
at the invitation of the leadership
there and he met with Saudi Crown Prince
Mohammed bin Salman now we're talking at
one point in this show about us rocky
relationship were talking about Iranian
a rocky relationship what about the
Saudi Iraq II relationship and what this
means for that well I think very clearly
the Saudis have realized that to have
influence in Iraq doesn't necessarily
mean only supporting the Sunnis and that
this area Samson the Assumption sorry
that Iraqi Shia eyes are in line to
Iranian Shias because of sheer ISM is is
is a farce and so the Saudis have opened
up to both haider al-abadi and some of
the Dawa party members but also to
Sutter because they realized this trend
amongst Iraqi Shias which is moving away
from let's say Iranian hegemony and kind
of a reaction to Iran's influence in
Iraq so the Saudis realized this and the
suggested to and they reached out I
don't think that southern has any
problem with diplomatic relations with
any country but he does have a problem
with is for any country to interference
in the affairs of his country alright
Judith I want to talk a little bit about
where you are in Iraq in northern Iraq
specifically because you wrote you were
covering of course the vote in Roth's
Kurdistan region you wrote that
internally displaced people showed up in
droves at special voting stations that
have been set up in Erbil but that they
faced obstacles what kind of obstacles
yeah that was a major issue actually I
found many IDPs who were not able to
vote because they didn't have the voting
cards now IDPs often lose their
documents when they when they flee and
this happened to a lot of Iraqis many of
them have been able to get some of it
back and some of them even had the cards
the voting cards of last time 2014 but
many that I saw here in Erbil were not
allowed to vote and people were really
eager to vote some of them because they
had been promised jobs of course this is
this is still Iraq some of them because
they really wanted to vote for our body
hoping that by giving him the votes this
would prevent from former Prime Minister
al-maliki to return because many of
these IDPs from the liberated areas feel
very strongly about this Maliki is the
one that lets Isis in and yet he was
still being elected he was still on the
lists and they were very scared that if
he would come back things would go very
bad for them so they wanted to vote but
then they couldn't I also found some
people from Baghdad living in Erbil who
were told that they should go to Baghdad
to vote so what was happening was very
strange because the electoral committee
had promised that IDPs would have they
would they would look after them they
would be able to vote even if they did
not have the voting card for this year
what about the Kurds what does this
election mean for the Kurds and then it
off does it make things better for them
does it make things worse for them or is
it just far too early to tell
well it's it is a bit of a disaster to
be quite honest because there is a big
conflict in Suleymaniye where just about
everybody says there was fraud only PUK
is happy with the fact that they won and
that was quite unexpected because
everybody thought that BOK would lose
terribly to the opposition parties the
fact that they didn't might again have
something to do with the low turnout be
okay like Osada was able to get the
people loyal loyal to the party to go
and vote it might be part of that but on
the other hand there are people who said
they were in a small voting station he
said I was probably the only one voting
there but I know that I voted for for
instance Gohan I don't know which party
this was the change list party and then
when the votes were counted there were
no votes at all for this party so
something is going on and up till now
the electoral committee has not really
wanted to do anything about it there has
been violence between parties that has
been shooting at one of the party
headquarters so this means that the
courts have really been played a part
and if they want to work together in the
government in the new government they
will have to find some kind of unity and
it looks as if they will be needed for a
coalition so this is a problem and I
know that they're working on it but
first of all something will have to be
done about this really money our
situation is a this is really a
remarkable trajectory from after the saw
there isn't it I mean could you talk a
little bit about that we're talking
about a former symbol of sectarianism
and resistance to becoming this populist
politician how did that happen I mean
it's it's very difficult to explain but
there's their intestines and the reasons
I mean Assad represents and his family
his scheme to represent the marginalized
community
chiraq for a very long time now they
they you know there's a category of very
porous who live in slum areas the
outskirts of the capital and in southern
Iraq were extremely poor who've been
marginalized for decades you know it's
not something that's new and no one
really claims presented people were
these elections right now one of the
leaders of one of the major coalition's
in an interview and month denied that
there was anything there was any poverty
in Iraq he said this wasn't true and
said there was exaggerations and so on
so forth whereas anyone who spends any
time in Baghdad or in something you're
not really immediately see how much
there's how much poverty there is so
Southers family's always been the the
spiritual or the only people who claim
to represent these people so it's fairly
normal that that you know they they
should be the ones or should be expected
that they should be the ones to be most
precipitous and and unhappy with the
amount of corruption and poor services
in the country and the other thing
that's worth noting as well is that the
suckers movement and people that are
connected to it are amongst the only
political groups in the country that
aren't drawn from the Exile community
and that's a very important distinction
because whereas almost all of the others
are have their family members living
outside of the country either in the
region in Jordan Lebanon or in London or
the United States cetera sand their
representatives almost all live within
the country and that creates an also
very different relationship with with
the people you know they suffer with the
people where as far as the former
activity most of their families still
live outside the country so the
immediate needs of the people aren't
felt by people who I've been so far in
control of the government so I'm not
that surprised
Renaud we don't have too much time left
but I want to ask you you know there are
analysts that are speculating that most
of us so there will ultimately strike
some kind of a deal or reach an
agreement with prime minister haider
al-abadi and that he will keep him as
prime minister what do you think the
likelihood of that is of happening well
in Iraqi politics it's impossible to
predict because nobody who even wins
votes might be the leader as we've seen
in the past nonetheless I think what's
become clear is saw there
is willing to work with a body he's not
willing to work with others let's say
like Malachy he's kind of biggest foe
so other needs of now if he if this
group becomes part of the government
coalition and that's a big if but if
that happens you need to somehow show
change so keeping our body there would
mean that the ministries would have to
move towards what they call technocracy
so we'd have to bring a completely new
list of technocratic cabinet members in
who aren't aligned to political parties
as such and who can present sort of some
kind of change and this is something
that saw that has been pursuing for some
years I know it's kind of now and kind
of a comeback but I remember being on
this show two years ago talking about
the centrist protest and you know
Suthers returned so he's been working
this is a gradual this address you this
is a gradual kind of movement where
they're trying to pick away through
electors through elections through
protests or other ways to try and change
the elite alright we've run out of time
so we're gonna have to leave it there
thanks to all our guests Judit new link
Renaud Mansour and zaidel Ali and thank
you too for watching you can see the
program again anytime by visiting our
website aljazeera.com and for further
discussion go to our Facebook page
that's facebook.com forward slash AJ
inside story you can also join the
conversation on twitter our handle is at
AJ inside story from me Mohammed Jim
drew him and the whole team here bye for
now
you
