protesters again took to the streets
this time to praise what's been
described as the start of peace talks
waving flags and portraits of protesters
killed during the biggest political
challenge President Daniel Ortega has
seen since coming to power in 2007
members of the opposition queue to the
back entrance of the torques venue where
church leaders were waiting to mediate
an extra 500 riot police were drafted in
to oversee the meeting in the capital
Managua the talks between Ortega
opposition and student leaders are aimed
to resolve weeks of protests where
dozens have been killed human rights
groups have condemned the president and
government forces for using excessive
force and repression flanked by his wife
and vice president Rosario Murillo the
left-wing leader said Nicaraguans killed
in the crackdown war criminals during
his speech he was heckled and accused of
being a killer these were not little
angels when we have complicated
situations like this one where you have
people roaming around at night
paramilitary groups that go around
destroying things then we say to the
police no we let them shoot them that's
it the protests were initially triggered
by plans to reform Nicaraguans bankrupt
Social Security system but change into
nationwide street movements demanding an
end to Ortega's 11 year rule private
businesses no longer support you and
it's time for you to listen to the
people and make a decision we've
appealed to your good judgement Daniel
we've appealed to your good judgement
Rosario whom the people respected and
whom the people admired and gave you a
vote of confidence in 2007 for you to
come to power please respect the wishes
of the people listen to the will of the
people
thank you 72 year old Ortega is a former
Marxist guerrilla who helped lead a
revolution to overthrow the us-backed
Itay toship of Anastasio Somoza in 1979
after losing the election in 1990 he
returned to power in 2007 since then he
has extended presidential term limits
and promoted his wife some suspect she's
preparing to become his successor
Wednesday's talks ended with protesters
shouting killers and murderers as the
government representatives stormed out
they're due to meet again on Friday but
Ortega hasn't said if he'll be there
Hannah hawkster al Jazeera
