if they three months ago Marta Solorzano
began to lose hope I'm in hospital
because my body has rejected my
transplanted kidney for lack of
immunosuppressant drugs I'm on dialysis
and I feel very ill she died two hours
later bill Kiesel Arsenal also lost her
transplanted kidney for the same reason
missing I feel like I've lost my life
like so many transplant patients because
her kidney is our hope of living she too
didn't survive the night these tragic
testimonies were gathered by the
Coalition for the right to life a group
led by Francisco Valencia a transplant
patient himself who's fighting for those
in need of life-saving drugs in the case
of transplant patients seventy organs
have been rejected so far this year for
lack of treatment resulting in five
deaths this has never happened in the
history of Venezuela there is no way to
overstate the impact of this country's
economic meltdown on some 300,000
Venezuelans with chronic health issues
three times a week
43 year old Greville drogas goes for
dialysis accompanied by his daughter
Andrea for 10 years he lived a normal
life with a kidney donated by his mother
but after months without the drugs
needed to prevent his body from
rejecting the transplant in March he
nearly died when the organ began failing
he tells me he was lucky to find a
catheter some people have died waiting
to get one waiting for the dialysis
this eternally long line is yet another
telltale sign of the shortages of almost
every basic good here in Venezuela but
the scarcity of life-saving medicine is
particularly desperate even so the
government insists that there is no
humanitarian crisis here and therefore
no need to ask international aid
organizations for help after his
dialysis Gretel goes home
noticeably weak but determined against
the odds to recover so he can be there
for his children
it's a race against time to see if I can
get my treatment again before it's too
late I'm a fighter a warrior and I will
beat this but he asks the government to
put itself in his shoes and says it
should put politics and pride aside and
accept humanitarian aid before more
people died needlessly you see a human
al Jazeera Caracas
