president moon jae-in is widely credited
with creating closer relations between
North and South Korea and the US and his
government is determined to keep the
initiative on track North Korea used the
current military exercises involving
South Korean and US war planes as the
reason for calling off a high-level
meeting of officials from both Koreas on
Wednesday they were due to discuss
implementing the landmark pan man John
declaration signed last month between
moon and Kim on Thursday South Korea
urged that the talks take place National
Security Council members reaffirmed
their stance that the pun minjun
declaration must be carried out smoothly
and agreed to continue discussing with
their North Korean counterparts about
holding high-level talks the later
threat by North Korea to scrap the
summit between Kim and US president
Donald Trump left the White House
scrambling for a response we haven't
seen anything we haven't heard anything
we will see what happens North Korea is
accusing the u.s. of demanding its full
denuclearization without promising
anything in return and with only a few
weeks before the summit is due to take
place in Singapore the differences could
be impossible to reconcile but many see
the North Korean threats as just part of
the hard negotiating that is to come and
both sides are now committed so I don't
see this as a major problem they're
going to get around it and there's
enough on the table now and enough
interest from both sides that I think
the summit's going to go forward with
the fate of this summit hanging in the
balance a senior official from the
presidential office the blue house has
said the government is willing to act as
a mediator to make sure this historic
meeting takes place South Korea seems to
have too much at stake for this summit
not to go ahead Rob mcbride al Jazeera
sold
