a humanitarian aid group with guns and
grits this is the dramatic video that
gained the free Burma Rangers motor aiya
t it shows founder and former US Special
Forces soldier
David Ewbank rescuing and little girl in
Mosul Iraq under ISIL sniper fire it
went viral
Ewbank formed the group 20 years ago in
response to conflict in Myanmar but
expanded his teams to operate in places
like Sudan and Iraq now he's back in
Myanmar to bolster his team's efforts to
help civilians caught up in fighting
there what I see happening through hinga
is a great tragedy it's not the only one
though this is a fight the Burma has
been taken to the ethnics for over 60
years anywhere the Burma Army doesn't
feel they have total control or they
want to drive out a certain people group
or take possession of certain natural
resources they're going to attack he's
currently in the southeast of the
country in current state where about two
and a half thousand people have been
displaced since March due to fighting
with the military the Korean people have
been vying for self-determination for
more than six decades Eubank brought
back some volunteers from his mission to
Iraq to assist in his aid efforts
including general IDO Haider a former
Yazidi commander from Sinjar province
the Yazidis were heavily targeted by
ISIL many were massacred raped and
expelled
hadar fought back in this video he's
holding a grenade launcher during an
ISIL attack he may be a long way from
home but he relates to the Korean people
in a way most couldn't I felt the same
way as the Korean people they are
intimidated and killed the same thing
happened to my uzd people we were
cleared by ISIL in Iraq they attacked
and destroyed our village volunteering
to help civilians he has given this
Iraqi free Burma Ranger a renewed sense
of purpose I score home jerseylicious I
want to go around the world to help
people to go to support people who have
been hurt and now suffer even though
they have different languages cultures
and countries I look
past that point I only looked at
humanitarian aid to help each other
language may be a barrier but the battle
hardened fighters clearly have other
useful skills for this unconventional
aid group the free Burma Rangers now aim
to expand their missions to help the
Rohingya in Rakhine State in the
country's north another of Myanmar's
ethnic groups in desperate need of any
hope it can get Yarber Mohan al Jazeera
