Hanan Ashrawi has long been one of the
most important and straight-talking
palestinian figures now she's taking on
one of the most important people in the
Trump administration UN Ambassador nikki
Haley dr. Ashrawi was attending an event
at the UN in New York to commemorate the
event seventy years ago the Nakba or
catastrophe when a large part of the
Palestinian population fled their homes
and to this day have been unable to
return we just happened to be that when
Israel was created on our land I mean we
didn't choose for it to be created on
our land some our mere existence is seen
by by ambassador Haley as being anti
Israeli in the Security Council
ambassador Halley who's believed to have
been a key voice in persuading Trump to
pull out of the Iran deal use the
meeting about Gaza to repeatedly attack
Iran the common thread in all of this is
the D stable
conduct of the Iranian regime had these
protests happened in Iran against the
regime then these people would be brave
heroic people struggling for democratic
rights and so on but because they're
Palestinians you know demonstrating
against the cruel military occupation
they are the terrorists and they are
responding to Hamas and Israel
Halley who's believed to have strongly
backed Trump's decision to move the US
Embassy to Jerusalem walked out of a
Security Council meeting about those
killed by Israeli snipers just before
the Palestinian ambassador spoken I mean
don't get me going on ambassador Halley
she's returned and she pressured and she
used coercion and and so on at the UN
particularly by taking down names I
don't think people appointed her the
school mom of the world this was not
just a personal attack on ambassador
Halley
she said the entire Trump administration
was now complicit in the occupation of
her people James BAE's al-jazeera at the
United Nations
