for years the US and South Korea have
conducted combat drills both say are
vital to defending the Korean Peninsula
but on Wednesday North Korea's leader
canceled a planned summit with the South
calling the drills a provocation but
it's also threatening to cancel a
planned summit between US president
Donald Trump and North Korean leader Kim
jong-un faced with few details the White
House press corps clamored for
information at an oval office meeting
between Trump and the leader of
Uzbekistan we haven't seen anything we
haven't heard anything we will see what
happens
the United States is calling for the
denuclearization of the peninsula and
North Korea's complete dismantling of
its nuclear weapons program in its
latest statement North Korea says it
wants the United States to stop talking
about it unless Trump offers something
in return the White House says there's
been no change in plans for the
Singapore meeting set for June 12
suggesting the rhetoric may be nothing
more than pre-summit posturing this is
something that we fully expected the
president is very you stand ready for
tough negotiations but one former NATO
commander warns the North Korean threat
is real we ought to have a hopeful
strategy but we ought to recognize the
wheels could still come off this thing
Trump is touted the summit as a
breakthrough in diplomacy his supporters
suggesting it could even be a Nobel
Peace Prize moment for the president he
has also publicly doubted the North
Koreans are using him to legitimize
their repressive regime the United
States has been played beautifully like
a fiddle because you had a different
kind of a leader we're not gonna be
played in its latest threat the North
Koreans alluded to Donald Trump's
criticism of past presidents noting his
own legacy is at risk if talks fail
still the White House says if the North
Koreans want to meet the u.s. President
will be ready
kimberley he'll kid al Jazeera at the
White House
