trees by Royal party Malaysia and free
to make his political comeback after
years in prison
Anwar Ibrahim is tipped to become the
next prime minister to replace his once
pitiful Mahathir Mohamad so why are they
cooperating now and what does it all
mean for Malaysia this is inside story
hello and welcome to the program I'm
Hashim AHA bara he is describing it as a
new dawn for Malaysia and what ibrahim
has walked free from prison
thanks to royal pardon and the help of
the man who sacked and jailed him 20
years ago Mahathir Mohamad was reelected
last week as the world's oldest Prime
Minister and the 92 year old is choosing
Anwar his former deputy before they
became political enemies as his
replacement in the next couple of years
the royal pardon allows him to return to
politics after serving three of a
five-year prison sentence for sodomy and
corruption charges he says were
politically motivated we will talk to
our gas in a moment but first Florence
the way has more from Kuala Lumpur on
the political intrigue Malaysia's most
famous prisoner is free
Anwar Ibrahim once the country's Deputy
Prime Minister and former opposition
leader has been granted a royal pardon
he left the hospital where he had been
seeking treatment for a shoulder injury
with his wife and supporters Anwar had
been serving time for a second sodomy
conviction upheld in 2015 we appeal
because there was a miscarriage of
justice we appealed because there was
travesty of justice
we appeal because there was clear
conspiracy
condemn me assassinate my political
character and I praise to Allah because
the King accepted this that the pattern
is complete unconditional a royal pardon
means a five-year ban on political
activity will not apply to Anwar he will
have to contest in and win a by-election
if he is to become a member of
parliament Anora has said he'd like to
take some time off to spend with his
family before he returns to active
politics his lawyer says that could take
place within the next couple of weeks
Anwar has pledged his full support for
the government Mohammed he reformed
agenda he is facilitated even by release
the two had struck up an unlikely
alliance to defeat their former
colleagues in Barisan Nasional the
coalition that had governed Malaysia
since independence more than 60 years
ago Mahathir has promised to step aside
and hand power to Anwar within two years
Florence lui al Jazeera Kuala Lumpur
Malaysia is a multi-ethnic
multi-religious Federation of 13 states
and three federal territories with a
multi-party political system the
majority Muslim ethnic Malay are
dominant politically and ruled by a
constitutional monarchy the King's role
is largely ceremonial and is rotated
every five years among the Sultan's of
the nine ballet states the King appoints
a prime minister from among the leading
party in the House of Representatives
the base a national coalition and his
major party the United Malays national
organization Brewed Malaysia for nearly
six decades until losing its
parliamentary majority in last week's
election upset the Malaysian economy is
one of the most open anywhere and has
diversified from agriculture to
manufacturing since gaining independence
from Great Britain in 1957 let's now go
to our guests joining us in Kuala Lumpur
Chien wat Wang his political scientist
at the Penang Institute in London
Claire rucastle Browne founder of the
Sarawak report that's an anti-corruption
campaigning website and also in Kuala
Lumpur
so filmy ash is a doctoral fellow at the
weather had Center for International
Affairs at Harvard University and author
of illusions of democracy Malaysian
politics and people who welcome to you
all she know what I would like to ask
you this question which i think is now
being asked by many people in Malaysia
how is it going to be possible for
Mahathir Mohamad to manage the tricky
relationship with a man who was his
former Protege turned nemesis and now
new ally I think the circumstances me
the power sharing arrangement between
two of them the natural naturally best
outcome for both of them and for the
country and why brahim had been a victim
of authoritarianism in Malaysia and
Mojave as the nationalist has been
bitterly that ought organism may render
the country a New York
me too foreign power because of
corruption mm-hmm
Claire I mean it seems that Anwar
Ibrahim has some time to go before
becoming when in a set of the Parliament
then becoming Prime Minister for the
time being it seems that Mahathir
Mohamad has no option but to cooperate
whether one as he is the wife of Anwar
Ibrahim how is it gonna work
yes I don't think this is going to be as
much of a problem as people are making
out there's a lot of talk about the
tensions between the various aspects of
this unlikely it would seem coalition
but I think that there's a unity of
purpose here and I think Trust has been
forged it's been an existential struggle
that has brought together many old
enemies who were focused on what they
saw as a terrible danger to Malaysia a
drift into authoritarianism tyranny
under the corrupt Prime Minister that
they managed to get voted out at this
election I think that Maha Tia and Anwar
are united in an agreement on what needs
to be done to bring the country back on
the rails and I think that Anwar will
give mahadji a space he's doing a pretty
good job of it at the moment I think in
the eyes of most Malaysians Sofia I mean
how solid is this partnership between
the two and what Abraham and Maha
Mahathir Mohamad and is it it is
possible to say that mahadji could turn
back on the promise he made in the past
about handing over power to other way
about him
I believe mahadji Riza is a pragmatic he
has a clearly expressed his will to
reform the country and the fact that he
needed about 18 to 24 months to do that
I think there is no not really an issue
of our time frame here and I think
flowers explain its being that really
well as well
both men agree that they will be a
transition to power from one to the
other and both men have agreed that it
is almost an alliance almost against
nature it's built on a strong
for reform so I think there will be no
real worry to have over the wheel of
batter to respect this agreement good so
now since we have the two agreeing to
work together let's have a look at the
challenges that are going to face in the
near future sure what top priority for
the time being building the case against
Najib Razak is this something which is
going to work and where is it going to
leader I think what my hobby has
stressed so many times is that it would
lack rule of law preview on this case as
we can see he has removed a lot of Najib
stories from the government from key
public institutions for those cases to
be able to deal with by law and what is
more important is they have seen now
that he has appointed a committee of
five persons in legal background to
initiate his digital reform I think what
is more important is to go beyond the
symptoms but rather going to the root
cause itself to deal with pudding
corruptions that is embedded and
entrench in the system because of aught
organism Clare you've you've been very
instrumental 2015 with your news website
Sarawak reporting exposing the scandal
of the 1mdb which is the investment fund
is this something which is just about
Najib Razak or do you think it's about a
rampant corruption in the system itself
yes it was an expression of a system
that where corruption had had taken hold
but Najib was in a class of his own he
embraced that corruption I think much
talk there's been a corruption under his
predecessors such as Maha tear but Najib
seemed to almost approve of it as a
system and of course had a flamboyant
and extravagant family who had been
caught you know we
Sting's stealing hundreds of millions
billions of public funds now Najib
fired his own Attorney General back in
2015 when he was about to be brought to
book by charges so shocked indeed was
the established in Malay establishment
in Malaysia it's significant that Maha
Tia has invited that former AG Attorney
General to see him in the last couple of
days and of course the contents of those
charges will have been reviewed and I
don't think Najib will be sitting very
long without having faced formal charges
to bring him to book Sophie I mean at
the surface you have the family of Najib
Razak which is embezzling hundreds of
millions of dollars from the investment
fund but then the man was stifling
discontent stifling opponents including
senior officials who were trying to come
forth and talk about the corruption
cases doesn't this lead us to the
genuine shock about a reform of the
political system in Malaysia on his own
that does not allow for open expression
well actually there is there is a need
for political reform in Malaysia and
maja cherry is I think committed to that
and we've been talking about it at
length I think the question is about the
reform the political culture and that
takes a lot of time we have to do an
alliance that is composed of people
aware for the longest time in your
position but as well people who were in
the government with em know before and
who are used to this I'm no system that
we described earlier so of course those
people switched party and switched to
the opposition because I believe they
did not want it to support the system
anymore but but it does take time and I
think that you know reform is one thing
legal reform are another institutional
reform but then when it comes to
reforming again political culture it
will take much more time well if the two
are going to be unworried by him and
Mahathir Mohamad on the same page about
the fight against corruption mister
wrong what about scrapping the six
percent tax on goods and services which
has been very important to generate cash
for the economy do you think that both
Anwar Ibrahim and mahadji Mohammed will
go ahead with that promise I think that
this is an almost national consensus
it's not that the text itself in here is
inherently bad but rather that a
Malaysians have not seen the benefit of
the tax because the gunman has been
corrupt and you have a lot of a dish and
so on
I think Mojave has just a now their the
the the value at the tax rate would be
reduced to zero percent by first of June
and it's important for Malaysians to see
improvement in their life in private
services before I think the rates for
this GST to be raised back again and
that probably would have to take a few
years well what is what is happing most
Malaysian is cost of living going up and
this is a slowdown that that's the
reason why most people would never
change what Claire isn't this something
that could backfire in the sense that it
looks like more of a populist agenda
here how can you scrap something that
generates gas for the for the budget
when we know that there are many
restrictions to the Malaysian economy
well I guess it's a bit like filling a
bath from one end when you've got the
plug running at the other money was
pouring out of the Malaysian economy
into this corrupt system of graft and
patronage that Najib was allowing to
write race out of control billions were
being stolen from the economy by his own
family by his hangers-on by all the
people that he was buying off and and
you know it was always you know all the
financial institutions were saying you
know Malaysia's got to get used to this
this sales tax because it brings in a
solid income but Najib is sorry my head
here has
has responded by saying actually I'm
gonna put the plug in the bath first
he's already announced the sacking of a
number of political appointees seventeen
thousand I think today there's a lot of
money to be regained
just from pursuing the various
superlatively corrupt individuals
starting with Najib himself you know
there are there are billions of dollars
sitting waiting to be returned in the
United States and in Switzerland the new
finance minister who was also in prison
actually under maja tear has has said
he's taken a look at the finances that
Najib left and and sadly and not very
surprisingly he's had as he says he's
been left speechless there's going to be
a very very big reparation job needed on
Malaysia's finances but the country is
now going to be properly run and that
brings hope that brings confidence
investment in business I think if anyone
can pull this off mahat here together
with a very successful former finance
minister and what Ibrahim I think they
can bring it off mm-hm
Sophie we're talking about maja ta who
has been determined adamant that he's
going to reverse most of the decisions
made by Najib Razak particularly the one
about the billions of dollars of Chinese
investments in terms of infrastructure
ports and rail in Indonesia is it
possible is he going to force the
Chinese into making some concessions for
him well my Hydra is expressed through
the different speech that he has made
since that the night of election
actually that Malaysia would be friendly
to every country yes yes really try to
express that he wants you to stabilize
the market as well to reassure investors
but he said as well that every
government contract that were given to
foreign countries will be revised and
studied and that decision will be taken
so there's a possibility here for the
policies that were made and the decision
made by Najib Razak towards China and
Chinese investment will change so when
it comes to especially the region of the
state of johor
and other places in Malaysia so and and
I said you know he has a very good team
of people highly qualified to revise
those kind of decision so I think that
you know there are a lot of big change
to come in the next few weeks
choo choo choo much you know that the
Chinese are very aggressive in pursuing
their policy when it comes to
infrastructure corridors in South and
East Asia do you think that would they
will back down here to the Malaysians
not taken into consideration that any
concession could be seen as paving the
way for further concessions to other
countries well I think also important
thing is that we are very strategy
Malaysia is a country that China needs
to win over and given a person like maja
T in power there's no way you can
actually force it down Malaysia strewth
I think that China is learning that they
need to do with Malaysia in a much more
favorable way that unless I do is win
win otherwise a Malaysia would just be
able to stop it and Malaysia has options
that always you know get a friendlier to
America and so on and I think what China
won is something much more long-term and
if you have a strong government backed
by a clear mandate then I think China
would find out what's the best you to
give you to get their way only if you
have a weak government then China will
hope to explore you to the maximum for
the time being I mean we don't have any
clear indication as to where they're
Mahathir Mohamad is going to break his
promises when it comes to handing over
power to Anwar Ibrahim Claire what next
for and were Ibrahim is he going to
maintain the establishment that was
created by Maha Tia or is he going to
reinvent it I think I think they're
going to work together and I think
they're gonna make this happen
I'm out here is 92 years old he's
worried about his legacy he's not gonna
he's not gonna cling on to power I don't
think he's made that pledge
but to put my anti-corruption hat on for
a second and to go back to the China
matter one has to bear in mind that and
China is not the only country that you
know can will find itself you know under
the heat in this way but the various
deals that China has been involved in
okay are going to be exposed now as
being highly questionable
now Jeep turned to China when he
realized he was in big trouble over 1mdb
and the railroad project that you
referred to was inflated and I had the
figures I was leaked them by over a
hundred percent in order to accommodate
an attempt to refinance that money that
had been stolen out of 1mdb now you know
this is very embarrassing for China it's
not the only country and it's a there
are several banks who are going to be
very embarrassed by the revelations that
fallout from 1mdb and IGS other shocking
scandals so you know I think Malaysia
will be able to you know to have its
weight in the argument on these matters
because there have been transgressions
Sophie when you look at the of the
situation in Malaysia Mahathir Mohamad
punished Anwar Ibrahim sat him sent him
to jail then he groomed Najib Razak now
he's turning against the zebras and
building a new alliance of a new a right
do you think that Anwar Ibrahim is in a
position to say you know what the
problem is with Marathi it's with the
system therefore I need to reform that
system well it's interesting because
indeed it looks like you know the cloud
was saying that Maha trees were devised
a legacy and and as as it is now it
looks like the legacy and the hair that
mahadji I've chosen until now we're
feeler
I mean Abdullah we and then NAB Jebusite
so finally he came back to his first
choice you know who was I know I brain
who actually never never succeeded to
him and this time will finally succeed
to him so of course as we mentioned the
system there was a problem a systemic
problem and I think they're both working
on it and I think Mahathir being a
highly pragmatic as recognised that by
choosing to embrace
the agenda of reformatting then the I
think they will not have any problem in
to working together but what we have to
keep in mind is that otherwise clearly
expressed is will to actually take some
time off of politics at least a few
months yet Express is is well to to
travel abroad I met a man with him on
Monday and he said that it would like to
take a fellowship in the US at some
universities for a while so it will be
out of politics at least it will be
physically out of Malaysia but we have
to keep in mind that the Deputy Prime
Minister one of the guys now is his wife
so I believe that there will be a kind
of a if I may say a political
menage-a-trois between maja tier-one
Aziz I smell and inori brain an honor a
brain will definitely keep a step or
foot in this government induced cabinet
through his wife 180 guys now she one
does the political saga and here or
because in the election the political
party that ruled Malaysia for sixty
years was dealt a massive blow that
could usher in a new political era in
Malaysia where you actors will step in
well this is really a chance that
Malaysia is on a crossroad whether we
can really get out of it now after the
election things look good but the
challenge here is really how to be sure
that the population feel assured that
you know change be better because the
old government in the last 60 years has
been convincing the majority of the
population of ethnic Malays that the
change of government would means that
they would be worse off and so I could
foresee that the new opposition may use
the cities and religions as an issue to
derail it but I believe that Mahadi
would be able to bring it back Mojave
and vision and Malaysia that will be a
developed country by the year 2020 I
think
he will go up together with an my bra
him with escalation and civil society
and nation at large to achieve that Jim
what won't Claire rucastle brown Sophie
Lamia thank you very much indeed for
your contribution to the program really
appreciate it and thank you too for
watching you can see the program again
any time by visiting our website
aljazeera.com for further discussion go
to our Facebook page
that's facebook.com forward slash AJ
insight sorry you can also join the
conversation on twitter our handle is at
aj inside story from me hashem alberta
and the whole team here bye for now
you
you
