American pressure growing up on Saudi
Arabia were missing journalist Jamal
khashoggi president Donald Trump says
he's worried and the US Secretary of
State is urging the kingdom to support a
thorough investigation will the Turkish
allegations of murder be a turning point
in relations between the allies this
isn't a story
hello and welcome to the program I'm
Ahad Abdul Hameed a week after his
mysterious disappearance at Saudi
Arabia's consulate in Turkey US leaders
are voicing their fears for Jamel hisagi
Donald Trump says he's concerned the
vice president says he's troubled by the
disappears in America's top diplomat
Mike Pompeo is urging Saudi allies to be
open about what happened Stephanie
Decker has more from Istanbul it's an
ominous image Jamal hisagi on security
camera video entering the Saudi
consulate last Tuesday his fiancee who
accompanied him to the consulate has
verified it it's the last time he has
been seen in public just a few days ago
the Saudi journalist spoke to BBC Radio
noting that worse to be arrested make me
feel I shouldn't go I'm talking that
friend of mine who was arrested wasn't
even talking maybe he was talking
critically over something in a dinner in
a dinner party right that's what we what
what we are becoming in Saudia that
recently the columnists and economists
who was close to the royal court got
arrested and that scared many people
because here we are talking about
somebody was close to the government
right right I don't even want to use the
term this Addison Addison yeah we over
there are dissidents I mean the people
who are arrested are not even being
dissidents right they just have an
independent mind until now I don't call
myself in opposition I always say I am
just a writer I want a free environment
to write and speak my mind
Turkish sources say they believe he was
killed inside the consulate Saudi Arabia
categorically denies that Saudi
authorities have now said they will
allow Turkish investigators inside the
consulate to continue their
investigation but this opposition member
and human rights activist says he is
skeptical anything will be found it
seems like a professional job it's
already been seven days
if the Saudis weren't sure about
themselves they would not let the
Turkish authorities in after almost a
week of silence the US president and a
closed Saudi ally had this to say right
now nobody knows anything about it but
there's some pretty bad stories going
around I do not like it the US Secretary
of State is asking Saudi Arabia to
support a thorough investigation into
the disappearance the Saudis did give a
tour of the building to a group of
journalists on Saturday the Consul
opening a small cabinet and what appears
to be a fuse box in an effort to show
Jamaa hisagi was not there there are lot
of allegations and much speculation
about what happened to Jamal kesaji here
inside the Saudi consulate but Turkey
hasn't yet provided any evidence to back
up their beliefs that he may have been
murdered here and Saudi hasn't provided
any proof that he ever left the only
thing we know for sure is that Jamal
kesaji entered the Saudi concert at a
week ago and no one has seen or heard
from him since Stephanie Decker al
Jazeera Istanbul okay so let's bring in
our guest joining us from New York is
ambassador Richard Murphy he is the
former US ambassador to Saudi Arabia in
Fairfax Virginia we have Khalil Jascha
he is the executive director of the Arab
center of Washington and finding earth
finally joining us here in Doha Marwan
Kabbalah he is a director of policy
analysis at the Arab Center for Research
and policy studies welcome to all of you
ambassador murphy let me start with you
it took a week but finally President
Trump and other members of the
administration have weighed in on the
disappearance of Jamal Cosby why do you
think it took so long there's been a
shortage of facts beyond the time that
Jamarcus re-entered the continent and
hasn't been seen since this past week
it's been a long established close
relationship between Saudi Arabia and
the United States and I think the
American leadership is handling this
very carefully
it it wants to know if have a full
revelation what's gone on without
precipitously attacking criticizing the
Saudi authorities
okay well but nevertheless the
Washington has joined this chorus of
condemnation do you think it's something
that at this stage would worry the royal
family in Saudi Arabia and specifically
Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman I don't
know if it already began to worry him
but it should frankly what ambassador
Murphy just said the special
relationship between the two countries
the love affair so-called between the
two sides that both President Trump and
the crown prince referred to you know
just few days ago with the crown prince
saying I'd love to work with this man
and the president saying he loves the
King and he loves the Kingdom before he
criticized it again last week putting
all that aside the fact of the matter
this is going to impact the relationship
yes it is a strategic relationship that
has lasted for decades but right now
it's at the mercy of this political
hurricane you know hurricane Jamel that
could prove to be a category four or
five depends on the results of the
investigation but the fact that the u.s.
waited so long I mean that the absence
of facts I agree with the Ambassador
faced everybody but how come did the you
know Germany and France and the England
all the allies spoke much faster than
the United States maybe the fact that we
don't have an ambassador there has
impacted the situation is very fact we
don't have a US ambassador in Riyadh and
we don't have one and Ankara either so
the this administration I I don't think
has handled this crisis in a responsible
manner and quickly enough
well Marvin at this stage we don't have
the full picture but many are fearing
that the worst could have happened to
Jamal hisagi now how do you think this
is going there and Pam do you think this
is actually a blunt case of the Saudis
carrying out a executing execution on a
diplomatic premises or do you think it
looks more like something that just went
out of control well I think it's very
difficult to understand Saudi foreign
policy in recent years I don't know also
who's running this policy anyway because
it's for me it's irrational it's not
smart at all the Saudis they have been
moving from one crisis diplomatic crisis
to another with their neighbors with
with foreign governments
last year it was with Qatar recently
with with Canada with Germany and today
we are having another one with Turkey
actually by actually weather abducting
or I mean the disappearance of over the
disappearance of German assure you we
still we still need to know actually
what I meant actually is this is not a
smart foreign policy and the guys who
are running this policy actually are
putting their it's very difficult to
understand whose interest this foreign
policy is actually serving because
having this these problems with so many
countries it's not it's not good for
Saudi Arabia and I think now right now
the Iranians who's number one enemy of
the Saudis in the in the region they
must be laughing at the Saudis at the
blunders the Saudis are making the
problems they are making and creating
for them for themselves so we still
actually need to know so many answers to
the questions that have been asked about
about democracy to understand the full
scale of this case and how the Turks
will be responding how the Americans
with responding how the whole
international community actually be
responding because violating the
sovereignty of a country in this
flagrant we actually is going to have
some sort of a response by I think so
many countries because nobody would like
actually to see somebody killed on their
territories the way or disability
actually and their territory is the way
actually Yamaha Shakti did in Istanbul
well ambassador murphy we heard now from
President Trump we also heard Mike
Pompeo are calling for transparency you
have you were posted in Riyadh you know
how it works you know how relations
between communications between
Washington and Reard work so apart from
the public statements do you think they
are now talking and what kind of answers
with Washington be looking at at this
stage to tell you something I have no
access to the way things work usually
well obviously there have been contact
between the administration in Washington
and the Saudi leadership about this
whole issue the American side is
handling it very carefully very
cautiously you know there's a great deal
of at stake in terms of maintaining
confidence in the Saudi leadership they
would be partner in the peace process an
actual partner in the ongoing conflict
in Yemen these are major issues which
are coming under a an unexpected
pressure with the disappearance of Jamal
khashoggi and he was a is a respected
member of the press or chicken he also
had very good relations with the
previous royal court so and he always
said that he was not he didn't like
calling himself a dissident or an
opposite or a member of the opposition
now Halil just moving this a bit forward
Senator Lindsey Graham said that if
these allegations of the murder of Jamal
khashoggi come true then there will be
serious consequences
he actually said devastating
consequences and that Saudi will pay a
heavy price do you really think that
would happen I doubt it
to the extent or the emotional extent
that the senator described but I think
there could be I could see a scenario
particularly you know depending on the
results of the investigation if indeed
we are talking about a disappearance a
potential release soon or a a murder
with a sense of permanence here so if
indeed the second scenario materializes
I would say there is a credible body of
criticism or opposition to Saudi Arabia
in Congress that might be revitalized
the Saudis have been working very hard
on Capitol Hill to kind of if you will
respond the suppress mitigate that
criticism over all kinds of issues that
separate US interests from Saudi
interests but this crisis if it
mushrooms into a full-scale crisis as I
anticipate I think is apt to revitalize
and strengthen that criticism in
Congress when you see both Republicans
and unlike in the past mostly Democrats
now you see some Republicans jumping on
the bandwagon and warning of a potential
deterioration so in in light of the
differences over the issue of oil and
OPIC and and cooperation between the
Washington and Riyadh now you have a
very serious crisis that cuts across the
divide in Washington and might
particularly depends on if indeed the
president is concerned as he expressed
last night about this crisis you know
even though he said no one knows
anything I'm sure he does know something
after all this has been one week of a
crisis
a serious crisis and I'm sure he has
been briefed if he attended those
briefings I the the past seven days
I'm sure he has a lot of information
about this crisis because the u.s.
intelligence does have a lot of
information particularly
light of cooperation with our other ally
in in Ankara in Turkey I'm sure he has
seen a lot of information and that
explains his second sentence when he
says I do not like it so what is it that
he doesn't like and if indeed he doesn't
like what he heard then that is going to
translate into some criticism on our
position in Congress okay so let me ask
my one when president Trump says I don't
like it how do you think it's gonna
translate in fact well I don't why I
know I know that this guy actually
I mean his foreign policy approach I
mean he's he's having this trust
transaction and foreign policy approach
and I don't know I feel like he might be
using it against the Saudis but not
because he's concerned about human
rights let's say for example because he
has not been really concerned about
human rights when we talk about for
example Yemen or when we talk about the
Saudis poor record in terms of a human
rights but I don't know I mean I felt
like there is some sort this sort of
tension between his administration and
the Saudi administration in recent in
recent weeks actually when he talked
about that the Saudi should pay more
perhaps
well actually talking about as I'm just
gonna interrupt you because I just
wanted to say that President Trump has
been stepping up the rhetoric against
Saudi Arabia recently a couple of weeks
ago he hit out at the saudi-led OPEC oil
cartel for pushing up prices he tweeted
we protect the countries of the Middle
East they would not be safe for very
long without us and yet they continue to
push for higher and higher oil prices we
will remember the OPEC monopoly must get
prices down now and that of a campaign
rally last week this is what the US
president said about the Saudi ruler we
protect Saudi Arabia would you say
they're rich and I love the King King
Solomon but I said King we're protecting
you you might not be there for two weeks
without us you have to pay for your
military
well mermen I think this goes straight
to what you were trying to say is
exactly what I wanted actually to say I
what I was dying I should to say that he
might be using this as a as a leverage
in order to get something from the
Saudis be that on the oil prices or be
that on paying perhaps more in order to
to protect them what I know is that the
Saudis I don't like this way of
addressing them of course and this has
actually generated the sort of response
by the Saudi Crown Prince for you a few
days ago when he said that we are paying
actually the United States for what
whatever we buy from the United see in
terms of weapons and and equipment so I
think this is exactly what I feel that
this administration will be trying to do
when they when they took to the Saudis
about about about democracy could you
maybe well ambassador murphy do you
agree with that that there is a certain
level of frustration lately in
Washington about Riyadh and that this
story in itself might might just be used
as an excuse to pressure Saudi Arabia
and get out of it what what the Trump
administration wants I don't see it that
way I thought that the administration is
looking for extinct which to the Saudis
over oil pricing for instance I'd be
careful about over interpreting some of
the quick comments that the president
makes he says one thing and then the
next day he's modified it or an advisor
said well that isn't what he meant so I
repeat the relationship an important one
it's been a sturdy one not without
tensions but I don't see this developing
into a major crisis between Saudi Arabia
and the United States okay and you know
that Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman
has has had this image over the past few
years of being this young reformer he's
allowing women to drive his open movie
theaters and
he went on a quite successful tour in
the u.s. even praised Silicon Valley but
there is a sort of more oppressive side
to him that some Saudis would tell you
about you know female activists being
detained and a whole long list of quite
prominent people in Saudi Arabia do you
think at least that that image that he
was but he's been trying to impose quite
successfully in the West will be a
little bit shaken by this Jamal
Khashoggi disappearance see a prominent
journalist involved and seen as a victim
of another government that triggers very
quick emotional response in the United
States
okay well international pressure has
been growing on Saudi Saudi indicators
we cage the u.s. has voiced concern and
this is what the UN had to say we're
very concerned about a number of recent
cases of reports cases and reports of
violence against journalists including
the murder of Victoria Marie Nova in
Bulgaria that this reported
disappearance of Jamal Khashoggi both
publicly and privately the Secretary
General has often raised this issue with
member states the Secretary General's
position is clear a free press is
essential for peace justice and human
rights for all he reiterates his call on
all governments to strengthen press
freedom including ensuring that there is
justice and accountability for crimes
committed against journalists well honey
I mean now let's look at the EU of it it
is the place where freedom of speech and
human they kind of champion its human
rights and freedom of speech and all the
rest of it how do you think apart from
the you know the the official statements
we've heard do you think there will be
any kind of impact there between the
relationship between the two sides
I think there will be this crisis is
mushrooming into a major affair that is
unprecedented in a way it's going to
surprise I bet all the parties involved
I mean when you look at the statement by
or on behalf of the Secretary General of
the UN at least it had some kind of
moral and political detail in it that is
needed to make a difference that's what
the u.s. statement was lacking even the
European with all due respect statement
statements by multiple countries are
also we're lacking so they will not have
the initial impact but should the crisis
escalate as most of us can have expected
analytically to do until we know the
actual results of the investigation I
would say that these statements would
escalate they would change they will
have a little bit more detail we might
get to know exactly what the president
of the United States means when he says
I don't like it whether he is just
talking superficially or whether he has
some specific information at his
disposal that is causing his discomfort
but to continue to expect after seven
days of a crisis of this magnitude that
is escalating because it is basically
dealing with a figure that has become
like it or not
larger than life yes there are many
people around the world that get
kidnapped and that get killed daily that
nobody pays attention to but the fact
that it was foggy it was at this
particular time in this particular
method the fact that the media
immediately focused on something that
happened to one of their colleagues so
you know allegedly by a country that
presents itself as run by a reformer all
that I think is contributing to the
escalation and might have
larger-than-life impact in terms of
dealing with these issues including
freedoms that in the past
with all due respect to all these people
that are making these statements whether
it's the US or Europeans or the UN they
seem to somehow you know treat the Arab
world and the Muslim world with a sense
of exception as if it's not entitled
fully to the same freedoms and to the
same rights well my one the last word
for you
Saudi Arabia is going through
transformation something that even Jamal
Haji has repeated more than once even
though he didn't he doesn't agree with
the way it's been done do you think that
considering how this crisis just became
such of such magnitude the royal court
at this stage will be rethinking its
ways what what kind of damage control
will they try to do I don't really know
because because we don't know how this
court is run in the first place we don't
know who's in charge in Saudi Arabia is
it King Salman or is it Mohammed bin
Salman or is it the advisers who are
giving Mohammed bin Salman I mean this
bad advice because certainly what
happened in Istanbul was a very big
miscalculation and my in my opinion and
if the Saudis thought that actually by
having these extreme measures against
Canada a few weeks ago when they
actually when the Canadian foreign
ministry tweeted concerning the the
detention of human rights activists and
Saudi Arabia which scare of all
governments in the world if they do
something like this
against America shortly I think that is
that must be a very big miscalculation
I think the way Saudi Arabia is run
today especially in terms of his foreign
policy is is a mixture of arrogance and
ignorance to the extent that they are as
I said before they are moving from one
crisis into another and the way if they
want to control the damage right now is
going to be in my opinion very difficult
to do that at this particular stage
indeed I agree with with ambassador
Murphy I'm not expecting a major crisis
between Saudi Arabia and the United
States but I expect that the whole world
will be looking in a very different way
to Saudi Arabia and to Crown Prince
Mohammed bin Salman if it's proved that
Jamal keshavjee is murdered inside the
Saudi consulate in Istanbul
well Jamal kazursky has been living in
self-imposed exile and he said many
times that at this moment there was no
space for debate in the kingdom when it
comes to journalists and intellectuals
what happened to him still remains a
mystery but certainly it could very well
prove that wali what he has been saying
all along is true but we have now
reached the end of this conversations of
thanks to all our guest ambassador
Richard Murphy Khalil Jackson and Marwan
Kabul on and thank you too for watching
you can see this program again any time
by visiting our web site aljazeera.com
and for further discussion go to our
Facebook page that's facebook.com
forward slash AJ inside story you can
also join the conversation on twitter
our handle is at aj inside story from me
heard abdel hamid and the whole team
here in Doha bye for now
you
