and the journalist Tom Wolfe was skilled
at portraying the essence of his times
from the hallucinogenics 1960s sex drugs
and rock and roll road trip of his book
the electric kool-aid acid test to the
steel nerves of test pilots and
astronauts in the right stuff which
became a hit movie he infused his
factual reporting with novelistic
techniques and a firecracker prose style
becoming one of the first exemplars of
an influential trend called the New
Journalism what we look upon a success
or even genius in literature is about
70% material and 30% talent Woolf wrote
blockbuster novels as well including his
portrait of greed racism and excess
wealth in the me decade of 1980s New
York the bonfire of the vanities which
also was turned into a film merciless
when it came to pretension and hypocrisy
he enraged liberals with his 1970 essay
on radical chic it's skewered a
fundraiser given for the Black Panther
Party by the rich composer and symphony
conductor Leonard Bernstein in his
lavish penthouse apartment where maids
in starched aprons served delicate
canapes two self-proclaimed
revolutionaries and New York's patrons
of the Arts Wolfe was not above
pretentiousness in his personal
appearance always dressing in
old-fashioned attire including white
suits high starched collars silk
handkerchiefs and spats Wolfe was both
loathe and loved by many he will be
remembered for his unique style and his
ability to crystallize a moment that
refracted a tumultuous era rob reynolds
al jazeera
