the individual stories sometimes get
lost in the shockingly high number of
casualties 23 year-old Ahmad was shot in
the ankle mahmoud is 19 Israeli snipers
targeted him not just in one but both
legs 26 year old alas suffers from a
disability she was shot in the abdomen
Israeli snipers targeted the chest of 22
year old Ahmed he finds it difficult to
speak German Sakhalin s o clock I shall
need English afar off the day before the
loudspeakers called on us to go to
protest against the US Embassy in
Jerusalem we went there and all of a
sudden so many people were killed and
injured there is no life in Gaza no
future the doctors here are exhausted
the injuries just kept coming one after
the other we doctors have to stay awake
for long hours be here for long hours
I'm an eye specialist and I've had to go
around to most of the hospitals in Gaza
to check the patients I've hardly been
home outside the intensive care unit
a desperate wait for news everyone
waiting here in the corridor has either
relatives or friends that have been
injured in Monday's protests now the
hospital exact capacity were being told
there are no beds left and you can see
that here this is actually the female
unit the women's unit but it's been
filled with men the women who were here
before had to be taken to other places
to make way of the sheer number if
influx the hospital has we find a girl
who was shot a man was declared dead by
doctors here her heart stopped twice but
they managed to revive her
she suffers from a disability but her
mother tells us that she is very good at
embroidery and shows us some of her work
that's what she was doing on Sunday at
the communal protest tents east of Gaza
City far away from Israel's fence but
we're told she was shot by a sniper as
she walked along
yes sir enter in bunker yes doctors have
to remove part of her pancreas part of
her liver part of her spleen and also
part of her small intestine she lost all
of that outside we find Ahmed
22 years old cheeky and still smiling
the muscle in his lower left leg is gone
he is waiting to be transferred to
another hospital well they're valid
unless the situation is really difficult
here people are suffering
we've lost our future we don't have the
basic foundations of life all we did was
just go and ask for our rights and the
Israelis shooters that's what everyone
here tells us life has become unlivable
blockaded by Israel Egypt and caught
between Palestinian factional infighting
they say the situation here has never
been worse and it seems they're not even
allowed to complain Stephanie Decker
al-jazeera Gaza
