the hundreds who gathered here had come
to celebrate a day the US president said
had been too long in coming
among them representatives of the US
Congress who'd long worked for the
embassy move and evangelical Christians
to whom Donald Trump had promised it on
the campaign trail and I believe father
I speak for every one of us when we say
we thank you every day that you have
given us a president who boldly stands
on the right side of history but there
were two men most here had come to see
the first appeared by video message as I
said in December our greatest hope is
for peace the United States remains
fully committed to facilitating a
lasting peace agreement ii wouldn't have
been anywhere but here
Benjamin Netanyahu enjoying a triumphant
moment to the full we have no better
friends in the world you stand for
Israel and you stand for Jerusalem thank
you he said that as he was speaking
Israeli soldiers were defending Israel
on the border with Gaza they can have
been few days which have more starkly
exemplified the totally competing
realities of the Israelis and the
Palestinians on a day we've seen
large-scale loss of life on the Gaza
border here in Jerusalem at the new US
Embassy the talk has been a celebration
of vindication and indeed of peace
president Trump's son-in-law Jared
Kushner is the man he entrusted with
formulating his peace plan in the face
of Palestinian protests in opposition
he said the embassy move would help
ensure its success when there is peace
in this region we will look back upon
this day and remember that the journey
to peace started with a strong America
recognizing the truth but as he spoke
Palestinians were protesting as close as
they were allowed to the embassy before
police moved in to disperse them and the
Palestinian president was definitive in
his continued refusal to work with the
Trump administration today they opened
the embassy this is not an embassy it's
a u.s. settlement outpost before that we
had an Israeli settlement outposts with
the American support but now we have an
American settlement outpost in East
Jerusalem that's been the position since
Donald Trump's recognition of Jerusalem
Israel's capital last December now that
declaration has been cast in stone its
consequences remain far less define
Harry Fawcett al Jazeera West Jerusalem
