rage on as a Palestinians have been
dreading moving the US embassy from Tel
Aviv to Jerusalem has been condemned
around the world since it was announced
in December Palestinians have been
protesting in the thousands near Gaza
border with Israel we're here at the
eastern border with Gaza the occupation
will transfer the US Embassy to occupied
Jerusalem they say it's the capital of
Israel but Jerusalem is the capital of
Palestine not Israel but this isn't just
about the embassy it's the culmination
of decades of grievances the blockade
that has made life in Gaza unbearable
and the Palestinians demands to return
to the homes they were forced out of so
many years ago in the West Bank more
signs of anger but protests in Bethlehem
and a similar scene in Ramallah with
rallies opposing the embassy move to a
city that is claimed as a capital by
both Palestinians and Israelis many
governments have criticized a decision
they believe it will worsen tensions
between Israel and Palestine Turkey's
president says the US has now forfeited
its mediator role in the Middle East
phenomena America the United States has
chosen to be part of the problem rather
than the solution with its latest step
and has lost its mediating role in the
peace process for generations US
presidents have signed a waiver to delay
moving the American Embassy Israel is
elated the wait is over last December
President Trump became the first world
leader to recognize Jerusalem as our
capital and today the United States of
America is opening its embassy right
here in Jerusalem the pictures tell the
story of deep divisions the two
different versions of reality
cheer is a victory in West Jerusalem
along with a sense of high security and
control
in Gaza and occupied territories further
chaos and outrage
Katia Lopez OD Y on al Jazeera
