between 2015 and 2017 the Southern
Poverty Law Center recorded a tripling
in groups that it says promote
anti-muslim sentiment in America called
Sharia the threat to America its
adherents call it Charisse right there's
sorry Allah what we're really talking
about our conspiracy theories about
Muslims so for example all Muslims are
terrorists Muslims are incapable of
fitting in in Western societies on the
eve of Ramadan Al Jazeera's
investigative unit examines how the
groups that have become known as
Islamophobia incorporated influenced the
country's view of American Muslims outer
Zira's analysis of the industry's
financial records reveals that millions
of dollars in funding is received
through third party organizations acting
as a front which allows the original
donors to remain hidden it's known as
dark money over the last decade we've
seen hundreds of millions of dollars
spent by dark money groups it is
overwhelmingly from conservative /
Republican groups leaving some to fear
an increasing shift by the Republican
Party to the right of American politics
these are groups that fund mainstream
Republican organizations the idea of
anti-muslim
groups and individuals that would have
traditionally been seen to extreme for
the Republican Center doesn't seem to be
the case anymore that's deeply worrying
a shift in politics that potentially
impacts at the very top of government
how powerful is that
Islamophobia Lobby here in DC it's
notable force influential do you believe
Donald Trump himself is an islamaphobe
yes I certainly do absolutely and I
think he carries within him his own set
a list of hatreds
I think some people are better than
others with the latest FBI figures
showing an increase in anti-muslim
incidents many American Muslims now fear
they may no longer be welcome in the
country they call home
Simon Bozeman how does era Washington DC
