charities only son is dead i saya died
of measles two months ago and she wishes
she has time to grieve but not here not
in this camp with six other children to
feed her husband Moses says it's a life
they could never have imagined and it
keeps getting worse
Marjorie Marchi we are not ourselves
anymore look at us now we have abandoned
our farms i was cultivating 15 to 16
Hector's they fled their village in a
bachina after it was attacked by a
militia last January they say their
homes were burned and they managed to
make it to this camp with only the
clothes on their backs there are more
than 35,000 evacuees living in this camp
alone and the number keeps rising the
situation is particularly more difficult
for children at least 27 children have
already died since the crisis began in
January there is a measles outbreak here
and there's not a single doctor
available it's mainly between the mostly
Christian farming communities and the
ethnic Fulani Muslim herdsmen and the
attacks on civilians continue to
escalate in Ben West States alone at
least a hundred eighty thousand people
have been displaced and more than 60% of
them are children they have been living
in camps like this one without basic
facilities like decent shelter
electricity or even toilets they have
lost their homes their livelihoods and
their children are enabled to go to
school
Ben WA state governors Samuel autumn
accuses ethnic Fulani herdsmen of being
behind the attacks he is asking the
federal government in the capital Abuja
for help
I can see family I can't see hunger
around the land I can't see epidemic and
often people
food regions arrive but these are barely
enough aid workers say at least five
families arrive here every day and the
majority of the children who died here
were not able to see a doctor and this
is what mercy Chihuly fears the most her
7 month old baby is sick with measles
too and she can't afford to buy medicine
so for now she can only pray she's named
her boy turning gay which in her
language means God sees everything
Jamel Allen dog and aljazeera mccurdy in
Benue State Central Nigeria
