intolerance and anger have gripped parts
of white America assault on Muslim
Americans are increasing an explosion
and a Bloomington Islamic Center send
them back to the dustbin they come from
and let them go sit on a camel almost
died just because I was Muslim we saw a
number of attacks of mosque Muslim women
and men across the country completely
skyrocket
this investigation traces two groups
that promote Islamophobia the fear of
Muslims women raped on the streets of
Germany because of unvetted Islamic
refugees fully implemented whether it's
Europe
is the goal we exposed the tactics used
to influence social media some of these
numbers are staggering every day is
pumping this stuff out to huge audiences
and we reveal their connections to
members of the Trump administration
would you have sessions up to the
election after the election
do you believe Donald Trump is an
islamaphobe yes I certainly do you need
to go and leave our country if Muslims
are attacking us if Muslims are a threat
what do we do the logical conclusion is
violence
living in America everyone believes in
God
bacon I'd like bacon and God I pray for
those that are gonna eat today that they
would bless the food as well in Jesus
name Amen
this is your wake-up call
be advised you got Muslims around here
bacon bomb for their bag Ruben Israel is
a street preacher a self-styled defender
of Christianity who confronts Muslims on
America's streets here's an infidel
right here here's an infidel right here
what are you gonna do we have banners
and tools for every occasion here you
have one of who Muhammad was and what
their religion is about my religion
tells me that Islam is the bastard
religion most people in America do
believe Islam is bad but don't want to
say that yes according to the wall well
we got a president that we put in office
based on his on what he has to say about
the Islam
your religion chops heads off your
religion is wicked it's starting to be
awakening in America this country is
going to be taken over by Islam go to
that sandbox with thousands of online
followers
Ruben's popularity reflects a growing
anti-muslim sentiment in America I've
never thought this way in my life I
can't even believe I'm saying this it is
such a hateful hateful ideology they
don't belong in a sentiment that was
weaponized by Donald Trump Donald J
Trump is calling for a total and
complete shutdown of Muslims entering
the United States Donald Trump's
rhetoric has given licence and space and
fuel to Santa phobia but at the same
time it did not invent it it did not
bring it about
attacks on American soil by militant
islamists have raised genuine fears
about the nation's security in the past
commentators distinguished between the
faith and those who act in its name but
no longer there is nothing in the Koran
that speaks to a spiritual jihad it is a
war against non-muslims now a
multi-million dollar industry is using
American news networks to push the
message that Islam itself is a threat
the Islamophobia industry is a
tight-knit group of individuals and
organizations that for lots of money
whip up fervour among the general public
about the fear of Islam across America
the number of organizations that are
promoting an anti-muslim sentiment has
tripled in the last three years
according to the Southern Poverty Law
Center what we're really talking about
our conspiracy theories about Muslims so
for example all Muslims are terrorists
Muslims are incapable of fitting in in
Western societies just kind of be
organized it's incredibly widespread
we're talking about groups that have
hundreds of thousands of members in
America the scale of it is terrifying
this investigation examines the
organizations that make up Islamophobia
Incorporated we traced the donors who
provide millions of dollars to bankroll
the movement and we asked what do they
ultimately hope to achieve one of the
biggest groups in this industry is act
for America run by Brigitte Gabriel
remember Europe is a preview of what's
coming to America just look at cases of
women raped on the streets of Germany
because of unvetted Islamic refugees
they described themselves as a national
security organization they claim to have
750,000 members and grassroots political
connections I think of at for America as
sort of the shock troops and the ground
troops
for the Islamophobic Network in the
United States they are the ones who
actually have people on the ground in
many many communities doing you know
anti-muslim agitating the founder and
the president of the Center for Security
Policy my friend and the one and only
Frank Gaffney the Center for security
policy has powerful allies in Washington
hey Beck
it's run by Frank Gaffney former member
of President Reagan's administration he
is far and away the most influential and
high-profile islamaphobe or anti-muslim
advocate on Capitol Hill he's very
effective with his organization they
regularly attacked Muslim politicians
both Democrats and Republicans
suggesting that they are seeking to
infiltrate the United States government
Pamela Geller and Robert Spencer are
banned from the UK under laws preventing
hate speech but in the United States
they run two of the most popular
websites that characterize Muslims as a
threat Islamic law asserts its authority
over non-muslims which is why you see
the persecution oppression and
subjugation and slaughter of non-muslims
in Muslim countries their purpose is
really to take hold of the Internet and
use the Internet as a space to organize
people for mass protests that then
eventuates in physical forms of activism
barýþ fencer air party hug watch with
some important information about the
shadowy and powerful organization known
as the Muslim Brotherhood what this
movement is managed to do is manage to
take incredibly marginalized obscure
conspiratorial understandings of
essentially 1.6 billion Muslims and it's
managed to make the mainstream where we
all of a sudden have that near a
consensual negative perception of
Muslims across huge swathes of the West
it's extremely dangerous this
investigation has discovered the simple
but effective tactics these groups use
to instigate a fear of Islam is a front
for the Muslim Brotherhood the
Brotherhood Muslim Brotherhood there are
many people like that operating and
working within our government the Muslim
Brotherhood is a religiously inspired
political movement that has challenged
authoritarian regimes in the Middle East
the industry's messaging presents it as
a sinister cult the Muslim Brotherhood
must understand that their work in
America is a kind of grand jihad in
eliminating and destroying the Western
civilization from within and sabotaging
it's miserable house if you believe the
Islamophobia industry the Muslim
Brotherhood is behind pretty much every
single Muslim Civic political
organization in the United States and
possibly in the world
groups like the Muslim Brotherhood the
likelihood of that being the case seems
rather low the evidence of that being
the case seems rather non-existent the
Muslim Brotherhood to these people is a
secret society that exists to infiltrate
it's a sinister Christianity devouring
monster
the Islamic legal code Sharia is also
referred to as a threat to American
justice
Sharia the threat to America its
adherents call it Sharia right there
sorry Allah the use of terms like Sharia
serve a number of purposes one is that
people simply don't know what they mean
but the fact that they are also foreign
sounding words means that when you
project a malevolent meaning onto them
that might not be accurate people are
more willing to believe it in one year
four of the leading anti-muslim groups
used the word Sharia on Twitter alone
nearly 2000 times some of these numbers
are staggering if we look at say Frank
Gaffney
I mean look he's got total of 1200 for
here in a year and that's just the word
Sharia every day is pumping this stuff
out to huge audiences repetition and
message is what these groups survive
with that's what they need is to make
sure that people identify Sharia as
being an inherently malevolent force and
a threat to American Way of life as long
as a fascist ideology frank gaffney says
Sharia is coming he says Sharia is
taking over and he says it time after
time after time
they see it pop up on their timeline and
then they see it pop up on Pam Kelly's
time when they see it on robber
Spencer's time with his audience seeing
this constantly all day perceive a
threat that maybe by the tiny or
non-existent they see it as overwhelming
and terrifying in 2017 act for America
persuaded thousands across 28 US cities
to march in opposition to the supposed
spread of Sharia Surya is a political
ideology and the guise of religion but
this premise that Sharia is a threat is
false Sharia is his guidance to live an
Islamic life Sharia poses no more threat
to the US Constitution than the writings
in the Old Testament of the Bible the
concern for us is when you demonize an
entire population it makes it very easy
for other people to commit acts of
violence against that population right
because they come to be viewed as a
threat and you know to protect yourself
from threats you need violence I think
the link is fairly direct honestly now
I'm not saying that Brigitte Gabriel or
or or Frank Gaffney has attacked a
Muslim but what I mean is they gin up
this anti-muslim hate machine and it
Spurs other people who do have violent
impulses
on a warm summer's night in Minneapolis
in June 2016 Abdul Rahman Hasan and his
friends were playing basketball
that night was kind of eerie we're
walking seeing good people they're
looking at the way we're addressing one
of them said Muslims we'd dismissed it
and just got it till the car and as
we're driving off we hear it again
the driver slows down says what would
you guys say something like that want to
put his head down to the window I said I
said it's Muslims what are you guys
gonna do about it
next thing I know the guys in front of
the car he's holding a gun is that a gun
what is that oh my god that's a gun he
said I have a license to carry I'm gonna
kill you guys I put the car and drive I
took my head the car just started moving
he started shooting I hear a bullet go
past my head next thing I know I look
down and there's blood flowing all over
my leg has a lot of blood
his leg was gushing from both sides as
they raced to the hospital they realized
Abdullah had also been hit I looked down
and he's bleeding he has all his leg
and I wiped my leg and I not felt a hole
in my leg and then I started freaking
out the gunman Anton ISA weena was found
guilty of five counts of attempted
murder
the judge cited Islamophobia as a motive
for the shooting so weena was sentenced
to 39 years in jail this is injustice at
its finest and you know that you are
nervous he is currently appealing the
sentence other than them being Muslim
would there be another reason why he
would shoot them no because the reality
is he identified him as Muslims and
that's what he targeted the bullet it
hit here and went through all the way to
here I used to have nightmares like he
I just be sleeping and the next thing I
know like I'm shot in the dream I wake
up and it's like my whole bed is wet
with sweat problems died just because I
was Muslim just because of what I was
wearing this is crazy I wouldn't I'm
America the latest FBI statistics show
that in the two years up to 2016 the
number of anti-muslim incidents which
often mean acts of violence had doubled
since then many Muslims believe the
numbers have increased further we saw
after the election of the president and
the presidential order of Muslim ban
coming to affect the number of attacks
of mosque the number of tax on Muslim
women and men across the country number
of people being killed who are Muslim in
this country completely skyrocket
Minneapolis in Minnesota has become home
to Somali refugees escaping war and
famine Mohamed Omar is one of them
I came here I found home because many
Somalis were here and people in
Minnesota generally nice and welcome
they didn't felt this changer he is the
director of the dar al Farooq mosque an
education center since the election of
President Trump Mohammed has become
increasingly aware of the influence of
the Islamophobia industry people will
call you and they will say some bad
things move out from here you don't
belong here
a guy came here and he said you guys are
implementing Sharia law here so I will
come our bombed this place around 4:00
a.m. worshippers were at the mosque for
morning prayers a smoking object was
thrown through the window of the Imams
office when they finished that cordoned
the prayer a guy said this is smoke
coming from the weather windows and as
they were running towards the front door
the bomb went off an explosion at a
Bloomington Islamic Center caused by an
improvised explosive device I feel like
in a war zone
I feel like back home but the attack on
the community wasn't over online report
of the bombing were quick to attract
anti-muslim sentiment and they began to
incorrectly link the mosque to terrorism
articles and comments suggested that the
bombing may have been faked president
Trump refused to condemn the attack and
his spokesman later explained why soon
when you've had people fake hate crimes
in the last six months with some
regularity I think it's wise don't you
to find out what exactly is going on
before you make statements when in fact
they could turn out to be not who you
are expecting the president's reaction
is despicable and disgusting what
prevented him from saying a house of
worship has been bombed in my country
that country I am supposed to defend and
protect and I feel the pain of those who
are suffering with the White House
failing to denounce the attack the hate
messages continued some of the comments
are very scary this guy Derrick says
should light all these buildings on fire
with chains on the exits
these vermin are a plague that needs to
be eradicated makes me feel sad it makes
me feel upset seven months after the
attack members of a white Patriot
movement were arrested in connection
with the incident they are currently
awaiting trial a direct link between
rhetoric and violence is hard to prove
but there has been a rise in anti-muslim
incidents since 2009 the year the
Islamophobia industry emerged as a
popular movement the beginnings of the
latest outburst of anti-muslim activity
in the u.s. started around the time of
what they call the Ground Zero mosque
controversy 2009 when opportunistic
Republicans got involved with claiming
these horrible Muslims are putting a
mosque on sacred ground near Ground Zero
they started to whip up these feelings
and these fears about Muslims in an
aggressive way the opposition is
spearheaded by a group known as stop the
Islamization of America I have no
problem with 1.5 billion Muslims that
have
but Islamic supremacism I have a problem
with suddenly they were on CNN they were
on Fox News they were the other side in
a network News's attempt to create a
balanced argument it didn't matter that
their arguments from mostly comprised of
lies their anti Muslim messaging was
also being heard by wealthy donors who
began to bankroll these organizations
anti-muslim groups have budgets that
range from hundreds of thousands up to
millions of dollars a year
there's probably tens of millions of
dollars sloshing around if not a hundred
million every year in in budgets that
they operate with Al Jazeera's
investigative unit examined the funding
of six of the leading anti-muslim groups
in financial documents we discovered
millions of dollars provided by
anonymous donor funds it's known as dark
money given to these groups by front
organizations while the real donor
remains hidden we shared our evidence
with financial experts one thing that
really jumps out to me is the central
role it seems of this donor advised fund
called donors trust and its affiliated
one called donors capital fund these are
groups that fund mainstream Republican
organizations over the last decade we've
seen hundreds of millions of dollars
spent by dark money groups it is
overwhelmingly from conservative Pro
Republican groups when you see
organizations like donors trust like the
Bradley Foundation like the Scafe
Foundation's giving money to members of
what is fundamentally a fringe
anti-muslim movement it means that we're
seeing a shift of the mainstream
Republican Party to the right these
donations have fueled the industry's
rapid expansion the donors are enormous
ly important to the messaging of the
Islamophobia Network
with the rise of social media the
ability to buy sponsored space
sponsoring tweets to pay for Facebook
advertising I've actually written this
new book and yes this is an
advertisement there are concerns that
these funds are also being used to
manipulate social media and expand the
reach of the industry we found
categorical evidence that anti-muslim
messages are being both manipulated and
expanded and amplified on social media
and there's a couple of ways we found
people doing this one is first of all by
buying and followers individuals buying
fake accounts and the reason they do
that is is the way that we use social
media now is we respect people more we
trust people more that have supposedly a
larger following so they've seen as more
authoritative perhaps more worrying
though as we found over 100 cases of
what you called BOTS retweeting and
promoting pom the Gellers content they
are amplifying her message so when she
puts out a story
it reaches a far wider audience than it
would otherwise through this
manipulation tactic pamela geller has
denied any knowledge of the bots that
were found to be spreading her online
messages
in part two we show how the anti-muslim
industry has tried to influence the
training of police officers he's a
poison salesman you don't want a law
enforcement community infected with
these hateful ideas and how the industry
is attempting to silence the political
voice of American Muslims fear does
terrible things to democracy fear kills
freedom our flag don't run we are pure
Americans al Jazeera has been
investigating the growing number of
organizations in America that promote
anti-muslim messaging it's become an
industry in itself
Islamophobia incorporated
in August 2017 months of far-right
protesting culminated in Charlottesville
Virginia
while demonstrating against a racist
rally
Heather hair was run down and killed
Azir Khan witnessed the violence
look at that writing on the wall all
gave some some gave wall Heather it's
one of them that she gave all con is
honored as a gold star father his son a
u.s. Marine died in combat in Iraq at a
Democratic Party election rally can
criticize Donald Trump's anti-muslim
rhetoric you have sacrificed nothing and
no one from question.why Ghazala khan
remained silent at her husband's side
implying that as a Muslim woman she was
required to be subservient she had
nothing to say she probably maybe she
wasn't allowed to have anything to say
are you the Goldstar father yes I'm so
sad no no my sniper twice my son had
four deployments three in Iraq and one
in Afghanistan God thank you do you
think those behind the Islamophobia
movement have deliberately forgotten the
Muslims buried at Arlington Cemetery
yeah because it remembering them will
not serve their purpose hateful rhetoric
serves their purpose brings the money
brings the political support and people
get all worried and concerned whereas
there is no such threat especially by
Muslims that live in United States
do you believe Donald Trump himself is
an islamaphobe yes I certainly do
absolutely anyone who believes Sharia
law supplants American law will not be
given an immigrant visa this on phobia
Network has had great impact over Donald
Trump in the rhetoric that he's used it
has had so much impact in so many of the
policies that he's now propagated I
think he carries within him his own set
a list of hatreds
I think some people are better than
others and whether it has to do with
pigmentation or religious belief or
where you come from no he has subscribes
to that and he proves it all the time
how powerful is that
Islamophobia Lobby here in DC it's
notable force influential its influence
shows no sign of diminishing if the
United States is not safe all the other
issues are secondary Donald Trump's
national security adviser John Bolton is
a longtime supporter of Frank Gaffney
and Pamela Geller the idea of
anti-muslim groups and individuals that
have traditionally been seen to extreme
for the Republican Center
doesn't seem to be the case in that's
deeply boring I went in with my eyes
wide open I knew that they were going to
be attacks on my religion last week
tomorrow we'll be in court side Thursday
in Yuma and Friday when Deidre Abood
announced that she would run as a
Democratic candidate for the Arizona
Senate seat her campaign became the
focus of anti-muslim protest the
Islamophobia industry is keen to prevent
Muslims gaining elected office they had
their white supremacist flags they had
signs it was all anti-muslim that you
know we were wanted to take over and
that were called and you know this is
the usual language Deidre also received
thousands of online messages attacking
her faith she observed a pattern I think
the actual coming to my page that was
organic but the talking points are not
organic they always come back with the
exact same argument word for word it is
definitely an orchestrated event today
Deidre is in the town of quartzite in
rural Arizona despite its remoteness we
still see the reach of Islamophobia
incorporated they were concerned that
Islamic law was already being enforced
in the United States I care about when
they try to supersede the law of the
land which is the constitution have you
seen any evidence of that there's four
towns that are currently under Muslim
law and Chicago miles will be this
information you're getting about Muslims
and the Sharia law where do you get that
from you can pull it off an app just
wake up sharra law from his online
research Poole says the Quran has a
clear message and says you just kill all
infidels and torture them but it also
says that you know you can accept other
people's religions as well and it also
says kill anybody of another religion
and do you think that Deidre's here to
kill people I don't know what they are I
mean we've had a lot of instances of
Muslims trying to kill people who thinks
President Trump is dealing with the
problem brought about by his predecessor
I believe they have partially United a
nation was divided by an obvious month
one which was head
Obama President Obama and I were somehow
connected to Hezbollah being a member of
al Qaeda that I'm a sleeper cell
President Obama's a sleeper cell few
thousands of sleeper cell I mean things
that are ridiculous I've been called a
member of the Muslim Brotherhood I've
been of course accused of being a
terrorist sympathizer I've been accused
of any number of ridiculous absurd
outrageous things those accusations have
real consequences I've received death
threats over the years many have said
look that's just a price I'm not willing
to pay I don't want to get into the
political arena though my name is Deidre
Abood I'm running for US Senate
when Deidre met the residents of
quartzite they brought up America's
largest Muslim civil rights group the
council for American Islamic relations
or care one resident repeated the same
keyword messaging that dominates web
traffic if in fact care is a front for
the Muslim Brotherhood which has clearly
set out their agenda for America
okay so first of all the idea that
Muslims are trying to make everybody
Muslim and make the government Muslim if
you look at even majority Muslim
countries they're actually secular or at
least civil the residents later told me
they feared the Muslim Brotherhood would
come to quartzite some of the things
that I have read specifically again
Muslim Brotherhood their agenda is to
infiltrate to get into politics to get
into churches to get into schools but
how do we get to a point where you're
not they're suspicious of people like
leader or you're not worried about
Sharia in America how do I come to that
point how do we get to the point where
we're not worried about you ruin
I expected that we would probably have
people with flags and signs but
considering that it's been in the paper
several times since July and we have one
truck I feel like we're doing pretty
good their concern is not about our
safety
it's not about national security their
real agenda is the marginalization of
American Muslims they will go after to
the nail American Muslims serving in the
public arena they want to suppress the
rise of a American Muslim political
voice they just don't want anyone in the
Muslim community to be able to
participate in the public square al
Jazeera has been investigating the
financial records of the organizations
that fund Islamophobia incorporated most
of the donors we examined shared a
common association almost 80% had
vocally or financially supported causes
that promote the State of Israel I think
the thing that's most distressing
for me was to see quite a number of
Jewish organizations and what are really
quite mainstream Jewish organizations so
Jewish Federations in San Francisco and
Chicago as well as foundations like the
current foundation it's extremely
upsetting that a Jewish organization
would be funding and funneling money to
these organizations that are promoting
Islamophobia and especially I think with
most of us who are Jewish have an
awareness of the past the scapegoating
that Jewish people have experienced
there are a lot of conservative Jews
involved in this movement they see
Muslims as a threat in the West Bank and
Gaza as much as they see them as a
threat in Detroit right to American
politics those of us who cherish Israel
as our most devoted of allies are
outraged at the disgraceful decision by
the Obama administration a war against
Israel is a religious war the Israelis
just have to stand strong and all three
people should stand with them is they're
on the front lines of the same global
jihad that threatens all free people
Ponta Muslim entities are motivated by
their blind support to the State of
Israel and their fear that the growth
and development of American Muslims will
help Americans and the American
administration's adjust their positions
to be more fair and just towards the
Palestinian people the impulse to
silence and to bully and to intimidate
is part of a long-range strategy to keep
Muslim communities from being a strong
political force in this country it also
justifies policy supporting Israel at
the same time that Israel's assaulting
Palestinian Human Rights a further
insight into the motive of the donors is
found in leaked financial records
obtained by Al Jazeera the documents
from the Lynde and Harry Bradley
foundation reveal a request for funding
from an anti-muslim group the money
would be used to combat the Muslim
Student Association it's reprehensible
they understand that students are the
next generation of people were gonna be
rising into leadership in this country
and they want to really limit
the parameters of conversation that are
possible on campus and I think that's
also where it connects to the policies
around Israel because often those in
certain associations want to talk about
Palestine rights it causes a fear in a
chilling effect within the Muslim
community to say perhaps America isn't
welcoming to us perhaps there are areas
including public service where we can't
go and serve because we'll be under an
attack and I think that's a tragedy the
Islamic phobia industry feeds on fear
and the problem there is that fear does
terrible things to democracy fear kills
freedom in response to our request for
comment the Lynde and Harry Bradley
Foundation said we support a diverse
array of projects and organizations that
are aligned with our mission to restore
strengthen and protect the principles of
freedom
the remaining donor groups that
responded to Al Jazeera said they were
simply doing what the anonymous
benefactors wanted the organization's
you listed were funded at the time
through donor directed vehicles
we administered these funds on behalf of
the donors making distributions that
comply with all US legal requirements we
do not take independent policy positions
but make grants based solely on account
holders advice our investigation has
also discovered that the influence of
the Islamophobia industry extends beyond
politics into law enforcement
he's John Doe counterterrorism expert
good morning former FBI officer John
cuando lo addressing an anti-muslim
March hosted by Pamela Geller one of the
founders of Islamophobia Incorporated
one dolo states publicly that Muslims
shouldn't have the same rights as other
Americans despite this al Jazeera has
discovered that he has provided
counterterrorism training to American
law enforcement we covertly recorded one
of his courses in Maricopa County
Arizona
one-dollar claims to have had contact
with a senior official in Trump's
administration the Attorney General I
was speaking three or four times a week
with jeff Sessions up to the election
and after the election before the
inauguration and I said sir
you got to give me three or four hours
John
I said because what's gonna happen is as
soon as you're going to do J you're
gonna be a tornado he explained to
police officers the threat supposedly
posed by Muslim students that's
ridiculous we showed our evidence to a
former FBI counterterrorism agent this
is just a rhetoric of fear these
organizations have a right to exist
they're part of America's fabric have
there been cases specific cases where
extremists have infiltrated and
influenced these orphan organizations
absolutely but to say that all of these
organizations are the enemy which is
what he's inferring here is just
ludicrous what he's advocating is
dangerous cuando lo compared the civil
rights organization the Council for
American Islamic relations or care to
militants involved in a conflict with
Israel
100% to category 7 which is jihad which
legally we call terrorism in violation
of us so you're here being the most
prominent American voice the most
organized with presence nationwide makes
it a prime target a visible target for
these hate groups because they don't
want to see a strong American Muslim
voice jung-hwan dollars team used
execution video shot by ISIL militants
to explain the concept of Sharia as a
concept is how to live an ethical
Islamic life it's a living concept they
that's open to interpretation
his interpretation takes a very narrow
dangerous view while accepting that not
all Muslims in America are a threat
cuando lo used a survey to suggest that
a large proportion could be the author
of the survey is frank gaffney a leading
member of Islamophobia Incorporated
Shriya okay 30% had texts that were
moderately supportive of violence so you
can see what does that pain so 81% of us
mosques that they went into had texts
that were either moderately supportive
of violence it's disturbing because it's
impossible to tell the context like he
so he's taken a study and a fact pattern
and he's using it to make a case that
80% of the mosques in the United States
are infiltrated by extremists this is a
very dangerous propaganda I can't even
believe that police officers are
listening to a hit manga and are being
misled and poisoned with this dangerous
information for the uninformed it could
give them a data point that becomes very
dangerous I think they should invite
jungwan dolo to give seminars about this
lam if they bring the representative of
the KKK to give information about the
african-american community if they will
do this they can do it other the county
attorney's office in this part of
Arizona has paid seventy thousand
dollars for jeong-hwan dolos courses
they also endorsed the effectiveness of
his training is very valuable helping us
make it one decisions about what to do
with these defendants
if the tactics of John cuando lo
espouses were implemented would it be an
effective counterterrorism policy
absolutely I would be a failure because
it would alienate the communities that
you're trying to protect and inoculate
this extremism against particularly the
Muslim communities right it shows
mistrust we asked the county attorney's
office why they've adopted cuando those
techniques they said it's critical to
effective policing to be aware of the
role extremist ideology can play we
hired mr. Gwon de l'eau to help us
distinguish those individuals who pose a
threat from those who simply share a
common racial or religious background
jeong-hwan dolo didn't respond to our
request for comment he is a snake oil
salesman this stuff is toxic he's a
poison salesman you don't want a law
enforcement community infected with
these hateful ideas because they do have
the power to deploy deadly force
none of the anti-muslim groups who
featured in this program were willing to
be interviewed that three provided
statements are hogwash and Nancy had
watched disputes that there has been a
rise in anti-muslim attacks a large
number of attacks have actually been
faked by the alleged victims the
Southern Poverty Law Center are not a
trustworthy source for identifying real
hate our organization advocates for a
safer America I don't accept that there
has been a rise in anti-muslim violence
recently the only member of the anti
Muslim movement who was happy to talk
with us was Ruben Israel
you are wicked your religion is wicked
look at me look at my face look at my
face you need to you need to leave our
country you need to go and leave our
country
Ruben thinks the next step is to place
Muslim Americans in designated areas for
the safety of our country right now
let's do it
remember we put a Japanese people in a
camp we were at war with Japan and you
think we're at the same stage wars a
little bit different because at least
Japan had the how can I say it
testicles to put on a uniform and fight
us in battle we have to fight back now
to fight back better the real problem
we're gonna face now is is how do we put
the genie back in the bottle now we're
talking about a societal prejudice we're
talking about a pervasiveness that is
much much harder to tackle the worst
case scenario for this movement is that
there is a continued and heightened
persecution of Muslims and the Muslims
are the canary in the coal mine for a
white nationalist movement that's moving
across the United States I think many of
these groups are operating from a place
of fear other groups are trying to make
America great again which for them means
take America back to some mythological
good old days that never existed
this sentiment that we have to go back
to a Christian society and back to a
society that was all white I think is
not only erroneous but it's misplaced
they believe there is a fundamental
incompatibility between Muslims and the
West the real question we need to ask
these people is how do they want to
solve that but the only real tangible
outcome of that is the removal of
Muslims getting rid of Muslims at the
West and we've seen in history what that
means
