manual UDA Chandra says her son Anton
was abducted ten years ago she's
mentally and physically exhausted after
years of trying to find him our details
are registered but four presidential
commissions didn't give us answers we
don't know why they're bringing the so
MP we have no trust in it the OM P
stands for Sri Lanka's newly created
office of missing persons who the
Chandra says as a mother she can't stay
away from a meeting the organisation has
called it invited families of missing
and activists in mana in the northwest
of the country to share their thoughts
and expectations and they did voicing
years of pain and anguish Manor Island
was under military control
we're under military control so our
children have been taken by the military
so he must ask the government if it's
true or false that the military took
them the CID came home the very day I
filed a complaint about my husband going
missing and they kept coming back in
order to safeguard my children I didn't
go to any more meetings on the missing
the office of missing persons is the
first of four mechanisms which Sri Lanka
promised the UN Human Rights Council it
would set up after two years members
were appointed in February this year the
head of the OMP knows that families are
finding it hard to trust the institution
but he says the organization has more
powers than previous commissions and has
urged families to work with it it is a
institution backed by the state it is
set up by the state but which is able to
act independently and be able to
investigate and trace pays people who
have been missing or disappeared and
their circumstances whoever the
perpetrator is that would be welcome
news for families like this group Al
Jazeera spoke to before the OMP meeting
their stories very familiar ani says her
son was taken away by the Tamil Tiger
rebel group two of Marimo to Rita's
daughters disappear
during shelling in the last stages of
the war savanna Surrey son was handed
over to the military at the end of the
conflict they all want one thing to know
the truth
however painful almost ten years after
the end of the war families like those
here in mana are angry and frustrated
many have run out of energy and
resources to keep looking for their
loved ones but are still hoping for
answers answers they hope that the
office of missing persons will help them
find
benefi nan des al Jazeera mana Northwest
Sri Lanka
