since losing Wednesday's election former
Prime Minister Najib Razak was becoming
increasingly isolated after overseeing
the end of his party 61 year rule of
Malaysia he heeded the calls from his
members to resign as president of the
United Malays national organization we
all feel very sad over what has happened
but as a party that opposed democratic
principles we will accept the decision
with an open heart maybe this is an
opportunity for us to improve on our
weaknesses and the shortcomings that we
need to address that announcement came a
few hours after he and his wife Roz
Marmon saw were scheduled to leave from
this Kuala Lumpur Airport for Indonesia
he said it was for a short holiday but
before they could depart the Immigration
Department imposed a travel ban the
order came from Prime Minister Mahathir
Mohamad who was once regarded as Najib's
mentor when they were in the same party
and because of the companies and we find
that some of the complaints are very we
have the end quickly because we don't
want to be centre with the problem of a
new investigation will now be launched
into Najib's alleged role in a
corruption scandal involving the state
investment arm 1mdb the former prime
minister was chairman of the board's
Advisory Council when it was discovered
that billions of dollars had disappeared
at the same time almost 700 million was
transferred to Najib's bank account
which he said had nothing to do with
1mdb
and instead came from a donor in Saudi
Arabia at his home in the Malaysian
capital it was clear that his every move
past and present will be scrutinized
there's already been an investigation
into the state investment fund the
Attorney General who led it was fired
and one of his main investigators was
murdered a new Attorney General was then
appointed who cleared Najib Razak of
wrongdoing in a busy few days for the
prime minister since winning the
election he asked the King to grant a
pardon for former Deputy Prime Minister
Anwar Ibrahim he's serving a five-year
jail term for sodomy which
is politically motivated his family says
he'll be released on Tuesday and it's
expected he'll become prime minister
within the next two years when his
coalition partner Mahathir Mohamad
stands aside Wayne hey al-jazeera Kuala
Lumpur
