there are thought to be around 10
million Catholics in China the majority
worshiping in government approved
churches like this one in Beijing but
many others do so in secret in so-called
underground churches which means they're
often under surveillance and so never
totally safe they see themselves as the
true followers of the Catholic Church in
the official Church the Pope's Authority
is not recognised but that may be about
to change
the reason the Vatican and the Communist
Party appear to be close to an historic
deal a deal that would give Pope Francis
a say in the appointment of Bishops to
the official Church in exchange the
Vatican would recognize bishops ordained
without the Pope's approval in effect a
recognition by the pontiff that the two
churches should become one the
rapprochement between China's Communist
Party and the Vatican is highly
significant China broke off diplomatic
relations with the Vatican almost 70
years ago following the communist party
revolution led by Chairman Mao but now
two of the world's most secretive
organizations are close to announcing a
deal that will decide the future of
China's Catholics the agreement though
has many detractors one prominent critic
has called it a betrayal evil and a
sellout that critic is the former bishop
of Hong Kong Cardinal Joseph Zhen he's
never recognized the Chinese
government's efforts to interfere in the
church and for that reason travel to the
Vatican to warn the Pope face-to-face
against any deal today Cardinal Zen
talks to Al Jazeera
today how risky is it for people to
worship in in so-called underground
churches in China
I think the situation must be very
different and indeed in the cities when
where you have strong underground
community they are masses
every Sunday many people go but they
don't have churches so they say Mass in
the private home these masses
technically illegal obviously illegal
but everybody know everybody know the
neighbors they know that they are there
singing their prey and but the guy who
should he know but could they be
punished if it's illegal you know when I
was teaching in Shanghai I have my
conference solutions same as in the
underground you know what the people
from the the the Public Security you
know what they they told me they say Oh
father saying tell your father to be to
be more discreet Oh what happened
tell him to cross the door when they say
mas you know why because too many people
go there his room is small so they feed
the staircase they feed the kitchen down
there
and still people keep coming so they
have to leave door open that's so much
the government lose face because that's
tolerated that's against the law but now
no more there is instruction now from
the 1st of February they enforce the law
now and what is that law that this must
are the lawful so people who now pray in
underground churches Catholics who pray
arrest
yeah so the the police are telling the
people please don't come anymore
even now he's dangerous the government
told us they are going to enforce a law
how many priests and bishops are still
detained in China the you know of
not many not many maybe to bishops and
maybe at also a priests not more because
they don't want to have a Maltese the
magis create problem they have more
improved methods to destroy the church
like what like threat like an enticement
what sort of threat
oh great an enticement
always you know together they come to
you they say oh we know your brother has
some problem at least workplace huh
do you want us to to put a good word
there he would say yes please then you
have to collaborate huh you said no
thank you
we can arrange okay oh they go to the
factory they say find that guy
so it's blackmail he is blackmailing me
and they may come Oh your mother say oh
do you want us to to send a car to bring
him to the hospital
the same if we are said yes Lee he we
don't accept the good husbands they
don't accept that old lady
they are law they can do anything
the companies are not they are no how
much contact do you have with the
underground Catholic Church today I
never contact them actually because
maybe tenuous and III tell them not to
contact me from China because everything
is controlled but they can come now it
seems that is easy to come to Hong Kong
than before and so they come to see me
and then they can send message through
other people a number of years ago you
helped get money to the underground
Catholic Church money that was donated
by a wealthy
Hong Kong businessman Jimmy Lai 20
million Hong Kong dollars early are you
still able to send money to the Catholic
Church
yes yes I'm helping more the efficient
than the underground I would like to
have more the integral but it's a more
difficult to to be in contact with them
you see and to send money to them and
but now I think I find more ways see the
bishop may have a many occasion where he
things is good to do something or to
help somebody but he had to use the many
of the dices supposedly he has enough
money but I am a a kind of outsider I'm
a religious I'm not coming from the
diocese so I have to be cautious to use
the money of the diocese actually I
never used the money of the diocese so
the money are Jimmy Lai helped me to do
all sorts of things which a bishop may
like to do so we got money in the last
few years we've seen a growing
rapprochement between the Vatican and
the Chinese Communist Party affecting
things like the appointment of Bishops
yeah that's progress isn't it is it a
good thing in your view no not
necessarily the Albertine but not
necessarily but what was seeing at the
moment isn't it is a case of the of the
vatican being able to expand its
influence a china that that is progress
isn't no no people came to know that the
Holy See is ready to approve anything to
legitimize everybody so they had the
conviction that just get ordained soon
or later delegates Maya so that's really
bad so that gives occasion to the
opportunists
they know that if they work with
government they can force the Holy See
to recognize them it's no good at all
and the Holy See just in order to please
the government they abstain from doing
things they should do
for example they don't give bishop so
many touches in and ground when all the
bishop died they don't give successor so
both churches in and ground and a few
church we can read about it oh so this
is no good at all do you worry that the
the Vatican is is giving legitimacy now
to the Chinese Communist be a terrible
table they must know that the church
approved by the government is
objectively schismatic I mean yet again
bridge confidentiality huh but three or
four years ago I had a meeting with Pope
Francis for 45 minutes I talked for 40
minutes he made only one interruption
very short interruption when I said we
have to agree that the independent
church is much Church so now it's
already objectively Swiss matter and the
Pope said
certo of course so how can you
legitimize esky smugly Church which is
this schismatic
they are completely under guidance of
the government the church doesn't change
just because you legitimize all the
bishops if all those bishops or the
majority of those bishops are slaves of
the the communist regime there is no
improvement and now there I think they
are not talking about what are they
going to do with the 30 bishops in and
around their calling them to come up
did the battle say oh now we recognize
the seven alleged bishops and you
government recognized our thirty bishops
but I asked what do you mean that the
government recognized the thirty bishop
do they allow them to go on functioning
as now in the underground independently
from the government
surely no and so they I invited to join
the petite Association you feel so
strongly about the Vatican and the
Communist Party jointly appointing
bishops that you flew to Rome to see the
Pope and to talk to him face to face
just a few months ago what did you say
to the Pope I said that's that's a thing
okay
they say the last word to the poll okay
but the last word is not enough I'd like
to quote a Hungarian theologian he said
sometimes formally verbally seems that
the authority of the Pope is respected
but practically you are giving the power
into the hands of the government so if
it's the government which chose us the
bishop and then through the bishops
continent which is fake the prison name
to the Holy Father and the Holy Father
has to say the last word okay sounds
very good but what kind of last word
thankee the Pope can approve easily
those names no no and so he had to meet
all okay he can veto but of the Rideau
it he said up to the Communists to make
another name now how can good name come
from the Communists what they know about
the qualities required to be a bishop
why did you feel compelled to go to Rome
to see the Pope a few months ago why not
just send him a letter or deliver a
letter to one of his emissaries here in
Hong
why did you feel the need to go to the
Vatican because it was the second time
that this desperate bishop in China or
Santa wants to send a letter to the Holy
Father because they told him to resign
to make place to the illegitimate or
even s commonly take the bishop this
bishop that they wanted to retire he had
he reached retirement age was he more
than 75 never enforce that law in China
don't talk about the age all the wishes
are 80 or 90 is not question of age he
was asking for a successor for a long
time they are not giving him now they
give the place to the excommunicated
that's a problem it's not a question of
retirement the people who don't know the
reality they make confusion for a long
time he adds to retire but now he
refused to retire to give the praise to
2a is communicated bishop I stand a
priest to bring the letter not to the
Pope because he may not be able to
potato to see the Pope
so today Congress for evangelization
telling that cadena please make a copy
to the to the Pope but I didn't know
whether the letter which the Pope
because my letters I cannot be sure if
they reach the Pope because he never
answered the Pope never answered the
last my many letters you need answer and
he didn't even sign a not even a receipt
maybe the Pope didn't receive your
letter
maybe so IIIi I want you to know the
real situation huh so I was doubting if
my letters Richard Holy Father
so now after Christmas the second leader
of that mission came to me now I thought
I must absolutely make the sure that the
letter
Richard Holy Father the only way is that
I go there and put in to end these acts
so I took it to the flight went to Rome
any book is incredible what did the Pope
say to you when you presented
with the letter actually you see that's
at the end of a public audience so there
is a queue of maybe ten bishops and I
was the only hygena so I was the first
one to kiss the hang of the Holy Father
the Pope greeted me Oh how is your
health
I didn't even answer his question I only
said Holy Father I am here just to bring
you this letter please find time to read
it then I went away but then to my
surprise in that afternoon it was
Wednesday I received a call telling me
that the Pope is receiving you the
evening of Friday so he minded I said Oh
Holy Father had you any chance to look
into the matter
oh yes I told them not to create another
minute sent a case Wow wonderful answer
because you know he is so clear what
what he's about huh so I was so so happy
then I made also get the question I said
what if I have you received oh my let us
you know what was the answer they didn't
say yes he didn't say no said I I don't
have a very clear impression so what do
you think about that what do you what
are you impatient of my letters
they were so spicy managers spicy in
what way
I'm coordinating with the Holy Father
I'm making so many questions he may be
lost I'm asleep because of managers so
how can you say I don't know impression
so probably he did not receive my
letters
what was it personally painful for you
to challenge the Pope because Cardinals
are supposed to be 100% also because I'm
a Silesian we are papist we have an
adage about the Pope but till now I'm
not blaming the Pope
because as far as I know there is a
variance between the Pope and the people
around him until the Pope approves those
things and make a signature I don't
believe that those things are coming
from another Pope so I have see some
hope that the things may not so you
think the Pope is being misinformed by
his advisors not completely waiting for
I would not say completely misinformed
because the probably saw optimistic and
now these people they're happy to
encourage his optimism and without
telling him all the the bad things all
the things he may not like to hear like
all the negative things which happen in
China which gives no foundation to any
optimism what do you believe the Pope's
strategy is for China because to the
Vatican the China must surely represent
the final frontier you Casey the Pope is
going everywhere embracing everybody
sorry to say that many times you don't
see much good effect for all that ever
what happened in Cuba any improvement in
Cuba well the United States and Cuba
established diplomatic relations the
Catholic Church helped to bring about
the downfall of communism in Poland no
one makes different things because they
are so different so different now I
really I'm amazed what could the Holy
See do to put United States and Cuba
together I really can't understand they
can reconcile only if they have
interests if they both gain anything
now it's treason surely not because of
the the Holy See the holy thing can
give any Lincoln promised anything and
the Holy Father to please two brothers
Castro and I doubt if they they were
converted by the visit of Pope he didn't
say much against the operation of the
dissidents now to captivate the goodwill
of China the Pope is abstaining from say
anything against the China but if the
Pope and Xi Jingping
eventually meet surely that's a good
thing isn't it rather than having the
Pope criticize China isn't it better for
the Pope and cheating cream to find some
way of working together I don't believe
those things do you fear the Pope is
selling out underground Catholics in
China sure it's not in his mind to sell
anybody but if now we don't have any any
direct information so we are completing
a dark but from the pieces of things
which leaked out from those information
what we know and we suppose to happen
now is really selling out of the church
do you feel that you must be you must
live like me seven years in China
I mean spending six months a year in
China for seven years meeting all kinds
of government people all kinds of
bishops then you can have impression of
how is the slavery and the communist
regime the Communist Party has changed
they've lifted half a billion people out
of poverty there is a growing middle
class in China people are well idea they
have been ever before no no the
important thing for them is the party
they just want to control everything
they can give you what they like to give
you
now just example what is allowed by the
law they can refuse you
what is denied by the law they can grant
you what do you worry about if the
Vatican establishes a representative
office in Beijing which is a possibility
a disaster we are facing a disaster in
the official Church those bad elements
those who really have no faith but they
are just on the side of the government
for their interests those people now are
happy because in this last 10 years they
did all sorts of things defiance to the
Holy See now they are we being rewarded
the good people in the open church there
must be very much disappointed
do they feel betrayed yeah because they
are waiting for the Holy See to give
them courage but now the Holy See in
dude in these years always encourage
surrender everywhere so now they just
give up their hope now is to find the
world with no agreement they seek and
hope for a change but now no change now
is the legitimization of a wrong
situation but but very probably many
people from the inner ground
we come out is this an issue do you
think that could divide the church on a
wider level outside of China I think
many people in the universal Church may
get scandalized it may lose their faith
in the in the Pope the Pope Pope has so
many critics already with this one
I'm a very sorry
I'm very sorry thank you very much thank
you
you
