Sophia kita doesn't allow multiple
sclerosis to get in the way of work she
has a full-time job as an economist at
the Supreme Court of audit and she's
grateful that the government hasn't cut
disability benefits but the austerity
crisis has meant a 40% cut in her salary
and spending on public hospitals has
been so reduced they are too much of an
ordeal for her I don't go to public
hospitals anymore so I have to pay
everything I pay much more for my
medical tests at the past I paid nothing
because I had the chronic disease now I
have to pay two and five percent all
right
government spending on health care fell
by about half during the last eight
years further Oceania dose I ran Alvise
Hospital in Athens during the worst
cutbacks he gradually lost a third of
his stuff a budget was about 21 million
euros in 2010 when the syriza government
replaced me our budget was 6 million
euros and we had only received half of
that we managed to treat everyone that
came into the hospital because we
attracted thousands of donations to
cover the treatment for uninsured people
thanks to such economies the government
eliminated a forty three billion dollar
deficit and balanced the budget over
four years very little of the money
borrowed was earmarked to cushion the
blow of those spending cuts Greece has
borrowed three hundred and sixty billion
dollars from its eurozone partners and
the International Monetary Fund only
about five percent of that has entered
the Greek economy through government
spending twenty one percent was spent
recapitalizing the banks and three
quarters of what Greece has borrowed was
never intended for the Greek people all
their banks but to repay existing debt
and serve interest payments that's
because if Greece had been allowed to go
bankrupt it could also have bankrupted
the French and German lending banks the
Greek bailout was effectively a bailout
of those banks the problem now is that
Greece has to repay the money but its
economy is too weak we are the state
where the tax system is not the proper
tax system it doesn't give incentives
for people to work it doesn't give
incentive for capital to come in and
invest
and you have a pension system that's not
fixed either carb Ovilus believes Greece
needs to be given the rest of this
century to repay its debts allowing the
government to lower taxes and stimulate
growth and he says the government should
introduce individual retirement accounts
so Greeks can keep the money they save
to retire instead of surrendering it to
a system many don't trust jumps are
applause al Jazeera Athens
