this is the last place we're gonna seal
elope it's over 24 year old brother
Huang Carlos alive
three weeks ago shortly after he left
her house he was shot dead when riot
police moved in on a group of rock
hurling protesters in the capital
Managua the vasila says he was standing
on a corner when he was hit by a bullet
from an assault rifle the kind the
police use was everything in the police
report is a lie the hospital said that
if I didn't sign the report that said
I'd give up my right to investigate the
killing they wouldn't give us the body
but Graciela refused to sign she is
convinced the police killed her brother
it's unclear how many people have died
student-led protests against pension
reforms led to lethal clashes between
demonstrators police and pro-government
gangs the demonstrations continued on
this day led by the families of the
victims to demand justice I'm chill
Ghana was a journalist shouts uncle gone
a senior his son was filming the
aftermath of a protest surrounded by
riot police when he was killed
authorities are now blaming two young
men witnesses say are being set up the
investigation can't be carried out by
the very people who are there it has to
be someone independent that can tell the
truth about what those videos showed
President Daniel Ortega claims an
unprecedented challenge to his rule is a
right-wing conspiracy the photos that
you see here are according to the
government of people who are still alive
and well and not victims of what the
mothers call a state organised Massacre
but an investigation that's being
carried out by this country's
independent Human Rights Commission
tells a very different story
director Wilma Nunez says they've
confirmed 49 deaths but that there may
be many more lamandou the justice we
want for these deaths is the one we've
been demanding for years because our
justice system is not independent
impunity is what reigns in this country
Graciela lopez has no illusions but like
everyone here she is determined not to
rest until she sees justice done you see
a human al Jazeera Managua
