Israel has launched its biggest attack
in Syria in decades it's targeted dozens
of Iranian physicians it says were
firing on its territory are the two
countries inching closer to war this is
inside story
hello and welcome to the program I'm
Mohammed Jim Jim Israel's launched its
most ferocious attack inside Syria since
the war of October 1973 but now the
target is Iran Syrian President Bashar
al Assad's ally just today after the
Trump administration walked out of the
Iran nuclear deal
Israel accused Iran of firing rockets on
the Golan Heights which Israel occupies
say Iran says those claims are baseless
Israel responded by striking dozens of
Iranian positions in Syria the two sides
have exchanged hostile rhetoric for
years but now there are signs of an open
military conflict putting the region on
edge we have a lot to get to with our
guests but first
Harry Fawcett reports from the occupied
Golan Heights cockpit video from Israeli
warplanes as they carried out the
largest and most prolonged air strike in
Syria since the start of its civil war
Israel says it hit dozens of Iranian
military targets as well as five Syrian
anti-aircraft installations Israel says
it was a response after Iranian forces
launched 20 rockets at Israeli targets
in the occupied Golan Heights we have
made it very clear that we are here to
defend ourselves those who started this
round of violence were the Iranians who
attacked Israel we responded accordingly
and we are now waiting to see how the
Iranians will respond Israeli forces in
the occupied Golan Heights were on alert
for any further response at the same
time local residents were told to go
about their business as normal schools
were open no restrictions placed on
large gatherings israel says of the 20
rockets that were fired towards the
occupied Golan Heights from Syrian
territory they all either fell in Syrian
territory or they were intercepted what
followed was a massive and prolonged
response from the Israeli Armed Forces a
real escalation in the kind of force
that Israel has so far been prepared to
use within Syria it's a message to deter
any further such action and it's also
making the most of an opportunity to do
as much damage to Iranian forces as
possible Israel's government has long
warned of a growing threat from Iranian
bases and missiles inside Syria it seems
to have decided to act sooner rather
than later
one Pagano we have of course hit all the
infrastructure not all but almost all of
the Iranian infrastructure in Syria they
must remember the saying if it rains
here it will pour over there and I hope
that we finished this chapter and that
everyone got the message syrian state
media said Syrian air defenses had
intercepted most of the incoming rockets
over the capital Damascus but also
confirmed that a radar station and a
weapons storage site were struck Iranian
state television said Syria had given a
quote crushing response to the Israeli
attacks the strikes were carried out
hours after Israeli Prime Minister
Benjamin Netanyahu was in Moscow saying
he'd come away confident that Russia
would not prevent what he called
Israel's freedom of action a day later a
different tone from the Russian Foreign
Minister we see this as a very alarming
development we believe that all issues
must be resolved through dialogue during
our multiple contacts with the
leadership of both Iran and Israel
including during yesterday's meeting
between Putin and Netanyahu we underline
the necessity of avoiding any actions
that might be seen as mutually
provocative for now this latest flurry
of cross-border violence has subsided
but all sides are aware that a new bar
has been set for its intensity and that
it could also easily rise again
all right let's now get the thoughts of
our guests joining us into Iran Hamid
Mousavi professor of political science
at the University of Tehran and a head
of the u.s. department at the Iranian
Institute for European and American
studies in West Jerusalem Rabi sable
professor at Hebrew University in
Jerusalem he is former legal adviser to
the Israeli Ministry of Foreign Affairs
and former councillor at the Embassy of
Israel to the United States and in can
Olivia's director of the Iran project at
the International Crisis Group who was
part of an Ghosh of the negotiations
that led to the Iran nuclear deal a warm
welcome to you all
Ali I want to start with you Israel is
now saying it has no intention to
escalate this any further do you believe
the worst is over or is this only going
to get worse the situation is very tense
so it can go either way
the risks are really high and there's a
lot of friction at the moment between
Iran and Israel and obviously in the
aftermath of the president Trump
withdrawing from the nuclear deal the
tensions are even higher but from my
perspective I think Israel is in a
win-win situation because if you
consider options that Iran would either
demonstrate restraint because of its own
calculations at this moment it needs to
have the Europeans on its side in order
to see whether it can salvage whatever
remains of the nuclear deal it would
demonstrate restraint and that could be
provided Israel with a favorable
political situation to push further and
diminish Iran's military capabilities
and Hezbollah's military capabilities in
Syria to the extent possible and if Iran
responds in retaliates it provides
Israel and president Trump with further
justification to try to isolate Iran and
put Iran under more economic and even
military pressure
Robbi of course fears have been rising
for quite some time that if President
Trump were to withdraw from the Iran
nuclear deal that it would escalate
tensions in the region that there might
be this kind of a standoff do you
believe this is a direct result of
President Trump withdrawing from the
Iran nuclear deal no I think they're two
separate issues there's the president
Trump and Israel hasn't concealed that
we welcome arena
of the agreement we think it could be
much better the other issue which is not
connected is the Iranian presence in
military presence in Syria and I don't
think that is connected with with the
with the nuclear agreement it's a
military issue between Israel and Iran
in Syria and I think neither side wishes
to escalate either the issues Hamid
there have been some members of Iran's
Parliament that have said that it is a
fabrication this charge that Israel has
made that Iran fired rockets into the
Golan Heights but there was also a
statement made by the Iranian Foreign
Ministry in which they did not address
those charges clearly why is that why
haven't they clarified this issue
well what I'm hearing from Iranian
officials is that actually yuan is
denying they fired first we have to
remember that escalation is not in the
interests of Iran as was mentioned by
the other guests it's actually in the
interests of Israel because I believe
these two issues the bombings in Syria
as well as the nuclear issue are
actually completely related Israel has
been against this deal from the very
beginning and they are trying to lead
Iran in the United States down the path
of confrontation now they were partly
successful a few days ago when Donald
Trump decided to withdraw from the deal
nevertheless Iran has indicated that it
wants to continue to deal with the
Europeans now by escalating the tensions
in the region Israel is actually trying
to kill the deal altogether all right
Robbie for those who say that it was
Israel that essentially pushed Trump to
withdraw from the Iran deal what's your
reaction we certainly welcome it in
other words we think it was a bad deal
and a better deal can be negotiated and
we hope in fact that the economic
pressure on Iran will lead to a better
deal as it was led as it led to the
earlier deal but the second issue is
simply and it attempt by Iran to have
military bases of rockets close to as US
border and Syria this is a pure tactical
defense problem for Israel I don't think
is connected to the major nuclear issue
aly Germany the UK France Russia China
they all want to try to save the Iran
nuclear deal is that a possibility at
this point well you know it is very
difficult but it's not impossible it
really depends on the level of political
will that other members of the p5 +1 now
have to try to salvage the agreement and
so far the signaling that they have made
in the past few days has been quite
positive and strong we have to see
whether they can put it into into
practice remember that the US has an
enormous weight in the global financial
system so without the US Iran would
definitely not be able to get most of
the dividends of the nuclear deal but
the question now is whether the
Europeans were the swing actors here
because the Russians and the Chinese I
think will stay in the deal as long as
Iran stays but what are the Europeans
are willing to enter into some degree of
confrontation with the United States in
order to help Iran get some of the
dividends that was promised in the deal
we'll have to wait and see their
negotiations starting between Iranian
officials and European officials as of
next week
and I think the fate of the agreement
largely depends on the on the outcome of
those negotiations as well obviously as
what happens in the region and I add the
tensions are not just limited to the
Golan Heights and the border between
Israel and Syria there is a lot of other
friction in the region including in
Yemen and the Saudis also seem to be
moving in a direction of escalating by
trying to take over the Porter for data
which could also have a similar
escalation and could easily spiral out
of control there as well Robbie if I
could ask you to pick up a little bit on
what Ali was saying there he mentioned
Saudi Arabia of course in the last
couple of days we've heard Saudi
officials especially the foreign
minister of Saudi Arabia idrija Baird he
said that if Iran were allowed to obtain
a nuclear weapon that Saudi Arabia would
do the same do you think the region is
headed towards an all-out arms race I
think there's a great danger that if
Iran were to teach obtain nuclear
weapons other states in the region would
follow through so there's two issues
here Israel obviously doesn't want Iran
to have nuclear
weapons and if it has it will see and
we're likely to see a nuclear arms race
in the Middle East which could be
catastrophic therefore I think it's an
interest of everybody except perhaps the
revolutionary regime in Iran to prevent
Iran having nuclear weapons hamid i want
to go back to the issue of the Iran
nuclear deal now of course president
rouhani has said he'd like the deal to
continue and he's going to be trying to
ensure that that happens but also many
see Trump withdrawing from the Iran
nuclear deal as really a gift to the
hardliners in Iran what's the view from
Iran right now and the government as far
as if there is a belief that the deal
can in some form continue yes well I
mean the rouhani government has invested
a lot of political capital in the
nuclear deal rouhani actually came into
power five years ago on a mandate to
improve the economy via the nuclear deal
so that was his whole agenda and now it
seems very unlikely that Iran can
actually continue this with the
Europeans because the Americans are
imposing secondary sanctions that
sanctions any company regardless of
whether where they are so the rouhani
government is trying to salvage it with
the Europeans but already there is a lot
of criticism within Iran of this
approach and perhaps of taking a very
soft approach to Donald Trump deciding
to withdraw from the deal also one point
if I may regarding the previous
discussion I really don't think that
Israel is concerned about Iran building
a bomb if they were then they would
actually welcome the deal because the
deal the nuclear deal has brought about
unprecedented inspections of Iranian
facilities so scrapping the deal doesn't
make sense if that's the viewpoint
rather I think what they're trying to do
is they're trying to leave this
confrontation between Iran and the West
every time Iranian will relations with
the US is improving the Israelis always
find a way to torpedo it and this has
been the deal for the past four decades
Robbie it looks like you might have
wanted to say something that did you
have a response to anything you heard
from Hamid saying just then I would like
to response the deal postponed and this
is worth awfully important to emphasize
it postponed the possibility of Iran it
didn't
in other words the agreement should have
ended all possible attempts to each of
mom all they did was postpone it and of
course they didn't touch the possibility
which Iran is developing of ICBMs which
could deliver such a such weapon
therefore it was a flawed agreement and
I don't we haven't conceal the fact we
feel it was a flawed agreement and we
hope a better agreement can be reached
but we do want to see an agreement but
it should be a better agreement than the
previous agreement Ali tensions are
certainly at an all-time high between
Iran and Israel right now but has the
fundamental dynamic between those
countries actually changed at all no and
that's part of the reason that the
nuclear deal did not survive the the
administration that followed the Obama
administration I really think that the
context in which the nuclear crisis
which at the end of the day was an
artificial crisis because Iran was years
away from developing a nuclear weapon
even according to current US Secretary
of State who said even before the deal
Iran was not dashing towards nuclear
weapons but the crisis around this issue
was purely political and a function of
disagreements between Iran and the u.s.
that now date back to four decades but
let me say I think even if we believe
that the deal was imperfect and all
deals are by definition I don't think
the way to get a better deal was to
destroy this one because on the ruins of
jcpoa it's very hard to imagine that a
stronger bigger and better deal could be
built obviously because with the jcpoa
is collapsed the trust and the value of
engaging with the united states has also
completely disappeared in iran because
what's the point if from one
administration to another the u.s.
changes its position entirely hamid you
were nodding your head there when Ali
was speaking did you want to reply to
any other points he was making
yes absolutely I mean Iran has been
obliging by its side of the deal in the
past two and a half years the IAEA has
confirmed 10 times that Iran has fully
complied with its end of the deal
however the United States even before a
few days ago when they decided to
withdraw they have been very active
minimizing the economic benefits Iran
was receiving right now in Iran there is
a lot of mistrust regarding the United
States email even among reformists when
the United States is not keeping up its
end of the bargain under the current
deal how can we even talk about a larger
deal what would prevent them from
cheating or withdrawing from another
deal and if I may regarding the issue of
Israel using yuan of trying to build
nuclear weapons I don't think Israel is
in a position to accuse Iran of anything
Israel is not a member of the NPT
they're the only country that has
nuclear weapons in the region and they
weren't even party to the talks and
according to the jcpoa the only party
authorized to analyze Iranian compliance
with the deal is the IAEA and not is
real Robbie I want to talk for a moment
about Russia's role in all of this
because of course Prime Minister Prime
Minister Benjamin Netanyahu travelled to
Moscow this week now when he was done
with that trip he said that he was
confident that Russia would not prevent
what he's calling Israel's freedom of
action but a just a day later it was a
very different message that we were
hearing from Russian Foreign Minister
Sergey Lavrov who said that he was
urging all sides to to calm down and
this was a very dangerous escalation why
the different messages coming out of
Moscow on this I think one has to look
at what Russia's interests Russia's
interests are supporting the Assad
regime they've got a military base there
a naval base it's very important for
them Iranian buckets in Syria is not
within Russia's interests so I think
Russia's trying to play a careful path
of continuing to support Assad but not
necessarily supporting Iranian Rockets
they're obviously Israeli attacks on
Iranian Rockets can be dangerous to
Assad and therefore it's the difficult
political path for marshal but I think
that is that is a pathway of trying to
pursue support Assad yet not necessarily
support Iranian attempts to threaten
threaten Israel with rockets from Syrian
territory okay Ally you heard Robbie
there talking about the threat of
rockets let's shift to these reports
that have been emerging the last few
months that perhaps Russia was going to
be in talks with the Syrian government
about supplying these advanced s3
ground-to-air missiles now there are
reports emerging in Russian media that
that is not the case that Russia is not
going to consider doing that do you
believe that that's a direct result
Prime Minister Netanyahu's visit to
Moscow it is possible I'm not privy to
the details of those discussions but
Russia is playing a very delicate
balancing act here and it's the one
actor that actually has leverage over
the stakeholders and can potentially
de-escalate the tensions were at least
if they break out try to contain them
but let me let me add a point here that
it's very hard to imagine that at a time
that Iran wants to make sure that asset
can consolidate his power in Syria and
take over as much of a territory that he
has lost that Iranians would would
welcome opening a new front against
Israel at this point I think the
priority for them is most likely
consolidating asset now in the process
it's quite possible that they would try
to improve Hezbollah's capabilities by
providing them with guided missile
technologies and that's obviously a
threat to Israel but I doubt that the
approach that at the moment Prime
Minister Netanyahu has adopted which is
to push the Trump administration first
to get out of the nuclear deal and then
into a some kind of military
confrontation with Iran would actually
temporary Ron's behavior it is more
likely that it would push Iran to double
down on policies that from from an
Israeli perspective are problematic
okay Robbie you just heard Ali mention
Hezbollah that brings me to an important
point because obviously Hezbollah had
these massive gains in the parliamentary
election that was held in Lebanon just
days ago and once their victory was
claimed you had Israeli Education
Minister Naftali Bennet saying publicly
that now Israel equates Lebanon with
Hezbollah so is there right now of fear
that Israel could launch another attack
on Lebanon because of all that no what
we're afraid of is the Hezbollah will
try and attack it feeling that Lebanon
can get away with it and the message is
those we try to convey is that if
Hezbollah taxes and they've got tens if
not hundreds of
rockets aimed at Israel then Lebanon
will suffer in other words they can't
have it both ways they can't say yes we
are we're part of the Parliament of
Lebanon and yet Parliament Lebanon will
get away free so what we want to do is
to deter the Israel has no interest
whatsoever in a military escalation
neither with Syria nor with Lebanon but
Hizballah must know that if they do
attack us there will be a price to pay
and that this I think was a message that
we're trying to convey Hamid how is all
of this being reported in Iran right now
is this being framed more as news of a
conflict between Syria and Israel how is
it playing out in the media there I
think there is concern in Iran of
escalation but mostly the nuclear issue
has been the number one news so far in
Iran not the issue of Syria especially
because of the fact that the Iranians
are saying that the Israelis are
exaggerating the impact of these attacks
for example no cash no uranium casualty
has been reported so far for the attacks
that took place recently so you want is
downplaying those and made the concern
among the public is mostly about the
nuclear deal and regarding that there is
a lot of both frustration and anger
perhaps disappointment but I I wouldn't
necessarily say there's a lot of
surprise because Donald Trump has been
against this deal from the very
beginning as well as these readies
essentially what you have is you have
Israel Saudi Arabia and the United
States on one side being against the
deal in the whole world including Iran
on the other being for the deal Ally if
this turns into an actual conflict just
how much does Iran stand to lose a lot
but I think so does everybody else and
that's why I think no one really wants a
full-fledged war but I think Iran's
rivals in the region would welcome the
u.s. bloodying Iran's knows because from
their perspective Iran is an ascendance
in the region and it needs to be cut
down to size and the only power that can
do that which has escalation domination
and would potentially at some stage push
Iran ian's to stop escalating any
further is the United States but I want
to draw your attention
to the fact that the Israelis actually
killed about seven Iranian military
personnel and the t4 base in Syria a few
weeks ago and the Iranians have not
retaliated at least not so far which
demonstrates that they see value in
demonstrating restraint at this point
they might eventually retaliate one way
or another but the fact that they are
demonstrating restraint is part of this
larger calculation of trying to
consolidate the assets power as the
first priority in Syria and then second
try to salvage the nuclear agreement
with the Europeans and other members of
the p5 plus one and I think Israel sees
some space in in Iranian restraint to
try to push the envelope to the extent
possible and that is a dangerous game
Robbie any response to what Ali was just
saying there about the Iranian showing
restraint I think Iran the Iranian
government has has to choose it can
either invest in its economy which was a
reason it went to the things went into
the agreement or you can continue to try
and and escalate affairs in the Middle
East they can't have it both and I hope
that the Iranian government will decide
it's in its interest to develop its
economy to renegotiate the Gleeman to
stop trying to threaten Israel and it
can become an economic powerhouse it
really can but he can't
at the same time threaten Israel and
begin rockets and then hope to have its
economy developed it's it has it has to
make the choice and I hope for the sake
of the Iranian people it makes the
correct choice our a gentleman we have
run out of time so we're gonna have to
leave it there thanks to all our guests
Hamid Mousavi Robbie Sabol and Ali Tver
and thank you too for watching you can
see the program again any time by
visiting our website aljazeera.com and
for further discussion go to our
Facebook page that's facebook.com
forward slash AJ inside story you can
also join the conversation on twitter
our handle is at aj inside story from me
Mohammed Jim Jim and the entire team
here bye for now
you
you
