mohamad shocker and his family fled
Mosul in June last year during the
battle against ISIL their home was
destroyed like many of the two million
people in Iraq displaced by violence in
recent years they live in a camp for the
internally displaced we are asking
politicians to look after everyone
equally regardless where they are from
and especially those living in camps we
don't want charity we want to go home
and we don't want money in return for
our votes the Iraqi government says 166
polling stations are being set up in 70
camps in time for Saturday's
parliamentary election camp Chiefs say
candidates from a number of parties have
visited but apart from a poster there's
little sign of election campaigning here
only around 25 families of the 1,350
living in this camp have returned to the
areas they fled during the battle
against ISIL
the mass majority of the people here are
Sunnis and their homes have been
completely destroyed it's when you speak
to people here many of them say that
even if they could return to the areas
they lived in they have very little
faith in politicians because they feel
so let down and discriminated against by
previous shia-led governments the
government says it's going to cost two
billion dollars to rebuild Mosul forty
thousand homes were destroyed in the
west of the city alone every few days
people who used to live there gather in
the camps to collect food handouts
off-camera some tell us that when ISIL
took control of Mosul in 2014
many among the city's predominantly
Sunni population believed ISIL may
improve their lives after what they
described as so many broken promises by
the Baghdad government but they say that
quickly changed when they began to
experience the brutality of life under
ISIL
referre Abdullah fled the fighting in
Mosul in July last year she blames the
government for ISIL and the suffering
she and her family endure in the camps
we only want to go home it's inhumane
living here the other day it rained in
our tent flooded
we were only asking politicians to
rebuild their homes this is the least of
all human rights it's the fault of the
government that brought this calamity on
us winning the trust of Mosul Sunni
population is going to be a major
challenge for the new government if it
is to prevent Iraq's sectarian divide
getting wider from the hammered and
hundreds of thousands of people like him
the first step towards winning that
trust would be rebuilding their home so
they can start rebuilding their lives
chants trafford al jazeera hassan sham
camp Norton Iraq
