Nicaraguans from all walks of life from
students to farmers to businessman
filled the streets of Managua and yet
another unprecedented challenge to the
supremacy of President Daniel Ortega and
his unpopular wife the Vice President we
were afraid for too long from too much
injustice and repression but Managua has
awoken which means the whole country is
now awake I'm a farmer and I'm here
because the killing of all those people
is unacceptable we've had enough of
Ortega he's an assassin in the last
three weeks 42 people have been killed
and at least 400 injured by riot police
and pro-government gangs protesters are
rejecting a truth and justice commission
announced on Sunday by the pro Ortega
National Assembly they're demanding that
the killings and disappearances of
students as well as a journalist be
investigated by international rights
organizations Ortega has been widely
accused of remaining in power for the
last 11 years through fraudulent means
he controls the Electoral Council the
supreme court and much of the media now
he's calling for peace and dialogue
under the auspices of the Catholic
Church
to set a date for convening the
negotiations and just importantly seems
absolutely unwilling to discuss one of
the key points manag was influential
Catholic Church is one of the advocates
we think one of the objectives of the
dialogue should also be to review the
political system to achieve an authentic
democracy this latest demonstration
transpired peacefully with tens of
thousands of Nicaraguans blowing horns
in a deafening chorus to make their
message heard many here say nothing
short of Ortega's resignation will do
others insist early elections with a new
electoral body are the answer but the
priority they agree is to bring the
victims of nicaragua's worst political
violence since the end of its civil war
to justice SIA Newman al Jazeera Managua
