he's reviled by the opposition as racist
homophobic and sexist but jailable
sanada's growing number of supporters
say he's none of those things he's a
victim of what they call fake news yeah
1 s he's an honest politician firstly
there are no charges of corruption
against him secondly he's conservative a
family man he's bringing back all the
values and principles that we've lost
over the last few years people are
becoming conservative again and fighting
for morals and ethics in the first round
of the election the rival left-wing
Workers Party led by Fernando Haddad did
well only in the poor Northeast of
Brazil where when in government it
introduced social programs that lifted
millions out of poverty all Cynara
swept the rest of the country by a
bigger margin than predicted a
self-styled and the establishment figure
promising to be tough on crime and to
fight rampant corruption in many ways
the the only the only argument that he
has to justify his anti-establishment
positions is the fact that he had he has
been honest or he hasn't been involved
in corruption scandals for 28 years but
we have to consider that this is not
enough for a candidate to present
himself as as a savior whereas somebody
who's able to change Brazilian politics
right he has no experience but that
doesn't seem to concern many of those
who previously backed the Workers Party
in power from 2002 to 2016 the
corruption allegations the scheming
everything disappointed me I wouldn't
vote for the Workers Party anymore I
will vote for both Cynara Paulsen are
also has the support of much of brazil's
business community which prefers him an
alternative was just another candidate
with a less than 20% opinion poll
since then he seems to a stock a very
strong chord with the Brazilian
electorate his solution with a corrupt
political establishment a struggling
economy and rising crime he says he has
the solutions to Brazil's problems these
people seem to believe in bowls inaros
star war popular among many has left
others fearful and uncertain and was ill
more polarized and it has been since
military rule in the 1960s 70s and 80s
Daniel shuang'er al Jazeera Sao Paulo
