if revenge is a dish best served cold
then the 14 years it took abdel hakim
bel hajj and his wife fatima booed sure
to get their apology will have been
worth it we come now to the statement by
the Attorney General in the British
Parliament's are placed which so often
hears lectures about how other countries
should obey the rule of law the
government finally admitted what Bell
Hodge had always said that it had
illegally kidnapped him and handed him
over to the Gaddafi government in Libya
to be tortured on behalf of Her
Majesty's Government I apologise
unreservedly we are profoundly sorry for
the ordeal which you both suffered and
our role in it in 2004 the British Prime
Minister Tony Blair was eager to win
over Gaddafi as part of the American War
on Terror Bell harsh and his wife were
taken from Thailand by officials from
the British Intelligence Service mi6
over suspicions they were linked to
al-qaeda through the Libyan Islamic
fighting group which was rebelling
against Qaddafi but ten years on and the
same British government was helping
bring Gaddafi down and in the rubble of
Tripoli the files emerged detailing the
relationship between mi6 the American
CIA and Libyan intelligence it took a
full six years for the UK authorities to
accept bail Hodges arguments he had
asked for nothing except an apology
today the British government has
acknowledged and apologized for the
suffering of my wife and myself years
ago I thank them for this brave step the
British government has learned a lesson
from this and I hope other governments
around the world will learn it as well
and outside the UK Parliament's Fatima
bucho held up the letter from the
British prime minister offering the
total apology for what they've done the
UK lost its way when it got mixed up in
the rendition of an innocent pregnant
woman and an anti Gaddafi dissident but
today I think it stood on the right side
of history by recognizing its mistakes
and by apologizing and so where does
this leave the reputation of mi6
it's worth bearing in mind that spies do
what their political masters tell them
to and in the years after the September
11th attacks in New York the Americans
were doing renditions a loss and
presumably the British thought that they
should too but times change and so do
political considerations and decisions
that people made can come back to haunt
them the torture cells Bell Hodge was
held in a gun the political architects
of UK foreign policy then including
former Prime Minister Tony Blair can now
arrest as easy as their mi6 agents and
the line is drawn under the scandal but
had it not been for the persistence of
human rights lawyers this day would
never have come lawrence lee al jazeera
london
