Thomas Hodgson has been the sheriff of
Bristol County Massachusetts for over 20
years he's responsible for the County
Jail's overseeing more than 1,200
inmates
we're gonna take you down to show you
the classroom area yes we have people
who attend different classes here when I
first came here they had TVs in the
cells the inmates could smoke basically
would get almost as much food as they
wanted and I believe that that that was
the formula of failure I believe that
taking the TVs away taking away the
weights which they had giving them sound
nutritional meals but not as much as you
want and making sure they're focused on
the opportunity to go to programs was
the way to go
sheriff Hodgson may look like any other
law enforcement officer but sheriff's
are politicians elected by voters with
the office comes considerable power
which includes how they run their jails
jail should never be a Country Club and
anyone who spent time in our facilities
will tell you they are the furthest
thing from a country club and we know
our approach is working you can be a
hundred miles or even 50 miles apart
between two different jails and your
experience will completely differend be
completely based on who is the sheriff
in that county there are over 3,000
sheriffs across the country and there's
a wide spectrum in how they do their job
Hodgson's tough on crime approach may
play well in elections but it raises
concerns by critics who are worried
about the living conditions for inmates
sheriff Hodgson has done many things to
humiliate prisoners and to deprive them
of basic comforts putting them in chain
gangs out on the street cramming them
into small cells having them sleep on
the floor charging five dollars a day
for the privilege of staying in his
facility many sheriff's don't have term
limits and once they're elected there
are very few checks on their power in
most cases no one can fire them in this
episode of fault lines we look at what
can happen when the power of a sheriff
goes unchecked they have this huge
amount of autonomy huge amount of
Independence huge amount of authority
they make decisions that really
dramatically affect people's lives
including life-and-death questions that
always breeds problems when you have a
lot of authority and not a lot of
accountability
Thomas Hodgson is the longest-serving
sheriff in Massachusetts but in recent
years he's made news for the high
suicide rate in the shells you behavior
units where there's more control over
the inmates we also sometimes will
conduct what we call eyeball watches
here you'll have an officer sitting
watching that person if they feel that
there's a potential risk for somebody
that it doesn't mean necessarily they're
going to commit suicide but they may
have suicidal ideations when we're told
that we will and working with mental
health put them on a watch where an
officer just watches in the whole time
so this officer is assigned to sit in
this chair and just monitor the person
that's inside that cell for their own
safety mental health watch is so
punitive at Bristol County it's worse
than solitary confinement you're put in
a cell with a what's called a fergie or
suicide smock and no clothing you're
watched constantly by a corrections
officer who's peering at you through
window that's it while you're in that
cell 24/7 that kind of response to
suicidal feelings is what stops people
from reporting it to begin with Bonnie
to Nerello is a lawyer with prisoner
legal services in Boston her
organization is suing sheriff Hutchison
for housing mentally ill inmates in
solitary confinement when you have
serious mental illness you should not be
in solitary confinement for more than a
brief period of time and what we say in
our lawsuit is they don't have the
procedures in place to make sure that
doesn't happen
the suit also alleges that prisoners in
Bristol County jails are not getting
adequate mental health treatment we met
a group of former inmates to ask them
about their time in Bristol County Jail
some of them are still in the criminal
justice system and don't want to show
their faces for fear of retribution you
don't mind me asking how many guys here
actually attempted suicide while that
were in that Jail
Wow how many guys had thought about
suicide while they were in that Jail
everyone how many how many of you guys
were on meds when you went in there
everyone was on meds when you went in
there when you went in there were you
able to stay on your meds did they get
the meds you need it no no no no nothing
no no if you feel yourself slipping
emotionally or mentally and you need
mental health help what's the process
what do you do to get it you pray you
pray put your hands together you have to
fill out a sick coughs they sponsor I
think they have one or two or three days
to get back you but sometimes I used to
go weeks and weeks and I have to keep on
in putting it in like one every day
every day until they see me until I was
just about ready to hang it up
Joe conforte a was in jail in Bristol
County in 2013 he suffers from bipolar
disorder he now volunteers in a soup
kitchen in jail and severely depressed
Joakim says he reached out for help well
I wrote them a letter I wrote done not
to Health Department a letter that I had
been feeling really really suicidal and
that I was gonna go through with it
well yeah three days later I didn't hear
nothing back from them and then on that
night I tried to commit suicide again
they told me that they came and took me
down they told me that they used those
electric things to shock you back to
life and then the Mental Health
Department finally realized wow this guy
is serious he's really trying to commit
suicide
well at least eight people have
committed suicide in Bristol County
Jail's since 2015
twice as many as other jails in
Massachusetts and three times the
national average
we spoke to a woman whose partner of 24
years killed himself while in Bristol
County Jail she didn't want us to show
her face on camera so this was actually
the photo that we used at the service
because it was one of my favorite Mike
just because his eyes look so green
Michael Ray was an inmate Bristol County
awaiting trial in 2015
he suffered from bipolar disorder and
had substance abuse issues I'm not gonna
lie I mean I have boxes and boxes of
letters so I just grabbed a few he wrote
to his partner about conditions in the
jail telling her that his request for
help were ignored he said you have to
tell people this isn't right
and that's just one I mean he says it
and in in this one he tells me this is
dated October 19 2015 and he said I
think I'm losing my mind and don't know
what to do anymore
no one asks about me or Ernest as my
slips for help I'm just talking this is
my only option of some kind of therapy
is writing you I don't want to die
I'm sorry I don't want to die but I feel
like I'm dying from the inside out
already I love you guys so much and
don't want to leave you this was again
about the mental health he's seen no one
and has put in three more slips since
then and this was dated December 4th so
it had been almost two months since he
had quite a nut initial clip it
literally sounds like four months he's
requesting mental health support he's
not getting it correct the one thing he
says and all of his letter says that he
wanted help and it never came on
Saturday June 10th 2017
Michael hanged himself in his cell
Michael is ultimately responsible for
Michael's actions I would never say that
Tommy Hodgson is the one what I would
say is I don't believe that that
facility is ever gonna change their
practices as long as their leader is mr.
Hudson because I think that he really
thinks that he does a great job and that
to me is so frightening and so sad
sheriff Hodgson said that no cases of
suicide or attempted suicide were
related to a lack of medical or mental
health treatment after the death of
Michael Rea sheriff Hodgson ordered an
internal investigation into the suicides
of seven inmates between 2015 and 2017
the report found that all medical mental
health and security standards were met I
don't think that an internal review is a
substitute for oversight there's no
watchdog that's saying let's look at
these practices and the counties and
let's say it's a real vacuum and as self
reporting can't substitute for that
you seem like a results-oriented guy at
the end of the day who should be held
accountable for a suicide rate that that
that's that high and that different than
other jails in this day and across the
nation if you could identify something
that would say that our system is failed
that that in fact is the cause or that
we just don't have the level of interest
in taking care of the mental health
cases or whatever it is look I'm
responsible for everything that happens
here on the sheriff so I am ultimately
responsible for everything if you can't
identify what it is at what point do you
got to step aside because you have the
duty of care and if that duty of care
isn't being taken care of and you don't
get why who gets to step in and say we
just need a new team here
well the ultimately the citizens do
I think it's a problem when law
enforcement policies and incarceration
are governed only by the popular opinion
prisoners are protected by the
Constitution from the any kind of
popular impulse to unfairly punished I
have never seen clear evidence that a
sheriff faced serious electoral
repercussions for the treatment of
inmates in their jails you know sheriff
Singh hold an incredible amount of power
and are allowed to run the jails in the
ways that they see fit and we see a lot
of abuses and then we don't necessarily
see those abuses show up in the next
campaign cycle
in large parts of America sheriff's are
the only form of law enforcement and do
everything from running to jails to
patrolling the streets
but they also have a dark history here
in the south
sheriff's played a violent role in the
Jim Crow era and in suppressing civil
rights activists in the 1960s to this
day sheriff's are still a remarkably
homogeneous group they are 95% male and
99% white
in 2008 the parish of Iberia in southern
Louisiana elected a new sheriff he was a
retired state trooper named Louis Akal
Saturday vote Louis Akal Kevin Broussard
and Whitney Lee grew up here well you
see a track and a lot of blacks is
Weston because no business is coming
here when you get like Louis Street
that's when the whites out of town
starts sheriff Akal campaigned on a
platform of reform but soon after his
election he stripped away any internal
oversight within the department during
his tenure ten of his deputies would
plead guilty to federal crimes
in 2010 echo established a special unit
to deal with what he saw his problem
areas it was called the impact team
impact was designed for the Western
impact was designed to terrorize the
neighborhood when impacted street it was
best to get out the street Tuesdays and
Thursdays was late with impact hit the
street
everybody knew Jim if I hit the street
you go in because if your own a boss if
they gonna call you're gonna be stopping
the search it was known that there were
Tuesdays and Thursdays how they coming
they coming
sheriff's deputies would later testify
to routinely beating up in making false
arrest in the West End
but the abuses of power didn't stop
there as Whitney Lee found out when he
was awaiting trial in Iberia Parish jail
in 2014
it started out simple enough they'd come
in and they were gonna do some searches
and strip searches kind of a shakedown
type thing Kleber justice Whitney Lee's
lawyer and has at least a dozen pending
lawsuits against sheriff Akal Britney
has had some breathing problems losing
medical they pull him out of medical to
kind of be part of this shakedown so I
tell the Water Co see what I got to get
my breathing sound you get on the yard
that's the way you feel like yeah okay
psycho was on the yard but then the
officers started commanding them to get
on their knees I don't want to be gross
and put your ass in the air for your
girlfriend put your face down like
you're praying for Allah and you know
just abuse general abuse but Whitney's
problem was when he was down in these
positions he literally was having
trouble breathing everybody got on I
told him I stood up I feel a shock I
can't get out of like that nice I can't
breathe so didn't have my breathing
treat myself what else I showed him I am
a boss he said you will you're gonna get
out so I told him I said now I'm not
getting that so he grabbed my shirt
takata's in this sticky
hit me like by six seven times on my leg
you know they became more and more
frustrated as Whitney did just crumble
and cry and beg for mercy and the more
Whitney not fighting back not resisting
but simply standing there calm which is
just quite frankly remarkable as they
are beating him it infuriated them so
the point they got so frustrated they
backed up with a shotgun and shot a big
beanbag bag round at him couldn't be 10
feet away the pain had just be enormous
Whitney Lee sued Iberia Parish Sheriff's
Office over the incident his case has
recently been settled I've been through
a lot of things you know and it kind of
hurt me because I ain't shot it but I
ain't never been shot it took me to go
to jail and get shot as the abuses by
the Iberia Parish Sheriff's Office
started to come out the FBI in the Civil
Rights Division at the Department of
Justice started investigating
so essentially what happened is you've
had everything from false arrest severe
beatings in the jail two officers line
under oath four convictions to them
letting dogs loose on prisoners and
beating prisoners I mean it's almost
every crime that you can think of you
know lying about evidence planting
evidence literally beating people who
are enemies of Akal
after the Department of Justice
investigated sheriff Akal was charged
with ordering the beating of inmates in
the jail and conspiring to cover it up
his child took place in the fall of 2016
it was moved to another town three hours
away
curtis Ozen was one of the inmates in
the jail that day in 2011 he was
awaiting trial on a misdemeanor charge
now he tells us he can no longer live
with any sense of peace sketching is for
door you know I'm afraid I can stop it
when dinner could be what his motive is
you know I can't trust that man I fear
that he would kill me shoot me beat me
do something it happened to me two times
already it's not gonna happen a third
what do you mean it happened to two
times and Iberia Parish I was beating in
a chapel and a room like this in the
jail in the jail beaten down man like a
doll in handcuffs
this is security camera footage from the
jail's recreation yard that day the
guards were doing a shakedown taking
inmates out of their cells and searching
for contraband Curtis says someone near
him insulted the guards the deputies
thought the comment came from him Lewis
echo walks in the door hey mr. Apple
this is business
detain him for me slapping on ground Wow
I make this office on my back
aqua comes put the dog in my face let
the dog loose on him that's Curtis at
sheriff hackles feet he thought I see a
comment see not he knew he thought gets
in the chapel and cuffed me again hey
cousin again some ties finish I'll come
in he comes in it comes in the room
Curtis you don't you get these man for
what what's up man get on your feet all
right man all right you got that I doing
that bro you guys but wrong program I'm
I'm Eggman come on man why are you doing
that bro hey damn no leave it on the
ground I leave them alone like this man
all right man you're doing it for
nothing man I didn't do it is it that
bad
so you're not going to tell me I don't
know I don't know boom key with the
baton right here the MIT man with a
piece of iron like this and my neck pop
I'm like bad come on please broke in
this one you want to work
huh man you did that for nothing man I
didn't say that bro
well tell me we would have hated cops to
beat me up in the chair I'm posed to be
protected I'm in here on the mr. meanors
the lowest crime a president could
commit man word got to Curtis mother
Dorothy Oz in that had been beaten in
jail she says it took her two days to
finally get the warden on the phone
Tuesday morning I'll call back and then
I only spoke to him and he told me uh
mrs. an I don't know who given you this
information but nothing happened to
Curtis Curtis is fine I said but I want
to come over there I want to see him for
myself well no you can't come over here
because it's against policy and mr.
Neher and you know yeah we can't let you
see him I said well it looked like I
might have to go a little bit further
than you about an hour maybe I wouldn't
have later he called me back
he said mrs. an we're gonna take him to
the hospital which means take him to the
hospital I see is it that bad
he said well he got a few scrapes this
and that but we're gonna take him to the
hospital just to have him checked out
it was two days before Curtis was taken
to the hospital I had a fracture my my
broken bone broke fracture real
fractured my kneecap from a baton stick
why they take you to the chapel because
it's isolated soundproof sounds that no
key no cameras no cameras no nothing
no sound whoo nothing it is duck off in
the chair so he could take you in there
and from there to the hiding spot the
dungeon they had is so planned I was so
good man and it was doing it was doing
on the rally but it was doing and the
offices in I hear your parent would tell
you that a cop won't tell you I'm a
beach or a boy my whip you're a cop
if I have an intercept incident or
anything going on in my friend my house
would refuse to call the policeman
refused a co told them to do it
Apple directed us to do it this way no
other way this way and I was alone and
he's still a sheriff of Iberia parents I
don't understand how certain are you
that Akal ordered to beat it
I heard him tell them to deal with me
accordingly but was the Carly
during uncle's trial former deputy
sheriff Ben LaSalle testified verifying
the details of curtis's story he also
said that Akal ordered the beatings
sheriff Akal was tried before a mostly
white jury he was acquitted of all
charges after the trial he blamed his
deputies one of the things that this
case did was help eliminate drugs from
the Iberia Parish Sheriff's Office who
went beyond the law and beat on innocent
people who planted drugs on innocent
people and stole from drug dealers to go
eat
that is totally opposite of what I am
and what I've been he declined our
interview requests with 10 of ackles
deputies behind bars for their crimes
the city of New Iberia has voted to
replace the Sheriff's Department with a
new police force Luis Akal continues on
as sheriff of the parish and is still in
charge of the jail
while we were filming in southern
Louisiana
five more sheriff's deputies from nearby
towns were arrested for beating
prisoners it's not shocking to anyone
there's no ripple effect there's no wave
there's no outrage I mean think about it
you're down here for just a number of
days and two different departments
within 60 miles of here five deputies
arrested for abusing prisoners right I
mean I would take in another part of the
country and it may be a bigger media
market or whatever I'd be I'd made the
news don't get me wrong but I don't I
don't know for people that slowed down
for it
even years after the assault and the
Jill Curtis was in is still struggling
to deal with the trauma
I don't live like that I'm gonna drive
my dog to the ball I'm gonna drive it to
the movies you know have a baby man a
little baby girl you know I don't want
to go to it I don't want to know her dad
is everything constant fear I can put
these off I don't know I want her to
know if she isn't in trouble that you
can call the authority hey I'm going to
live like that
now black mica if me up real real bad
man
you
