it's supposed to be an annual trilateral
summit but the leaders of Japan South
Korea and China hadn't come together
since 2015 the relationship between the
three countries has been difficult
because of several issues including
North Korea but it's North Korea that's
largely responsible for bringing them
together again after last month's
inter-korean summit young Yang's
newfound diplomacy was top of the agenda
we welcomed and expressed our
congratulations to the success of the
third inter-korean summit and hoped that
the leaders meeting between the DPRK and
the United States will materialize and
we support the dialog between Japan and
the DPRK in due course the timing of the
summit couldn't have been better for
japan's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe Abe
amid plummeting approval ratings at home
he hosted South Korean president moon
jae-in and China's Premier Li Keqiang
and thrust Japan back into discussions
around North Korea London we must take
the recent momentum and work towards
peace and security in Northeast Asia we
must cooperate even further with
international society making sure this
link to concrete action by North Korea
he cannot deliver after so much focus on
meetings between North Korean leader Kim
jong-un and his counterparts from South
Korea China and possibly the United
States this summit gave Shinzo Abe a a
chance to lay out what his country wants
from negotiations on the
denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula
among them the return of Japanese
abducted by North Korea in the 1970s and
80s
the Prime Minister said he asked the
other leaders for their support in
trying to bring them home despite the
general unity on display there are
differences in how best to approach the
denuclearization issue and the apparent
change in attitude from Pyongyang China
and South Korea want more engagement and
more aid for North Korea Japan wants to
maintain maximum pressure
it feels that its sanctions that have
brought North Korea into the open and
that keeping and making sure everyone
enforces them is the only way to ensure
promises
Wayne hey al-jazeera Tokyo
