people in the village call her mama tan
golly she is one of the oldest women
living in this part of mccurdy in
Nigeria's central bandwidth state Amina
Garba is her real name and she's hailed
as a savior by the other women
she's an in goes OMA in the local
language which means a traditional
breathing assistant or Midwife Amina has
been delivering babies in her village
for more than 50 years
they come to me they pour and they need
help sometimes they come with nothing
and I can't refuse them so I take care
of them even when they can't pay me
Mary Alex is grateful she didn't have
any money but I mean I had to deliver
her baby just a few hours ago she's
naming her baby happiness the story of
Mary alex is one that is repeated a
thousand times over but the challenges
faced by Amina can be extreme this is
what's left of her clinic she says a
group of men set it on fire a couple of
months ago and she can't afford to
rebuild it it is devastating not only
for her but for those women who rely on
her government figures reveal almost 70
percent of deliveries in rural areas
happen at home the Nigerian government's
now introduced a program to better
trained birthing assistants like Amina
so we're just gonna train them and kill
them so that they can have the skills
that are required to identify it agents
the danger signs in during pregnancy
they will encourage women to move at a
time okay but in Benue State there are
more challenges to overcome government's
health workers have been on strike for
several weeks now this is why private
and charity words like this one are
packed with patients making the
situation even more difficult for
mothers and their babies in the meanest
makeshift clinic another expectant
mother arrives she's given what is
described
as herbal medicine a tea concocted by
amina and then it's a case of waiting
and waiting
Jamel Allen dog and al-jazeera mccurdy
in Benue State Central Nigeria
