police pushback demonstrators trying to
get into the Parliament building in
Budapest hundreds of people gathered
early on Tuesday before Parliament's
first session since last month's
election win for Prime Minister Viktor
Orban some also formed a human chain
around the building shouting dictator
opposition parties because we think that
they always legitimate these
illegitimate elections and for diamonds
later in the day a huge crowd gathered
carrying the Hungarian and European
Union flags support for bans
anti-immigration starts particularly in
rural areas gave him a landslide victory
but his opponents call his win
illegitimate because of changes he
brought in redrawing district boundaries
and extending citizenship and voting
rights to ethnic Hungarians in
neighboring countries 133 of the 199
members of parliament taking the oath
come from all bands Finnish party and
its small Ally the Christian Democratic
People's Party for Orban approval by the
Chamber expected on Thursday is a
formality
meaning he'll serve a third term in a
row his fourth in total as premier
London Tagore all the voters made a
decision about who should govern the
country and who should play the
Opposition role
everyone must respect the decision of
the voters this is the basic rule of
democracy but Albin also has just the
two-thirds majority that allows him to
amend the Constitution unchallenged he's
promised an amendment giving Parliament
the final say over any efforts to settle
foreigners in the country and a law
imposing a 25% tax on foreign donations
to civil society groups that support
emigration orbán's critics accuse him of
removing democratic checks and balances
including a crackdown on parts of the
media but his economic policies have put
Hungary on track for economic growth of
4% had a divided opposition into the mix
and it's unlikely that these protests
will dent Viktor orbán's popularity
Nadine Barbra al-jazeera
