when the band performs this song to tens
of thousands of Armenians on Tuesday the
crowd will know how to sing it back my
step has become the anthem or a
revolution
hikes tread composed the music we came
to the conclusion that it needed to be
in a courageous rock style as the song
is a call to step up those steps should
constantly be heard in the music penned
by opposition leader Nicole passion yarn
the lyrics along with his protest walk
inspired thousands of Armenians to join
the movement forcing the resignation of
former president and Prime Minister
Sarah she sucks young and bringing
passion yarn to the threshold of power
oh you are going back smart young
Armenians such as hike and his brother
have led a highly effective image driven
campaign our success has many many many
details you know about this his image
Matar helped craft passion yearns
nonviolent revolutionary persona the
dress code of the people who should join
us his beard yeah that we didn't allow
him to shave all the details we
discussed so we had to plan in Yerevan
streets tools you can pick up a passion
EUR and t-shirt or a baseball cap that
says have courage
Nicole passion and his movements
messaging has been so effective they've
become like a brand placards like Ruben
may Lions have become the pop art of the
movement it is perceived as a friend so
but I I don't like the the rigid
framework of that we're not selling
anything we're just trying to set
ourselves free from from tyranny
opposition organizes are now providing
him with his paint but the inspiration
Ruben says is his alone I'm trying
through filtering through myself I don't
express what my friends are feeling what
people feeling on the street and when
people see that those works they
monalee connect to it so it becomes a
dialogue Armenians about connecting and
communicating with this culture a
culture of resistance
Robin ferocity Walker al Jazeera Arabic
