it was a long walk to Vladimir Putin's
inauguration broadcast live and step by
step on Russian state TV through endless
Kremlin corridors he's walked for 18
years admiring the pictures along the
way
downstairs across hallways finally into
the bright Moscow May sunshine and a
drive and a brand new Russian made
limousine
at last he entered the Kremlin's ornate
Alexander oski Hall where dignitaries
were waiting but still the marathon
wasn't over finally onto the podium to
deliver the type of oratory that
presidents the world over deliver on
Inauguration Day
lady Middleton taking office as
president of Russia I am acutely aware
of my colossal responsibility to each
and every one of you a multinational
population my responsibility to Russia a
country of great victories and
achievements to a thousand-year history
of a Russian state and our ancestors
humility and facts expressed so then a
pledge to all Russians as head of state
I will do everything to increase the
strength prosperity and glory of Russia
in order to meet society's demands and
justify the hopes of our country's
people following the biggest election
win of his career Vladimir Putin his
perhaps as secure in office as he's ever
been
he has no meaningful political
opposition despite the arrest of
thousands of anti-government protesters
and his critics he's cultivated a father
of the nation type persona but though
the Sun shines clouds still gather on
the horizon
once the carefully choreographed Beatrix
of a glorious inauguration ceremony have
faded from memory Vladimir Putin will
have to address two key questions one is
what happens next at the end of this
six-year term when constitutionally he
has to step aside from the presidency
and also can he continue to use an
assertive foreign policy to distract
from Russia's persistent social and
economic problems political analyst
Demetria Ashkan has his doubts
wheelchairs and a wall Bingham Branca
his cognitive dissonance we've been
raised from our knees therefore we
should live bitter but instead we live
worse that means Putin will have to
restore the economy but the economy has
its own restrictions Russia's lost that
status as a reliable borrower investment
is slowing and hampered by sanctions
domestic business prefers to flee and as
for what happens in six years time no
one yet knows in 2008 Putin temporarily
swapped jobs with Prime Minister Dmitry
Medvedev to sidestep the Khan
to tional limit theoretically he could
repeat the trick in 2024
he's just announcement be ativ is
staying on as Prime Minister whether
Putin does or doesn't few believe
putinism will end when his presidential
term finishes
Rory challon's al Jazeera Moscow
