after months of diplomacy and high-level
meetings at the White House between the
US president and his counterparts in
France Germany and on Monday the foreign
secretary of the UK Donald Trump
announced he had finally made his
decision Trump tweeted he would make his
decision public on Tuesday on whether to
withdraw the United States from the Iran
nuclear agreement the announcement
follows a last-minute effort by UK
Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson to
persuade Trump to keep the u.s. within
the deal meeting with top trump
administrators including Secretary of
State Mike Pompeo but not Donald Trump
in the absence of a presidential meeting
Johnson penned an editorial in The New
York Times newspaper and has been
appearing on multiple US TV networks
urging Trump to remain in the agreement
it may be tougher on on Iran but not
throw away that the heart of the deal
which is all about stopping them getting
a nuclear weapon the deal was negotiated
in 2015 under the administration of US
President Barack Obama and included
other European countries as well as
Russia and China it's designed to
contain Iran's nuclear program for
civilian use only Trump was to get out
of the deal unless it's fixed to address
Ron's missile program and Tehran's other
military activities in the region on
Monday on Twitter he called the deal a
mess and criticized the man who helped
negotiate it former Secretary of State
John Kerry along with the president
Trump advisor Rudolph Giuliani is also
criticizing Kerry what they call his
shadow diplomacy this follows media
reports Kerry recently met with Iranian
Foreign Minister Javad Zarif at the
United Nations I don't think that we
would take advice from somebody who
created what the president sees to be
one of the worst deals ever made it's
the latest signal u.s. President Donald
Trump is preparing to withdraw from the
Iran deal still France Britain and
Germany have indicated they'll remain in
the agreement regardless of the u.s.
decision Kimberley hellcat al Jazeera
the white house
