official results are expected in the
coming days but supporters of major
parties are already out on the streets
celebrating the Interior Minister has
said the voter turnout was around 50%
down from 54% and elections held in 2009
for the country is using a new system
based on proportional representation
saying a father reports from beirut jad
firown' is among the 800 thousand voters
who are eligible to cast their ballot
for the first time lebanon hasn't had an
election in nine years political
wrangling and disagreement over a new
electoral law were to blame now this 23
year old hopes his vote will make a
difference
more and more voices are calling for
change and it's not just the young
Lebanese are concerned about the growing
level of poverty and unemployment in the
country we want change we want a new
generation of leaders who know what the
youth need this is the first time where
so many independent candidates joined
the electoral battle the new law which
is based on proportional representation
opens the door for these candidates to
try to break the political elites hold
on power but they acknowledge they can
only make a small difference we know we
won't win all the 128 seats but even if
we get 8 10 or 12 seats we are satisfied
because we know we will be able to
expand our presence later on they are up
against the political establishment that
has been in power for years if not
decades some even since the days of the
civil war in the 1980s
if those politicians are not running
their sons or grandsons are and they
have been accused of using their office
for electoral gains there are people who
vote for candidates who help them this
is wrong but that is how it has always
been
those are the so-called traditional
voters who not only benefit from a
politician or party but are often loyal
to their sect before the nation
lebanon's parties are sectarian among
them the iranian-backed Shia armed group
Hezbollah Hezbollah fault ISIL when no
one did and default Israel Hezbollah has
been protecting us that's why we gave
our vote to them Hezbollah and its
allies are expected to win the most
seats in parliament further
strengthening their power which has been
growing in recent years a lot has
happened since the last election in 2009
there was political instability the post
of the presidency was vacant for two
years until late 2016
when Lebanon's political rivals reached
a compromise deal a president was
elected a national unity government was
formed headed by prime minister Saud el
Hariri that included members of
Hezbollah Prime Minister Hariri wants to
secure enough votes to ensure his
leadership of the sandy community and
ensure his return to the Premiership he
has exchanged harsh words with Hezbollah
during campaigning but that is an
expected part of the election rhetoric
in Lebanon both sides know they need to
work together if they want national
unity and this divided nation
sanika dar al jazeera Beirut
