the threat by armed separatists and a
boycott by political parties dissuaded
some voters but thousands did
participate in what the Indian
government called a vital exercise to
boost democracy security attorneys are
the security arrangement is good and the
voters are not facing any issue every
voter is independently voting for his or
her candidate and the voting process is
going on smoothly and peacefully the
Indian army deployed 50,000 soldiers to
supplement the 700 thousand already
stationed in Kashmir separatists and
armed groups have been fighting India's
control of the regions since the end of
British rule and the partition of India
in 1947
nakai acted iike this election is to
fool the world that there's democracy
here where there are military emergency
laws in place there is draconian law
under which thousands have been arrested
for years this election is an exercise
by India to tell Kashmir ease even if
you don't participate in it we will
still conduct it this is not an election
it's a fraud a general strike shut down
businesses and to pro India political
parties in the region refused to take
part saying they won't participate until
the federal government addresses a law
on who can own property the National
Conference and People's Democratic
Party's say the Supreme Court in New
Delhi is trying to change Kashmir
special status in the Indian
Constitution and allow outsiders to work
or settle in Kashmir low voter turnout
in previous elections has allowed
separatists to cast doubt on the
political process in the disputed region
but government leaders in New Delhi
insist elections are the only way to
accommodate political demands
Paul Chatterjee on al Jazeera
