hello and welcome again to rewind I'm
Norah Kyle since we launched al-jazeera
English back in 2006 our library of
award-winning documentaries has been
growing year by year and here on rewind
we're revisiting some of the best of
them
today we're rewinding more than 10 years
to a series that looked at the daily
lives of children in conflict zones
we've picked a particularly moving
episode in which the filmmakers traveled
to Gaza where today 45% of the
population are children under 15 all of
whom have first-hand experience of the
machinery and consequences of violence a
children you're about to meet had all
been traumatized by their day-to-day
lives in Gaza but as you'll see they are
somehow immensely inspiring from 2007
his children of conflict
Gazza one of the world's biggest news
stories but one of the smallest and most
claustrophobic strips of land on earth
a virtual prison with no way out and
hardly any way in
the years of conflict with Israel have
left Gaza in ruins
my granny sacrificed herself and blew
herself up and I will recruit the other
children here for martyrdom today Gaza
feels like a population living on a
life-support machine there's not enough
of anything anymore money water food or
medicine I know what this means I know
what that means I know what what word
means
I'm scared I think we're going to die
death is coming this tiny strip of land
is bordered by Israel Egypt and the
Mediterranean Sea entry to Gaza is
through checkpoints all of which are
controlled by Israel Gaza makes up only
6% of the Palestinian territory yet
contains nearly half of its population
around 1.4 million people 50% are
children under the age of 10
roughly twice the size of Washington DC
Gaza is one of the most densely
populated places in the world Fatima al
Naja was a grandmother to 23
grandchildren these are just some of
them she'd had a tough life two of her
children had been killed and others were
in prison and her own house had been
destroyed forcing her to live with
relatives when she died all she had was
a room with a wardrobe a bed and a nail
for hang things on she lived in dire
poverty but she chose to dolly in
desperate anger
laughs November at the age of 67
Fatima became the oldest female
Palestinian suicide bomber she
approached a group of soldiers and
detonated explosives strapped around her
waist two weeks before her death
Fatima went on a women protest in the
town of Beit her new while she was there
she witnessed the massacre 13 children
and the death of one of her friends her
family say it was the tipping point she
went to bait her noon to break the maus
siege she was the first woman to
confront the Israeli soldiers and walk
right between the tanks we were
surprised she came back to us alive
after that we thought she would get
killed there Fatima's grandchildren say
she came back from bata new a changed
person she was unusually quiet and she
chose to spend time with each of the
children individually
corsetry love salad soon and she bought
me a dress that was worth 30 shekels and
I hadn't been able to pay her back she
said to me I let you off the debt if I
die today but I didn't take her
seriously I mean she was normal she was
helping us to bake the bread before she
went out to die I suppose she may have
been trying to tell me and directly but
her words were full of friddle's
the grandchildren insist they had no
idea what she was planning to do we were
astonished at what happened we all miss
her dearly
the little ones cry for her and call her
name at night they really loved her a
lot
they keep visiting her they go to her
room and knock on the door as if she's
still there
they sit on her bed and reminisce about
her they keep calling her name and
asking her to come back I wish I could
have said goodbye and then I would have
got her last words of advice on how she
was going to do this who drove her to
this ideology I have dealings with the
movement but they are saying very little
to me I'm trying to find out the address
or the person to talk to I want to do
the same I want to know how to do this
yes if you look at it from a view that
life is just a passage then age is not
an obstacle as a matter of fact I'm
trying to raise my little sister to
think in this way this wouldn't worry me
and I will recruit the other children
here for martyrdom
didn't yell no it's not sad life is a
passage it's not a sad thing where do
you become a martyr or not die in the
end we're all going to die anyway my
grandmother will be a very good example
for the children to follow she will give
them the passion for martyrdom and raise
them in the love of their land and when
they grow up they will learn to defend
Palestine and they will revenge their
grandmother do you ever think about the
kids in Israel do you ever wonder if for
example the children instead erat do you
think that they might be suffering too
the band Basu Yan who may Yan had the
Basu is of course but just like our
children live under constant fear their
children should also experience the same
fear and terror that's a normal reaction
I refuse to accept that the other
children of the world can live in peace
and security while the children of
Palestine live under terror measure for
a buck off the children are growing up
really thinking that this is is normal
not being able to move around having
difficulty getting to school in violence
their siblings brought friends being
killed
Gaza and Palestine in general it looks
like prison when you want to go from
here Gaza to Ramallah for example you
have to to go through the checkpoints
and to have many questions although it's
our land there is no place to to go
because every good place the Israel's at
israelian destroy it here they know what
what war means what what this means they
know they see blood they know everything
about the politics they yes they just
live in a Polock political situation all
in in school they talk about politics
with a play you can see them shooting
other by toys I mean I'm a child I know
I know what this means I know what love
means I know what what word means for us
I know they know I know and all the
children know how is the feeling of of
not having a mom a dad or brother the
democratically elected government at the
Palestinian territories is Hamas but the
West regard Hamas as a terrorist
organization and have frozen aid to both
Gaza and the West Bank the economy has
collapsed and civil servants haven't
been paid for over a year
it's beyond people's coping mechanisms
they can't cope anymore and that's
certainly what we're seeing here in Gaza
people have sold anything that they
might have to enable them to get by and
they're just not making ends meet any
more we're seeing poverty rates really
get much worse people are living on less
than $2 a day over 80% of the population
are now at that rate of poverty which is
comparable to with some of the poorest
places in the world
the see a source of food and income is
patrolled by the Israeli military Gaza
fishermen can only fish safely in
shallow but polluted waters they say
these days they are lucky to catch a
handful of sardines so mostly the boats
don't bother to go out anymore the land
here is fertile and Gaza used to have a
thriving agriculture industry but with
the sealed borders these farmers can't
sell their crops many children have had
to drop out of school to support their
families in these fields I saw children
as young as five spending back-breaking
10-hour days picking carrots they earned
just 30 shekels that's about five
dollars a day this is al shoka a village
overlooked by Gaza Airport the whole
area was destroyed by Israeli tanks in
August 2006 during a military incursion
Israel says it has to carry out these
incursions to protect itself
the people here didn't do anything wrong
these houses and the families in them
were simply in the way this mother told
me she used to have a three-bedroom
house with two bathrooms a washing
machine and a TV now all she has is a
few dirty blankets under some plastic
sheeting
the bulldozers opened and they came to a
shoka
they told us to get outside I was scared
from the south
it's explodes I left all the toys where
the bulldozers were they broke my toys
they are under the house they didn't
leave us anything except one tree then
they wait over there
living conditions like this are
particularly hard on children there's no
sanitation no clean water no shelter
from the cold
there's not even a safe place to play
and if the children get sick there are
no doctors but even if there were their
parents couldn't pay anyway this road
runs through the middle of the Gaza
Strip during the years that Israeli
settlers lived here it was closed to the
Palestinians the settlers left in 2005
and their homes were destroyed by the
Israeli military many Palestinian homes
still bear the scars of the battles
surrounding the settlements battles the
Bashir family were right in the middle
of their tall four-story house is
situated between a former settlement
village and a Palestinian village the
Israeli military tried to take over the
house because it wanted to use it as a
lookout position but the family refused
to leave so the soldiers took the top
two floors and the Bashir's who have six
children stayed on the ground - the
first time I saw the soldiers I was
scared but I got used to them and then I
wasn't so scared I asked them if I could
go to the toilet for the soldiers said
no they would not allow me to go they
did not let me so I wet myself
they forced us outside and it took my
dad and myself and they blindfolded me
and this was the most scary thing of all
and how do you feel now this is over now
the soldiers have gone elvenar I'm so
happy now they have gone now I can go
out whenever I like at night and day
people can come and see us I'm happy
even my close friends can come visit me
and I can go to their houses I mean I'm
happy happy happy
as internal tensions rising Gaza
children have also been caught in the
crossfire between Hamas and flattered
the two leading Palestinian political
parties in December 2006 three children
were killed when their car is riddled
with bullets in an apparent attack on
their father a senior Fatah
intelligence official over 50 children
have been killed in the past three
months and more than half of Gaza's
children are thought to be suffering
psychological damage as a result of
trauma all this destruction and mass we
just wanted removed we want it back as
it used to be before with all the trees
we want peace in this village because we
always live in fear and we don't feel
safe in these houses I swear we heard
the sound of rockets and the noise of
shooting and everything we'd love some
peace in this world especially in Gaza
what would she say to the politicians on
both sides
my first word is direct to the Arabs you
talk about saving children and you speak
much about children but you don't really
mean what you say because children do
not have any rights here to a hood el
martes the Prime Minister of Israel I
say to him why do you kill children who
are innocent I think it's because he and
the Israelis are scared of children this
is because they think the children will
grow up to be fighters it's the opposite
I want to tell him the children aspire
to be educated go to the University get
PhDs
they want an education they just want an
education
violence poverty politics daily reality
for the children of Gaza in Gaza the
population is estimated to be about 1.4
million and over half of these people of
children just think about what kind of
impact that has in the longer term for
our whole generation it's it's got to be
addressed i real to be a journalist
because because because I when I get
bigger I'll I'll describe the situation
here I'll tell everybody how we live how
we suffer god willing I would like to be
a professor of chemistry at University
that's if I do not succeed in being a
martyr when you become the first female
president of Palestine which I'm
absolutely sure you're going to be what
are the first three things you're gonna
do and I wanna say any love Sunday any
insha'Allah if I'm president inshallah I
would first give children all their
rights so they don't have to live in the
sadness and misery that we live in
second I would remove all this rubbish I
would not leave it the way it is now I
would see that there are municipalities
that could clear the mess left behind by
the Israelis and third I'll build on
your country
children of conflict from 2007 now that
was more than 10 years ago so what has
become of the kids we met in that film
in the decades since children of
conflict conditions in Gaza have
deteriorated badly and there were major
Israeli incursions in 2009 and 14 we
returned recently to Gaza to find out
what has happened to those children who
by now are well into their teens and
their 20s
Fatma Sabrina's our Mohandas at a zoo
pony hill turbo a Desilu yeah I'm the
star in Sena nth element atlético bar no
septic - ah - ha de Cantabria
Oh a delegate in the hakuna and declared
it fell
tamam vana an ionic and a keen maja a
wall moves in a ladder in an Haqqanis -
idea
wanna be shot a knocko Nastasia de
genève sienna between Arab le le le
economist wahad Fatma Ashura phenomena
the alma mater Tiki shall attack tidbits
Hallyu stoical ugly the new attractive
for any bottle in oil
she actin historic a attic in annasmith
mohandas and a half dollar and Karianna
masha'Allah Brandolini un hasta la da da
da da dee dee jadon and Ezra Shore
analogy have fickle modulate
alhamdulillah and a common with the
angle health economist esta shadow bus
via Shakira monkey normal Russian and an
Aikido judo is mrs. Anna Bashir and Reva
hydrastine
addressed as Nana met Lazar Rakuten
Karen or address to Istanbul Manila and
who any knack for but hid Assad Laura
Countach Bellamy and sherry higher rare
high iron so lightly visa Cavallo can
cooler master ma scoot - Angela's
Mubarak own who will inhale Oh Hollis
any market worker - Anna Khalil Musa
Hill a kid received hell Mubarak Eid
rehearse effort then when I get Hayley
tomato
now had a surah ash in the ashtray and
unevenness Villa liliane means the I had
mooking exact around full to cart owned
a lab Anna tier bus but that car
Rajesh yeah and I was like a cocoon a
half Francis Nenana 50 qirush win can
finish be an affiliate another car on
lolly on rocky Anna and it with the
animal coalition a coon doctorate as
Nanak tiramisu elders and hadith the
Kearney V home if the current know when
when fatah trillion a contagion heavy
say her Dima I laugh a roofer will your
own still had NASA and I hide them and
Damon Damon but betrayal her delicious
later Sammy rusev knows you're a bloomin
Alam ara bara gentleman let's swap are
still a toddler Tattler and here a
fickle logical data show kuleana men who
are sort of in I will say if I will
share beyond me McCann but yes I will
help
let me say I did motor Watson I did my
own cutter and Desdemona were hardly a
miserable sinner but there are sort of
ash Halliburton are what I call medicine
when I saw over to her station
congratu her figure I'd need a thorough
my shift had a learner so oh he made it
I didn't die
oh goodness have a hole well I assume my
a dermal hey Mahesh good has he hit her
sir Andy he was a crow Conan Aragon oh
yeah anima of good oral hygiene it's
neat to hell Hydra along with machine
sauna
there are Sofia Hallie and Henry Joe
limit well as a fellow that is a that's
ooh
well trouble trusting in LA I swear man
well aware has been a man from McConnell
Homer should feel observably Stellaluna
he observe kasaravalli Manhattan who
observable habilis are at Elena subbable
is really in 419 as 4000 Danelle Betty
Anika Xiomara it she had a kid suburb
finish I had barely Lyla oh and misery
maka there's too little more stiffness
silhouetted Danny well hotel begin ness
a malli who durable with tear that
worker and so if I am good to get in
your head feel my roof I know lisara
kids about furniture Hechavarria
a remarkable insight into a decade of
growing up in Gaza well that's it from
us do join us again next time and do
check out our rewind page at
aljazeera.com for more films from this
series but for now thanks for joining us
and see you again soon
you
