Merson for five days Hawaii's Big Island
has been rattled by hundreds of
earthquakes and then three major tremors
over a three-hour period the biggest a
magnitude six point nine oh my god the
seismic activity began on Monday when
the crater floor of the pool a volcanic
cone on the Kilauea started to collapse
lava flowed into newly created
underground chambers that lava along
with ash rocks and toxic gas is now
being spewed into the air and coming up
through the earth they pop out they stay
active for a short period then they'll
kind of wane and then another one will
start out killer where's one of the
world's most active volcanoes
volcanologists say it was never a
question of when but where the volcano
might erupt what's different this time
is that a new fissure has appeared much
farther down the mountain the challenge
with this activity is the fact that it
occurred in a populated area now the
question is will it stay in that area
will it move to another part of the part
of the volcano and how long will it last
officials ordered at least 1700 people
to leave their homes including everyone
in the town of Pahoa residents are
familiar with the dangers four years ago
kill away as lava flow stopped just
short of the town
experts say the gases and ash are highly
toxic
but while the lava is dangerous it's
slow-moving that means people will have
time to escape
even for those who dare get close to it
but buildings can't be moved and homes
have already been destroyed
Kilauea has been erupting on and off for
35 years experts say it's difficult to
predict how long this eruption will last
but they're insisting they'll do
whatever is necessary no matter the
disruption to keep people safe Midian
ohand al Jazeera
