fleeing violence in poverty in Central
America migrants gather at the us-mexico
border seeking asylum over the last few
weeks this so-called caravan of people
is attracted the attention of President
Donald Trump he says the US border is
under siege and that immigration laws a
week but to protect our families we must
secure our borders and the good thing
about the caravan people are watching
people are watching you watch how
horrible they're coming in from Honduras
they're coming in from other places
they're taking this long trek up Mexico
now the temporary protected status of
57,000 on Durin's living in the u.s. is
set to end the program was set up to
offer refuge for those whose countries
are ravaged by war and natural disasters
many end of the program have legally
lived and worked in the US for decades
Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi released
a statement that in part reads today's
decision by the Trump administration to
end temporary protected status is a
cowardly assault on 57,000 Hondurans
which will tear apart families and
communities across America on Durin's
aren't the only ones affected six out of
the ten countries offered protection err
to lose their status most are from
Honduras El Salvador and Haiti it will
wreck their lives it will it will
disturb allies their families it will
separate their families because we are
talking about people who have been
living here for an average of 8 to 30
years they have deep roots in our
communities
critics say the Trump administration is
all but running down a humanitarian
program that began in 1990 on Durin's
have been given an 18-month extension
but over the next two years almost
400,000 people who've been legally
living in the US for years will be told
to leave Andy Gallagher aljazeera
Washington
