in the heart of a residential area in
Hawaii molten lava pours down the road
burning through woodland and sending
smoke ash and rocks into the sky
Kilauea erupted after several
earthquakes were felt on Hawaii and
hundreds of people living close by and
now being told they have no choice they
must leave their homes since it's right
there behind our house we could hear
this lava exploding right from the house
and so you know is a house gonna still
be there when we go back over there the
emergency services are now involved in a
major incident trying to assess the
scale of the eruption on the ground and
in the air and how best to help those
who live and work in its path roads are
being blocked off to keep people out the
most dangerous areas there's a crack in
the road
his helicopters smells like sulfur
all around here sofas now I think we're
one Street over from the lava right now
Kilauea has been erupting continuously
for more than 30 years but there's been
more activity in recent days it's about
15 kilometers away from where it had
been active and for roughly
two-and-a-half days there's been a high
frequency of earthquake it's not known
how long this current eruption will last
Hawaii's governor is urging people to
stay safe and be alert Emma Heywood
al-jazeera
