dr. aviary asking here SP now a final
announcement by Etta the end of a
process that seen it renounce violence
give up its weapons and most recently
issue a partial apology for the hundreds
of people had killed over a 50-year
period Oscar Abbot is a former etta
member who spent 21 years in prison for
acts including the attempted murder of
police officers at this nationalist bar
in Bilbao he told us he doesn't regret
his part in what he calls the fight for
basque independence this is not a defeat
this is a change in our strategy a
different means of struggle personally I
think the objectives remain the same and
we haven't given up it's that kind of
talk that concerns people like jose
maria Mujica 22 years ago his father
Fernando the Socialist Party councillor
was shot dead by a Netta member near
this office where he worked as a lawyer
we have to keep up the fight against
impunity for the terrorists and resolve
the 358 murders committed by the
terrorist group and also we must
continue to fight over memory which
means defeating not just etter but the
political project of its heirs one of
those heirs is Gorka ellika Baretta he
spent 12 years in exile as a member of
ATA's political wing and now works for a
Basque separatist party
he says there's consensus among
pro-independence basks and those who
want to remain a semi-autonomous part of
Spain for the idea of a referendum that
consensus is upon the right to decide
how is it possible that in the 21st
century we still cannot have a normal
political discussion on the future of
this country and how is it possible that
these people cannot get decide its
future but recent survey suggests that
unlike in Catalonia fewer than 20% of
people in Spain's Basque Country support
breaking away that's part of the issue
why it is dissolving right now because
the paired ISM it's been reduced and and
and the people supporting the paradism
it's it's
frankly it's a minority inside the
nationalistic group people
etta sympathizers still have demands of
their own including the transfer of
etter prisoners to jails here in the
basque country
that's something the government in
Madrid may be willing to consider but
it's also promised to go after at a
members implicated in past crimes the
decades of violence may have ended years
ago but the ripples will continue to be
felt across basque society nadine barber
al jazeera san sebastian
