the threats been clear and present for
many years climate change caused by
human activity is putting our very
survival in peril
now the UN's climate change body says
concerted action needs to come much
sooner than previously thought
early action to limit to reduce
greenhouse gas emissions is possible
there are options available there are
signs that mitigation is going on but if
this is to be achieved there's an urgent
need to accelerate three years ago at
the Paris climate change conference many
governments gave themselves a pat on the
back they pledged to take action to
limit temperature rises to 1.5 degrees
Celsius above pre-industrial levels now
the experts say they're failing and time
is running out
the IPCC says meeting that 1.5 degrees
target requires a 45 percent cut in
carbon emissions by 2030 and alarmingly
zero net carbon emissions by 2050 with
steep cuts in other greenhouse gases
like methane it's a question of whether
we can make certain decisions in the
coming years the benefit the
beneficiaries are going to be the our
children and our grandchildren and play
several coming generations the IPCC says
by the end of this century global sea
level rises would be 10 centimeters
lower with warming of 1.5 degrees
compared to 2 degrees and the Arctic is
likely to be ice-free in summer around
once a century at 1.5 degrees but at
least once a decade if warming reaches 2
degrees none of this is Akademik faster
action will reduce flooding giving
people living on the world's coasts
islands and river deltas time to adapt
to climate change then there are the
millions affected by drought many on the
African continent we need to look at
climate financing strategies that ensure
that we sort of a speed of climate
climate action related to issues like
agriculture food security livelihoods
and migrations and that's because
migration season migration is no longer
a choice for lots of people in the
continent it is now a mas because of
global warming the IPCC report says
renewable energy must account for at
least 70% of electricity by 2050
compared with 25% now
to stay within the 1.5 degree limit
carbon will have to be sucked out of the
air by machines and stored underground
and billions of trees will have to be
planted and there'll be tough choices
between using land for food or for
biofuel crops we've been shown the
solutions now it's over to our
politicians and to us nadine barber al
jazeera
