the investigators looking into
allegations US President Donald Trump's
campaign colluded with Russia want to
question him but the president's legal
team who would accompany him is changing
again
Ty Cobb has been one of trumps lawyers
since last July the White House says
he's decided to retire to take effect at
the end of the month
Cobb is the second member of trumps
legal team to leave him in the past two
months John Dowd quit in March after he
told reporters he thought the
investigation should end it will be very
difficult with mr. Cobb going to attract
somebody who's gonna ask themselves why
do I want to go to a ship that's sinking
the cop departure comes at a critical
time during the probe by special counsel
robert muller his team is looking into
whether the russian government worked
with the trump campaign during the 2016
US election Paul Manafort Trump's former
campaign chair has already been indicted
and is awaiting trial former White House
national security adviser Michael Flynn
pled guilty to lying to the FBI and it's
believed he is now working with
investigators but there are now
questions about whether Trump will speak
with the FBI Cobb reportedly encouraged
Trump to cooperate Cobb's replacement
Emmett flood is known for being more
adversarial the White House says flood
is joining the team to represent the
president against what it called the
Russia witch-hunt science and there were
new threats by Republicans in Congress
to remove the man overseeing the case
Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein
there been people who have been making
threats privately and publicly against
me for quite some time and I think they
should understand by now the Department
of Justice is not going to be extorted
on Wednesday Trump seemed to respond to
that directly tweeting he may need to
use the powers granted to the presidency
and get involved ironically the lawyer
stepping into ty Cobbs place built his
reputation defending someone Donald
Trump despises Emmett fled represented
u.s. President Bill Clinton during his
impeachment
proceedings Kimberly hellcat al-jazeera
at the White House
