in the newsroom of one TV and Kabul a
reporter's desk is now a memorial on it
the photos of cameraman now Roos Ali
Raja B and reporter Ghazi Rizzoli they
were two of nine journalists killed in
Monday's bombing in the capital a tenth
died during an attack in the east
I met Haider II was one of the last to
see his colleagues alive yes it's the
dangerous nowadays we can say that
Afghanistan one of the most dangerous
countries in the world that units are
working we are not facing with one trait
we are facing with the huge of treats
this is from of yours from terrorist
organization a truck bomb blast a few
hundred meters away destroyed the one TV
studios last year three staff members
were injured in the explosion
they killed 150 and wounded hundreds
more reporters were back live on the air
within hours of the massive attack
another station came under attack in
November
Shamshad TV was besieged for hours by
ISIL fighters but Monday's attack was
the most blatant direct assault on the
media so far journalists rushed to the
scene of the first suicide bomb
explosion then a second bomber blew
himself up among a crowd of reporters
cameramen and photographers being a
journalist has never been easy here in
addition to the bombings and attacks
journalists have been intimidated for
years beaten up even murdered allegedly
by powerful people
unhappy with the stories written about
them and more often than not the killers
are never punished and the killer of
Abdullah an on Hagen is still at large
the TV reporter was shot last week in
the centre of Kandahar in southern
Afghanistan I think freedom of speech in
the countries like Afghanistan is much
important than the countries in the
United States because they're the
countries in the and the West at least
there is a chicken balance between
different parts of the powers but in
Afghanistan there is an absolute power
without any check and the media is
providing that check editor's say the
government isn't working with them or
doing enough to keep them safe
we have discussed how to provide
security to journalists and our media
partners in fact the protection of
civilians is our top priority but you
know that suicide and terrorist attack
are sophisticated and on some cases
preventing attacks is complicated we
accept that despite the recent bloodshed
journalists say they continue to have
hope for the media in Afghanistan and
are proud to be broadcasting here
Jennifer glass al Jazeera Kabul
