life force Olli McCarten and her family
has been precarious enough since
escaping the military crackdown against
the reinjure in Myanmar eight months ago
their makeshift shelter is perched on a
hilltop in the cupola refugee camp in
Bangladesh but the daily struggle to
survive is expected to become even
harder in the weeks and months ahead for
Salima and hundreds of thousands of
refugees like her because cyclone season
is starting we are afraid of the wind
sometimes it takes our tarpaulins and
there might be landslides but we don't
have anywhere else to go there's a sense
of urgency around the camp the weather
could change dramatically at any time
thousands of tons of bamboo is being
distributed to refugees so they can make
their shelters stronger aid agencies are
training them how to best secure what
are often nothing more than tarpaulin
and corrugated iron shacks we were
afraid of the wind and thunder during
cyclones they're teaching us about
landslides and what we need to do heavy
machinery has been brought in to the
camps to build roads it's vital
emergency services have access to
anywhere in the camp in order to rescue
victims of potential landslides or
floods as quickly as possible
men gather bricks to harden the road
surface otherwise they will quickly turn
to mud when heavy rain arrives you can
see how vulnerable and expose these
flimsy shelters are on these hillsides
now over the next four months
we're expecting a cyclone and a monsoon
season where winds can often reach up to
a hundred kilometers an hour there's
gonna be lashing rain which means places
like these are potentially highly
vulnerable to landslides aid agencies
here say around 200,000 people need to
be moved to safer ground the Bangladesh
government has allocated a large area
specifically to house refugees who need
to be moved shelters schools and health
centers are due to be built here aid
agencies say there are 25,000 people
living in areas most vulnerable to
landslides who need to be relocated
immediately
they need to be moved to safer flatter
ground that's what we're doing we're
moving and working as fast as we can
with heavy machines with people so that
these families can live somewhere where
they've got access to food public health
services and that they're safe and that
they're comfortable and that they're not
at risk from any further disasters in
the late afternoon the weather suddenly
changes for the worse the wind kicks up
dust clouds across the camp refugees run
for cover or rush to try and secure the
tarpaulins that are ripped from roofs
hundreds of thousands of men women and
children face their greatest challenge
yet since fleeing for their lives from
the Myanmar military crackdown Charles
trafford al Jazeera couch appalling
refugee camp Bangladesh
