hi I'm fairly okay I'm Molly people are
and you're in the stream today as part
of well Press Freedom Day we take a look
at how the United States the Philippines
and hungry try and silence journalists
but first we turn to the recent attack
on journalists in Afghanistan Malika you
have that story that's right by me a
dark day that's what many are calling
the blast on Monday in the Afghan
capital Kabul that took the lives of
nine journalists rushing to cover the
scene of an earlier bombing the attack
which injured at least 49 others
including an Al Jazeera cameraman was
later claimed by ISIL the country ranks
as one of the most dangerous in
reporters without borders 2018 World
Press Freedom Index these are just three
of the faces in the latest attack on
press freedom in Afghanistan Farishta
Mohammad irani the only woman among the
journalists killed this week she was a
producer of woman a program on the radio
station Azadi Saleem Talaash a reporter
for Mashal TV Santa texts his friends
warning them away from the scene of the
earlier bombing he died when the second
bomb exploded 30 minutes later Michelle
TV's I leave Selenia company Talaash he
joined the station a week before the
explosion took his life tragically they
weren't alone Afghan TV network Tolo
news confirmed the death of its longtime
cameraman yaar muhammad taqi when TV
news Afghanistan mourn the loss of their
reporter Ghazi rasool e and cameraman
Nowruz ally Russia be and as Adi radio
station shared the photos of their
journalists sebelum Takhar and a bad
ilaha nas i and the AFP news agency
shared a collection of photos from their
chief photographer Shammar i also killed
in the blast
the Kabul attack received widespread
condemnation Afghanistan's National
Security Adviser tweets my sincere
condolences to the families of victims
and the press family in Afghanistan and
around the world terrorists can't choke
press freedom and people's voices with
such attacks the same day one more
journalist was killed in the eastern
province of coached and before the
attacks on Monday an Afghan journalist
was shot dead in the city of Kandahar on
Thursday as we commemorate World Press
Freedom we remember the loss of these
journalists as the UN deputy Special
Representative for its mission in
Afghanistan tweets the pain of your loss
is exceeded only by the determination to
continue your work
hashtag Afghanistan mourns let me thank
you so much Malika we had now to Hungary
where press freedom is becoming
increasingly challenged the country
dropped two spots to 73 in the reporters
without borders Press Freedom Index
Prime Minister Viktor orb√°n's ongoing
crackdown on independent press has
reshaped Hungary's a media landscape his
government has been accused of
systematically targeting opposition
voices through economic pressure and
intimidation eliciting repeated warnings
from European Union joining us to
discuss this in New York we have Margo
Ewan she's in North America Director
with reporters without borders and in
Budapest Hungary is sbatch flourish is a
journalist with a conservative weekly
magazine her TV loss it is good to have
you Margo good to have you so bulge so
wash I'm gonna start on your Twitter
feed some look at this everybody no
comment needed Hungary was ranked at
seventy third place on the 2018
Reporters Without Borders Index behind
all of her European neighbors no comment
needed I'm gonna push you so Bosh here
what were you thinking when you first
heard that about your own country being
a journalist well of course if I had to
be strict I would say this is nothing
new because my country is on a slope he
way on arrow sets Press Freedom Index
let me just remind the audience that in
the current government came into power
my country was 23rd on this list and now
it's on the 73rd so that requires no
comment as I as I wrote last year as you
mentioned we were on 71st place so it's
sloping down is nothing new but of
course set up dates so you mentioned it
was an updating of sloping down it's
nothing new but I wanted to share this
comment from balint on Twitter he says
government critical press outlets that
are able to stay afloat without
government ad money operate relatively
undisturbed bigger issue is independent
media acquired by Oleg arcs and used to
push propaganda it's a lost battle he
goes on to say the impact is already
there the only news most voters in the
countryside can easily access is
hate-filled propaganda and this played a
huge part in Dez's re-election which of
course is the ruling party at Viktor
Orban what do you make of his comments
there that the impact you're already
seeing it well I think this tweet is a
bit exaggerating the situation which is
harsh at the same time I would say
because it's true that government
oligarchs are now currently owning
exclusive access to the original
newspapers they acquired them in the
last last years they are really
influential outlets to reach the the
public in the countryside but on the
other hand if you look on the online
sphere you know it's open it's
accessible so if if one takes the
trouble to go online they can they can
find critical voices critical messages
on the other on the other hand as well
well these outlets are struggling with
financing because they cannot get access
to government funding so that's that's a
hurdle to jump over but but the sentence
or the statements that countryside
people can exclusively the access
government controls media is simply not
true I'm online right now I'm looking at
the Hungarian free
press Margaux bringing you into the
conversation here the headline here says
Press Freedom Index lists Hungary as
problematic what do you mean by
problematic unpacked out for us
well it's refers to an area in the Press
Freedom Index where we rank certain
countries based on their score and given
that hungry has fallen considerably in
the past couple of years it isn't about
the category called problematic and that
is because as your guest so put it there
is less and less media independence less
and less pluralism of voices in the
country and it's becoming more and more
polarized due to or mons control over
many different media that are pro state
propaganda but also this problem of
oligarchs that are Pro or bonds
government buying up some other media
outlets which means that there are a few
independent news sources left many of
them are online but it does polarize the
debate in the country and it's really
concerning for a country within the
European Union for for this to be
happening and so that's why we consider
it problematic so I hear what you're
saying that but I want to posit this
this is from someone on Twitter who
might disagree this is Steve Valentine
he says the media is fully independent
in Hungary all media is available in
Hungary people no longer buy the liberal
media publications
hence some have had to close their doors
they have literally run out of other
people's money so bullshit I'll direct
that one to you
he's saying this is just about
independent media companies or liberal
companies this he's calls them not
having the money to continue well that's
partly true but of course I would say
that at the other side of the scale way
it's another exaggeration so if you if
you look on the market numbers it's
clear that independent outlets as well
as other newspapers televisions radios
are in a problematic environment but
what Margo said is well I have to agree
of course because this is problematic
the train
this problematic let me just ask you
this one thing I know you were curious
because we have Margo here and we're
almost at the end of your segment you
wanted to know how you ended up the
bottom in the whole of Europe in terms
of their press freedom in index Margo
can you explain that to support very
quickly well of course for us it is this
groundswell attempt to eradicate all
independent media voices that are
opposed to the Orban regime and for us
for reporters without borders
Hungary is the worst example of this of
course we have a similar trend that's
going on in Poland right now that we're
watching very closely that we hope would
not produce the same results as it did
in hungry
and so that's why hungry is the worst
performer in the European region in our
index thank you for talking to us about
the media landscape in Hungary we are
going to say goodbye to you but hold on
to Margo for the rest of our program we
head to the Philippines now the country
drops six spots from last year landing
at 133 on the Press Freedom Index in
2017 for journalists were killed making
it the deadliest country in Asia for
members of the media hostility towards
the press comes from the top down the
country's president Rodrigo Duterte
routinely lambaste the media in 2016
shortly before being sworn in he warned
journalists that they are not exempted
from assassination and earlier this year
he revoked the license of one of the
Philippines leading news organizations
rap ler a publication that's been
fiercely critical of him joining us to
talk about this in Manila
Natasha Gutierrez she's the Southeast
Asia correspondent for rap ler welcome
to the stream Natasha I want to start
with this tweet because we've gotten it
a couple of ideas from our online
community on why the Philippines may
have dropped on the list hi Mae here
says safety it's always a concern giving
the number of cases of journalists
murdered in the Philippines that go
unsolved Rattler is being used as a
poster child to the media should they
become critical of the de tarde
administration it is pure intimidation
what do you make of his comments hi
thanks for having me
well we do agree with hey man we've ever
since the beginning said that when the
first government case was filed against
traveler we instantly called it
harassment at this point they're eight
government offices after Rattler they've
targeted rattler for various reasons
from liable to tax evasion of course all
unwarranted we believe and it's to us
clear and pure harassment and something
that sort of we expected after months
and months of attacks towards rattler
and our critical reporting of this
administration I'm trying to work out
Natasha what it was that you're doing
what it is that rattler is doing that's
getting under the skin of President
dieter T and his administration a couple
of examples here propaganda war
weaponizing the Internet this was a
multi-part series about propaganda can
you tell us what kind of reaction you've
got to this series i think the first
thing we want to clarify is rattler is
the first and the only news outlet in
the region that is owned by journalists
so already we are independent we're
different from all the other news
outlets were not owned by all the guards
or businessmen and we are were
independently owned aware journalists
who own this news outlets so we're not
indebted to anybody
and when we do story success the
propaganda series talked about fake news
talked about the hate speech and mapped
the networks that were behind it
which pointed to the administration's
then obviously that angered the present
and the government stories like this
like the impunity theories which talks
about the drug war you know critical
reporting on the issues under this
precedent we understand the frustration
of this administration and this is
exactly why we've found ourselves under
attack but at the same time this is why
we need to keep on reporting critically
even though it is getting harder as is
shown by the Press Freedom Index enter
drop in Natasha I think it is
journalists like you that our next
Twitter comment er has in mind Z says
you've got to admire the grit and
courage especially of rattlers female
journalists who were turned away by
palace in a beggar
attacked on social media by government
supporters even probably receiving death
threats but you don't see them changing
their style of reporting
Margeaux broadening this out to all of
the reporters a trappler and other
places in the philippines what is it
that your organization saw as as
troubling here that caused them to draw
well really what we see as troubling in
the Philippines is it's the deadliest
country in Asia for journalists with
four killed in 2017 and actually a
couple of days ago a radio local radio
journalist was gunned down after leading
a recording of his show and later died
from his wounds and authorities
investigating that death believe that he
was directly targeted for being a
journalist so we see in Philippines this
top-down anti media rhetoric which is
quite violent it actually gets
translated into physical violence
against journalists and that's what's so
concerning to reporters about borders
and particularly with the case of rap
where we know that Maria race' has
herself received death threats threats
of rape things that are specifically
target against women journalists things
that have caused us to be actually
greatly concerned for the safety of
rattlers CEO and their staff and so
we've actually alerted the United
Nations to this issue as an urgent
concern one of the many urgent concerns
reporters without borders flags when
there is a safety of journalists at
stake but for the Philippines especially
an ally of the United States to have
there
Duterte saying all the time derogatory
remarks against journalists but also
saying that they might deserve to be
killed referring to them as SOPs that's
really what we see is the driver behind
some of this violence and and also this
online violence and this culture of
cyber bullying and trolling that seems
to come directly you know
trickling down from the state Natacha
I'm just looking at tweet that you
pinned at the top of your Twitter feed
and it's from January of this year a sad
day for democracy and press freedom we a
trappler received the kill order
revoking our license to operate the
first of its kind in philippine history
this is a clear
attack on media by government we won't
allow it and then when I'm looking for
rattler online I see it I see it for
today so you're still operating you're
still doing journalism
how are you fighting back yes we are so
that position and came very quickly
unusually quickly it took five months
for them to decide to revoke the license
normally and in the past companies have
been given the chance to explain their
side that was not given to us that that
right was not given to us and if we were
closed down by the government we would
be the first news outlet to be closed
down since the dictatorship of Marcos so
that says a lot how are we fighting that
we filed a case we filed our appeal
we're just waiting to hear about that
decision normally that would take a few
years but again we don't know under this
administration
it could be rushed they could come out
to the decision tomorrow and aside from
this case where the Securities and
Exchange Commission like I mentioned
earlier there are now seven other
government offices aside from the SEC
that has targeted Rattlers so if we do
survive this particular case we're still
facing a tax evasion case a libel case
again like I said all unwarranted so
we're fighting back with critical
reporting with information speaking to
Peavy shows like you or online shows
like you and it's continuing our
campaign for press freedom and we're
hoping to increase awareness about this
issue so that everyone can see sort of
what's happening or the decline of press
freedom here in the Philippines Natasha
keeping that in mind we got this from
stability surge she says we need to
think about not just the ban the
potential ban on rap ler itself but what
further consequences it might have in
the future and I think this applies
globally intrudes this person says what
are you planning that's exactly why we
this is not just about rap ler and a
government it's actually about the
government and press and again there
could be a chilling effect we're already
seeing this any sort of words that come
out from the precedent is then amplified
online by online hate speech again the
Philippines you have to note is
the number-one users on Facebook so you
can sort of imagine how toxic it can get
here in the Philippines so yeah that's
exactly what we're arguing for and
that's what we're fighting for that this
isn't just about us if we get closed
down it's a precedent that it could
happen you know that could say it could
set a precedent to what this
administration is capable of doing and
this government has also attacked other
news outlets although they've been
targeting us
so again if they succeed in closing us
we don't know what could happen
after that not just in the Philippines
but also in the region if they can see
that this is possible and this day and
age then what would stop other leaders
from doing the same Natasha Gutierrez is
from Rapala she's the Southeast Asia
correspondent there thank you for
joining us here on the stream and now we
go to the United States the home of
press freedom where despite
constitutional protection journalists
have faced increasing attacks over the
past few years it is one reason the u.s.
dropped two spots to 45 on the Press
Freedom Index Donald Trump is often
critical of the media and routinely uses
the term fake news when describing news
coverage as a way to discredit the press
and journalists have faced the risk of
arrest or assault for covering protests
or simply asking public officials
questions though joining us to discuss
this in st. Louis Missouri
Mike Falk a reporter with the st. Louis
post-dispatch welcome to the stream Mike
I wanted to share a video comment that
we got from a member of our community on
this topic especially when it comes to
the US and I want your thoughts on this
here's Noah Millman a columnist at the
week thankfully in the United States
there hasn't really been direct
interference with freedom of the press
as there has been hungry hopefully there
won't be the bigger problem is that
their dramatic decline in public
confidence in the press and the rise of
partisanship has given an opening for
political actors to effectively avoid
the press as as a check and I don't know
what the solution to that is within the
current media ecosystem where all the
incentives line up to encourage the
media to be only more partisan
so microd is diving right in there he
talks about incentives to encourage the
media to be more partisan he doesn't see
this in being positively given your
story what do you make of his comments I
you know I believe I don't know how that
you know some of that relates to my
story I think I do think as far as the
partisan the market for partisan media
is absolutely maybe at an all-time high
you see that when the political center
of the country has moved and I think
journalists see it in their and their
regular reporting when they are talking
to someone either on the left or the
right who more or less takes certain
questions or certain facts and reporting
as as as being somehow inherently
against them the nation is more
polarized and and as a result you're
seeing industries like media be subject
to some of the more hostile consequences
of that kind of political climate might
let me share a little bit of your story
with our audience this is you sonu sood
by journalist he was arrested pepper
sprayed during a protest and then this
picture here what happened just briefly
we kept the story for us there had been
an entire day of protests it was the
third day of protests following the
acquittal of a st. Louis police officer
a white police officer who had been
accused of shooting an unarmed black
suspect he was not convicted and
obviously here in st. Louis the issue of
inequality police violence whether or
not everyone is viewed equally under the
law has been an issue for a long time no
one has forgotten Ferguson and this
certainly I think sprang up from from
the embers of of that incident you know
the first time I showed up to these
protests on the first day I was accused
of being an undercover police officer by
a protester on the third day of
protesting
it was mostly peaceful and then after
the official protests ended there was
some violence in that there were some
windows broken flowerpots overturned a
lot of chaos in terms of people
scattering and running when when this
violence started and and then a few
arrests were made and and a few hours
transpired before anything happened I
and some other journalists were at an
intersection waiting to see what else
would happen through the rest of the
night there were about a hundred people
just like the dots for us because your
lawyer said I don't think it's a good
idea for you to be on the stream today
but you really wanted to come on because
we were talking about press freedom
connect the dots why did you say I'm
coming on why is this important to you
well because what happened in that
intersection was not just what happened
to me but about a hundred other people
who were there in a in a public space
we're trapped cornered and then and then
without without warning or without
reason yeah were pepper sprayed beaten
dragged arrested and like my I spent 13
hours in in an overcrowded jail cell
covered in pepper spray we here we came
from your story why press freedom is
important to you you were journalists
and that happened to you we wish you the
best of luck with your situation thank
you so much how's this conversation been
going down online well I will image this
street from Alpine who you know hearing
that story from Mike has this to say
every single day this administration
take steps to eliminate barriers and
safeguards for personal freedoms across
the board and the press is the daily
target for attacks in all directions so
thank you to all of our guests today and
especially Margaux you and from
reporters without borders she's the
North American director there as we sign
off I'd like to share with our viewers
the World Press Freedom Day hits very
close to home here at al-jazeera buzzer
excuse me where one of our networks
journalist Mahmud Hussain has been held
in prison in Egypt for nearly 500 days
without charge he has been kept in
solitary confinement and denied his
legal rights as we say here always at
this network journalism is not a crime
thanks for watching everybody see you
next time
you
