there are some signs of normal life
restarting here after the earthquake and
tsunami electricity food and fuel were
largely unavailable four days after the
disaster
now supplies are arriving in parts of
Peru allowing some economic activity to
get going again
we only reopen so we could help people
get food easily even though ingredients
are still difficult to get because we
were spared from the disaster we feel
like we have a duty to help other people
when Indonesia's president Joko Widodo
visited affected areas last week he said
restarting the economy was one of the
priorities people remain afraid of more
earthquakes but they're emerging from
what's left of their homes others are
returning having fled when disaster
struck on some streets there is color
and vibrancy once again but you don't
have to go far for a reminder of what
happened here and that there's still
much to be done bodies continue to be
recovered but given the difficult
terrain it's slow going you may never
know the exact number of people who died
in this disaster particularly in areas
like this which are so vast and the
destruction so immense yes in some of
the affected areas life is beginning to
return to some sort of normality but
here it is difficult to imagine how that
will ever be possible the government
says they may be up to five thousand
missing under the rubble and mud in two
areas of Peru but the search will be
wound down or stopped on Thursday that
contradicts an earlier statement from
the Indonesian president who said all
the victims must be found relatives of
the missing want the search to continue
poorly Shabab you mean in these
conditions we realize it's very
difficult to get all the bodies out but
we expect our family members to be found
but they haven't so the government needs
to give us a solution are they going to
ask our permission before they convert
this into a mass grave yard the
government officially ending the search
will be something many won't be able to
accept and with entire communities wiped
out it's expected to be a long time
before most will be able to contemplate
normality Wayne hey al-jazeera Palu
Indonesia
