this was the moment of collective
disappointment on euro vans Republic
Square after MPs from the ruling
Republican party used their
parliamentary majority to block the
so-called people's candidate selection
to prime minister by forty five votes to
fifty five despite him being the only
candidate a huge gathering of supporters
expected the vote would reflect the will
of the Armenian people they followed the
debate from the square or on radios and
smartphones but Republican MPs spent
nine hours questioning Nicole Passion
yawns right to govern or his competence
in a military crisis to the crowds
cheers mr. passion injustice yesterday
today you have not convinced me I do not
see you as the supreme commander mister
passenger and later joined the crowd the
mood was still buoyant if we're talking
about negotiations I want to officially
say that that may only refer to the
political funeral of the Republican
Party mr. passion Yun has spearheaded
the mass protests that led to the
resignation of the veteran leader says
suck see Ann last month he's promising
to rid the poor ex-soviet country of
corruption and poverty and bring about
free and fair elections he is now called
for a general strike and further
protests and Armenians are ready to
return to the streets ahead of another
vote expected next week
I feel victory anyway we won because
we're together now what Nicole Passion
yen says we will do but they vowed to
continue
this movement the khopesh yen promising
will change people are ready to wait a
little bit longer for it grabbing
Forestier Walker
al Jazeera Yerevan
