for two years Kenya has been in the grip
of a devastating drought amongst those
worst affected are Kenya's over 5
million pastoralists for whom finding
freshwater and lush postulants is
critical for the survival of their herds
but something has been developed could
something like this hold the key to
getting herders around the country
through these difficult times today an
app called a free Scout is being
launched in the town of Caggiano they'll
be herders from all over the region
who've come to learn more about the app
and take that information back to their
villages I'm interested to see what they
make of the new technology every Scout
is the brainchild of project concern
international or PCI an NGO committed to
helping herders cope with drought nearly
4,000 people around Africa use it so far
and today it's being officially rolled
out in Kenya PCI hopes to revolutionize
how heard is find water by using
something 87% of Kenyans already have in
their pockets a smartphone the app
accesses satellite maps which detail the
water conditions throughout Kenya
updating every 10 days
you can also zoom to find in surface
water
so as you can see here this is not yet
dry not using it herders can see
instantly where to target migrations and
avoid using drier areas which need time
to recuperate to find out more about how
the app can help herders I'm off to
southern Kenya with some Maasai have
lost over half their cattle Joshua and
us Aruba has been using a free Scout for
three months
Joshua yes I am Dhoni thank you so much
you're allowing us to come to your home
and join you today yeah these are your
animals yeah these are my animals
okay is my father is it to meet you
suffer yeah
is my brother hello and yes to meet you
yeah he's another brother of mine hello
these are my views are my young boy it's
a pleasure to meet you all
yeah so we're gonna get started are we
gonna walk now there is a milking
process knocking the cows in yeah okay
yeah after milking we will go it's my
mom hello yeah I'm making mouths yeah
maybe that's how it will be a bit white
when a bit wild yeah when you go near
fruity does that mean it can possibly
take
for the Maasai cattle are highly prized
a large cow can fetch as much as $500 at
market but it's even more valuable as a
source of food for the family
something that seems so simple but it's
really not as easy as it looks
you need to have quite a good rhythm
yeah and enough strength to make it down
probably and when you took this very
very nice so when you have a drought
like Kenya is having now how does that
affect your cattle let's draw well a
migrated me up to Tanzania I lost
roughly 15 big jaws yes yeah it has a
big impact because I felt it it is very
bad but when it comes to a situation
that I cannot control it I have to there
yeah I mean I know today we're going to
take a trick and I'm hoping that you can
show me the tool that you've been using
now that makes it easier yes you just
download the apps then you you will see
where there is no puzzles like it right
now when you see this is a place that we
are
this is Marlo this is where we are in
Aurora yeah okay and you can feel now
this region here you see really becoming
drug but when you this way near torment
you can see there is a greener pastures
here okay so that is the journey that
will be making yeah we walk about their
foot for business 44 kilometers well
that's a long way to go yeah Masai like
Joshua are accustomed to walking as far
as it takes to find good posture staying
away from their families for months at a
time
migration is very difficult master we
have to because you cannot yesterday
because they will die Joshua didn't have
that last year when the conditions were
also extreme this is one of their cow
that I lost when I was moving this one
he fell down here we try to help it but
no it is faint early today
that's incredibly sad yeah so you had
gone to try and look for water and
pastures for the cows but the cow just
couldn't make the journey and the cow
just collapsed here yeah it was a big
cow it is also big five six liters of
milk in the morning season lead us in
the evening so it was a real loss for
you yeah these are offs
it just it brings back home just the
thought that it's such a difficult way
of life because you have to keep on the
move to find the water and to find the
grazing lands but in order to move these
animals use so much energy to go from
one place to another so if you don't
know where you're going and you're just
trying your luck wherever you can
it's incredibly hard for these animal
with almost 30 percent of his livestock
already lost drought it's even more
pressing for Joshua to keep her
surviving cattle in good condition
which means finding ample water during
the trek now we are going to the
drinking point there is a slacker
somewhere here and we need to take water
there according to the app it's 30
kilometers from where they started this
is a really popular place to come and
drink I see someone else has brought
their cows yeah
can we find a place under the tree maybe
have a bit of a rest yeah I'm quite
tired so can we see this watering hole
on the map this is the model we came
from this place traveller so now we are
just somewhere here you can see someone
somewhere here knowing the location of a
temporary water source like this could
mean life or death for a herd you
doesn't whereabouts americorps yups near
ice because of a woman that won us but
the app can make all this much simpler
so allah forgive for Playstore do not
occur to you not every stunt are you
teaching him how to yeah yeah okay cuz
at the moment when you need to look for
water for your cattle or for pastures
what do you do you just go blindly yes
so you think you might use it yeah and
does it sound interesting does it
sounding something you would use
it's been 10 hours and we're into what
should be good pasture land this is a
place that we why in the morning
Amuro and we have travel under aramis I
maybe yeah but you can see the
difference it's so much better here yeah
yeah yeah it's so much better this place
is becoming more better so the cows will
be able to stay here they'll have enough
food to eat
yeah they would stay here for almost one
month then after there we shall see I'll
get them up where I shall be drilled
rest of the moon shall move I've had a
wonderful day thank you so much I'm
tired
sorry and I must thank you yeah now we
can move to the home sticks because now
their Sun is setting then we shall have
a cup of tea
they need advice thank you yeah I could
use one yeah
for the herders with access to satellite
maps livestock mortality has nearly hard
since Joshua has relied on a free Scout
he hasn't lost any clouds to doubt him
the app has been a real success
