good morning is it time that you resign
the Windrush scandal put immense
pressure on amber Rudd and she liked
have survived if it weren't for a
mistake and questioned on the
government's policy of removing illegal
migrants from Britain targets for
removals when were they set we don't
have targets for removals but there are
deportation targets and her department
knew of them they affected the so called
Windrush families who settled legally in
post-war Britain but whose right to
remain was questioned families from
Commonwealth countries now caught up in
a government's hostile immigration
policy replacing Rudd Sajid Javid an
experienced Minister he becomes
Britain's first Muslim Home Secretary
son of Pakistani migrants his reaction
to Windrush is personal I'm honored to
have been asked earlier this morning to
become Home Secretary I want to start by
making a pledge I pledge to those from
the Windrush generation who have been in
this country for decades and yet have
struggled to navigate through the
immigration system this never should
have been the case and I will do
whatever it takes to put it right like
amber Rudd Sajid Javid supported the
remain campaign in the brexit referendum
and that will have been a major factor
in his appointment as to resume needs to
maintain that delicate balance between
levers and remain errs in her cabinet
going forward on a school visit the
Prime Minister denied it and Rudd
resigned with a harsh immigration
policies that she herself helped enforce
and she defended the deportation policy
when I was Home Secretary yes the word
targets in the in terms of removing
people from the from the country who are
here illegally this is important I think
if you look talk to members of the
public they want to ensure that we are
dealing with people who are here
illegally Theresa May is brushing aside
called for her resignation as many are
now calling for a reset on the UK's
immigration policy there'll be a busy
week for Britain's new Home Secretary
Charlie
al Jazeera London
