the first suicide bomber was on a
motorbike ISIL says the target was
intelligence headquarters but the
explosion killed civilians and policemen
in the street four policemen from
district 9 who were at the front line
were among those martyrs and three
policemen were wounded as well emergency
workers rushed to the scene to aid the
wounded Afghan cameramen reporters and
photographers who come to cover the news
became part of the story when a second
suicide bomber disguised as a journalist
blew himself up among them such attacks
could create existential threat against
press freedom and freedom of expression
in Afghanistan which is considered one
of the biggest achievements of the
country in the past 17 years Afghanistan
has got the most vibrant media in the
region this is supposed to be a secure
part of Kabul home to not only
intelligence headquarters but NATO the
US Embassy and various aid organizations
in the capital these days nothing feels
safe
another ISIL bombing last week killed at
least 60 people and injured 110 Afghans
lined up to register to vote were the
target not only a Kabul but elsewhere -
in Kandahar in southern Afghanistan a
suicide car bomb attack on a NATO convoy
killed at least 11 civilians including
children
several NATO soldiers and Afghan
policemen were injured the Afghan
president has described these attacks as
war crimes terrorist acts in conflict
with Islamic values and human rights and
the Afghans blame the government for not
doing enough to prevent them
Jennifer glass al-jazeera Kabul
