ratcheting up the rhetoric against Iran
the newly appointed US Secretary of
State says the Iranians are a threat and
urges more sanctions but what kind of
threat is Iran to the US and the region
and can Iranian influence be contained
this is inside story
hello there and welcome to inside story
I'm Laura Kyle the newly installed US
Secretary of State has wrapped up his
three country tour of the Middle East in
Jordan where he met the foreign minister
and King Abdullah Mike Pompeo
underscored the importance of the
Jordanian role in helping solve
conflicts in neighboring countries in
particular he urged Palestinian leaders
to reengage in talks with Israel an
America's top diplomat urged a united
front against what the White House says
is the regional threat posed by Iran the
message he emphasized earlier in both
Saudi Arabia and Israel
Harry faucet has more from West
Jerusalem in the Middle East Mike Pompeo
doubled down on the theme that has
dominated his first international trip
as Secretary of State
Iran's threat to the region and the
world and the solidifying US threat to
pull out of the Iran nuclear deal Iran
destabilizes this entire region
it supports proxy militias and terrorist
groups in arms it is an arms dealer to
the Houthi rebels in Yemen and Iran
conducts cyber hacking campaigns it
supports the murderous Assad regime as
well compares arrival in Riyadh followed
a barrage of eight ballistic missiles
fired into Saudi territory by Houthi
fighters in Yemen the US and Saudi
Arabia say such missiles come from Iran
and we also think that Iran should be
dealt with by imposing further sanctions
for its violations of international laws
relating to ballistic missiles Iranian
missiles are a chief concern of Israel's
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu his
focus on the risk of there being fired
from Iranian bases in Syria and by
Hezbollah from Lebanon with his talk of
a u.s. pullout from the Iran deal and
new sanctions against Tehran pompiers
language was almost interchangeable with
Netanyahu's we remain deeply concerned
about Iran's dangerous escalation of
threats to Israel and the region and
Iran's ambition to dominate the Middle
East who remains the people thought that
Iran's aggression would be moderated as
a result of signing the deal the
opposite has happened and Iran is trying
to gobble up one country after the other
both men welcomed the u.s. embassy move
from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem scheduled
14th of May the day the Israeli state
was declared 70 years ago
Pompeyo maintained that final boundaries
within Jerusalem were up for negotiation
that the US was committed to a lasting
peace between Israel and the
Palestinians there was no mention though
of the recent demonstrations along the
Gaza border fence where Israeli snipers
have shot unarmed protesters killing
dozens and injuring hundreds Mike Pompeo
is a different proposition from his
predecessor Rex Tillerson who spent most
of his tenure as Secretary of State in a
state of at best semi detachment from
the White House Pompeyo is seen as very
close to President Trump in particular
on the issue of Iran and so that gives
his words extra weight even perhaps
especially when they mirror one of
Atilla son's frequent messages that
Saudi Arabia's blockade on Qatar should
end they also stressed to the Foreign
Minister that Gulf unity is necessary we
need to achieve it a report in The New
York Times said the message away from
the cameras was more direct enough is
enough stop the blockade by the time
Pompeo moved on to Jordan his chief aim
seemed established laying the groundwork
for tougher action against Iran clear
two of the obstacles the EU Russia and
China have all warned against scrapping
the nuclear deal the decision will be
Donald Trump's the deadline May the 12th
Harry Fawcett al Jazeera West Jerusalem
well the countdown is on to May 12th and
it appears even Trump's closest aides
don't know which way he'll go the US
National Security Advisor John Bolton
who's no fan of the Iran nuclear
agreement told Fox News on Sunday that
Trump has made no decision on the
nuclear deal whether to stay in or get
out
okay well let's bring in our guests now
and joining us here in Doha one call a
visiting professor at the Center for
Gulf Studies at Qatar University from
Tehran Mohamed Morandi head of the North
American Studies graduate program at the
University of Tehran and from Beirut via
Skype
Joseph coach Ian Middle East analyst and
senior fellow at the King Faisal Center
for Islamic studies a very warm welcome
to all of you
Mahad first of all let's get an idea of
Iran's reaction to this very clear
message that we're hearing from Pompeo
that iran destabilizes the region that
it's the main threat and needs to be
contained well I think the Iranians
would respond by saying that the Israeli
regime is subjugating the Palestinians
it is murdering people on the border but
of Gaza and the Saudis on the other hand
and the Israelis are constantly bombing
Syria against international law and the
Saudis they kidnap prime ministers they
invade countries like Yemen they invade
Bahrain and keep the dictator in power
they commit bring about us they brought
about a siege against Qatar and they've
spread extremism to Syria and Iraq and
of course the events he succeeded in
antagonizing Turkey so I don't think
that the Americans really are in much of
a position to talk about Iran's behavior
in this region Iran has helped Iran has
very good relations with Iraq which the
Americans brought to power and it's an
elected government and Iran has
prevented Isis and al Qaeda and their
affiliates those groups that the United
States and its allies allowed to enter
Syria Iran's helped to prevent them from
taking the country and it's the United
States as helping the Saudis to strangle
the Yemeni people so the Iranians really
don't think the Americans have much to
complain about okay one what do you
think about that do you think that some
something that the US some in the u.s.
at least might agree with I'm trying to
get to the bottom of why this
administration fears Iranian hegemony
so much well I don't think that Iran
bulks large in president Trump's own
imagination I think he wants to undo
virtually everything that Barack Obama
did and that his targeting of the 2015
nuclear cord is is actually somewhat
irrational and not connected to other
policy and then with regard to Syria
he's talked about getting US troops out
he's talked about letting Russia take
care of Syria basically giving it into
Russian hands as a sphere of influence
he must surely know that the Russian
aerospace forces and military forces in
Syria are closely allied with Iran and
Iranian allies so if you look at mr.
Trump's positions there's no clarity
there but the people around him
Secretary of Defense James Madison now a
new Secretary of State Mike Pompeo are
longtime Iran oh folks and so I see
somewhat of a division inside the
cabinet I mean if this is about more
though isn't it one of them getting rid
of the deal we'll get on to the deal
more a little later but it's just part
of this approach that this
administration is taking to the region I
mean it's trying to contain Iran's
influence wholesale well all American
governments have tried to contain Iran
since 1979 there's nothing very much new
about that but there are hawks and and
moderates within the within the
Washington establishment and Trump
really on Foreign Affairs has been on
more on the diffident or moderate side
himself but for some reason he has
brought Iran Hawks into his inner circle
and people like James Madison Pompeo
even don't agree with each other for
instance mattis
has made a press to keep the United
States involved in the Yemen war
according to the New York Times
according to State Department leaks
Pompeyo pressured the Saudis to bring
that war to a quick conclusion because
it's not succeeding
and it's a foreign relations and public
policy disaster Joseph does everyone
really need to be contained
well when usually where there is a smoke
there is also fire and Iran is a major
power in the region no one denies that
but since 1979 has a revolutionary
government that has made no secret about
wanting to export its revolution
throughout the Arab world and throughout
the Muslim world in fact if you just
listen to Iranian officials to speak
they are doing quite well
in terms of increasing their influence
throughout the Arab world several
Iranian officials have laid claim to the
fact that they now control for Arab
capitals and more down the line perhaps
that that they would like to liberate
Mecca and Medina from usurpers they are
sued presumably and that they more than
anyone else are entitled to spread the
good will of the Iranian Revolution as
they see it of course not everybody
agrees with this kind of interpretation
people do precede Iran to be a real
genuine threat not in terms of its
religion but in terms of its ideology
and in terms of its message throughout
the Arab and Muslim world and I think
the facts on the ground speak for
themselves beyond what the Americans or
the Russians or the British or just
about anybody else on the planet wants
to do or for them I think that the
reality is that today there is a schism
in the in the region between Iran on the
one hand and its proxies and the
conservative Arab gada
Gulf monarchies in which I will also
include Qatar notwithstanding the
temporary problem that exists right now
because ideologically there are very
profound differences between the two
sides
Marit I can see you smiling now I mean
while you may not agree with with
everything that Joseph says I mean there
is no doubts is there that Iran does
have it reaches very far throughout the
region into many countries Lebanon
Palestine Yemen Iraq
well first of all no Iranian leader has
said that Iran controls any capitals and
that is just a fabrication and I assume
that you're guessing Beirut doesn't
understand Persian otherwise he would
know better I would refrain from
listening to Al Arabia and Saudi
propaganda and look at the text
themselves before making or passing
judgment Iran does have a great deal of
influence but Germany has influence in
France Britain has influence in Germany
Iran's relationship with Iraq is with a
government that has been democratically
elected and ironically the Americans
themselves overthrew Saddam Hussein and
Lebanon to the Iranian allies in that
country they have seats in parliament
and they are members of the cabinet in
Yemen ironically Saudi Arabia did more
than anyone else to push the people of
Yemen and Iran closer to each other
before the Saudis initiated this
ridiculous and disgusting and disturbing
war against the people of Yemen there
was no strong relationship between Iran
and Yemen but now that's changed
dramatically and just a couple of days
ago when hundreds of thousands of people
in Yemen were participating in the
funeral of their leader and the Saudis
bombed the Iraqi right beside it and no
one moved and it shows how resilient the
people of Yemen are against Saudi Arabia
these people do not have if you look at
the footage of their battles they fight
in their slippers they do not they're
not well armed and the Saudis have
hundreds of billions of dollars of
weapons from the United States and the
French and the British and the Canadians
were all they all are guilty of war
crimes in Yemen alongside this not so
the problem is is that the Saudis they
sigh Ron I don't side with the key
weapons in Yemen as well to the Houthi
rebels it's incomparable to what the
other side does it's nothing if we
assume that it's exactly what the
Americans say even though I don't
believe they export missiles okay one
what's your opinion on
that the threat that Iran poses well the
the so-called threat of Iran in the
Middle East is vastly hyped I mean
talking about Iran dominating or
controlling these countries is frankly
bizarre Lebanon has a Saudi dual
national as its prime minister it has a
slight majority coalition on the cabinet
favoring Hezbollah and therefore maybe
Iran but that includes Christians who
are relied on that side in Syria the the
these secular socialist kind of semi
Stalinist Baath Party is in power
doesn't sound very much like ayatollahs
and Shiism and in in in Yemen their
rural Zaidi's who are only distantly
connected to the Shiism of Iran and they
have mounted an indigenous fighting
force which by the way is well-armed but
mainly with American weapons that were
given to it by the faction of the Yemeni
army from its Depot's that supported it
so the idea of Iran as dominating these
places is is bizarre it Iran has
alliances of convenience and it's it's
supporting as I said a secular regime in
Syria and the same way that Saudi Arabia
supports a secular regime in Egypt
despite both of these countries being
devoted to political Islam but the
Washington is school and and and Tel
Aviv of course and and now Riyadh are
going to be doing a lot of this kind of
propaganda it doesn't stand up to
analysis okay
so first let's move on then to teaching
if we just take it as propaganda that
doesn't stand up to analysis as one said
how does Saudi how does Israel how does
perhaps even the u.s. see Iran being
kept in better check what moves with
these countries like to see against her
Ron well I mean I know it's propaganda
it's bizarre everything that I say is
always propaganda and
and I'm and I have no capabilities to
analyze anything thanks very much but
Iran has received international backing
through this agreement that was signed
in 2015 that allows it to essentially
down the line within a matter of a
decade or so to acquire nuclear weapons
and the fact that they've been allowed
to enrich uranium is a major concession
this is a real threat to the region Iran
is a major power as I have said at the
beginning it is not a minor country that
can be dismissed it is not being
dismissed it is being taken very
seriously therefore its ideology is very
important and no other person than
Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini the founder
of the Iranian Revolution in 1979
essentially castigated the dice if you
would like and and a spoke against all
of the monarchies of the region has been
illegitimate this is not me this is
Ayatollah Khomeini saying that now of
course with the agreement that is in
place now all of the countries in the
region led by Saudi Arabia have got to
take measures into their own hands
because the agreement is a reality we
will wait and see whether President
Trump and his administration will
introduce changes away from baby I don't
know what's gonna happen on May 12 but
the agreement is there for the time
being in all the countries of the region
including Saudi Arabia must take it into
consideration and I am very confident in
saying that if Iran pursues its nuclear
program and its aggressive policies
throughout the region make no mistake
that Saudi Arabia will also embark down
the line to acquire its own nuclear
capabilities in the future right this is
not good
the region okay let me just ask you then
it is the region is the world at large
safer without any nuclear deal in Iran
no question about that I think that we
are seeing denuclearization being
adopted just about every way
where this situation arises including in
on the Korean Peninsula between North
and South there is a genuine effort to
denuclearize the Korean Peninsula a few
years ago we all recall that Libya and
South Africa gave up South Africa gave
up their nuclear weapons as well and
there are lots of other countries that
were contemplating acquiring nuclear
weapons but walked away from it there is
no need for Iran to have a nuclear
capability except except in one case
that is to protect the fragile
Revolution of 1979 that we are seeing is
creating all kinds of problems in the
country Iran sa is a huge society it's a
dynamic society right but it has its own
internal problems as well
so therefore the nuclear capability
helps the regime in Tehran to maintain
itself ok empower mohammad this deal
let's look at it a little bit more it's
it's under threat from the trump
administration is Tehran at all willing
to renegotiate any part of it no
definitely not the the Iranians have
they've made many sacrifices to get to
the deal many people in Iran were
opposed to the deal and they were now
many of them are telling the government
I told we told you so so the government
made many sacrifices and but both sides
but whether those who opposed or those
who supported the deal once the the
state the government decided to sign up
to the agreement they all agreed that
one that Iran since we've made a
commitment we will stick to it and Iran
has been abiding by the agreement from
day one in fact they the Iranians have
done more than what they were even
supposed to do in order to create a
better environment for them for
decreasing tensions and but on the other
hand the Americans even under Obama they
began violating the agreement especially
articles 26 to 29 from almost the
beginning not only they did they pass
the Iran sanctions Act which Kerry
promised foreign minister Zarif not to
do they promised they passed the visa
restrictions
and the Treasury not only did they add
individuals and companies of the
sanctions list but more importantly
behind closed doors they threatened
major banks insurance companies and
others not to do business with Iran and
under trumpet it got even worse
so many in Iran are saying that we're
not benefiting from the agreement and as
we speak I cannot send you a single
dollar to your bank account or your own
or pound and you cannot do the same
either so they're saying well if we exit
the agreement we don't lose too much and
right now the situation with Russia is
much better especially with the
relations with between the United States
and Russia the talk of trade war with
China all of these are pushing Iran okay
and Russia and China closer to each
other so Iran has options today that it
didn't have before but just in response
to what you guess in Beirut was saying
all that he said doesn't make sense when
you listen to what Pompeo just said when
he went to the Senate and he said to the
Foreign Relations Committee that before
the nuclear deal Iran was not actively
pursuing a nuclear weapon and he was
saying this to justify that if the
United States exit the agreement Iran is
not going to develop a nuclear weapon
because they weren't doing so beforehand
right so basically what Pompeo did
unwittingly is that he destroyed and
demolished 15 years of anti-iranian
propaganda because that's what the
Americans have been saying for 15 years
that Iran is trying to build a nuclear
weapon okay but here he says as the head
of the CIA that this wasn't the case
right given that Iran appears to have
these options these other alternatives
seems to be happy to walk away from the
deal isn't us really willing to risk it
just so that it can see Iran being
weakened in the region well I think what
everybody has to remember is that it's a
seven nation deal no it's the UN
Security Council plus Germany as a kind
of representative of the European Union
and so you could argue it's it's a 36
foundation deal if one nation the United
States pulls out that's it's not clear
that the deal can't survive and what the
deal did was to lift international
UN Security Council imposed sanctions on
Iran boycotts of its economy and did not
it did not lift the American sanctions
in toto as your guest in Tehran said but
that that was the reason for which the
Iranians made the deal they want French
and Russian and Chinese and Italian and
other investment and trade which they
can now have and there's no prospect of
that necessarily drying up because mr.
Trump in a fit of pique withdraws from
the agreement now the United States
Department of the Treasury can impose
sanctions on third parties on European
and Chinese and other firms who do
business with both the United States and
Iran if they feel that they're violating
US sanctions and so it is a stumbling
block but it wouldn't necessarily
destroy the deal okay Joseph just in a
minute we've got left in these shifting
geopolitics of this region what is the
extent that Saudi in Israel and now on
the same page not just Saudi Arabia in
Israel but Saudi Arabia and most of the
world in fact I think that
geopolitically speaking their region is
going through a dramatic transformation
you have now a very serious escalation
of the conflict with Iran Turkey and
Russia essentially reaching all kinds of
new agreements and a Saudi Arabia the
Gulf countries in general with Egypt
still a pivotal country in the Arab
world and in coordination with Israel in
coordination with the United States and
major powers on the other side and I
think that geo politically speaking what
we are seeing now is a dramatic
transformation a few people are willing
to really accept the status quo lots of
changes are taking place we should not
expect these changes to occur overnight
and the deal might survive I have I
don't know whether it will survive or
not but we will certainly be running out
in the
coming weeks and indeed months ahead
there unfortunately we do have to leave
it for today gentlemen thank you all
very much for joining us here on Inside
Story one call Mohammed morandi and
Joseph kitchen and thank you too for
watching you can see the program again
any time by visiting our website this
aljazeera.com and for further
discussions you go to our Facebook page
that's facebook.com for /aj Inside Story
you can also join the conversation on
Twitter a handless at AJ inside story
from me Laura Kyle and the whole team
here it's bye for now
you
