another evacuation deal another
surrender fighter is belonging to hae
Italia xem an armed group formerly known
as el Nostra front are leaving their
enclaves in southern Damascus they were
facing little choice they were under
siege and under fire their families are
accompanying them to the opposition
controlled north western province of
Idlib where hiya their leadership
is powerful but the armed group had to
make concessions such as agreeing to
release dozens of prisoners and allowing
thousands of Syrians from the besieged
loyalist towns of hua and kefraya
to leave to government controlled
territory pro-government forces have
long wanted to fully evacuate the
predominantly Shia towns because that
would deny the rebels the ability to
pressure Damascus by threatening to
target them it's another win for the
Syrian government and its allies it's
the force agreement of its kind in
recent weeks rebels have already
surrendered Eastern hooda which was
their main stronghold close to the
capital and the pocket of territory in
the column wound region north east of
Damascus and in a few days
rebel factions linked to the Free Syrian
Army are expected to hand over the
districts of Bal Bella Beit sahem and
yell de in southern Damascus in order to
stave off a military operation
that will leave a few districts in
southern Damascus still outside
government control ISIL is in control of
that pocket of territory it's almost
been two weeks since government forces
and their allies launched an all-out
assault to recapture the area ISIL
fighters have been putting up fierce
resistance pro-government forces have
made some gains but the battle is not
easy their heavy weapons are ineffective
in built-up areas the government however
is pushing ahead with its military
solution to the war focusing on
recapturing all the remaining areas
besieged by Bashar al Assad's forces the
northern countryside of Homs province is
among them the biggest town in the
opposition controlled area Rustin has
been coming under heavy fire the region
is strategically important for the
government it's close to the main road
connecting the government-controlled
cities of Homs and Hama rebel factions
have been offered an evacuation deal if
they refused reconciliation so far they
haven't given in that may change if the
military pressure continues XANA hodor
al jazeera Beirut
