hundreds of Central American migrants
and activists gathered at the u.s.
southern border they've been on the road
for over a month it was an emotional
moment for some for others a chance to
celebrate a few even climbed the border
wall stopping short of crossing into the
u.s. most of these people are from
Honduras Salvador and Guatemala they
were forced from their homes by violent
street gangs extreme poverty or other
forms of persecution volunteer legal
experts spent days interviewing them to
determine if their cases were strong
enough to qualify for political asylum
the rest were advised to stay behind
hundreds marched on the streets of
Tijuana to the u.s. border gate only to
be told at the last minute that most
would not be allowed to pass the truth
is we don't know anything we're all
adrift here we can't say anything
because we don't know what's going on we
have to wait and see what we're told
after the initial confusion only a small
group was allowed the rest roughly half
of them children were forced to wait
hemos Co parada en todo lo que hemos
perdido we have cooperated as much as we
can they knew we were coming they know
these people are waiting we know Donald
Trump has power over customs and border
protection these people deserve their
day in court those who are not allowed
to pass gathered with their families
preparing to spend the night in the open
for many arriving at the border gate was
supposed to mark the end of their time
in Mexico seems they will now have to
wait some more with no certainty over
what comes next
rapido al Jazeera Tijuana
