a jubilant crowd preparing to welcome
home the woman many called their mother
I'm as happy as a woman who just
delivered a baby because we missed our
mother Joyce Banda Joyce Banda is back
and is as free as any citizen of Malawi
many supporters had feared Malawi's
former president might never return for
years after leaving Malawi under a
corruption cloud Joyce Banda is back on
home soil I'm totally surprised that
many of you turned up and I'm truly
grateful that you came Banda was
Malawi's first female president and the
second woman to lead an African country
but that legacy has been overshadowed by
the biggest financial scandal in
Malawi's history widely known as cash
gate that came to light during her time
in power
politicians civil servants and
businesspeople all stand accused of
pilfering tens of millions of dollars of
government money through companies that
didn't actually provide services more
than 30 million was taken in just six
months
foreign donors pulled hundred and fifty
million dollars in aid devastating for a
country reliant on aid for around 40% of
its budget
it also hurt Bundys re-election bid she
lost the vote in 2014 and left Malawi
accused of abuse of office and money
laundering the warrant for her arrest is
still active speaking to Al Jazeera
Banda says she has no reason to be
afraid if she has done nothing wrong I
only became president in 2012 so what
happened before and after my office
Peter Mutharika took over as president
coming to power with a vow to clean up
the system and get the aid donors back
but on Friday thousands of Malawians
marched and protest an alleged
corruption and poor governance during
method occurs for years in office Bundys
return comes as Malawi prepares for
elections next year
local media are reporting a possible
deal between Musa Rica and Banda but
Banda would not be drawn on her plans
for now she says she simply wants to see
family and friends after four years away
Miriam nowand al-jazeera
