continue up this road along Gaza
seafront and you will reach the Israeli
controlled
eros crossing for the vast majority of
Palestinians that's as far as they can
go and we're told life in Gaza is the
worst it's ever been not only due to
Israel in Egypt's blockade but also
because of the seemingly never-ending
infighting between the Palestinian
factions Oh miss Sam and Mohamed are
parents to eight children and they are
desperate in the earth and I felt oh let
me go Dean I have three sons living at
home the oldest is 40 all have finished
university and have no work Gaza is
almost dead there is no income and so
there is no demand for anything the
government instead of paying salaries
for people to survive have cut the
salaries all because Fatah and Hamas
constantly disagree
last year the Palestinian Authority
which is based in the Ramallah cut the
salaries of its employees here in Gaza
by 30 percent this month salaries have
not been paid at all the lack of cash is
stifling an already suffocating economy
one of the first things you notice when
you enter Gaza is the division between
Fatah and Hamas that checkpoint belongs
to fatten just a few meters down the
road is another checkpoint and this one
belongs to Hamas the two groups are as
divided as ever and it's having a major
impact on the people here the
Palestinian internal division has gone
for about eleven years now and the
consequences of that is high levels of
poverty unemployment lack of electricity
lack of potable water closure of the
crossings between Gaza and the outside
world and lately the measures which have
been taken by President Mahmoud Abbas
about a year ago to reduce the salaries
of PA employees on Monday the
Palestinian National Council is due to
meet in Ramallah it's supposed to
represent all Palestinian factions and
its decisions are binding but many
groups such as Hamas Islamic Jihad and
the Popular Front for the Liberation of
Palestine are staying away more
bickering among the factions while life
here is becoming progressively worse so
many people we talked to say they are
fed up with all of them no no no they do
nothing for us I don't care about their
meetings so many meetings
all with no results all they care about
is their own power
even many of the children will tell you
there are no opportunities here they see
their parents struggle their elder
siblings complete their studies but find
no work they've never left Gaza and yet
still seem aware that something is
missing Stephanie Decker al-jazeera Gaza
