in the Middle East Mike Pompeo doubled
down on the theme that has dominated his
first international trip as Secretary of
State
Iran's threat to the region and the
world and the solidifying US threat to
pull out of the Iran nuclear deal Iran
destabilizes this entire region that
supports proxy militias and terrorist
groups in arms it is an arms dealer to
the Houthi rebels in Yemen and Iran
conducts cyber hacking campaigns that it
supports the murderous Assad regime as
well compares arrival in Riyadh followed
a barrage of eight ballistic missiles
fired into Saudi territory by Houthi
fighters in Yemen
the US and Saudi Arabia say such
missiles come from Iran
we also think that Iran should be dealt
with by imposing further sanctions for
its violations of international laws
relating to ballistic missiles Iranian
missiles are a chief concern of Israel's
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu his
focus on the risk of there being fired
from Iranian bases in Syria and by
Hezbollah from Lebanon with his talk of
the u.s. pullout from the Iran deal and
new sanctions against Tehran pompiers
language was almost interchangeable with
Netanyahu's we remain deeply concerned
about Iran's dangerous escalation of
threats to Israel and the region and
Iran's ambition to dominate the Middle
East remains if people thought that
Iran's aggression would be moderated as
a result of signing the deal the
opposite has happened and Iran is trying
to gobble up one country after the other
both men welcomed the u.s. embassy move
from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem scheduled for
the 14th of May the day the Israeli
State was declared 70 years ago
Pompeyo maintained that final boundaries
within Jerusalem were up for negotiation
that the u.s. was committed to a lasting
peace between Israel and the
Palestinians there was no mention though
of the recent demonstrations along the
Gaza border fence where Israeli snipers
have shot unarmed protesters killing
dozens and injuring hundreds Mike Pompeo
is a different proposition from his
predecessor Rex Tillerson who spent most
of his tenure as Secretary of State in a
state of at-best semi detachment from
the White House
Pompeyo is seen as very close to
President Trump in particular on the
issue of Iran and so that gives his
words
extra
even perhaps especially when they mirror
one of tillis ins frequent messages that
Saudi Arabia's blockade on Qatar should
end i also stress to the Foreign
Minister the Gulf unity is necessary we
need to achieve it
a report in The New York Times said the
message away from the cameras was more
direct enough is enough stop the
blockade by the time Pompeo moved on to
Jordan his chief aim seemed established
laying the groundwork for tougher action
against Iran clear two of the obstacles
the EU Russia and China have all warned
against scrapping the nuclear deal the
decision will be Donald Trump's the
deadline May the 12th
Harry Fawcett al Jazeera West Jerusalem
