hi I'm family okay today
why are looted Ethiopian treasures from
the 19th century still in the UK i'm
malik oopadad
a new exhibition in London showcases
plundered artifacts from the Abyssinian
empire casting a spotlight once again on
the debate over whether the spoils of
war should be returned to their home
countries so right now you are in the
stream we are live on al-jazeera and
YouTube so leave your comments in the
chat box I'm Luke and I will do our best
to get them into the show if your peers
government is calling for the return of
cultural artifacts plundered 150 years
ago by the British Army the relics
some of which are currently on display
at London's Victoria and Albert Museum
was stolen in 1868 after the Battle of
McDonough
that's when British troops raided the
fortress of Abyssinian Emperor player
Ross the second to release a group of
imprisoned missionaries if he Opia has
previously requested that several
British institutions give back hundreds
of manuscripts and artifacts and that
the remains of the Emperor's a young son
Prince away my you who was kidnapped
during the same raid and taken to
Britain be returned
vn a museum director Tristram hunt has
proposed lending items in the museum's
collection to Ethiopian institutions as
part of a long-term loan partnership but
a man Muhammad who pitched today's show
suggested this idea instead take a look
this is centrally as having to issue
looted treasures must be returned to
Ethiopia but beyond sentiment Alex we
need to make this arrangement more
practical and sustainable so why not
support it again the design and
management of museums and tourist
attractions why not extend technical
support and research collaborations and
why not share the profits of such
ventures and from one stop balance toys
and the places where battles were
actually thought why not bring Queen
Victoria's crown to Ethiopia for display
as motor little pens can afford to
travel to the UK so should looted
historical artifacts remain in Britain's
museums or should they be
created to Ethiopia joining us now to
discuss this we have mother mingotts de
she is a Fulbright Scholar and the
author of the novel beneath the Lions
gaze she joins us from New York
also in New York Maxwell Anderson an
author and the former director of the
Dallas Museum of Art and in
newcastle-under-lyme in the United
Kingdom we have our allo and he is an
associate professor of law at Keele
University hello everybody it's great to
have you here in the stream so I want to
start with our community because we put
this question to them and this is what
we asked do you think artifacts
plundered from Ethiopia by the British
Army 150 years ago should be returned
and this it's pretty reminiscent of a
lot of the comments we got Stanley here
says this isn't a question to debate I
mean the answer is obvious however it
may not be as obvious to this person who
also tweeted in Paul said it should only
be returned to Ethiopia once they can
guarantee that the artifacts won't be
sold to art lovers around the world and
currently I think they're safer in
British hands oh well you can see the
debate has started online right there
which side of it do you fall on mm I
think the the ethical of responsibility
is a moral responsibility to safeguard
these treasures and cultural artifacts
that belong to particular countries that
are treasures they are also Universal in
terms of their values and valued by
peoples and societies around the world
so the responsibility to safeguard them
is collected and in some cases if the
rightful owners of these cultural
properties for several reasons are
incapable of providing the kind of
security and preservation that these
items require then those who have the
resources and technical know-how can
always support them so this is really
not as the first tweet noted this is not
an issue for for debate and of course
these properties has to be sent back to
their rightful owners to their moral
owners but in terms of debates around
preservation and their their integrity
the nation's other people around the
world can actually support them and a
lot of the Geneva a lot of the UNESCO
conventions that regulate issues around
how these artifacts properties should be
protected provide specifically for
international cooperation and assistance
both technical and financial c-max the
reason this story blew up was because
this various British Museum said we are
going to loan your artifacts back to you
as a long-term loan that caused the
Ferrari where you make of that right
well I think the fact with British
Museum's is that would require an act of
Parliament to allow them to the
accession so-called or to turn these
works back to Ethiopia which is not an
impossibility but it requires a public
sort of maelstrom of interest within
Britain to get members of parliament to
say it's time it's time to take this
wrong from 1868 and write it and I don't
know how that would play out within
Britain but that's just a legal
construct it's not no one would debate
from my point of view with a moral
argument that these works were arrested
illegally from Abyssinia at the time
today modern Ethiopia does this look
like a moral argument though to you max
we talked to the British musingly sent
us a statement it was a long statement
tube it stood out for us here's the
first part in terms of loans the
trustees of the British Museum have
always been clear that they will
consider subject to the user
considerations of condition and fitness
to travel any loan requests for any part
of the collection the museum lends many
thousands of objects all over the world
each year so course please ask where
think about it we may we'll send it to
you if you've got the right conditions
that's not going into the nitty-gritty
of the law that's just them saying this
stuff is our stuff and we're loan it to
you after we've had a think about it yes
and to be fair to the British Museum
they've been extremely generous in
making loans around the world to
institutions of various sizes and
various places but the issue at hand
here is not
alone it is a claim it is an absolute
claim by the government of Ethiopia
which is saying alone is not sufficient
that doesn't recognize our title yes
well I think the the idea that the V&A
museum will loan Ethiopia back the items
that were stolen from Ethiopia that
Ethiopia can be a borrower of its own
items that were taken unlawfully is a
slap in the face to Ethiopians and to
the Ethiopian government I understand
that there are difficulties and
Parliament may need to get involved you
know there are the legalities and the
complications that surround this but the
I think the fact remains that this is as
as Max said rightfully that there's a
moral obligation here but I'd also like
to point out that there were three
instances where some of the looted items
were returned to Ethiopia and the first
was to Emperor Johannes who succeeded
tod rose after tiaras committed suicide
and then there were two other instances
where i believe it was in 1924 in 1965
where items were returned to emperor
haile selassie so this can happen it has
happened before and I also think that if
Italy and this is something that I well
said on Twitter today or yesterday if if
Italy can return the obelisk that they
stole out of auxin in 1937 after 68
years and if they can return it with all
the logistical difficulties a few items
from the V&A museum I mean there are
other things but we're talking about
this right now I don't think it's an
impossibility it has happened before
so you mentioned this can happen Mozza
and I want to bring up two tweets from
our King
members who are talking about how it
could happen
this is Rosabelle who first takes on the
issue of the loan she says before they
could get hands on those artifacts lives
were taken they are a living memory that
this violence and plunder happened to us
that they still ask for countries to
take them back on loan as a reminder
that they don't fully appreciate the
terror of their forefathers and mothers
another person weighs in this is Samson
and yeah he does a little edit of a
headline this sums it up properly he
says so he tweeted this to us
looted Ethiopian treasures in the UK
should be returned on loan he changes it
to instead of could should be and they
should be returned with interest halt I
want to bring this to you because
several people have brought up money
compensation that they should be given
back along with some of the funds that
these countries don't have that they
could have had if they were in their
country to begin with yes I think I want
to go back to the point earlier raised
in relation to you know major
Parliament's needs to take in order for
this cultural property to be repatriated
to Ethiopia
now Ethiopia is a sovereign state in
terms of this dealing with the UK it
deals with this as a sovereign state so
what the UK government does in terms of
changing its own station has no bearing
whatsoever on it Europeans claim right
so the relations between European and
the UK is governed according to
international law your case own internal
legislation has no bearing on that claim
but in international law as well there
is an obligation on the part of the UK
to recognize the rights that the
Ethiopian the European people have over
this cultural property there was a
similar case in 1960s brought to the
International Court of Justice which is
the principle judicial organ of the
United Nation to the case brought by
Cambodia Thailand and and and the
underlying principle in that case was
really important for the case at hand
here and the court said that there is an
obligation to restore removed cultural
property to the state form whose
territory
it originated and the court said this is
a principle implicit in the sovereign
power in the sovereign authority of the
state so in terms of kind of legal
difficulties I don't think there is an
insurmountable Magel or more I actually
want to pose to Matt Matt you have been
a director of a museum I'm really
curious beyond this legal framework that
may well be impacting definitely is
impacting what British museums can do in
terms of restitution take giving art
back what about the idea of maybe just
feeling embarrassed and awkward about
the situation that you're you're in
charge of all of these stolen goods
basically his Tristan Hunt and he is the
director of the Victorian Albert Museum
he wrote a blog he wrote a blog about
the Magdalene 1868 exhibition I'm just
going to scoot down here because he
describes some of these objects they are
stunning pieces with a complex history
that phrase a complex history that feels
like a euphemism right there max the the
idea about as a museum director when you
are being asked to give items back what
are you thinking so before answering
that I would just second what I will
said in respect to the government of
Ethiopia and the government of the
United Kingdom I think the only point is
that the Victorian Albert Museum by
itself needs the government of UK to
force its hand as it were if that's
going to happen and not suggesting that
it's not utterly within the realm of
likelihood that two nations should sort
this out between themselves I think that
a question you ask about personal
obligation is a critical one when I was
director of the Dallas Museum of Art I
restituted an antiquity to the Republic
of Turkey when an evidence was presented
to me that it was looted and looted in
recent times in the late 1990s and the
same with the Republic of Italy I
actually approached the Republic of
Italy to confirm that these works were
looted
the same with the Turkish authorities I
didn't wait to be approached
so I'm accustomed to understanding that
the challenges that befall a director
and I think the the challenge in this
instance is that Great Britain has not
been as let's say forthcoming as as
certainly the parties on this in this
conversation or or in advocating but I
would suspect that we're seeing a change
in attitude in popular attitude which
will inevitably have an effect on museum
policy and on the opinion of the British
people bring up a concept that a few
people in our community are raising this
is mommo and twitter who says these
things should stay in London it's safer
in London than artists are anywhere in
Ethiopia now we got our response a bit
of a formal response via a video comment
from the embassy the embassy in the UK
and this is Somoza he says if he'll be
as capable of preserving and and and
displaying some people online say
they're not so sure well I think that
the that the idea that Ethiopia or other
nations that are maybe not from the West
are not as capable of taking care of
their own historical active artifacts
and treasures is really a condescending
patronizing and racist form of thinking
that should be we should have moved
further than this by now but I would
just like to point out that in Ethiopia
we have the bones of Lucy which is one
of the many many many treasures that are
still in the country
and still kept safely Ethiopia is
all of this and can take care of these
items and I do think that there's an
opportunity for the V&A museum to also
work in collaboration with Ethiopia in
making sure that Ethiopia has the most
technologically advanced mechanisms for
safekeeping and and preserving some of
some of these artifacts but it's already
happening there it's not the DTO P&O
about failing but I think if there's
room for improvement but it's not I
completely disagree with a capable yeah
go ahead on can I just meet him yes and
I fully agree with with mother's point
that this is extremely condescending
they simply reproduces the colonial
narrative that you know societies in the
global South are not capable of
providing protection for these precious
treasures that are so succulent in their
culture and some of some of these
artifacts by the way have some very
strong religious significance and a
cultural significance for the European
people so the idea that they cannot
provide protection it's just downright
condescending and I think the most
important point here is is the question
of who actually owns these properties
and I think the the argument about
providing protection in a very secondary
question is an auxilary question so
instead of focusing on the secondary
question of whether we'll be able to
provide protection or not the first
question that we need to determine is
who owns these properties if we own them
if you'll be alone it could be really
perfect cube and then yes I agree with
you I was good forgive me for
interrupting I was going to say it's
it's almost irrelevant because the fact
of the matter is that the possessor and
owner of something has the right to
treat it as they choose to we're all
confident that the Ethiopian authorities
would apply a great deal of effort to
safeguarding ensuring that these works
were protected that they were in a
climate-controlled environment to the
extent possible
they were made available for public
viewing and appreciation and learning
there is an example that some would cite
which is that the Republic of Turkey had
a successful lawsuit against the
Metropolitan Museum of Art they brought
back over 160 treasures that had been
looted from Turkey they went to a museum
and regional Museum in Turkey and
several of them were subsequently stolen
from that Museum
now this is an exception it's like a red
herring that's brought up but I think
that there will be voices that say you
can can't always count on a source
country to have the resources and
frankly the ability to battle corruption
that can make difficulties down the road
but it's irrelevant the core the core
point and that you make is the correct
one who owns it is where you start what
happens to it downstream I think is a
fantastic idea that the V&A could be
helpful as a collegial institution to
enhancing the security and climate
control and protection of other works if
they aware was turned discussing these
artifacts we've been looking at various
videos of these artifacts on show
Tristram hunt again is the director of
the Victoria & Albert Museum and he was
thinking about how do I get out of this
situation what is the way forward this
is what he told us earlier this month
have a look but as we look to the future
I think what we're interested in our
partnerships around conservation
interpretation heritage management and
these need to be supported by government
assistance so that institutions like the
V&A can support sister institutions in
Ethiopia so you may remember that I
showed you that blog post at Tristram
hunt wrote explaining about the
McDonough exhibit and underneath the
blog post a lot of conversation going on
here is ray and this ray is channeling
what I'm thinking I'm just a mere
civilian so I'm thinking what Ray's
thinking I think the Ethiopians should
accept the offer of a long term loan
then forget to give them back
possession is nine-tenths of the law it
doesn't matter how you get them back it
just matters that you do with the VNA
really go to court to try and get them
back once they were in Ethiopia with all
the negative publicity that that would
ensure I
max I am thinking this I am thinking
this every time there is a debate about
we're going to give you this exhibition
you can have it on loan it belongs to
that country why wouldn't they just
steal back their own stuff tell us why
that is probably I would hope that most
of your viewers are concerned about the
rule of law well I think this sovereign
nation possessed the point we're talking
about two sovereign nations that should
through a mutual understanding come to a
result that everyone supports rather
than having an epoch which could be seen
as an end run after all the last thing
we'd want to see is that works of art
are no longer in circulation because no
one trusts anyone I think when I was
thinking about this plan about stealing
back out art or art that belongs to you
really looking after him looking after
it you know honestly I honestly I think
if the Ethiopian authorities were
willing to accede in the short term -
alone that could go to a December can be
shown there that could be part of what
changes attitudinally the British
people's understanding about the
preparedness of the people and whether
or not that will actually happen is
debatable I want to read this comment we
got on YouTube live Keisha says if
Britain begins to return Ethiopian
treasures then people would start going
through the whole stash of the British
Empire's treasures and jewels they are
afraid they might have little to nothing
left someone else raises this point I
wanted to bring on this is via Twitter
Jonathan says additionally greater
amount of people can see them in the UK
rather than going to Ethiopia and that
is the idea that some have raised of
cosmopolitanism that being able to go to
Europe to see these artifacts does them
more good Rob here disagrees with that
he says tell me how many Ethiopians were
allowed to travel to the xenophobic UK
to view the cultural treasures that were
looted from the Maas I know you want to
get in here but you can see the Sudan
where it's headed what do you make about
well I I absolutely I mean this idea of
maintaining a museums cosmopolitanism as
a reason as one of the reasons not to
not to give back looted items is i think
it's it's a fallacy the I mean I think
that the you're the the person who
tweeted was absolutely right thinking
about how difficult it is for Ethiopians
to get to Europe sometimes to apply for
a visa to pay for the cost than to
travel and then to see their own items
their own items that was stolen I find I
find that idea absolutely repugnant and
the idea that a museum claims that it
needs some kind of cosmopolitanism maybe
lets you know how much those museums
need these items and they understand
very well there is no that they they
don't intend to give it back because
they intend to keep the maintain the the
value of their museum for other people
but I do think that what Kristen yeah
hold on let me finish I do think that
what Tristan has said about maintaining
or developing some kind of a
collaboration or partnership is the
right way but I think that it should go
the other way that it's up to Ethiopia
to decide who to loan right those items
to and for how long
oh I hope you won't mind me getting you
to stand out for a moment cuz I really
want to hear from Ephraim Amari and he's
the director of the National Museum of
Ethiopia what he has to say really
important let's have a listen I mean if
I'm not gonna have a little early we
have a lot of written documents which
that show they carried out a planned and
organized alluding in McCullough we also
know that these treasures are in the
British Museum it is clearly known from
where these treasures came and to whom
they belong our main question has never
been to have them on he Theo Pia's
position has always been the restoration
of those illegally occluded treasures
not to borrow a grotto and MLS who
illustrates reduces our equity Ranji it
doesn't sound like there's much room for
negotiation there
director of the National Museums of
Ethiopia Mallika what will to leave us
with Edna says as an Ethiopian every
time this issue is raised it pains me
but it's important to keep this
conversation alive and bring awareness
to this injustice we will continue our
conversation but online with maza and
Maxo an hour thank you so much being
part of our program today we will see
you at hashtag AJ stream see you next
time thanks for watching
