that's why we brought the numbers if
they are key balaclava
yeah yeah ah yes I am
kentuckyana to BCC father Cole dunya is
an evolutionary over it
fidelity hurry
our handle ahsoka reality the Manila not
in a mission a guerrilla fighting
disagree
what refugees Leonora Mustafa beau
Sirach Ahmed's
a Muhammed Jabbar say they have seen on
the ground are acts of rape torture
massacres of their own people at the
hands of the Miam are security forces
stories that journalists from Myanmar
tend to shy away from for the hundreds
of thousands of refugees across the
border in Bangladesh for him division TV
or our vision provides news from a
rohesia
perspective we started to get news
actual facts and figure from the ground
and I started to broadcast so the
ultimate goal was to tell the truth to
tell the RO hanga side of the story and
to advocate rouhani applied because
rohan gay is underreported rouhani is
misreported they're reporting the mass
rapes have occurred that there has been
effectively a scorched earth campaign
against the reinjure where i got a call
for ID our monitor colory jan what the
robbery body that's you know women
children have been executed along with
men range of vision TV helped to sort of
counter this idea that it is just the
targeted operation to weed out range of
militants but they're of course branded
as brazen propaganda and they've been
targeted with relentless attempts to
discredit them we saw at the start of
the crisis in August where hinge a
vision TV and very accurately reporting
what was going on the number of people
that were fleeing the scale of the
violence and that information wasn't
used by international media at all
because there's been such a fuss made by
the government of Burma about the
reliability of our hinges sources and
that's a loss because they are getting
information out on the ground in Rakhine
State
and that significant Mia Mars government
has blocked all access to the region
turning her kind into a black hole for
the news without access international
journalists have come to rely solely on
refugees accounts while much of the
Myanmar media run with the government's
version of events but row hinge I
visioned
still has eyes on the ground according
to its founder Muhammed North the
channel has a network of 60 Undercovers
citizen journalists working around the
clock and a great risk to feed
information from rakaia or Eric honest
it's known in the Rohini language to
their colleagues in Malaysia
broadcasting in four languages including
Roja an English our vision operates
primarily online through its YouTube
channel and Facebook page the network
has become a primary source of news for
the revenger community its pages
typically get more than a hundred
thousand views per day
our vision is very unique and it is the
world first of its its kind
international media's are not allowed
here so they cannot do their job so now
we have to take over the job we are the
news breaker or Farah Khan because we
convert a citizen into citizen
journalists existing people into
journalists training them and getting
the information out with whatever
possible equipment they have it's very
dangerous for for the people on the
ground that are doing this the
government wants to shut this down they
want to stop information getting out and
so anyone who's found to be involved
with oranga vision TV you would be in
danger of being jailed or disappeared
they'll go after the people that are
interviewed they'll go after the fixer
as well as going after the journalists
who are doing the reporting those
tactics aren't just applied to their
hinge at journalists operating in
Rakhine ever since the start of the
military crackdown eight months ago the
government of Aung San su Chi has
embarked on a far-reaching campaign to
silence reporters
both local and foreign intimidation
harassment and the weight of the law
have been used on journalists who cast
the government or military in a bad
light case in points four months ago two
Reuters reporters were arrested and
charged under the Official Secrets Act a
law that dates back to the colonial era
for allegedly having illegally acquired
information with the intention to share
it with foreign media they face up to 14
years in prison with those documents
which supposedly contain information
about mass graves they were kind were in
fact handed to them by the Myanmar
police just minutes before they were
arrested a police captain's testimony
that the reporters were indeed framed is
currently under review but regardless
the circumstances of the arrest have
left critics suspicious over what
happened I think that certainly is
reason to believe that it was part of
the government set up the way it went
down with the journalists arrested as
soon as they left the restaurant the
very shaky testimony given by police in
courts those two reporters are very well
respected they're very dogged why alone
and jostle and you know the Reuters
teams and the AP teams in the country
and known to be very courageous in their
reporting on this issue the government
and the military and the police would
want to silence them the two reporters
were trying to expose something that the
military were you know wanted to hide
what the Jew journalist did is the main
reason that the government had detained
them they still use you know a number of
laws to detain journalists and these
laws are very useful for the government
when Myanmar began the transition from
military to civilian rule back in 2011
there was hope space would open up for
more independent reporting that hope has
since been shattered under Ansan sushis
rule reporting critical of the
authorities has all but disappeared
ashle on issues relating to recline and
it's not just due to government
intimidation or self-censorship when it
comes to the rural India most media
outlets in Myanmar simply agree with the
government line the vast majority of
journalists Burmese journalists inside
the country appear to share the
government in the military's antagonism
towards the revenger magazines when
newspapers like the state-run United
Myanmar which publishes very unsettling
antagonistic editorials and articles
that are lewd to the reinjure as for
example human fleas so regardless of
whether you know there is space or there
isn't space there's a real lack of will
in reporting critically on the military
I think the local media trying not to
sort of finger their audience their
readers so they try to sort of tread a
very careful line trying to balance do
their work as well as not to sort of
make the the readership unhappy because
I think they understand that the
majority of the people don't like they
they did this row hinge a people the
government of Burma is trying to say
look what can we do we can't take action
on the Ranger citizenship because the
Ranger is so so hated within the country
but the government has used its media
channels in newspapers and radio
stations and television to encourage and
whip up that fear and hatred of Muslims
so they create this crisis and then they
use it as a defense for not being able
to act on it it's a tactic that they're
using
it's a tactic that is proving all too
effective which makes outlets like we're
in division TV a rare source of the new
still operating behind the authorities
veil of secrecy all the more important
when trying to understand all sides of a
story that the United Nations cause a
textbook case of ethnic cleansing
you
