of all the art in the new Palestine
Museum us these paintings by Samia
hollaby hold a special place for its
founder one of the best-known
Palestinian artists in the world she
lives in the United States she was the
first to donate works for display and
get behind the first and only
institution in the entire United States
dedicated to the art and culture of the
Palestinian people
since then Palestinians from around the
world have gotten behind it for years
the Palestinians watched as the as the
media had demonized Palestinians and and
cast them in a very negative light who
through the museum in the United States
we hope to change the discourse from the
political arena to the artistic arena
the museum has more than 70 paintings
ranging in styles from realistic to
abstract as well as photographs while
the focus is art in culture many artists
bring the political realities of life
under occupation to their work like this
installation called a time to cast
stones highlights and stresses that is
the asymmetrical nature of the conflict
Palestinian children throw rocks at
Israeli soldiers Israeli soldiers shoot
live bullets at them many American
museums refuse to show this exhibit
which features the work of Palestinian
children and their impressions of
Israel's attack on Gaza in 2014 you can
see that the images are very graphic and
do not portray the Israeli military in a
positive life
the mood at the grand opening was one of
celebration and defiance the us-based
Halla being was just one of the artists
to attend and we are determined as a
Palestinian people to move forward in
all fields and I believe that this
museum is an example of that
accomplishment and we will move in all
in individual arts even if we have to
create our own museums in exile the hope
is to attract more investors and
eventually move the museum from its
suburban home to a major city christened
salumi al jazeera Woodbridge Connecticut
