taking virtual reality a step further
this is the Tribeca cinema 360 a 20 seat
virtual reality theater all the films
start at a designated time just like a
regular movie but that is where the
similarities to a regular theater-going
experience ends the films are viewed in
360 degrees sam is deep in the woods
what is seen and heard is all through a
headset with noise cancelling earphones
what makes us virtual reality so much
different is we're all in the same room
here together all watching the same
films through these goggles and we just
swivel in our chair and see us 360
degree view of the movie 360 used to be
considered a novelty gimmick but it's
quickly expanding this is the first year
the Tribeca Film Festival has curated it
as a standalone experience cool what the
what the storytellers are doing to
really use this tool of 360 it's
traditionally live-action although
there's a lot of great animation in 360
as well I think that people that say
that it's a gimmick they think of it
that it's going to be a 3d or something
like that it is not it's his own medium
so I think once you have an opportunity
to experience it and experience the best
of it and you understand that this is a
new tool and a new grammar that's being
developed for entertainment it's all
part of Tribeca
virtual arcade in its second year it's
where people can experience what's
called immersive storytelling through
virtual and augmented reality there are
26 interactive exhibits of rooms scaled
virtual reality filmmaking every Film
Festival is trying to evolve to meet the
needs of how the medium is changing
right everybody's watching TV not just
movies they're using virtual reality all
this stuff is happening and if you're a
festival that's showcasing the nature of
an art form you want to be on the
cutting edge increasingly the film
viewing experience we
elected all around us 360 degrees
Gabe Rose Ando Jazeera New York
