Jumana shaadi was born a refugee 30
years later she became a refugee again a
Palestinian from Syria Jumana came to
Lebanon with her family to escape the
war in neighbouring Syria it's been hard
she needs a kidney operation her son's
need medical care as well but the little
money she earns as a cleaner is used for
food and rent the jimana receives cash
assistance from the United Nations
Relief and Works Agency UNRWA but the
organization is warning that it is
running out of money I am sick but I
have to work I clean garbage on the
streets and people's homes my husband
finds occasional jobs
UNRWA gives us around $240 a month but
it can't pay the $4,500 I need for my
kidney operation honor what can only
give me $1,500 the arrival of more than
30,000 Palestinians from Syria in recent
years has added strain to the UN agency
it already provides services like health
care education to almost 200,000
Palestinians living here the u.s.
decision to cut back funding has made
the agency's financial situation worse
it's appealing for more money to be able
to continue helping refugees in Syria
and those in neighboring countries there
were almost half a million Palestinians
in Syria at least 120,000 of the pre-war
population have since fled to Jordan
Lebanon Turkey Europe and elsewhere
nearly 60 percent have been internally
displaced by the war before the war 7
percent of Syria's Palestinians were
dependent on owner WA for assistance
they were able to work and had access to
government services unlike their
brethren in Lebanon now owner wass says
95 percent of those still living in
Syria are entirely dependent on the
services it provides Ahmed Ayub says he
had a good life back home now he is
among those the UN calls the extremely
vulnerable
Ahmed says the cash assistance he
receives has been halved owner way used
to give us $400 a month it's no longer
the case
the organization's situation has
worsened so now all we think about is
feeding
children as many things we can't buy for
our children and they're not just
deprived his eldest son 14 year old
Abdul Gani is forced to work
he earned seven dollars a day owner wot
is warning that without additional funds
it will stop cash assistance to refugees
this will only put more pressure on
Abdullah Hani who at such a young age is
the breadwinner of the family said
another al Jazeera Beirut
