in the line of fire of Israeli snipers
Palestinian journalists come under
attack on the front lines of the Gaza
protests two journalists have been
killed in at least 12 injured in the
last five weeks so are they being
targeted this is inside story
hello there and welcome to the program
I'm Laura Kyle thousands of journalists
around the world are on the front lines
of important stories often risking a lot
to bring us the facts whilst trying hard
not to become part of the story
themselves but some Palestinian
journalists are accusing Israel of
deliberately targeting them as they
cover the ongoing protests at the Gaza
border in just five short weeks two
Palestinian journalists have been killed
by Israeli snipers and at least 12
others injured Israel denies its
targeting reporters but it's facing
international criticism for using
heavy-handed tactics people in Gaza have
been under Israeli blockade for years
and many are unemployed and the
weeks-long protests along the Israeli
security fence appear to be escalating
since they began nearly a month ago well
speak to our guests in just a moment but
first Stephanie Decker reports on the
challenges facing Palestinian
journalists we are in one of Gaza city's
main hospitals and this is where a lot
of the injured from these weekly Friday
protests are being taken and the
hospitals are struggling to cope because
of the blockade that Israel and Egypt
maintain on the Gaza Strip but issues
with importing medical supplies medical
equipment that are needed to treat the
people on one of the patients here is 22
year old a black man koloth now he is a
journalist and there's video showing
what happened to him the aftermath this
Friday showing the medics removing him
taking him away from where he was
injured by Israeli sniper firing and
what is interesting is the amount of
journalists of Palestinian journalists
that have seemingly been targeted by
Israeli snipers over the last couple of
weeks I was taking pictures near the
border suddenly a sniper shot at me
directly I tried to run and he shot
another time and I fell down and my
camera broke
I thought by wearing the flak jacket and
the helmet it would protect me because
wherever you go
wearing a press badge should offer you
protection but they shot at us
deliberately so two Palestinian
journalists had been killed and 12
injured by live fire aside of that
there's the challenges of treatment as
we mentioned the hospitals are
struggling to cope so a man still
doesn't know when he's going to get so
final treatment because of these kinds
of challenges now we've had a report
saying that the hospitals are dealing
with more injuries than they had to deal
with during the 2014 Gaza war Israel's
war on Gaza and that is an enormous
amount of people okay let's bring in our
guests now and joining us from Gaza Sami
Abu Salim a journalist who is a member
of the Palestinian journalists syndicate
in Tel Aviv
Asaf Rennell head of the foreign news
desk of the her etsy newspaper and in
Liverpool in the UK Elizabeth which'll
from the Committee to Protect
Journalists a very warm welcome to all
of you sunny
let me start with you because you've
been covering some of these protests
along the Israeli security fence why are
journalists there being killed and
injured they have been killed and
injured because they are the messenger
of the truth I think because Israel
thinks that truth is its enemy and who
who carries the truth that journalist
that's why the Israelis shooting or
targeting the journalists by murdering
them or wounding them especially this or
these events and nowadays near the
border near the fence our peaceful march
I mean and their Israeli propaganda most
of the time they are talking about
Palestinian are people Palestinian
militia Palestinian rockets Palestinian
gunshots but this time it is peaceful it
is public public act no gunshots no
shooting no rockets nothing that's why
maybe Israel is cornered by the by the
Palestinian civilians and who reveals
the truth from the ground who reveals
that Israel is committing crimes near
the border just the journalists that's
why they are targeting journalists they
are made sorry okay sorry it just wants
to intro that because I want to just be
clear here that these journalists are
clearly marked as journalists I mean
they're wearing vests that are marked as
press in some cases perhaps they've even
got helmets maybe perhaps me in
national journalists cases are they also
staying back from the fence I mean are
they engaging in any provocative moves
themselves I think they have achieved
something by those I use by the way yeah
achieved something important for example
I myself I used to cover events from
near the border but last Friday I did
not because I am scared I'm scared to
cover to cover because I am sure I'm
convinced that the Israeli snipers are
targeting targeting journalists I am I
am scared to to be killed
I'm scared to lose one of my limb limps
actually maybe it 21:21 civilians have
lost their lower lower limbs because of
the Israeli strange gunshots according
to medics the Israeli snipers use
explosive gunshots and very strange even
so-called gas I mean gas canister it is
called gas canister but what is that I I
was afraid I am afraid to to suffer it
suffocation maybe to die for example
this is an example of what is called gas
canisters by the Israelis but it is I
cannot describe it what is it but I can
say that it is something strange and you
see this canister nothing written on it
nothing what is the source is it from UK
from a America from Russia
nothing nothing written even the English
Channel is not clear number of
journalists were work were injured
through that gas canister on Friday
weren't they is that because they were
being dropped from drones according to
what I have seen it has been shot by
drones or by Israeli military jeeps
that's why they are these these canister
are being shot very strongly and
yesterday this canister hit a boy in the
face and open a big hole in his face
nothing written on it so if there is an
examination or n/a for example anyway an
International Committee for
investigation they will found nothing
and maybe that is really
no no it is not us because nothing no
proof you see I think this this this
means that to to hide some crimes when
you were covering these protests is
there anything on you to mark you as a
journalist yeah yeah actually when I go
there I have a helmet a flak jacket and
gas mask but despite of that I would
like to assure here to make to focus on
some point that even the flak jackets
even the helmets do not the flak jackets
and the enemy do not protect journalists
because the Israeli killers are
sharpshooter their snipers that's why
when the Israeli sniper killed yes in
voltage' despite the cemetery has a flak
jacket but the Israeli sniper is very
clever okay or very criminal that's why
he shot that's why he shot him a gunshot
just beneath the flak jacket he shot him
in the abdomen and the flak jacket is
actually it protects most of the chest
but he hit him in the abdomen and the
same way with the above same okay our
scene has been also shot in the in the
abdomen the same gunshot which even if
he if the Palestinian journalists near
the fence even if they have flak jackets
and helmets they are not safe
I said well says it does not
intentionally target journalists but
from what we're hearing from Sammy and
from Abdul Rahman's story in Steph
Decker's report it sounds like it's
exact opposite I think that there is no
government policy that is ordering
snipers to shoot journalists I think
that even the Israeli government is
realizing the damage the PR damage that
shooting journalists will cause the
Israeli side and because of the media
attention that helping journalists
creates I do think that there is a
declared Israeli policy to use excessive
force against the protesters the
civilian protesters along the Gaza Strip
and there is and to add to that there is
no accountability to snipers who shot
the journalists up until now I think
that there is the Israeli government is
defending those snipers and instead of
putting a finding who was the sniper who
shot a ASIMO taja who is the sniper who
shot at Madaba Hussein and putting them
on trial for blanking the others they
are protecting them and by that they are
first of all creating an image as if
Israeli is deliberately hurting
journalists and second of all they they
are not creating a clarifying to other
snipers that shooting journalists is
forbidden it is a against the laws to
add to that I think that the fact that
there is a mass usage of snipers against
civilians along the Gaza Strip unarmed
civilians which couldn't even the IDF's
both spokespersons 20:26 a Palestinians
were shot without carrying any arms in
their hands
that is according to the Israeli army
this allows the snipers along the border
a much freedom to shoot whoever they
like I don't know what happened in those
specific cases there are internal
investigations by the Israeli army I
don't know if they will reveal the truth
I am personally I'm doubtful that we
will learn what really happened there
according to by those investigations and
I don't know what went inside the minds
of those snipers who shot them I believe
what Sammy said that it was deliberate I
don't think that there is a possibility
of snipers missing but when I saw a boom
Utada a was shot when he also Mutasa was
shot was shot the few days before that
the Israeli spokes PF spokesperson
declared that they know exactly where
each bullet landed which means they take
responsibility for that okay it's
changed it changed a bit with a Hamid
Abu Hussein if you notice that he is the
only patient up until now that was
wounded during the protests in Gaza that
was hospitalized in a Israeli hospital
and that is even that the
news organization New York though is
affiliated with one with a political
party in a personal political party
which is defined as a terror
organization by Israel and instead of
life they tried to claim about the
estimate aaja that he is Hamas
operatives they didn't say it about
America saying they are learning that it
is not working to try to and that may
not be working I bring you in here
because still Israeli snipers as I was
suggesting seem to be acting with
impunity and what message does that send
absolutely if if the government does not
step up immediately and if you know a
full IDF investigation into what has
happened isn't isn't completed and made
public then all it does is this is
reinforced you know what's looking like
a very appalling pattern of targeting
journalists who are covering overall
peaceful protests and it's not you know
one might be think oh you know
journalists working on the front lines
are putting themselves in danger and it
happens all the time but it the this
kind of attack does not happen all the
time it has happened sadly but it's not
you know it doesn't make up the majority
of attacks we see against journalists
who are targeted in very different ways
by you know people who are seeking to
silence them or Enterprise look for
their journalism and to see you know
forces really opening fire and to see
these high numbers of journalist injured
and as well as to be killed is is
setting what is a very unfortunate
precedent for what protection should
journalists expect to have covering
these sorts of protests when you do have
the Israeli side saying if you come
close to the fence you are a legitimate
target in these very different and
unusual circumstances what protections
can journalists expect well I think they
can
expect that if they're carrying cameras
and if they're covering something news
where they they should be they should
expect the freedom to do that it's an
important function of of all societies
and an important element of you know
it's a it's if people have the right to
know what's going on on the ground and
you and you really can't operate in an
invite you can't simply shoot a
journalist because they're doing their
job it's it's so I think they do have
the right to expect that not to happen
and I think by you know showing that
their press you know should be it should
be the protection that they need and I
think that in this particular case we
need to look at how protests are handled
in this in this region and you know that
we're not only non-lethal net measures
need to be employed and you know this is
this is not the appropriate response
we're sorry to these killings have have
they stopped many of your journalism
colleagues from attending the protester
and covering them I mean they knew
yourself didn't go on Friday do you
think you'll go back and many of your
colleagues saying it's just not worth
covering it I think actually I'm one of
them actually actually I'm one of those
who who stopped covering me system last
Friday I did not go to the fence because
I'm afraid I told I think I mentioned I
am afraid that my children will be
orphans because the Israeli snipers are
targeting journalists and some
journalists also that they have no other
choice it is their main source of living
that's why they are trying to go
despite danger because there is no
opportunities work opportunities in Gaza
this is the main and the main source of
living for them this might also we
believe that that this policy I mean
murdering journalists mating is not a
new Israeli policy it is very ancient it
is from the beginning of the
establishment of Israel let's say for
example if during al-aqsa Intifada
they have killed Italian journalist
Raphael Sharia law in the West Bank in
2003 they have they have killed him with
six gunshots in Rafah they have murdered
a British cameraman James Miller despite
he was raising a white flag in Rafah
they killed him they killed him
sama Boozer Hara in Jenin with a gunshot
and continued and also we don't forget
for the channel writers cameraman who
has been killed on the spot with a
cannon grenade and he has been ripped
apart on the spot it is I mean it is the
Israeli targeting of journalists is not
a new policy for the during the march of
return but this time the escalates why
because the last in the last errand or
in the last couple of years during that
so-called Arab Spring they are claiming
that Israel is the office of democracy
in the region and the Israeli army is
the world's most moral army but the but
the Palestinian journalists or this
March of return reveals that Israel is
the AUSA's of a crime of crimes over
criminals who are targeting targeting
civilians okay so far let's get the view
from the other side so if I can bring
you in at this point because what is it
like being an Israeli journalist
covering these protests
first of all personally I'm doing well
used so I'm covering not covering the
protests themselves I'm not there along
the fence so I cannot testify by myself
in general for the Israeli media a
Jewish Israeli media Israeli still
democracy there is a journalist kind of
a Jewish journalist of free to say
whatever they like to go wherever they
want to do whatever they they want if
there is pressure it's not from the
government itself the civil society they
are part of civil society that are less
tolerant to some views I am working for
house which puts freedom of speech as
its core value and I'm allowed to say
really whatever I like and they even
tested the borders of what does it mean
a we are we are the Jewish journalists
are free to do whatever we want whatever
we think it is right for our profession
that's not true for Palestinian
journalists not inside Israel not in the
West Bank construe surely not in Gaza as
for reporting about the great I'm also
returned from the Israeli side there is
no real threat at the moment there is no
danger though there was no not even a
single Israeli help during this five
weeks about this haven't United see
today that you've had a lawsuit brought
against you by right-wing organization
you able to talk about that yes not in
details and there was some right-wing
organization the two leaders are
fighting to kick away all the African
refugees that are now in Israel and they
commented about the about them and they
sued me for my words actually they
didn't so they're certain to sue they
haven't sued yet and still still hanging
over my head it's not pleasant a some
journalists it happens more often but
it's not a government a governmental a
pressure on me it's part of the tensions
that are in the side decide Society I
guess that some journalists are not
feeling free to say whatever left-wing
journalist working for Israeli
mainstream media most of it might think
twice before saying certain things
because they know they might get hurt
okay think that many people many
journalists in Gaza also have to think
twice before reporting what they want to
report on how politicized is the
situation there honestly we can say that
you can say that it is some sort of
putting himself in danger which is not
logic but no other choice in brief I
mean I mean they have no for example the
journalist in Gaza they have no no
safety many safety equipments for
example why also because of Israel
which means that Israel is behind
restrictions of covering news from Gaza
Israel is behind preventing flak jackets
preventing the entry of flak jackets and
helmets for Palestinian journalists in
Gaza they don't want to reveal truths
from Gaza and I think it is a gavel
it is government and all the these
governmental policies let's say for
example in 1972 Israel assassinated
Palestinian writer well is either in
Roma is it governmental or not
government okay this one is not I'm a
little bit I just want to go over back
to Elizabeth and just ask her in the
broader picture how being a journalist
in Gaza both within the strip and
reporting and feeling pressure from
perhaps outside of the strip how does
that compare to other places in the
world instantly emerging at this time as
one of the more dangerous environments I
think we're seeing a lot of the same
elements that we see in other countries
where journalists are being labeled as
combatants or being linked to terrorism
rather than the distinction being made
between covering engaging in an activity
that might be seen as legally anti-state
activities so we're kind of sick we're
seeing you know some of the same
patterns play out that we see in many
other countries where journalists may be
in another country they might be
detained or arrested and subject to
harsh penalties some countries we see
journalists targeted for murder
so it's a kind of different scenario and
I can't really I wouldn't really like to
sort of say one is more dangerous or
more difficult or more challenging than
another but I think we're seeing many of
the you know very basic elements a
certain lack of understanding on the
part of authorities of what the rights
and the role of journalists are the need
for dialogue between media and between
government parties and security services
to kind of bridge bridge those
differences and you know and we are
seeing as my colleague pointed out you
know what happens when you know
journalists don't have access to safety
equipment and good safety training for
whatever the reason in this case you
know it can be political but it for
other journalists it's the question of
resources these are expensive and
difficult things to obtain when you're a
local journalist often working on a
freelance basis so I think we're seeing
really you know an escalation of many
different elements that make journalism
dangerous in many countries right now
and it's and it's unfortunate to see you
know to see see this escalation
happening every day okay well we will
have to leave it there we've got three
more weeks of these protests we will
watch closely to see how they are dealt
with by the Israeli military many thanks
to all our guests today for joining us
Sami Abu Salam ACEF Rennell and
Elizabeth Mitchell and thank you too for
watching you can see the programme again
any time by visiting our website there's
aljazeera.com for further discussion do
go to our Facebook page that's
facebook.com for /aj Inside Story
you can also join the conversation on
Twitter I'll handle this at AJ inside
story from be Laura Kyle and the whole
team here it's bye for now
you
