Marilyn Rivas lives in one of the
poorest areas of when Osiris Moreno a
place that when it rains it is isolated
from the other parts of the province
because buses won't dare to go in but
these days she has another reason to
worry DNA come on man yo kilo 80 pesos
we paid for this piece of beef 80 and it
just goes up and up and we are trying to
catch up but my husband's salary doesn't
go up in the same way and that's the
problem
Madeleine lives in this house with her
husband and two children
inflation is a major issue in Argentina
especially in places like this one
because it affects people's lives in
every way this family for example says
but the food that you can see in this
refrigerator from tomatoes eggs among
other things they see the prices rise
every month and that is difficult for
them to make ends meet here since taking
office over two years ago president
Mauricio Macri has been struggling to
cut a double-digit inflation rate
inherited from the previous
administration but it hasn't been easy
the government has also lifted the
subsidies on utility bills that allowed
Argentines to pay cheaper electricity
gas and water but that has also had an
impact on prices that's why this week
Baker's gave away over 5,000 kilos of
bread because they say customers cannot
afford the rising bread prices anymore
the rise in the prices affects us
because it has caused a rise in the
costs of making bread but we cannot
continue to pass the rising cost to the
people because they cannot afford it if
things go on like this then I will have
to shut down Mac Lee's popularity has
suffered in recent months because of
some of the unpopular economic measures
he has taken in the last year the
president says he's convinced he's doing
the right thing for our Jin Tina it is a
lie that nobody pays for the subsidies
of gas and electricity we all pay for it
with inflation and debt to pay for
energy we have to end debt ourselves
our children and our grandchildren will
have to pay the other alternative was to
implement shock austerity measures but
we are choosing to be gradual in our
reforms so that no Argentine is left
behind
with the changing government Argentina
has become the darling of emerging
markets but high inflation rates
continue to be a challenge especially
for people like Marilyn who have to
struggle to get by terasawa
al Jazeera Buenos Aires
