this child skeleton is part of what
archaeologists are having the biggest
site of child sacrificing discovered so
far the victims appear to have been part
of a ritual sacrifice that took place
nearly 550 years ago the remains of more
than 140 children were found alongside
200 young lamas all the sacrifices that
we have found were children aged between
6 and 9 years of age and that from 10 to
12 or 15 years of age all have been
found with a sternum cut with the aim of
possibly opening the ribcage and
extracting their hearts that was a way
that the chimú a society that developed
between the 10th and 15th centuries of
our era sacrificed these children this
mass grave has been under excavation
since 2011 the investigations are
carried out by an international team led
by national Geographics Peruvian
explorers the sacrifice must have been a
societal response by the chimú to
counteract negative effects of nature of
climate that affected its political
economic and maybe its ideology system
the chimú civilization was known to
worship the moon scientists say they
will now focus on investigating the
victims lives Hana hawkster al Jazeera
