president Emmanuel macron singled out
al-qaeda and ISIL the so-called Islamic
state as the main enemies that had to be
confronted delivering the final address
at the conference on the financing of
terror he called for a new chapter to be
opened and new methods used to
neutralize them he said we do Nouveau I
want to thank you all for your
commitment by coming here particularly
the Middle East and all those who accept
our different points of view and to
accept to commit to this new method it's
necessary it's a first we must maintain
it we must implement it and we must make
it last it's been estimated the
so-called Islamic state made 1 billion
dollars a year when they controlled the
oil fields in Iraq and Syria no one
knows where those funds have gone what
is known is that the cost of mounting a
terrorist attack has been dropping
dramatically like the attack in Nice
where a lorry was a weapon that was used
to kill more than 80 people
Paris's public prosecutor Francois mala
estimated the attack in the French
capital in November 2015 which killed
130 people cost around 120 thousand
dollars some experts are now warning
that the fight against the financing of
terror groups has proved largely
ineffective they can easily transfer
money without using the international
banking system which proved too easy to
trace I'm hoping that as a result of
this conference there will now be a more
nuanced approach to terrorist financing
and that we are moving away from the
model that was developed in response to
9/11 but that might not be as effective
when we're talking about new actors
president macron said that terrorists
must be fought wherever they are found
but some of the measures are hurting
charities trying to bring aid to
civilians in conflict zones as one
relief worker put it it's now easier to
send weapons to Syria than medical
equipment or school supplies david
Chater
al jazeera Paris
