Mon Conway was reported missing by his
family after he flew to China last month
Interpol has repeatedly asked the
Chinese government to clarify his
whereabouts and well-being instead on
Sunday staff at its headquarters in the
French city of Leon received his
resignation grace his wife says she
fears for his safety the last message
she says she received from her husband
was an emoji of a knife although I can't
see my husband we are always connected
by hearts here support me doing this the
matter belongs to the fairness and a
judge says the matter belongs to the
international community the matter
belongs to the people of my motherland
china says hmong is under investigation
for unspecified violations of the law he
was previously China's vice minister of
public security and once work directly
under xiaoyong kang who was then one of
china's top leaders but Zhao is now
imprisoned after running foul of Chinese
President Xi Jinping's anti-corruption
campaign we don't know exactly what's
going on when things like this don't
happen in the absence of stress and
clearly right now China blackening his
reputation across the world this has got
to be extraordinary in fighting other
prominent figures who've gone missing in
China recently were later found to have
been under investigation by authorities
these include the actress fan bingbing
she disappeared three months ago and
popped up again last week publicly
expressing regret for allegedly dodging
millions of dollars in taxes Interpol
says kim jong yang of south korea will
be acting president until a new chief is
elected in november mungs detention has
put China's civil liberties and human
rights again under the spotlight
Victoria Gaytan be al Jazeera
