the Security Council chamber was packed
as always in these quarterly briefings a
number of observers ranging from the EU
to the Vatican taking part and looming
over proceedings the ever escalating
crisis in Gaza where the death toll
continues to rise among those
demonstrating on the border with Israel
Israel must calibrate its use of force
and minimize the use of life fire lethal
force should be used only as a last
resort Hamas and the leaders of the
demonstrations must keep protesters away
from the Gaza fence and prevent all
violent actions and provocations the
Israeli ambassador maintained Israel was
exercising its right of self-defense
Israel has an obligation to protect our
citizens and we will do so while
minimizing civilian casualties to the
other side the fact is that despite
these impassable conditions the vast
majority of those killed were confirmed
members of terrorist organizations no
acknowledgement that among the dead are
a number of children an explanation of
this left to Israel's prime defender in
the council the US says always leaping
to the defense of its close ally the
Ambassador claiming that Hamas should
bear the responsibility for the children
killed or injured anyone who truly cares
about children in Gaza should insist
that Hamas immediately stop using
children as cannon fodder in its
conflict with Israel the Palestinian
representative was adamant that the
demonstrations are legitimate protest
against continued Israeli occupation and
siege why is the occupying power so
surprised that a people would rise up to
demand their dignity and freedom why is
it so outraged that a people would use
all possible peaceful means to bring an
end to its persecution at the end of the
meeting it appeared the words of the
special coordinator at the beginning all
but forgotten his plea that everyone in
the Middle East needs to step back from
the brink and
or ignored by some Mike Hanna al Jazeera
United Nations
