targeting plastic more than 40 companies
in the UK have pledged to cut their
plastic pollution in the next seven
years the agreement is a first and
others are expected to follow so is this
a turning point in the battle to
eliminate plastic waste this is inside
story
and then welcome to the program I'm Jane
Dutton if the current trend of pollution
continues scientists predict by the year
2015 there could be more plastic in our
oceans than fish now that's an
extraordinary prediction now more than
40 large companies in the UK have signed
up to an agreement their aim to
eliminate single plastic use or
packaging that cannot be reused the goal
to do it in the next seven years the
move is a first and the decision is
expected to be followed by companies in
other countries now a million plastic
bottles are purchased every minute in
the United States alone and
approximately 500 million straws are
used and discarded in that country every
day for coffee lovers in Britain perhaps
this figure will give you the kind of
job that coffee weren't even 2.5 billion
disposable coffee cups are used each
year we have a lot to get to with our
guest but first charlie angela has more
on the UK company's decision to cut
their plastic waste we're outside Tesco
is one of 42 British companies and
supermarkets that have signed up to the
UK plastic spat
voluntarily they are agreeing that by
2025 their plastic bags their food
packaging like this covering bananas
will be fully reusable recyclable and
compostable now these companies account
for 80% of the plastic packaging news in
UK supermarkets so the impact could be
in law
Prime Minister Therese in May has
promised to eliminate avoidable plastic
waste by 2042 as part of a national
action plan the government is ambitious
and it should be because the threat to
the environment is so severe but this is
a global problem and it needs a global
response when you consider that the
amount of plastic we produce each year
is equivalent to the entire weight of
humanity it's public concern about
plastic waste that is driving the agenda
it's being called the blue planet effect
after the television series by Sir David
Attenborough which has exposed the
impact of plastic on our seas and
Wildlife and that critics say that this
new pact is just voluntary there's no
way of enforcing it the public is
committed to change for already seeing
people replacing their plastic shopping
bags for reusable cloth ones and taking
their daily coffee in a reusable cup
they're expecting retailers to commit to
change - charlie Angela al-jazeera
let's bring in our guests now joining us
on skype from London
Adrian Mars a science and technology
journalist in Aerobie a d1z deputy
director in charge of field operation at
Kenya's National Environment Management
Authority and also on skype but from
Bergen in Norway afros Shah a 2016 year
in environments champion of the earth
winner who focuses on pollution in our
oceans very good to have all three of
you with us let me start off with you
Adrian Martinez this happened in your
part of the world this agreement this
pledge to put a stop to plastic plastic
waste what do you make of it well I I
think a cynic and perhaps I am a
journalist would say yes this is
although definitely a good move and
welcomed by environmental groups it's an
attempt to avoid stricter government
regulation what they're not doing is
promising to reduce the amount of
plastics they use they're trying to
avoid deposits on plastic on single-use
plastic items by government and other
government regulation of course both of
those would hit them harder in the
pocket than making their Plastics
recyclable there's a lot of government
there's a lot of public pressure on the
government to deal with this they've
already put a 5/10 that's about seven US
cents levy on plastic bags from large
change of shops they're talking about a
deposit on plastic bottles so they're
returnable and banning plastic cotton
buds and drinking straws which you know
is maybe could be argued tinkering at
the edges but it could get a lot worse
for the manufacturers so I think this is
really to some extent laudable but to
some extent an attempt to head off
something far far worse financially and
do you think it'll buy them enough time
to head off for that inevitable point
that that must surely reach at some
stage and take that financial hit to do
the right thing
I think only time will tell of course
there's a very good chance we will see a
change of government before this these
targets come in in 2025
so perhaps partly it depends how they do
I think one point is that the groups
have a valid point that in fact 95% of
plastic our survey by the end MacArthur
Foundation the woman who set off a
record first solo navigation around the
world knee got she survey by them found
that 95% of plat of single-use plastic
around the world aren't recycled so
really I think that the vironment groups
do have a point we need to get rid of
plastics as much as possible single-use
plastics at least and I don't think that
pressure is gonna go away but it'll help
it'll certainly help alright let's talk
about this what Adrian says is a small
step as he cynically points out what do
you think of it up Russia I think it's
far too little but I work on the other
spectrum you know very the narrative
which we see in this world is the laws
and the policies and the regulation must
help us including the ocean or
protecting the ocean from being plastic
filled
I think the individuals must own up you
know the field which I work in Mumbai I
think we all have littered we have
turned plastic into marine debris
plastic was not marine debris plastic is
cost-effective and durable product is
how do we handle plastic and if you
don't recycle and monetize plastic you
are in for trouble and that's what I see
at my beach in Mumbai of course this
goes with a caveat that unnecessary
single-use plastic have no place in 21st
century and that's what these laws and
regulation must drive at and they must
drive it at a faster space and speed
than what's been done now marine species
are in trouble the ocean is in trouble
we have lost our Beach citizens are not
able to enjoy the beaches I can't go for
a swim in my beach in Mumbai so what do
you expected this Fagin from the
lawmakers and the governance module you
know and I firmly believe it's more
these individuals who are littering are
responsible and I speak purely from my
experience you know I have picked up 14
million cases of plastic from a single
Beach in Mumbai the UN as label this is
the biggest beach cleanup and I after
picking up I'll tell you it's not the
which is a problem our empathy towards
plastic has got us where we have every
person who letters must own up this is
because of the loss of sense of
belonging you feel your home is your
home your car is your car your offices
are your office your families or your
family but when it comes to your ocean
your nature it's not mine the government
must take care it seems we've become so
distant from our environment and things
that are important to us aleem wanna see
what do you make of this latest gesture
if I can put it that way thank you very
much for that question here in Kenya we
are very happy speaking from the
standpoint of an environmental
protection agency that the
implementation of the plastic burner is
going to solve one of our biggest
problem and this is the sources of
land-based pollution into the marine
environment and therefore we are solving
one of the biggest problem to the
environment and we are going to have
very much beneficial impacts into the
society and I think this is the way to
go because we have a lot of alternatives
in the packaging environment and
therefore we are not going to constrain
progressive activities by any group of
people and they way to go is we need to
stick with removing plastic materials in
the environment so that we can clean
environment for the purposes of clean
and healthy environment for all people
and the marine marine life in general
and therefore I think we are doing the
right thing in Kenya and we are very
happy let's talk about what's going on
in Kenya if we make Kenya's ban there
Kenya has imposed the world's stiffest
fines on the use of plastic pretty
draconian pretty hard for those who rely
on plastic for their business tell me
how it's working is it successful yeah
we are saying it's been very successful
because
we've seen the environment is choked
with the plastic area bad plastic flat
bugs in Kenya and our national solid
waste strategy stipulated that we need
to take action to was cleaning the
environment and it's been a good thing
that we deal with the plastic and Korea
but because they are alternative in the
environment which if all of us embrace
in the use of the alternative packaging
materials or bugs then everybody will be
very happy about it and they're not
going to lose any employment
opportunities in the industry because we
know very well that the manufacturers
here will have to change their machines
so that they can embrace the new
alternative packaging that is required
and people will continue working in the
in the industries and people will enjoy
a clean and healthy environment for also
we two points sorry may I jump in here
and bring an agent you make an important
point when it comes to business you say
that everybody's benefiting from it but
Adrian as you know it'll hit businesses
hard the plastic industry obviously
won't be behind this those who use it to
carry fruit and vege in their plastic
bags to fray from one place to another
won't be behind it how do you make this
a successful business model well it's
it's down to government pressure and
regulation if the demand is there for
different sorts of plastic one of the
the promises that is that they're going
to increase the amount of compostable
plastic which does to a great extent
largely solves the problem but the
technology is still very much lagging
behind but if we can really crack that
problem and get and use plastics that's
decay in the environment then it's
almost problem solved overnight and I
think eventually technology will solve
it it's just a question of whether
that's five years or twenty years or
more to solve that one one doesn't know
how hard the problem is to solve really
until one solved it but it's something
people have been working on for a long
long
because it takes 20 years to get rid of
a shopping bag a plastic shopping bag oh
and that's extraordinary isn't it and
plastic that is reusable you could only
reuse it a certain amount of times as
well there's a finite that's right and
it breaks down into increasingly small
pieces that cause increasing problems to
marine wildlife because many marine
wildlife mistake it for things like fish
eggs and other things those you can
think they treat us food so as it breaks
down it causes more damage than large
hole plastic bags which are visible and
unpleasant and it actually enters the
food chain as well we consume a large
amount of micro plastic and at the
moment nobody knows if that's damaging
our health or not so it is a very very
urgent problem sure it is it's
frightening is enduring why it's taking
us so long to get to this point what is
it is it they the pictures of the
swirling plastic in the Seas and knowing
that eating plastic is going to damage
us I mean what finally triggered this
move this tipping point afros even when
you when you see is such a huge and a
humungous problem facing you I come from
land of Mahatma Gandhi so your immediate
response is I I've followed him all my
life
as a lawyer I did that in the courts in
Mumbai so you want to be part of the
solution I always tell people up to my
mind you know you can keep on
complaining you can keep on blaming the
government's you can keep on blaming the
policy but an individual is at the
center of the pollution the governments
have not littered the institutions have
not littered now you are looking for an
institutional solution saying the big
boys and the big girls the government
and the court will step in to protect
the environment I think it should start
with a single entity every individual
have shown up and that requires very
fortuna you we haven't seen any
environment you're getting people take
personal responsibility you know what
helps
it's nothing you shouldn't do it but but
we do need much bigger global things
that force people to do it and some
people of course
don't have man comes to make these
choices that actually cost more to make
an environment from my experience as III
must answer Adrian I think he pitched
incentive individual efforts I speak
purely for my experience for three years
I worked fifty sixty thousand people in
Mumbai
are having a change of heart and mind
you know if you have been told too long
that these laws are going to take over
our lives I mean if you have lost
connect the basic is Vizard we have lost
connect with the nature why do people
litter that's loss of sense of belonging
every plastic is turned into a marine
debris asked me the poor people you know
in Mumbai I walk in the slums 60,000
there's a change of heart there they're
making the houses you know garbage and
it was a small small pep talk to them
saying that can we do it together
this impersonal mechanism of laws
policies and I speak as a lawyer I
appear in the court every now and then
defending government action I'm a
constitutional lawyer at Mumbai High
Court court orders are passed laws are
put in place and who sees the
implementation and enforcement asked me
when you see fifteen million kgs of
plastic at the beach does they extend it
produces responsibility in my country as
I speak to you there's a solid waste
management tools okay but before this
point as well and if I can put this to
any how do you balance saving the
environment and possibly not sacrificing
our economy how do you get people to
understand that the two can exist that
you can be environmentally friendly that
it can be economically beneficial to you
this is a very good question I'll start
by saying that in every in every action
that we take we normally find
information to supported a decision that
is being taken and I will normally
create awareness to the citizenry so
that we can go together the citizen
through that particular path and
therefore when we decided that we need
to burn the plastic the use of plastic
bag in the country
we also found some information about the
appropriate alternative packaging for
all users in Kenya and therefore and we
said that we have their appropriate
technologies that can be used by the
manufacturing industry to be able again
to substrates to sustain their
businesses and serve and therefore or
the decision was supported by
information that was there and we'll
continue to collect more information to
support this particular decision and as
well as create awareness to the
citizenry about the availability of
alternative packaging material which now
goes a long way to guarantee they
economy to continue the way it used to
to be and at the same time saving our
environment from pollution or choking
effect of the plastic area and flat bags
and therefore these two go hand-in-hand
and is supported by information that is
there from science and we continue to
collect more information to support
these decisions and countries like Kenya
have been incredibly proactive and
they've decided to do something about it
you've got people like Shah who spend
afros rather but who spent hours on the
beach cleaning up getting his feet and
hands dirty and opening himself up to
you know whatever sort of diseases and
then you have countries the five Asian
countries China Indonesia Philippines
Thailand Vietnam who are dumping more
plastic into oceans then the rest of the
world oh it does this negate everything
that's been done and how can you rain
those sort of countries in well there's
no question that the individual action
is valuable we also have people who
voluntarily clean beaches and although
that doesn't solve really the plastic
problem at sea it does improve the local
environment for people and for animals
that use the beaches but it's not really
a solution and until we find I think
much greater scale either technical or
regulatory solutions the
problem will continue it's very
difficult to see how you can persuade
countries what made the huge difference
here was as your package said it was a
documentary by David Attenborough called
Blue Planet that actually showed people
what the reality is on the surface of
the ocean and under the ocean and that
really really shocked people it's
incredibly is incredibly popular
broadcaster here and that made more of a
difference than years of campaigning and
regulation and suddenly there's a huge
call for action
s'okay willingness when people know the
problem to have something done to do
something about it's not just plastic
that's harming the environment
scientists say so-called healthy foods
could also be damaging our planet they
say eating lettuces over three times
worse in greenhouse emissions then
eating bacon for example that's because
latest has so few calories that you'd
need to eat two whole iceberg lettuce
heads to get close to the calorie intake
of two rashes of smoked bacon almonds
are being blamed for water shortages in
California where 82 percent of the
world's almonds are produced each one
takes only four liters of water to
produce and the low-fat high-protein
quinoa is having detrimental effects in
the fields of Peru and Bolivia where
it's fun the rise in export has made it
too expensive for locals to buy it afros
do you think you know this sort of
information plastic falls into that do
you think it's just overwhelming for
people to know that look I'm trying to
do my best I've given up plastic water
bottles I'm onto glass now and I'm
trying to get fit and Kin was bad for
the you know for the planet where does
one start see I'll tell you the whole
narrative when you discuss problem of
plastic environment we as humans we want
solution now if you remove the
assumption that solution is in the near
future then things are okay we each one
of us I firmly believe we'll have to
start our personal journey the problem
is we are looking for solution we have
not even understood the problem of
plastic and ocean why people litter from
where it is coming why are these buying
habits
why is consumerism promoting this when
you have more power purchasing power you
get more plastic in your house you know
what I mean and then you litter so this
concept about solution solution solution
I think it's too far-fetched at this
point of time what we need is simple
basic things you will have to teach
everybody in the country I am doing that
in Mumbai maybe more arthrosis
should stand up everywhere in my country
and tell people up get your life to life
of existence this move away from life of
convenience we want solution we want
convenience this can't be at all our
bonds have been snapped let me tell you
you know I'm in Norway now cleaning the
beaches here in remote island now Norway
is supposed to be a very sustainable
country and I mind you yesterday I was
at one of a remote island full of
plastic what do you respond to it ok let
me bring in Ellie yes and I should
imagine hearing statements from Donald
Trump's administration for example where
they seem to be rolling back all the
strides made against the environment
doesn't help on a higher level should
plastic pollution for example be in the
same league as emitting greenhouse gas
emissions should we be taking it that
seriously getting the cloud behind it
that it needs thank you thank you I tend
to believe that this would be put in the
same lid because the consequences of
plastic bugs on the environment pose a
very big tree to the the life of both
humans and marine life and the world
animals as well and therefore because
the issue of the greenhouse gases into
the into the environment again also
causes similar consequences of impact
into the human I mean human life the
same should be debated at the same level
so that they are tackled at the same
level and consideration of the resources
are the same synthetic level what will
be different probably the Adhan will be
taco at the global level because the
gases do not have a boundaries but with
the pollution each government need to
put up measures so that they can tackle
the issue of plastic bug menace ok let
me try the last questions
if I'm a agent if we don't tackle this
now if we don't deal with our kinwa
addictions and our plastic addictions or
whatever else is harming the planet what
are we looking at well I think the point
you raised is that it's complex a little
while back in the UK we moved away from
glass milk bottles that were returned
and washed out to plastic bottles and
the argument was that was reducing co2
emissions so environmental issues are
incredibly complex and bouncing one
against the other is very very difficult
I mean clearly global warming is the
greatest threat to the planet bar none
at the moment
but you know if we destroy the oceans
fire and other means in order to
mitigate that then it's not great it's
very difficult to balance the two and
really we need to work on them both
simultaneously it can't be either/or and
we can all start taking our own steps
contrary afros sha Ali onesie and Adrian
Mars very good to talk to you thank you
and thank you too for watching you can
see the program again any time by
visiting our website al Jazeera comm for
further discussion you can go to our
Facebook page that's facebook.com
forward slash AJ inside story you can
also join the conversation on twitter
our handle I'll just remind you at AJ
inside story mine is at Jane Dutton
thank you for watching away
you
