these men have been recently detained
their sum of up to 4,000 ISIL fighters
thought to be waging a war against the
Afghan government most of them are
foreigners they asked me to join a
training center in nangarhar that's
where I met people from Pakistan Iran s
Pakistan and Balochistan there were four
brigades in the center this man says he
was tricked into joining the armed group
I was in Russia then I traveled to Iran
and then to Afghanistan when I arrived I
realized I'd been conned my goal was to
study Sharia since I saw entered
Afghanistan two years ago it's been
behind a number of attacks in December I
saw claimed responsibility for an attack
on a Shia cultural center that killed 41
people in Kabul
a month later ISIL fighters stormed the
offices of Save the Children in
Nangarhar province capital Jalalabad two
people were killed when a suicide bomber
blew himself up crest to Kabul
University killing 29 people and
injuring dozens more in March this road
leads to Nanga Hall where the fiercest
battles between ISIL fighters and
government soldiers have taken place the
US government dropped the circled mother
of all bombs in the province last year
in an effort to annihilate the group a
year on fear of the Pashtun tribes who
live here adjoining ISIL they remain war
weary after decades caught up in the
Taliban's rebellion Barbara and Gupta
al-jazeera
