the president of the French Republic
before a joint session of the US
Congress
French president Emmanuel macron argued
the United States should remain part of
the Iran nuclear agreement it is true to
say that this agreement may not address
all concerns and very important concerns
this is true but we should not abandon
it
without having something substantial and
more substantial instead a day earlier
in meetings at the White House Mike Ross
suggested the current deal to limit
Iran's nuclear program in exchange for
sanctions relief should be the
cornerstone of a new supplemental
agreement it would address Trump's
concerns beyond 2025 including limiting
Iran's influence in the Middle East and
halting ballistic missile testing we can
change and we can be flexible you know
in life you have to be flexible
so despite criticizing the existing Iran
agreement repeatedly for years Trump is
now signaling he's open to recertify
Iran's compliance under the terms of the
deal but only if his criticisms are
addressed with the deadline for Donald
Trump to make his decision just weeks
away European leaders are conducting a
high-level lobbying effort on Friday
German Chancellor Angela Merkel will be
the next to visit the White House she'll
work to persuade Trump to remain in the
2015 Iran deal but Iran says a u.s.
withdrawal will kill it Tehran has
threatened to respond by pulling out of
another agreement the nuclear
non-proliferation agreement on weapons
on Wednesday Iran's president questioned
Trump's ability to even comprehend the
terms of any agreement shimakaze fat
body ha ha seat you don't have any
background in politics you don't have
any background in law you don't have any
background on international treaties how
can a tradesman a merchant someone who
builds towers for a living make
judgments about international affairs
and while he's crying
l√©a signaling he's open to the u.s.
remaining in the deal negotiated with
Iran and five other world powers given
his impulsive nature there's still time
for Trump to change his mind and follow
through with threats to leave the Iran
deal Kimberley hellcat al Jazeera at the
White House
