they brought the capital to a standstill
for some it was a carnival atmosphere
for others it was an inconvenience
the police have ceased to intervene
instead they have retreated to protect
government buildings sarrish sallyanne
is yesterday's news
now his Republican Party still nominally
in charge is the next target of the
protest movement and the young smell
revolution acting Prime Minister Karen
Karapetyan who canceled talks with the
opposition scheduled for Wednesday said
he was ready for elections but not on
the street I don't know of any country
where the people's candidate is elected
in that way that's why we have elections
there are some in the citizenry who are
disappointed
how are we to measure their desire to
have Nicole pacinian against the desires
of others in the citizenry who want a
different candidate but apart from mr.
Karapetyan it's not clear who else is
willing to stand in the way of
opposition leader Nicole Passion yen
more parties in Parliament's sided with
his movement on Wednesday and the
international community is taking him
seriously too we caught up with him
fresh from talks at the Russian embassy
Republican Party has lost his power and
Republican Party should recognized
victory of the people and without any
condition as far as he is concerned and
as far as his crowd is concerned Nicole
pacchiana is on the threshold of
becoming this country's new leader and
ushering in a new democratic era to the
republic of armenia
you may not yet walk the corridors of
power but he has proven he can mobilize
Armenians anytime and anywhere his power
is on the street and here on Republic
Square Robin Forestier Walker al-jazeera
here
