four years ago Nadeem noir took part in
these protests in the occupied West Bank
town of petunia it was one of a group of
young men and teenagers throwing stones
towards Israeli security forces Israel
says they were instructed to use
rubber-coated bullets but when the 17
year old was shot he collapsed and was
rushed to hospital where he was
pronounced dead later an autopsy on his
exhumed body would show he'd been shot
through the chest with a regular bullet
medical volunteer mohammed salim was
there that day he arrived in time to see
a second teenage boy shot through the
chest right next to him Hamid throw a
stone and he was like walking back so
his face was toward this direction and
when he reached almost here he was shot
in the back and then he turned around
and fall he gave first aid to the victim
mohamed abu dharr
but he too died no proceedings were ever
brought in the case of mohammad abu
dharr but the killing of Nadeem luara
was different at one stage the Israeli
border police officer who pulled the
trigger was indicted for manslaughter
Ben Derry was initially accused of
deliberately placing live rounds in the
magazine of his assault rifle which
should have been firing only
rubber-coated ammunition in a plea deal
that accusation was dropped and he was
convicted instead of negligence his
sentence
nine months in prison Nadeem father has
fought a long legal battle on behalf of
his son from the moment he says he found
a live bullet in the backpack Nadine was
wearing when he died and look when a kid
it in nor I have proven that Israel has
no justice or fairness when it comes to
Palestinians I proved this with evidence
because the chaos of Nadeem is one of
the strongest cases in the
israeli-palestinian conflict by evidence
approved Nadine was intentionally killed
Palestinian activists say a double
standard is at play highlighted by the
case of I had Tommy me the Palestinian
teenager convicted of assault and
incitement after slapping an Israeli
soldier her sentence eight months I had
to me means a child to slap the soldier
and received almost the same sentence at
the soldier who put an end to the life
of a Palestinian child so you can
compare the double standards that
Israeli justice
system is following the Israeli police
have declined to comment on Ben Darras
sentencing the judgment criticized him
for aiming at the upper body of someone
who presented no immediate threat having
a live round in his magazine but had
found no intention on his part to load
that bullet will fire it at Nadeem Noir
Harry Fawcett al-jazeera petunia in the
occupied West Bank
