I am for me okay
and now Emily could be loud today yeah
the musician IDO pimienta is back with
us in the stream we will hear more about
the Columbian Canadian artists and the
forces that drive her music female power
is a dominant theme Aledo Carmi enters
latest album lover Petter or the High
Priestess have a listen
a mix of traditional Latin America music
and electronic synth pop lapa Pesa
was pimiento self-release breakthrough
project it went on to win Canada's top
music honor the Polaris Music Prize in
2017 animals the first such win for a
spanish-language album on the album
pimientos powerful vocals highlight
issues including motherhood feminism and
migration so much to talk about Ledo
pimiento
welcome to the age three my house it's
really great to have you here when you
hear that back about yourself how's that
it's accurate you'll hide yourself to
the studio today I love that it's great
it feels like what I'm doing it's it's
it's it's serving a purpose and people
are listening and people are supporting
me
because I find that the work that I do
is work that should be supported and
seen we got a little taste of some of
your music just there at the beginning
of our show but people might be
surprised to find out the very first
band that you joined as a youngster tell
us the genre of music that you were
playing metal yeah my first bands when I
was eleven twelve it was metal punk
hardcore yeah so we have a tweet here
from someone who has followed your work
for a very long time maybe even from
your metal days a little see naughty
here writes in that Leto is persistent
brutally honest and is doing her million
hours for real in a way that most
artists don't anymore
so happy to witness her growth I relate
with the way she addresses being
bicultural and have learned much from
how she honors indigenous peoples and
stories so I know that you identify as
indigenous afro-colombian for our
audience that may not be as familiar
with your work how do those identities
play into your songs new music well it's
just inside of me it's the sound and
it's the chance of my people that I have
in my blood and the way that traditional
music carries through and the
storytelling that comes with it is a
great way for me to express myself
because
I do sing in Spanish and and and living
in North America you know there is this
barrier that I find that I don't want to
break per se but I want to I want people
to feel included so storytelling and the
rhythms that we carry and marry with our
electronic sounds are perfect for that
so I mean it is Who I am and it always
follows me and I'm so proud to be all
the things that I am it shouldn't be
unusual that an artist sings in their
native language but if they want to make
it big and international often they will
change from their native language and
sing in English but you are
unapologetically say I'm not doing that
in fact there is a language app that you
mentioned very often as you're about to
do a song and then you didn't then you
say what do you pretend that you're
introducing one of your songs in and
explain to the audience what you tell
them because it's tough that they don't
speak Spanish good
well yeah first I will ask who can speak
Spanish and then there's like two people
like and then and then I'm like well
this is the perfect time to download
your rosetta stone app or English
embarass you know like I don't know that
app exists but I do know that there was
a set of stone multilingual programs
were really hot so I'm like there should
be an app for that you should download
it because I am not about to translate
this i'll contextualise a little bit but
yeah it's it's good so on that note not
translating and texturising not
translating Kevin here on Twitter says I
think that we should embrace cultural
diversity and the fine and good nuances
that make language is unique native
speakers tend to write more emotional
and less distant lyrics and melodies do
you find that's true of you so when you
are writing your lyrics in Spanish you
emote differently than you would in
English or vice versa
absolutely I I cannot write I can write
songs for other people in English I can
adopt whatever their message and their
emotions but for my own music it is
extremely difficult because the things
that I sing about are so emotional and
they're so charged that the poetry
Spanish has it's not something that I
have that I have been able to accomplish
in English yet so I don't know who knows
if I feel like I can do an album in
French I'll do it if I can if I feel
that I can do an album in English I'll
do it but right now I don't feel like I
need to especially in the music in the
musical landscape you know I think that
you know our diaspora is everywhere and
yeah if you're a good performer and if
you have emotion and true to what you do
languages become secondary there's a
phrase that you use when you're in
concert on stage because you tell a lot
of stories and you often say long story
short and then tell a very long story
yeah let's tell a long story but short
about how you went from Colombia to
Canada because that's quite a journey it
is quite a journey yes um 11 years ago I
arrived in Canada not by choice a lot of
us you know
second generation first generation you
know we don't have a choice like we
follow our parents in my case my mother
was going to move to Los Angeles and she
thought that it wasn't the place for her
so we ended up in the most exciting
place of Canada called London Ontario
and that's what happened I I can't
I followed my mother and my immigration
story actually started five years before
she left because I was five years
without her so I in my music I really I
make it a point to acknowledging
children of immigrants and yeah that's
that's pretty much what happened we
needed political turmoil forced us to
leave our land and now we're in Canada
can you hear Canada in your music in
your sound I think that Canada doesn't
have a sound I think that Canada has yet
to discover what that sound is because
if we're going to talk about Canadian
music
we need to understand where we are when
we talk about Canada what land
are we on when we're when we're talking
about Canada so if anything I try to
bring indigeneity forward because to me
you know I live in on Turtle Island you
know my citizenship is Canadian but I
live on indigenous land so and because I
carry that indigeneity and that
indigenous blood inside of me and our
narratives are so similar maybe that's
when it comes in but I think Canada now
you know we're diverse nation so when
you hear me I feel like that's what
Canada should sound like it's a mix of a
lot of rhythms because that's what we
are as as a nation on colonized land
I'm not talking about music let's hear
some music you brought with you Brandon
and confess randon kvetch hello what do
we need to know about agua before you
start singing it's a song about
indigenous sovereignty and water rights
and taking care of Mother Nature take it
away
I'm clicking here and clicking because I
cannot make enough noise to applaud you
loudly you are watching out to zero
English right now and this is Lido
pimiento do not change the channel
sometimes we do music on al-jazeera and
our audience responds pretty well to it
so this is a tweet we got live while
you're performing someone on Twitter
says I can't understand the language but
I'm dancing and responding to it quite
well which which I think is as a badge
of honor there but there is someone who
does understand the language this is
Maya and she says that agua is one of my
favorite of your songs because water is
life and I want to know when your
inspirations and what motivates you to
create in times of hardship especially
meaning it comes out in your music so
what allows that struggle to then find a
place a home in those lyrics well it's
difficult when you are so attached to
your land but you're unable to live in
your land so music to me is a connection
is the connection is the channel and I'm
the vessel between you know the nations
and the lands and the territories that I
that I live in so ours is a song about
pretty much it's a poem that I wrote for
mothers who have to take care of their
children under the most difficult
circumstances specifically in the
territory of La Guajira for the Y you
people in Colombia which are my people
on my mother's side I am why you on my
father's side I am black so I wrote this
song to raise awareness and I wrote this
poem this poem of love because I we
we're we're an eight we're a community
that's that's been forgotten so I know
that if I as a weiu person has a
platform I can use this platform to
showcase the things that are
wrong in in our in our community right
now so that's where it came from and it
helps me stay connected and yeah with my
with my community you know there's a
story a picture story that we did on
al-jazeera
online have a look here it's Columbia's
abandoned why you people very striking
pictures we will tweet these out so you
can see part of Leo's heritage and some
of the extraordinary ways that people
are currently living there
how do you stay connected well
technology you know every every Latin
person will tell you I live by my
whatsapp lots of they ask for us we
depend on on our whatsapp so I'm able to
speak with my family daily and yeah I
mean there's journalists independent
journalism in the country too and just
you know when your family is what you
you hear the real versions and the real
stories firsthand and it's very it's
very stressful you know
you feel powerless but I know that as an
artist there's things that I can do when
I try my hardest to to raise awareness
yeah in addition to the struggles of the
indigenous you also talk about struggles
of everyday life of being a woman and
some of the things that you have to put
up with as that identity we got a video
comment from someone who that's least
that that speaks to them in particular
and one of your songs even moreso luckup
se dads which we will hear from in just
a little bit this is Gina Virgil though
and this is what she told us about how
you speak to her through music I've
always been a fan of lido pamita's music
but her song la capacidad really
resonated with me because when I was 19
and freshman in college I dated a guy
who believe it or not hit me and I
stayed with him for a year he was very
controlling and I think I didn't have a
lot of experience dating my parents were
Colombian or Colombian and they were
very strict when I was growing up and I
somehow let this guy manipulate me into
thinking that
the things that were happening to me at
you know from him were my fault he was
very controlling for instance I remember
one time we got into a huge fight
because I was wearing lipstick and he
was like why are you wearing lipstick
like where you gonna go see so the song
resonated with me because it's very
empowering and it's telling women that
they have the capacity to be independent
and to live their lives and they're not
put on this earth to set feminism back
or to cook for somebody or to meet a
man's demands so the song translates to
you are able to from Spanish what a
messages like that mean for you well I
mean much similarly to what we just
heard I wrote that song it started as a
love song for this man and then it ended
up being this song to resist this man
and men like him you know the getting a
fight because of the lipstick you know I
would get phone calls you know where he
would police what I would wear you know
and as women were so wired to cater to
men and the behavior is normalized so
you know it really took my community my
mother to help me get out of that get
out of that trance you know so now
capacity that really is a song about the
emotional labor of women and how as
women we have to put up with so much you
know and and and a lot of women don't
have the privilege of actually you know
doing all of that and and it be worth it
you know feminist II do you know it's
it's it's rampant in South America in
Colombia you know women are getting
killed by their spouses by ex-boyfriends
we see it all over the world so yeah
this song really connects connects
people and it connects women and
I'm very proud of it and I hope that my
story and because I always tell the
story of what happened and how we went
down and how empowered I am now after
the incident with this very controlling
and violent man that he will inspire
other other girls to know you know this
isn't normal and you shouldn't be
suffering at the hands of anyone I'm
just looking at the page for the passer
so people can see it and appreciate the
music and go listen excuse me to the
music this album was an album that you
put together and then it won the best
album in Canada which is incredible and
then you went on stage and then you said
this I really know what to say perhaps
the only thing that I can say is that I
hope that the Aryan specimen who told me
to go back to my country two weeks after
arriving in London Ontario Canada is
watching this I want to check the
opportunity to thank my beautiful mother
this is my mom y'all
for being so resilient and for enduring
white supremacy in Canada in her work
when she goes to work and she just she
gets told the same thing to go back to
her country so you're watching and
laughing Brandon Kadesh of watching as
well and they're like what can you do
this is leader that caused quite a
sensation how do you feel looking back
at it now about what you said because
that was see I made it yeah well first
of all I did not expect to win at all so
I did not prepare a speech so everything
that I said that night was completely
emotional and on the spot I was just
looking at the people that were with me
on stage I was acknowledging my mother
and I was like always acknowledging the
land where I am at so yeah I mean I
didn't think that people would even know
the day after about I know she's not
even Canadian and why then like all this
stuff but it needed to be said and it is
a proud moment when when someone tells
you to go back to your country you are
gonna sing for us like a posse dad and
that's gonna be the last song that
people will hear but before you do that
there's something extraordinary that you
do when you're on set when you're
playing which is you do this guttural
amazing sound can you do that for us cuz
I want people to hear a different kind
of sound that you can make - okay are
you ready good job and gain also their
jaw see been a seat there you angelic
monster big oppa me enter please play us
out capaci dad thank you so much for
being on the show thank you for having
us here we had the best time thank you
so lido is playing New York this week
and then the very last Festival that
she'll be playing before she had a
little baby which we didn't mention it
will be at the hillside Fez
of all solito pimienta come fresh and
brandon play us out thank you
you
