at least 60 people are being buried in
Afghanistan they all had one thing in
common a desire to vote these people
were killed in western Kabul on Sunday
morning queuing at a voter registration
center they wanted to vote in october's
elections he knows about the attack has
soared hundreds of families people are
not optimistic about the government in
this country anymore
voter registration opened on April 14th
for long delayed parliamentary and
district elections the government has
two months to reach its goal of
registering 15 million Afghans just two
percent have turned out so far the
Election Commission released an ad
campaign to convince Afghans to sign up
president Ashraf Ghani invited the media
to see him open the registration process
but it's a hard sell in the current
climate look at this this is a voting
card which is drowned in blood who will
come to vote when the government asks us
to ISIL took responsibility for Sunday's
bombing but the Taliban has carried out
multiple attacks on registration centers
and security posts election workers have
been abducted and there are no voting
centers and 35 provinces a security
can't be guaranteed Afghanistan's
Election Commission says it's working
hard to protect prospective voters an
enduring challenge with election still
six months away
Afghanistan is currently in a situation
of conflict we hold weekly meetings with
Afghan security forces and the Election
Commission and Afghan forces have an
agreement to secure the voters and
polling stations security forces are
visible outside election centers but
it's what they can't see that scares
voters the Afghans that show up here say
they are in the minority people are not
interested in the election anymore
because considering the current security
situation in the country most people are
not willing to attend the election as
the situation gets worse day by day
the continuing attacks destroying
optimism for a truly democratic
Afghanistan
Charlotte Bellis al-jazeera
