at La Batre miss Betty
being a Palestinian mother means that
you have to be a super woman to be a
hero
unbreakable bill for which is impossible
by the end of a human being I'm not a
super woman I have moments of weakness
I have not minutes hours and days of
fear but this is our life
it's a risky one but it's about to
control it to find a beauty in the
middle of distraction to find hope in
the middle of stress and depression
to find happiness in the middle of the
chaos we are living I'm trying to do
this and teaching my children also to do
it
every Friday when you're about to have a
protest do you get nervous in the
morning yeah always we expect the wars
we know it's just a matter of time that
somebody gonna be killed or sure so
maybe this is the Friday we can lose
somebody scary always from Naboo Salah
it's a small village within 620
residents and the whole village is one
family that I mean
it's not easy for me as a mother to take
my children to protest because
motherhood is about caring about making
life secure about keeping children away
of danger people who criticizing us that
you are putting your children in danger
it's not us who putting our children in
danger it doesn't matter what I do but
they will be in danger
all the time Misha there will be risk
that they are weakened and nitrate the
house they can shoot air gets inside the
house they can arrest the children they
can I kill them even our situation take
us a place there you should teach
children beyond their age I was arrested
twice
I was shot it wise one time live
ammunition until now I can't run because
I still feel bad but I try not to
transfer my fear my motherhood fear to
the children so they will stay strong so
I told them ok it's ok it's just jail so
you don't have to be scared
I don't want for my children to be weak
here
I don't want them to be afraid being
afraid under occupation you won't be
able to do anything you will lose your
life
the same time I see how they are losing
their childhood I wish that instead of
talking with my children about their
rights if they are arrested about all
the teargas canister about a bullet
instead talking about their hobbies
about what they like to do what they
cannot be in the future keep them
focused on things that any child in the
world
focus on this is another way of
non-violence
it's kind of refusing to die in silence
if I have to die I have to make a big
sound of my death so everybody will hear
about it and will know what and why we
are resisting but in the same time I
don't want to die because my resistance
is about life about hope about dreams
about beautiful future it's not about
this
you cried melody
Hetalia Nakata Hollinshead and Mahalo to
Fullerton day while shield of the
mahadesh didn't hurt but I looked at him
burn
uh-huh Tennessee I'll get into her to
marry her the any karate Bardot gavel
hater sarcolemma startling certification
and Mortimer has a second city theater
Ferengi predictive model health hotel
and I would look memory generally
episode entertainment ahead Emily who
was lovely but I don't want Amaya public
agree with delvis with the somewhat
Helena cristela me look Funkadelic
registered a unified best I so like
Manila the morality Hurley Jack yes it
is
sad inertialess in West cooler over was
hasty reverse equality well my business
she had a bit children it's Karen Hannah
transistors romantic about it school
mother who is a doctor I can feel let me
address one joshan occurrence tech belly
under a humanistic field to move him as
they run the same a variation exam
Abner bootless had D'Amato aside nurse
inmate Asia
abominable best o Muhammad Ali become a
suitable a business hub body bottom
Melba serviceable short motto harem
Batman Abu Musab al mismo le purr - shoo
I have Adela cos I was sober for seven
wonders with the address actor Oh Angelo
have available via but I hope you had a
mr. Hale Wilmer uptick - Coon - hashable
/ surrogate SME delighted with the Holly
ha ha Sabu Charmander
well I am basically mother smokes all
talk to you
my super-hearing Kona girls got a
catalyst right canonical hit me lad
Shalom caribou ha hey Jambu start-up
bullshit Ida
no no Chavez no cover missile arrived
effective no doorman had the Marriott
hold up one about who handles memory - -
aluminum addition to being royalty humor
Egyptian the holy woman want the same
thing tomorrow I wish I'd finally came
to have been hardest accent our bad
Haley bar do listen
and so with our eyes
what I've left area is she telling
nystagmus and I shouldn't worry after
massage me
yeah be a decree issued to me a cat hair
- I - with the hair
hakushi and Schaffer the delicous
charity Ida Laden was in under
anesthesia
yeah never the technical area oh cool
doc endeavor
you
let's look at other people mr. Bixler
and nipples were here
you
Oh
Susheela
let's look at another mixer and you can
forgive
nice instead of still watch
but that was a little sloppy
