salah abdeslam lawyer was in a brussels
chord for the verdict but not his client
Abdeslam in his co-defendants
sophie-anne Ayari had chosen not to
attend the judge sentenced both men to
20 years in prison for attempted murder
during a shootout with the police in the
Belgian capital two years ago the judge
said there was a common will from both
the defendants to belong to a terrorist
group that they joined the aim of this
group was to terrorize the population
the only surviving suspect from the 2015
Paris attacks Abdeslam had been on the
run for four months when Belgian police
raided a house in Brussels and were
fired on by gunmen four police officers
were wounded Abdeslam and I area escaped
a few days later Abdeslam was arrested
in the city soon after attackers
targeted Brussels Airport and Metro
abdeslam's lawyer says he may appeal his
sentence I am not convinced of anything
in this verdict but I will analyze it
with my client this is a verdict I
respected but in my view there are
things to say and we need to see if
Salah Abdeslam wishes to appeal and if
he does we will see what we will do the
Raptor slam decided not to attend the
verdict surprised few people here he was
present only on the first day of his
trial in February calling the process of
fast and refusing to answer questions
that's not a surprise for us from the
first day we understood that he don't
want to participate he's still in spine
do you want to kill there's still in
this mind so we understand that from the
first declaration and we understand that
he will never try to collaborate and to
explain what he did Abdeslam will have
learned to the verdict in France where
he is in prison he is waiting for the
trial into the Paris attacks that is
expected next year any future sentence
will be added to this one what is
unclear is whether Abdeslam will now
break his silence and cooperate with
French investigators Natasha Butler al
Jazeera Brussels Belgium
