this machine should not be operating
these logs should still be standing as
trees most of this land should still be
forest in 2016 Papua New Guinea Supreme
Court ruled that the special
agricultural business lease or si BL
which allowed logging in this part of
the East Pacific region was invalid and
illegal logging did stop for a few
months but it's restarted since the same
is true across the country according to
some there isn't the political will to
enforce logging bans after sa b Elsword
illegal new types of licenses were
issued for the same areas instead in
rural areas many say logging companies
have more sway them the government does
over police and officials basically
paralyzed the public service system so
that those public service systems serve
them rather than the interests of a
nation or its people people here in a
remote part of East New Britain Ireland
say representatives of logging companies
tricked them into signing away the
rights to log their land giving very
little in return
there was no proper clearance with the
local communities at all people weren't
aware of what was going to happen to the
forests and the land locals say
deforestation has taken away a source of
food and traditional medicine they say
that the local weather has changed and
that the loggers leave a barren often
burned landscape in their wake
the logging doesn't just change the way
this landscape looks it completely
changes the way it feels as well it's
cool in there hot out here just two
years ago this entire area was covered
with virgin rainforest now where I've
been walking marks the dividing line
between that forest and the devastation
all around a broader consequence is what
the rapid deforestation means for
Southeast Asia as a whole as the island
of hardwa is the third largest forest
block on the planet and it's the major
regulator of the climate in the South
Pacific but it's well worldwide so with
the loss of forest we have a large
negative impact on the climate the
Malaysian company operating here
you nanhee JA or RH accuses detractors
of trying to stifle PM G's economic
growth it says here in East New Britain
it funds infrastructure upgrades and
provides significant support for
education services and health logging
companies in Papua New Guinea are
certainly a powerful economic force RH
also owns shopping centers hotels and
businesses in IT and media when
al-jazeera first ran a report on PM G's
logging industry in January the
country's main national newspaper ran an
article accusing us of being biased and
politically motivated the article did
not mention that the newspaper it
appeared in is also owned by RH Andrew
Thomas al-jazeera thalia Papua New
Guinea
