people in Gaza are remembering one of
their own Fadi Albert died thousands of
kilometers away though in Malaysia 36th
year of Palestine engineer was a
lecturer at University of Colombo for
the last eight years and an imam at his
local mosque our batch was repeatedly
shot early on Saturday by two attackers
on motorbikes police believe it was a
targeted killing and so the moment he
walked past at about 6:00 a.m. he was
shot meaning they were waiting to kill
him and we saw that there were ten shots
which means that were determined to kill
the victim it means they had a motive to
kill him
a view backed up by the Malaysian Deputy
Prime Minister he was an expert in
rocket building and it's possible that
his death had links with a foreign
intelligence organization back home
Hamas revealed our batch was a member
and hailed him as a martyr blaming
intelligence agency Mossad for his
killing at the party behind the
assassination will pay the price we
cannot ignore the killings of our sons
youths and scholars I can say based on
previous assassinations and killings of
Palestinians scholars and scholars of
the Arab and Islamic nations their
Mossad is capable of committing a
disgraceful terrible crime like this
their God willing will be an unsettled
account between a sunette israel's
defense minister quickly dismissed
Hannah's accusation avid or Liebman said
the engineer was no saint and he was
working to improve the accuracy of
rockets fired from Gaza aimed at Israel
Liebman said he was killed as part of an
internal Palestinian dispute Mossad has
been repeatedly accused of killing Hamas
members aboard a Palestine drone expert
mohammed al Zawahri were shot in tunisia
two years ago back in 2010 hamas
commander mahmoud al mah who was killed
in a hotel in dubai Mossad was suspected
and Hamas political chief Khalid
Michelle survived when poison was
sprayed into his ear in Jordan 11 years
ago the police investigation in kuala
lumpur continues an autopsy is currently
being completed in
Gaza and the occupied Palestinian
territories threats of revenge are
increasing Hanna hawkster al-jazeera
