the wait is over inspectors with the
organization for the prohibition of
chemical weapons given access to the
area of the alleged chemical attack in
Duma samples were collected but delayed
access to the site is raising questions
about the quality of the evidence and
whether Syria or Russia cleared the
scene the visit comes a week after OPCW
inspectors first arrived in Syria the US
and France have accused Russia of
blocking the investigation to buy time
foreign minister Lavrov who is who's a
master of making these types of
arguments I mean he would get up and
stand in front of you for hours and tell
you that it well it could just as
equally be a you know Martians landing
from a flying saucer you don't know that
and you know it it's the kind of logic
which says you know if they offer an
alternative explanation which you can't
prove is wrong then that tends to you
know whittle away at the more dominant
argument more than 40 people reportedly
died in a suspected chemical attack on
April 7th the u.s. France and the UK
retaliated by bombing several Syrian
government sites Russia and Syria have
denied the use of chemical weapons they
also deny hindering the investigation
once the samples of the suspected
chemical attack are analyzed inspectors
will submit their report to the States
Parties to the Chemical Weapons
Convention depending on the findings
inspectors could make a second visit to
duma katya la posada yong al jazeera
