pinkey ding marcos baby on pillar is
feverish she inhaled teargas when police
and protesters clashed but health
workers in public hospitals are on
strike and on pillar can't get help
pinky went to her mother's house in the
city to give birth because life is more
difficult in the rural area where she
lives
I can't take my church to cause enough
mannan I'm not working yeah
the counselors and these political
things they promised a specialist that
they drop deliver you understand they
tell people that they will give people
their houses and give people jobs when
the jobs come from the government they
take their people how frustrations are
shared by many people in this region
that's why they took to the streets
early on in the week they want better
public services from the local
government houses and jobs they also
want the provincial leader to step down
saying he's failed to do his job
there are also corruption allegations
president cyril ramaphosa says he needs
time to hold more talks with aggrieved
communities and the provincial leaders
life is returning to normal in mine but
many shops remain closed
people say they will wait for the
outcome of consultations the President
had asked for but they also tell us that
they are impatient for answers and would
wait too long though many of the
grievances are genuine the protests
turned violent
rowdy mobs vandalized buildings and
looted I don't know just to come traders
like a clay luan Toro are devastated
everything in his shop was a the stolen
orb and this was his home - I don't know
what I can do
no I'm there hopeless you can't see
what's happening
I don't have money to renovate this
thing this is not easy to renovate it's
not easy you cannot replace with nothing
some people say politics and targeted
revenge attacks got in the way of what
was supposed to be peaceful
demonstrations pinky ding Marco and her
family tell us this is the result of
pent-up anger Catherine soy al Jazeera
mahi Kang South Africa
