it was called the march of the candles
thousands of people on the streets
protesting against a rise in utility
rates in the last month media marina a
local resident says the situation is
getting worse each day it's always the
same thing it's us the workers who are
struggling to make ends meet who have to
pay the price of the government's
austerity measures this needs to stop
now
Argentina's got used to generous
subsidies on services like water
electricity and gas during the previous
administration of Cristina Fernandez de
Kirchner the current government of
Mauricio Macri says that Argentina has
the lowest prices on services in the
region and that it needs to cut back on
government spending to reduce the
deficit and attract foreign investment
but people here say that they simply
cannot pay the bills an example of
what's been going on can be found here
at La Befana
it is a pizza restaurant that was turned
into a cooperative in 2012 when the
owner decided to close down 15 people to
cover the restaurant and are splitting
the profit but now they're concerned
about the rising electricity bill which
has gone up from $60 a month to 850 in
the last two years
ec fo sho porque so it was a shock
especially for us we struggled so much
to keep this restaurant open we wanted
to paint it and fix it all that money we
had was used to pay the electricity bill
this forces us to raise our prices so
less people are coming in we are afraid
of being forced to shut down because we
cannot pay the rent
the hiking utility services has an
impact on inflation that remains one of
the highest in the world the government
says it is hoping to bring it down to
15% this year but most analysts believe
it could be much higher if the same
inflation rate we had during the
previous government and a similar
physical deficit we have to control the
prices by force because if not they will
spiral out of control the historical
problems of the economy are the same so
it's not clear to me how the government
expects to get the economy in order the
government insists inflation will go
down later this year and the hiking
utility services is necessary for the
country to grow burn the streets many
have lost confidence that the so called
economic prosperity may come at their
expense
Paris agua al Jazeera by Osiris
