there were some clashes between
protesters and police but overall the
march in Paris was peaceful public
sector workers and students were united
and anger against the government's plans
to reform public services and
universities they say the changes would
reduce their rights at my pron will
fight for our beliefs we may not win but
we won't surrender
we support the rail workers and the
social movement
there's too much injustice we have to
mobilize people against the president's
reforms it was a similar picture in some
other cities across france including
Marseille and Lyon the government wants
to overhaul the national rail company or
SNCF which is deep in debt and scrapped
some staff benefits rail workers say
that's unfair that the benefits of
compensation for unsociable hours and
low pay the government needs to stop
treating us like fools by saying that
they are open to dialogue each time the
President or a Minister speaks they say
we are ready to talk about everything
but we won't change our mind
that's not our concept of dialogue the
French president says that these reforms
are necessary to reduce high
unemployment cut debt and create
opportunities but he must convince the
French public of his agenda which is why
over the past few days he has been on
something of a charm offensive Michels
given to rare television interviews and
on Wednesday in eastern France he spoke
to protesting rail workers I respect
people and have always respected the
rail workers have never insulted the
rail workers we need this reform dear
since they've needed some analysts say
the protests are mackerels biggest
political test since being elected
nearly a year ago back down on his
reforms because if he backs down in
front of the strikers from the railway
company it's over for him he cannot
reform anything else a recent opinion
poll suggests the tide is turning in
Macross favour with more people
supporting the reforms than the strikes
but that's unlikely to deter trade union
leaders rail workers are promising
rolling
oink's for several months a few people
here intend to give up their fight
anytime soon
Latasha baccala al jazeera Paris
