hunting rebels in the jungle Colombia
had hopes these days were over Colombian
and Ecuadorian forces are searching for
a rebel known as Gaucho and an estimated
500 fighters loyal to his group a
spinoff from the Revolutionary Armed
Forces of Colombia or fuck gacho seen
here refused to get behind the 2016
peace deal with Colombia that ended
nearly 50 years of fighting the middle
rank commander is one of 1,200 FARC
linked rebels still waging war with the
government this is an effort of
persistence we may not find Gaucho today
but it could be tomorrow or the day
after tomorrow in a week or two we're
not going to rest or stop this offensive
the manhunt began last Friday after
Gauchos group kidnapped civilians the
government released this proof-of-life
video of the husband and wife on Tuesday
last month two Ecuadorian journalists
and their driver were also kidnapped
their families appealed to gaucho for
their release unsuccessfully the
Ecuadorian government says they're dead
the military are trying to recover their
bodies we have our armed forces and also
Colombian Armed Forces on the other side
of the border this generates greater
security and each time the area of
influence of the Gauchos being reduced
but on the political level the violence
has become too much for Ecuador beside
FARC dissidents like Gaucho
there's the ELN Colombia's last rebel
army Ecuador has been hosting peace
talks to get them to follow FARC into
disarmament after 14 months of
negotiations it hasn't worked ELN rebels
continue to stage attacks I have asked
the foreign minister of Ecuador to put
the brakes on the conversations and put
the brakes on our role as guarantor of
the peace process while the ELN does not
commit to ending terrorist actions on
Wednesday Colombia arrested one of
gacho's commanders for Cente Pascal
the mission to find his boss on the
Colombia Ecuador border is proving more
difficult both governments say they want
negotiations and a peace deal but for
now it's guns that are doing the talking
Charlotte Bellis al-jazeera
