tall serious efficient and above all
discreet rising up the Communist Party's
ranks from the bottom 57 year-old Miguel
Diaz canal is making history he's done
it in part by never ever having tried to
outshine or question Fidel or Raul
Castro as others once earmarked as their
successors learned the hard way and I
think they also feel he's extremely
loyal extremely patriotic that he
actually genuinely believes in the Cuban
Revolution as the Communist Party
secretary of his home province of
vehicle ara Diaz canal earned a
reputation for being open-minded the men
whom he is a hangout for young people
including gays lesbians transsexuals and
punks
Diaz canal was by their side in the
1990s when alternative lifestyles were
severely frowned on even after he rose
to the top every time he came to Santa
Clara one of the first things they do is
come see us at the min Hong hey he's the
same unassuming humble person maybe so
but in most of Cuba people know very
little about the first man in six
decades who will rule this island whose
name is not Castro in fact he was the
only candidate in the vote by the
National Assembly on Wednesday we asked
this man what he thought of the
selection process let my silence speak
for itself it's the silence of many
Cubans those who may be expecting a
major shift will clearly be disappointed
we are encouraging reaffirming and
consolidating continuity which is very
important for the defense of the
Revolution which today is being
threatened and attacked by a
relationship with the u.s. that has
deteriorated the truth is that this
canal has been chosen not to reform but
to improve Cuban socialism if he can and
while he does represent a generation
younger than that of the Castro's he
will have to answer to a power much
higher than his own the Cuban Communist
Party you see in human al Jazeera Havana
