the message from the special envoy that
a resumption of political dialogue is
essential and he maintains that all
parties in the conflict that he spoken
to in the past four weeks agree but the
portrait too of a nation on knife edge
one in which a single violent event
could consume attempts at conciliation
our concern is simple that these are
that any of these developments would at
a single stroke take piece off the table
the US ambassador picked up on her
recurrent theme that Iran is waging a
proxy war in the region through the
Houthi opposition in December she
displayed the fragments of missiles
fired at Saudi targets that she
maintained were supplied by Iran and
this year escorted the entire Security
Council to view what she described as
evidence the Houthis didn't just figure
out on their own had a build and fire
ballistic missiles more than a thousand
kilometers to hit the Saudi capital Iran
is supporting them this council taking
action to stop the flow of arms to the
Houthis would be a step forward helping
to resolve this war in his response to
Russian ambassador pointed out that
civilians on both sides of the Saudi
Yemen border were under threat
Koen frantically condemns indiscriminate
strikes whose victims are civilians we
also categorically reject ballistic
missile strikes against populated areas
on Saudi Arabia soil all Security
Council members though United on the
need for dialogue and welcoming the
special representatives pledged to
deliver a framework within two months
there's one cause for optimism the
Houthi opposition boycotted talks with
the previous special representative
accusing him of bias but it appears
willing to engage with the man who's
just been appointed the UN's
humanitarian chief warned that the
coming rains could herald a massive
cholera outbreak and asked all parties
inside and outside Yemen to allow
greater access for food and medical
supplies the stark fact facing the
council that while political
resolution remains in limbo more than 8
million people in Yemen are facing
famine Mike Hanna al Jazeera United
Nations
