the Bosnian Muslim village of POD Goro
was within sniper range of the frontline
during the war of the early 90s the
scars and memories from those days still
haunted they have a simple message for
the politicians standing in these
elections you've been lying to us for
years no party is welcome in pod Kura am
dia solok was distilling plum brandy
with friends when we came to talk to him
he said he was looking for a job in
Germany young people are deserting
villages like his 40% of them are
unemployed nationwide what CPP wouldn't
it smoke today 23 years after the war we
are still inexplicably isolated we are
forgotten like we're in the middle of
nowhere the whole village is indignant
the sewage system is breaking down and
they get all their water from pipes
coated with asbestos time and again
they've been promised new roads if that
all been fulfilled these dirt tracks
would now be a metre thick in concrete
distrust in the whole political process
here is now at a record high seven out
of every ten registered voters believe
these elections will be neither free nor
fair Bosnia's political system is one of
the most complex anywhere in the world
it ended the war but virtually
guaranteed a failing state there are a
dizzying array of candidates Bosnian
Croat and Serb 128 political entities 53
parties and 36 coalition's at all levels
of government the process has been
hijacked by political parties is
controlled by the political parties and
even those regulatory institutions that
are supposed to ensure that there is an
integrity in the whole process are
largely under control of political
parties and to complicate matters even
more the leader of the Serbian entity
inside the country is actually calling
for its independence citing the heritage
of the convicted war criminal
Radovan car
we also must not fail our first leaders
starting with mr. Karadzic who believed
he and the people he led needed to build
a republic a Srpska to be an independent
country election monitors in Sarajevo
say they have observed a record number
of irregularities including bribes
blackmail and threats to voters they
described the situation as chaotic
failure to update polling records also
means the dead will again be rising from
their graves to vote whoever wins the
people say they will lose again
David Chater al Jazeera Sarajevo
