they move to britain more than half a
century ago but now some members of the
so called Windrush generation are facing
possible deportation but why with the
government apologizing and promising an
investigation will that be enough this
is inside story
hello and welcome to the program today
with me Peter Dhabi now they are called
the wind rush generation that's a
reference to a ship the empire wind rush
that carried the first wave of
immigrants from the West Indies to the
UK in 1948 many arrived as children on
their parents passports and they've
lived in the UK for more than 70 years
paying taxes and insurance but they've
never formally become British citizens
now as the government tightens its
immigration rules those without the
proper documentation are being denied
services and they are even facing
deportation some are calling a cruel and
inhumane treatment we have a lot to get
to grips with here on the program today
first this report from Barnaby Philips
from London he came to Britain from
Barbados when he was nine years old more
than 50 years ago his father had a job
in the post office
Michael married in Britain had children
grandchildren worked in education
thought he was British until the
government told him he didn't have the
right documents he lost his job as he
fought for the right to stay here if I
was deported I didn't know what I would
do to take someone out and just throw
them out like if they had no no worse
because that is what they're doing you
know it's about worth what you're what
you've produced or what you've done to
help Britain be the best better place
than it was the so-called Windrush
generation named after a ship that
carried the first arrivals from the
Caribbean in 1948 invited to Britain
given citizenship it's many of the
children who traveled with their parents
who are now facing difficulties some
have been caught out by strict new laws
specifying documents they need to prove
how long they've been here this route
could not have blown up at a more
embarrassing time for the British
government the very week in which it
hosts the Commonwealth summit in which
it's busy emphasizing its friendship
with former colonies as it prepares to
leave the EU
ministers told Parliament they're trying
to repair the damage with a special team
to help the Windrush generation a
promise to resolve their cases quickly
free of charge although the government
isn't sure whether some people have
already been deported in error can she
tell the house how many have been
detained as prisoners in their own
country can she tell the house how many
have been denied health under the
National Health Service
how many have denied ventures how many
have lost their jobs this is a day of
national shame Mr Speaker I shared
vulnerability ssin for the people who
came here from the Caribbean and
contributed so much to our society in
many many different ways and that
admiration remains in place I am
concerned that the Home Office is coming
has become too concerned with policy and
strategy and sometimes lose sight of the
individual but who is in charge of the
Home Office when these new stricter
policies were being designed yes today's
Prime Minister Teresa made so as the
public outcry grows there's now a
political as well as moral imperative to
treat the Windrush generation fairly
Barnaby Philips al-jazeera London well
the British prime minister syriza may
who we saw in Barnaby's package there
today apologized to several Caribbean
leaders over this Windrush controversy
the leaders are in London as we've been
hearing for chaga minutes the
Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting
now here's a little taste of what misses
me said today I take this issue very
seriously the Holy Secretary apologized
the House of Commons yesterday for any
today okay there we are here we go let's
get the thoughts of our guests today
here on Inside Story joining us from
London is Sally dalian CEO of praxis now
that's an organization that provides
assistance to people affected by the
Windrush controversy joining us from
Nottingham is Clive Foster a member of
the Nottingham citizens group welcome to
you both
Clive can you just walk us through what
your family's experience of this was
well I'm also a pastor of a local church
in Nottingham and just this past Sunday
we spoke to our congregation with
regards to what is happening that
potentially people from the Caribbean
who have been in this country for over
30 40 50 years potentially could be
deported I'm sad to say that there was
real outrage disbelief at this injustice
I did have members of our congregation
coming up to me and other ministers in
the church were receiving people who
were very concerned about this and it
was obviously in the news and we have a
situation where people who my own family
my own father and mother they came from
Jamaica they came and they came because
they were invited they came and they my
mother she worked in the NHS and came
and built up the NHS after World War two
my father worked in the factories and to
think that they came over and I was born
in this country but my other brothers
came over as siblings and then having
them working for so many years to know
that their own legitimate citizens
potentially were being told that they
could be deported
it was very very concerning and very
heartbreaking and I must say and there
are a number of people who were still
very concerned about their own situation
there has been this apology from Teresa
may the British prime minister formerly
the Home Secretary because the rules
were tightened when she was at the Home
Office back in 2012 for you and the
people you've been talking to is an
apology and a taskforce
being set up to counter this is that
enough I do welcome the Prime Minister's
apology I have to say obviously it did
require pressure from ordinary people
pressure from certain MPs very
disappointed that we weren't seeing so
many MPs actually coming out because as
I mentioned in our own local church
we've we've been battling with this for
years and we've gone to our MPs and then
they have been put back because they say
well the Home Office has said such and
such and as a result they don't persist
with it
so something that we are very concerned
about great that they've set up a task
force great that we have an apology but
these are people's lives who have been
affected they have lost their jobs that
have lost their income they've lost
their dignity and I think we really need
to be looking into that in terms of
compensation and the respect that should
be afforded to them sally dalian in
London why are we only finding out about
this now because if you've got people
who are in their forties their 50s I
guess also their 60s if this is
presenting itself because they don't
have the right paperwork why is it taken
so long for that to happen well I think
that's an interesting question we've
been working for people over the last
three years or so now who've been having
these difficulties more and more people
are emerging in these situations because
different changes are coming in that the
Home Office or the government has
introduced for example that people are
expected to provide documentation before
they can access health care that there
are new landlord checks to make sure
that people have got the right to rent a
property and these people came when
these sorts of checks weren't in place
they didn't have the kind of paperwork
that's now being required in fact the
government introduced a requirement to
have these biometric residence permits
and it's been incredibly difficult for
people to get them and often because
they don't have the original documents
they arrived on what's what's happened
effect is that the world has changed
around these residents and what's
required now is totally different from
what was required when they arrived and
when they try and sort out this matter
with the home office it's really
complicated the home office starts from
a position of not believing so there's
this culture of disbelief people are
treated with a lack of respect they're
treated with disdain and they're
required to provide evidence that
frankly in some cases doesn't exist or
is just excessive
so no less than one piece of official
documentary evidence for every year that
someone's been in the UK but preferably
four pieces of documentary evidence so
the task of trying to actually research
and gather that information to prove to
the Home Office that you have status and
actually what's happening is that that
people have been falling individually
into this great black hole so as a
charity we've been supporting people who
have become Street homeless people who
have been refused healthcare or who have
been given health care and then given a
very large bill and the fact that they
can't pay the bill then goes on to their
immigration record so people have had
doors closed in their in their face
trying to sort it out is really
difficult you need legal help and
there's no legal aid available so if
people can't pay for a lawyer then
they're really stuck even right just
just to put that points and lead back to
Clive for a second if I could just
interrupt you Clive is that a story
you're hearing that people have got to
go back and the onus is on them to prove
their Britishness I mean at to talk
about age again if you're in your 40s or
your 50s you know who has the paperwork
going back to doing your 11 plus in the
UK when you're 11 years old few of us
have that anyway and that is what is
most concerning about this is that the
burden of proof is on the individual to
prove they're Britishness when well look
they are that they are legitimate
British citizens and they had the right
to remain and what is very concerning is
that we're finding that people they are
now very concerned about their elderly
relatives this goes wider than what's
being even reported in the media and I
have to say as well that this is not
just affecting and I really want to make
this point this is not just affecting
people who are threatened with
deportation because they're at the age
of 30 40 50 or whatever it's very senior
people but what what I'm very concerned
about is the dynamic that it's causing
between the generations as well
we have younger people now who here see
and they know that potentially their
grandparents parents could be deported
and it's creating an uneasiness is
creating a breakdown and a trust as well
so I think there is a wider implications
with this yes we need to focus on the
people who are going to be immediately
affected but even as a a church we're
having to pick up the emotional damage
that this is doing for people in this
country younger families as well who are
affected by it as well as people are
brought some of these people being
threatened that they've never been back
to the country for years and they are
British citizens they've come they've
worked
they've labored they're paid into the
the taxes they've paid their national
insurance and then there's this
indignity to say that you may be
threatened to be deported very concerned
that the threshold level as our
colleague has mentioned is the burden is
back on them and more needs to be done
with the government and I really want to
see that that we can get some legitimacy
in terms of that the burden of proof is
not with them and that this task force
would be looking at this area and Sally
also to pick up on that point the
clients making there I mean people were
handed a pamphlet saying try to be
Jamaican I mean that's like saying try
to be Martian try to be French try to be
Canadian because you're saying to
British people oh just stick a pin in
the globe and try and be that person
from that country when you've never been
there the whole thing is incredulous and
you know the Home Office and the
government can't say that they weren't
aware that this was going to happen
because many organizations have been
warning for years that the introduction
of this so-called hostile environment
would lead to this situation that people
are being requested to provide evidence
that they don't have which never existed
I know there is an obligation on the
government under human rights
legislation and under equalities
legislation that when it introduces a
policy it should look at whether it's
going to differentially affect a
particular group of people and to then
make arrangements to make sure that
people are not disadvantaged it's only
this week that the government has been
shamed into admitting that it has done
something wrong and I think the Prime
Minister has publicly apologized today
for anxiety cause well let's say this
goes a lot further than anxiety this is
about taking away people's homes about
leaving people homeless and on the
streets literally eating out of bins in
some cases and who've been unable to
find any redress and actually getting in
touch with the Home Office to try and
sort things out as we've heard a number
of politicians and ministers say just
get in touch with the Home Office it's
almost impossible to get through on the
telephone you can make a request to the
Home Office to see your file and to know
whether the home office has in fact
recorded your leave to remain it will
take generally a minimum of six months
to get any sort of response from the
Home Office so meanwhile people are left
in these really difficult situations so
I think it's not just about this
windless generation it's about some
broader issues the way the home office
works and this creation of the climate
of fear and a culture of disbelief okay
picking up climb on that point of broad
Changez if you have ever examined if one
has ever examined house a metro
metropolitan police force the London
police force go into areas of race or
racial tension I guess their starting
point for that would be what the Brixton
riots in 1981 we got the Scarman report
off the back of that but between 1981
going back the way there were two
generations of the Windrush adults the
Windrush children that had arrived in in
a very different London a very different
UK not least because of say the police
force attitude towards immigrants in the
UK because after World War Two surely
you had the police force was run by old
white senior guys who hadn't gone to war
literally or young white junior guys who
had gone to war but brought back certain
attitudes with them so the attitudes do
they still have to change a lot of work
has to be done to ensure that there is
equality there is justice and there is
fairness particularly from black and
Asian people particularly from people
who are Commonwealth citizens who were
citizens of this country I go back to my
own mother and father were invited to
come over to the country they laboured
legitimately they worked in the NHS in
the factories on the transport services
and then finding now that they are
threatened not them in particularly but
we we are in a situation today that they
are potentially threatened with with
deportation from the Caribbean
legitimate it's really really unhelpful
and I want to pick up on the point that
our colleague made in terms of some of
the anxieties we've had people we've got
people who were I know that we've dealt
with in our own church young people who
have been sent to detention centers and
people existing in this who were caught
in this loop they have been threatened
with some of them have been to detention
centers such as the indignity of this in
the way that had been treated now you
talk about
the police and I want to frame it in an
overall we have to look at the overall
dignity and respect that should be
afforded to communities particularly
from I'm speaking now from the black
community who have come over and labored
and are entitled as citizens to be
present here and should be treated any
differently from anybody else Sally on
that idea of let's just put that idea to
sandy Danny and Sally on that idea of
dignity and respect at 1953 1955 1957
consecutive British Home Secretary's
commissioned big reports and they all
kind of said the same thing which was
this they said we cannot tell whether
ethnic minorities in the UK are not
integrating because they choose not to
or because they're not being allowed to
so if if compassion within a migration
policy is a prerequisite how do you
codify that how do you make sure it
actually happens I think you know
compassion humanity and respect have to
be there in in any policy that doesn't
mean that you can't make decisions about
a government as a government about who
should or shouldn't be allowed to enter
the country the problem we have now is
that the system starts by assuming that
everyone is out to abuse the system and
there's been no flexibility no regard
for individual circumstances there's
been no humanity in it and this has been
raised on numerous occasions and most
recently I think by the Law Society of
of England who commented on the fact
that 50% of home-office immigration
appeals are upheld and in many cases
it's because the home office has acted
unlawfully and is very very reluctant to
actually admit that it's made mistakes
and people are forced through the court
system and now that's if they can't if
they can afford legal support and legal
representation so I think there are lots
of ideas and ways of
doing it it's about there are issues
about excuse me
policy process training but at the
bottom at the root of it all there is
something about attitude and the
leadership hasn't been there in terms of
saying we want to have a fair system
instead the leadership has been sending
out vehicles to go around the streets of
London threatening that people will be
deported we currently have a detention
system that is absolutely scandalous we
can detain people in immigration
sentences without limit for people who
are detained they say it's worse than
prison at least any prisoner anyone who
has committed any crime knows how long
they will be held in custody and in the
UK detention system there is no time
limit there is no automatic judicial
oversight and people are literally
abandoned quite if we just fast forward
for a second to where we are today so
many cities and towns in the UK are
multicultural they are multi-ethnic and
everyone has the right paperwork I mean
there are 130 languages in London to run
40 nationalities but do you get the
feeling that perhaps the West Indian
community back in the 50s back in the
60s behaved with a sense of deference to
the system to the police to the Home
Office so they maybe didn't shout about
this when their critics might say they
should have well they believed and had
the full assurances that they were
British citizens they came over here in
that good faith worked in that good
faith brought up their families in good
faith were active and good citizens in
good faith and would have expected so
much more than what were actually seen
played out today if this was to be told
you you you wouldn't you couldn't
believe it I have to say that what we
are finding in our
communities is that people are much more
even more aware of the importance now of
engaging in civil society and actually
understanding that they have rights as
well and with these rights like
appealing to our local authority
appealing to our local councils
appealing to our MPs as I mentioned
earlier in our own church we've had
members who have been subject to these
really kind of draconian home-office
laws and as a result of that we've had
to lobby MPs we've had to lobby the the
authorities to get justice and I think
what we are beginning to see now and
unfortunately it's reached a situation
that we have today whereby legitimate
British citizens from the Caribbean
would be threatened with deportation
that there is a more of a widespread now
acceptance in recognition that unless we
come together and act and work together
for justice we could very easily be
splitting into a situation where in
justices are being done to and the black
community that's why it's important that
we have so many activities that are
happening that promote equality fairness
and justice and that's why it's
important that you know the black
community continue to engage with the
authorities to make sure that if they
are facing these situations they are
challenged and that something is done
about it and I'm hoping that the task
force will really alleviate some of the
fears and apprehensions that still exist
okay around this issue last word to you
Sally in our last 60 seconds or so I
noticed the number 10 websites got a
petition talking about an amnesty a
hundred and thirty five thousand people
have signed that that means in theory
there will be a debate in the House of
Commons do you get the feeling that
putting that together with the apology
from the prime minister she used to be
the Home Secretary this is arguably her
handiwork her her responsibility that we
might be heading towards a better
implementation of immigration policy as
opposed to the actual statutes that the
immigration policy operates within I
think it's really important that we use
this as a turning point to look at
immigration system overall at the moment
Caribbean residents are in the spotlight
but other people are also suffering
other people are being denied treatment
to which they're they're entitled or
having their residents questioned so I
think what's really important now is the
detail of what comes I think it's very
easy for the government to talk about
you know a fairness and it's setting up
a task force but let's look at the
reality let's look at the system that's
going to be proposed let's look at
making sure that we enable individuals
to have access to a legal advice to
support them through this system let's
make sure that the government actually
takes on the responsibility for helping
people in this situation to have the
right documentation and that it really
does shift the burden of proof from the
individual who has done no wrong okay
need to talk about amnesties because
people haven't done anything wrong okay
we will have to leave it there thank you
to both our guests today salad onion and
Clive Foster and thank you to you two
for your company you can see the program
again anytime via the website Alta zero
calm and do check out our Facebook page
facebook.com forward slash AJ inside
story you can also join the conversation
on Twitter
AJ inside story or at Peter w1 from me
Peter Dhabi and the team here in Doha
thanks for watching see you soon bye bye
you
