including 350 children and more than 60
women are currently in Israeli prisons
more than 400 are being held without
charge or trial and a so-called
administrative detention according to
rights groups 1,800 prisoners are in
need of medical care 700 of them suffer
from serious and chronic conditions
since Israel began its military
occupation of the West Bank in Gaza in
1967 it's imprisoned more than 800,000
Palestinians Harry faucet has a story
from Ramallah as the day designated the
Palestinian prisoners began their
numbers swelled by another 13 in the
early hours of Tuesday Israeli soldiers
made arrests across the occupied West
Bank including this one in a refugee
camp near Ramallah yes sir Abdel mu
son's brother was detained the house
ransacked in a hunt for weapons
they arrested him on prisoners day he
spent 20 years in jail he got married
less than a year ago they haven't got
any evidence against him Israel says
such raids are integral to its security
but for Palestinians they represent the
unchecked power of an occupying force
six and a half thousand Palestinians are
currently in Israeli jails of those a
little over a thousand of serving terms
from 20 years to life which usually
signifies a conviction for killing or
injuring an Israeli
that leaves five and a half thousand
jailed on lesser charges or none at all
most of these cases are talking about
either political affiliation or public
disorder like sharing in any
demonstration is a crime writing a
slogan writing in your Facebook page is
considered an incitement Palestinians in
the occupied West Bank is subject to
Israel's military court system and its
conviction rate of 99.7% it also holds
the power to imprison without charge
known as administrative detention Israel
says the system under which it's holding
500 Palestinians prevents attacks and
protects the identities of informants
Salim Dada sowwy spent ten years in
administrative detention but not all at
once that he says is its power you're
never sure that you're free when you
leave you think of the next time you
be administratively detained no one
leaves administrative detention before
the intelligence officer gives him the
talk threatening him and making sure he
thinks if the next time there have been
plenty of next times for Mohammad Taha
and his family in the early hours of
Monday morning his 21 year old son was
arrested for a third time
they could have knocked but they broke
in by force they want to intimidate us
Muhammad's wife Nita says it's the 13th
raid since last June when three men from
their village killed an Israeli security
forces member in occupied East Jerusalem
she says she's taken to sleeping in her
clothes in the expectation of the next
one Harry Fawcett al Jazeera in the
occupied West Bank
