for decades water has run through these
channels to irrigate crops not this year
the once lush green fields have been
baked by the scourging Sun most farmers
left but not Marissa who's been
cultivating the land here since the dam
opened 30 years ago mukombo Morgan Eva
who not seen anything like this before
it was so sudden some will never recover
this year we didn't cultivate ten
percent of what we used to because of
water shortage is that the wall to get
water for his crops but it's not enough
experts say although there's been an
increase in rainfall in the region over
the past 10 years
there's also been a rise in temperatures
last year and up to this moment the rate
at which water is lost is increasing
that is high rate of evaporation so it's
not surprising that physically that dam
is been subjected to high data wave
operation but that is not the only
problem the dam has not been properly
managed if there is the glade region of
that dam of course we couldn't have a as
feeling this kind of problem small
islands have sprung up right in the
middle of the dam this reservoir holds
only 10% of its 1 billion cubic meters
of water with some 2 million people
depend on for their drinking water
fishing and farming the impact of the
receding waters is felt 70 kilometers
away water treatment plants that purify
the dams water to supply households
aren't getting much of it our streams
have dried up we experience a lot of
difficulty because the wood the little
hoe type will lose from all the intake
down to all the works and from biota not
sufficient enough to cut off of the town
so the state government had already
secured water tanks for us
the trucks distribute water to homes in
major towns but many communities are
forced to rely on unsafe sources guarana
dam relies on runoff waters to fill it
but sediments from surface water
built up and dredging will cost millions
of dollars for now there is no place
from the government to spend that sort
of money
Hamid Idris al Jazeera were on you
