we're turning now to dispatches from
what they call the virtual war zone a
story about the perils of online
journalism reporters have always had to
defend their work but the trolling of
journalists has grown commonplace and
many female media professionals are
dealing with the kind of hate messages
that men will never see comments about
their gender appearance sexuality the
language can be ugly and violent threats
of sexual assaults and rape have grown
disturbingly common because for trolls
hiding behind an online profile is not
difficult and the anonymity of social
media has made the dissemination of
abuse and hate as easy as a simple click
the listening post spoke with two
journalists Maria Reza in the
Philippines and Sagarika Ghosh in India
about their experience with online
harassment and the impact it has had on
their work and their well-being
also talking us through this story
Hannah Storm the director of an
organization that trains reporters on
how to stay safe both on and off the web
I used to be a war zone correspondent
but in a war zone you know where the
enemy is you know what you need to
prepare for you know how to stay safe in
this new landscape this is intimate you
take it home with you
you wake up with it it's with you all
the time I've been attacked as a
communist operative a CIA every kind of
word that you can think of for ugly for
animals for I don't know I mean you name
it I've it's been thrown at me as a
journalist I'm used to defending the
work I do but how do you respond when
someone threatens you with rape when
someone wants you dead you're inundated
with a barrage of hate of vitriol words
calling you things like prostitute ooh a
whore or hooker with somebody else's sex
slave that they're going to do things to
you that are really sexually explicit
women journalists had three times more
likely to experience online harassment
than their male colleagues people are
trying to shame them into silence by
calling their names by undermining the
reputation and by trying to violate
their role as journalists in August of
rapper came out with a series of stories
I called it the propaganda machine that
series showed you that social media has
been weaponized that accounts that are
that are in the middle of this the
content creators are working for
government and it was all connected to
anyone who questioned the drug war as
soon as the series was published I
started receiving an average of 98
messages per hour I'll read one to you
is that alright so this one this one
this is from a real real kid
maybe Maria Reza's dream is to the
I'm the ultimate porn star in a gangbang
scene so it's not but it's there second
one is um make sure Maria Russell gets
publicly raped to death when martial law
expands to Jean it would bring joy in my
heart it's meant to tear you down so
that you don't have the confidence to
continue reporting that's one and then
the second is to make you doubt yourself
to stop you from reporting stories that
go against the government narrative all
of that is just a day-to-day rubbish and
horror that female journalists have to
experience but it's not just virtual
it's very much physical it's very much
psychological as well a lot of the
journalists who are killed around the
world get threats online so certainly
the physical and the virtual do collide
one of the issues for news organizations
is trying to understand the severity of
the threat and that's often a difficult
issue when you've got an online
harassment or got online threats to
figure out how serious do you need to
take it in the beginning I never used to
take it seriously because I thought it
was just you know people barking on
social media I lunatics on social media
or crazy people who I didn't have to
take seriously but then I started
getting some very serious threats
one of the first threats that I got was
a threat of gang rape and it was gang
rape of me as well as my daughter who
was then in school and they said we know
where your daughter studies we know
which school she's in we know what time
she comes out of school and we're going
to grab her and we are going to assault
her and we are going to perform gang
rape you see what happens is that the
person puts out a threat and then
deletes the account but having deleted
the account lots of other angles then
take it up and disseminate it so it's
purpose is served because it creates a
kind of chilling effect you get very
scared you tend to sort of self censor
because you're scare and what is out
there the IWM f i troll Busters report
that came out recently said that
something like 30 percent or female
journalist they spoke with had
considered leaving the profession
because of the impact it had on them
something like forty percent of female
journalists have actually stopped
writing about certain stories if we're
in a situation where journalists are
impacted on to this extent that's really
really damaging to freedom of expression
as well and then the threads kept on
growing and they kept getting more and
more abusive and more and more foul if
you're a liberal you're under attack if
you're a journalist you're under attack
if you're a liberal woman journalist
you're public enemy number one there are
women who are attacked on social media
who are then attacked off social media
the threats can be online and then go
offline my colleague and good friend
Gauri Lankesh was actually shot in
September 2017 and a Facebook user put
out a hit list of me and four other
women saying that when one has been
taken care of
we now need to locate these five other
women find out where they live and we
need to systematically finish them off
and this wasn't shared by numerous other
Facebook users now the reason why I take
these Facebook and Twitter threats
seriously
is because you know this is exactly what
happened to Marrakech
she faced social media threats and she
never used to take it seriously but the
fact is she was killed you know and the
scary thing about Gauri's death this is
the murder suspect I said that oh I
didn't know who she was I was just told
that she was damaging my religion and so
I kill love so that's the level of
brainwashing and fanaticism that exists
out there I don't think the government
is doing anything about it actually I
think a number of these trolls were
there on social media are actually
followed by government ministers I think
social media companies need to do much
more I would love it if people were
engaging with me and my journalism all
were engaging with me on my work but if
it becomes a place for death threats and
for rape threats and for gang rape
threats then I think it loses its
meaning social media companies need to
have much stricter restrictions on what
is hate speech what is hate speech
against women what is hate speech
against minorities the problem that I've
seen is that they are in Silicon Valley
looking at the world through lenses that
don't take into account the global
landscape they operate in when I hear
Mark Zuckerberg say you know it'll take
us five years I I just say you know we
don't have five years in our countries
where people are getting killed every
day in the Philippines where I have
seven cases and could go to jail
information is the core of our beliefs
of our common reality and we need to get
back to a point where this kind of
dystopian use of information is
mitigated
you
