he came to Britain from Barbados when he
was 9 years old more than 50 years ago
his father had a job in the post office
michael married in britain had children
grandchildren worked in education
thought he was british until the
government told him he didn't have the
right documents he lost his job as he
fought for the right to stay here if i
was deported i didn't know what I would
do to take someone out and just throw
them out like if they had no no worse
because that is what they're doing you
know it's about worth what you're what
you've produced or what you've done to
help Britain be the best better place
than it was the so called Windrush
generation named after a ship that
carried the first arrivals from the
Caribbean in 1948 invited to Britain
given citizenship it's many of the
children who traveled with their parents
who are now facing difficulties some
have been caught out by strict new laws
specifying documents they need to prove
how long they've been here this route
could not have blown up at a more
embarrassing time for the British
government the very week in which it
hosts the Commonwealth summit in which
it's busy emphasizing its friendship
with former colonies as it prepares to
leave the EU ministers told Parliament
they're trying to repair the damage with
a special team to help the Windrush
generation a promise to resolve their
cases quickly free of charge although
the government isn't sure whether some
people have already been deported in
error can she tell the house how many
have been detained as prisoners in their
own country can she tell the house how
many have been denied health under the
National Health Service
how many have denied pensions how many
have lost their job this is a day of
national shame Mr Speaker I shared
honourable gentleman's admiration for
the people who came here from the
Caribbean and contributed so much to our
society in many many different ways
that admiration remains in place I am
concerned that the Home Office is
becoming has become too concerned with
policy and strategy and sometimes lose
sight of the individual but who is in
charge of the Home Office when these new
stricter policies were being designed
yes
today's prime minister Teresa may so as
the public outcry grows there's now a
political as well as moral imperative to
treat the Windrush generation fairly
Barnaby Phillips al-jazeera
London
