having faced a barrage of criticism over
the weekend Louisa May made her case to
Parliament that bombing Syria had been
both morally and legally justifiable it
was not she said about intervening in
the civil war nor about regime change
about humanitarian necessity saving
Syria's civilians from future chemical
weapons attack as a legal basis for
military intervention we cannot allow
the use of chemical weapons to become
normalized either within Syria on the
streets of the UK or elsewhere so we
have not done this because President
Trump asked us to do so we have done it
because we believed it was the right
thing to do
and we are not alone many MPs including
in her own party a furious that
Parliament was not consulted first as is
the convention in Britain since the Iraq
war in 2003 the leader of the Opposition
led the charge mr. speaker this
statement serves as a reminder the Prime
Minister is accountable to this
Parliament not to the whims of the US
president there is no more serious issue
than the life and death matters of
military action it is right that
Parliament has the power to support or
stop the government from taking planned
military action
Teresa may sought to justify her
sidelining of parliament last week by
citing the need to act quickly to
prevent further attack and saying that
high-level intelligence could not have
been shared with MPs in advance the
rather damning opposition claimed
instead is that she rushed to support
Donald Trump and feared that if she'd
put it to a vote
she'd have lost the prime ministers
performance will not satisfy all far
from it and certainly not protestors
outside we've bombed on the basis of
confirmed chemical weapons attack which
without a vote in parliament you know
democracy live we have to vote for what
we want and she's amazed not you know
neva she's supposed to for now the UK
government insists there are no plans
for further attacks in Syria that
presumably will change if there's
another chemical weapon attack Jonah
hull al Jazeera at London
