four years ago giant bald senado a
congressman from an obscure ultra
right-wing party was considered anything
but a presidential contender but a
long-running political and economic
crisis in Brazil has transformed him
from an eccentric into a potential
Savior for millions of Brazilians tired
of crime corruption and liberal views
you don't reduce violence with flowers
to be clear weapons don't cause war and
flowers don't guarantee peace the views
of both senado a former army captain
make him stand out from the rest he
admires Brazil's and Chile's former
dictatorships condones torture and
supports arming ordinary citizens he
proposes obligatory birth control for
poor people whose offspring he thinks
wouldn't make good citizens I think that
he walks on a very thin line of fascism
because even though even though he's not
outspoken fascists he does mobilize
fascist sentiments in the Brazilian
society
well senado says gays should be beaten
into turning straight and that most
women deserve lower salaries than men
and should stay home to care for their
children but bull senado has tapped into
the fears and frustrations of Brazilians
an anti globalization anti-establishment
stance not unlike Donald Trump or the
Philippines Rodrigo Duterte
his supporters joyfully mimic Boston
arrows favorite gesture this is a
gesture of combat against the criminals
and corruption that has our country in
tatters but bowls are not as strong as
support comes from here
Brazil's large and influential Christian
evangelical churches they transcend
racial and social lines and echo his
belief that fundamental Christian values
are under attack
especially from left-wing parties even
though she doesn't like his sexist views
Brenda their alpha says she'll vote for
balsan ro but if it was family my main
reason is because of family values the
values of procreation between men and
women because we are losing those values
and as elsewhere here in the slums of
Rio de Janeiro also matters vowed to
show no mercy against crime has won him
applause murder rates here in Brazil
have reached record levels so many
people don't mind when he says things
like the only good criminal is a dead
criminal nor are they frightened when he
promises to put members of the military
in his cabinet his running mate is in
fact a retired general who does not rule
out military intervention if necessary
and yet nothing including a near fatal
assassination attempt that hasn't
allowed him to campaign for almost a
month can seem to diminish both
shinato's lead in the race to become
brazil's next president Sein human al
jazeera rio de janeiro
