for a week now they've been living on
less than a promise the Palestinian
Authority says the delay in paying its
Gaza employees salaries is a technical
issue soon to be resolved but these men
know that their colleagues in the
occupied West Bank and retirees here in
Gaza all had their paychecks days ago
the head of their union says the PA
isn't even taking his phone calls we're
talking about 30,000 families this isn't
a small number
they paid employees in the West Bank but
they didn't pay us in Gaza
this makes the employees here really
afraid Youssef sir Rukh is waiting for
his monthly PA stipend of 290 dollars
awarded after he was shot and injured
during a protest three years ago nearly
half of it goes on rent for the tiny
home he shares with his wife and two
daughters their landlord is threatening
eviction we are prisoners families of
martyrs the injured they shouldn't put
us in between the two sides
they shouldn't connect the
reconciliation problems with our
salaries because that will destroy Gaza
100 percent the Palestinian president
and Fatah head Mahmoud Abbas has been
threatening further measures designed to
increase the pressure on rival faction
Hamas which controls Gaza a
reconciliation deal signed in October
has been teetering on collapse since
almost before the ink had dried the PA
insists on assuming full governmental
control of Gaza including over the
weapons of Hamas as military wing
something Hamas rejects completely Hamas
demands continued payment of its tens of
thousands of workers even after PA staff
who've been out of their jobs for more
than a decade of Hamas rule resumed
their roles relations were worsened
still by the bombing last month of the
Palestinian Prime Minister's convoy
during a visit to Gaza the PA leadership
based in Ramallah in the occupied West
Bank had already cut its Gaza employees
wages by 30 percent in an effort to
squeeze Hamas by restricting the inflow
of cash from which it takes a cut the PA
Employees Union says that if the
salaries don't turn up in the banks by
Wednesday they will launch wider scale
protests but they're aware that their
power is limited if as they suspect this
is no technical
issue then their wages depend on a
political decision being made in
Ramallah Harry Forsett al-jazeera Gaza
