when the tide is out what is left of
amadou diallo home resurfaces this is
where the kitchen was he tells his son
he shows him his grandparents bedroom in
the living area where they would all
watch TV together the ocean swallowed
the two-story house a Madhu shared with
his hen relatives it's a series of bad
storms that destroyed the homes on the
coast over the years the ocean keeps
pushing forward they live on a brink in
an archipelago barely one meter above
sea level
sally was once Frances colonial capital
in Africa now tens of thousands of its
residents have been displaced due to
natural processes and human intervention
on a visit in February the president of
France promised millions of dollars to
save this UNESCO World Heritage Site and
its inhabitants saying climate change
was to blame for the destruction
France will urgently invest in the coast
of marine life to help and protect its
preservation Macky Sall has begun an
ambitious program in the north to put up
stone along the coastline in 2003
Senegalese engineers dug a small canal
in one of the islands facing the ocean
thinking it would help evacuate flooded
waters from the city center instead it
made it worse the five meters wide canal
is now five kilometres long the City
Council is building an embankment made
out of stones and metal people here say
it'll be no match to the force of the
ocean that has already destroyed
concrete homes the fear is the rate at
which the ocean is rising here it's just
a matter of decades before neighborhoods
of this ancient city vanish under the
water
displaced families are relocated to
these makeshift tents on the edge of
this for hell
here the rising temperatures and lack of
water make it impossible to grow any
food and so some have left the camp
fleeing not war or poverty but the
changing climate they travel through the
Sahara Desert and across the
Mediterranean to Europe
adding to the hundreds of millions of
climate refugees now on the moon in
search for a safe place to live Nicholas
Hawk al-jazeera san luis Senegal
