into the dark unknown from their base in
Cyprus British tornados head into the
night sky
armed with storm shadow missiles which
they would fire at a military facility
just outside Homs the objective
according to the Prime Minister very
specific in scope this is not about
intervening in a civil war it is not
about regime change it is about a
limited and targeted strike that does
not further escalate tensions in the
region we cannot allow the use of
chemical weapons to become normalized
French jets were also on their way and
the French government described the
attack on Syria in similar language they
circle skeet it is limited to precise
objectives the destruction of the
chemical capacity of the Syrian regime
in order to prevent her from carrying
out more chemical attacks and for
pursuing a strategy of terror against
his own population this action is
proportionate and targeted on the
streets of Paris some support for the
attack of Cosette to pop I think that
the strike that was announced is a good
thing I think that is our Western
societies duty to advocate a certain
example
it's dangerous to face up to Russia we
don't know how relations can be with
Putin back in London it's possible that
British public opinion haunted as it is
by what's seen here as the disastrous
invasion of Iraq maybe more skeptical
the main opposition leader
characteristically cautious about the
use of force Parliament should be
consulted Parliament should be allowed
to take a view on this but instead the
strikes were launched last night
Parliament is in session on Monday she
could have come to Parliament on Monday
to discuss the whole situation instead
they've launched his strikes
she claims there is a legal basis for it
I've asked her in a letter I've just
sent her this morning to publish in full
the legal basis and justification for it
well later in the day the government did
publish a summary of the legal advice
which it took before launching the
attack it justified it on the basis that
the suffering in Duma had been extreme
and that the use of British force had
been proportionate that's the argument
Theresa May will make when she appears
before members of parliament on Monday
but already her critics are saying that
that parliamentary debate should have
taken place before not after the attack
was launched
Barnaby Phillips al Jazeera Westminster
in central London
