Winnie Madikizela Mandela's casket is
brought into the Orlando stadium to a
rapturous welcome tens of thousands of
South Africans came to bid her goodbye
in the best way they know through song
and dance members of different political
parties sat side by side with dominating
colors of green and yellow for the
African National Congress as part of and
red for economic freedom fighters whose
ideology she said President Cyril
Ramaphosa described her as a fierce
revolutionary she lives on in the nation
that called her mama as it strives each
day to fulfill its destiny as a united
peaceful and prosperous and just society
to many South Africans just not only a
freedom fighter during apartheid she
also stood with the poor afterwards many
people have talked of her desire to see
fair distribution of land her passion
for young people and how frustrated she
was about the wealth disparity between
the minority white and elite black South
Africans on one hand and majority poor
on the other we also have to go back and
decide for ourselves what natural
justice means as a country so I think
that people feel aggrieved the per
African majority in this country many of
them feel incredibly still aggrieved and
wounded by the idea that people who had
brutalized traumatize dispossessed them
live among us Winnie Mandela was also
employed in
she's been accused of human rights
abuses during apartheid but he had the
leadership of the ANC was criticized or
vilifying and abandoning her after party
criminal in a funeral of a person they
were ready to unite after all was said
and done Winnie Mandela Scottish slowly
made its way through Soweto the Township
she called home to a Memorial Cemetery
where she was buried
Rose people said she never wavered from
fighting for better life for black South
Africans and for that they say she's a
hero
Catherine soy al Jazeera Johannesburg
