the United Nations has called it
deplorable the Palestinians have called
it a massacre in just the past two weeks
Israeli forces have killed over 30
Palestinians and injured more than 2,700
along the border between Israel and the
occupied Gaza Strip as tens of thousands
of protesters gather to commemorate the
great march of return multiple reports
have cited unarmed Palestinian civilians
including journalists and children being
shot and even killed by Israeli snipers
but Israeli officials have insisted the
protests are quote organized terrorist
activity linked to Hamas so will Israel
continue attacking civilians in the
upcoming protests will the world do
anything about it
and how significant of a role is Hamas
really playing on the Palestinian side
joining me to debate this from Los
Angeles use of Minaya executive director
of the u.s. campaign for Palestinian
rights and from Tel Aviv Danny Ayalon
former Israeli Deputy Foreign Minister
thank you both for joining me in the
arena Danny let me start with you the
Israelis have killed more than 30
Palestinians over the last couple of
weeks including people who are unarmed
including teenagers including a
journalist wearing a pressed jacket
saying press on it did they all deserve
to die in your view nobody deserves to
die
Mary but and unfortunately what we see
here that the Hamas is in a very very
barbaric way I would say really a
highness war crimes are using civilians
as human shields and they embed among
them terrorists snipers some who carry
explosive charges and most of those that
were killed
where Hamas terrorists and their
responsibility is with Hamas if they
would just forget this war on Israel
recognize Israel understand that we are
there to stay then I believe we can
really do a lot of things together in a
peaceful way Yousef Minaya most of the
people who were killed were Hamas
terrorists Hamas is to blame says Danny
Island look unfortunately the Israelis
that you can shoot protestors on video
and just scream hamas at that and
suddenly that becomes okay unfortunately
that's not how it works and we have seen
lots of documented evidence on video of
Palestinian protesters who were shot
when they were in no way posing any
imminent threat to life to anyone on the
other side of the fence so it's very
clear here what is going on Palestinians
are protesting for their basic rights
rights which are systematically denied
by Israel including the right to free
movement where millions of people in
Gaza are practically indiscriminately
denied the right to ever leave by by the
State of Israel and to enforce these
policies the Israeli state is willing to
use brutal force even to gun down
unarmed protesters and members of the
press who are wearing clearly marked
identifiers and I should say that it's
not just the individual soldiers who
need to be held to account for murders
that have been taking place in front of
the world world to see but the upper
echelons of the Israeli state which
ordered army snipers a hundred of them
to go down to the the fence along Gaza
and to respond to protesters with lethal
force this is a criminal order and the
international community I think is very
right to call this out and demand
accountability for it Danny do you
believe the Israeli military has the
right to shoot unarmed Palestinians at
the border well I would say every
country every sovereign country has the
right for self-defense this is very much
anchored in the UN Charter and into
international law what we see here is a
a real flagrant violation I get that but
I specifically asked about unarmed
protesters unarmed protesters have not
been shot and again I want to I want
it's just a false I mean I hear almost a
mom
we have to remember I would ask you why
is Hamas killing its own people - you in
- why are soldiers you ask me ordered to
shoot unarmed protests okay let me ask
you this Danny let me go back to my
original question and then it will last
use of a question about Hamas okay
unarmed protesters you say Israel hasn't
killed we have seen on video people
fleeing in the opposite direction with
no weapons on them being shot I've seen
it myself what do you say to people like
me who have watched videos of people
running away from the fence being shot
by Israeli snipers
what's your response just specifically
on that Mary I would say there is no
business for them whatsoever to be by
the fence and they were warned it's a
it's an it's a war zone you do not send
individuals and civilians into war zone
and I can tell you most of the people if
not all of them were sent there and were
forced there by Hamas we also can see in
in the videos how Hamas terrorists are
sending them they wanted a million
people March they got only 20,000 and
and even those have been forced to do
that the issue of Gaza is much bigger
than just this criminal march of the
Hamas it is that Israel left Gaza
altogether 13 years ago left
infrastructure greenhouses for the
gazans in the belief that peace can can
just can can come through you should
respond to that point that Israel left
Gaza and also deal with the point that
these protests have been at least partly
if not fully organized by Hamas have
there not even one of the journalists
activists are tema says yeah we invited
Hamas in to help us with logistics with
media coverage with moral support to
deal with both of those points that
Danny's raised Mandy I think it's quite
revealing that in response to the
question about why the Israelis are
caught on video shooting unarmed
protesters the response that we get is
that the protesters shouldn't be
protesting as if to just
by the shooting of unarmed protesters
and and I think I think your viewers can
clearly see that this is an attempt to
justify what is clearly murder
Palestinians have a right to protest
they have a right to protest anywhere
that they want if they do so peacefully
and many of these protesters were gunned
down on video while not posing any
imminent threat to the life of the
Israelis it was Israeli soldiers that
did this not Hamas it was Israeli
soldiers acting on the orders of the
Israeli government not Hamas you simply
cannot keep blaming Palestinians every
time you kill Palestinians it's
unacceptable as far as whether or not
the Israelis left Gaza okay they
routinely enter Gaza's airspace it's sea
waters and fire into Gaza anytime they
want just because you don't swim in a
fish bowl with your fish doesn't mean
that you don't control its life that's
the way that Israel exercises its
control over Gaza and it's holding two
million people there in captivity
Danny I must stick with this looking at
the purpose of discussions talk about
the deaths in Gaza
you keep saying they're terrorists it's
Hamas his fault forget the protesters
for a moment we had a journalist Yasser
majah who we all saw pictures of having
been shot he was wearing a press jacket
and he was shot by an Israeli sniper
what was his crime
the crime may not be his the crime is
those who sent him there you can't shoot
someone to infiltrate you cannot just
shoot someone because you don't like who
allegedly sent them what the Hamas
terror organization does Hamas uses
human people as shields to shield their
terrorists among all those who came
unarmed many where armed he was a
journalist whose organization was vetted
by the u.s. Floy that they were standing
in front of a hamas terrorist he was
shot in cold blood I mean those are the
facts well I want to say one thing you
know Israel which is a clear democracy
and you know we have self-criticism
and we check ourselves all the time the
army is going to do an investigation
because they want to do after every
operation in shooting so this is being
investigated without any you know hiding
anything
Yussef Danny keeps making this point
about Hamas and obviously you disagree
you see it's a deflection but just deal
with the perception point here with Gaza
it is a problem is it not for the
Palestinian movement that whatever
legitimate protests or struggles they
may have it is a problem then in a place
like Gaza Hamas rules Gaza and that's
always going to be kind of the shadow
that's always gonna be the elephant in
the room as it were that you have this
group ruling Gaza which is regarded as a
terrorist organization by many
governments in the West which has a
pretty horrific human rights record in
Gaza that's a problem is it not you
would concede that look anytime you have
people who are under occupation and
struggling for their rights and they are
being gunned down in very criminal ways
we are going to hear all kinds of
excuses to try to whitewash those those
shootings and and and that that brutal
repression of people rising up and the
use of this argument to try to deflect
and excuse the killing of Palestinians
in the Gaza Strip is disgraceful in my
view and unfortunately this is something
that has been used for a long time and
will continue to be used and should not
be accepted
daddy Ireland obviously you don't think
the Israeli military did anything wrong
but just from a perception point of view
for Israel's reputation this last few
weeks and the coming weeks pretty bad
surely you would concede that you have
human rights organizations lining up to
point out that you're possibly
committing war crimes UN Human Rights
officials are saying the same thing
Western journalists are going there and
seeing this for themselves the video
footage is everywhere and you have your
Defense Minister saying nobody's
innocent in Gaza and the troops should
be commended for killing these people
that's not a good look for Israel what
you call a clear democracy surely you'd
concede that much I absolutely I will
concede that much it's the pictures are
not very rosy and certainly we do not
like to see these pictures but again
we have to see the broader context and
not any country in the world including
all those countries Western democracies
that criticize us would not allow a
stampede on their borders those
countries aren't occupying the glands on
their borders by the way well first of
all this is still under debate you know
the disputed areas but with Gaza
certainly we left Gaza to the last inch
and I think Hamas they try any
provocation against us and knowing that
we have will have to defend ourselves
and just on a factual point the UN says
Gaza is still occupied I know you said
it's up for debate last word Youssef
Minaya what's gonna happen the next few
weeks these protests are gonna continue
what do you see happening
I think these protests are going to
continue and I think they're inspiring
for Palestinians who are looking at mass
popular mobilization as a way to
continue to resist and demand their
rights have a very simple message for
mister I alone and the Israelis if you
don't like to see these images of
Israeli soldiers shooting unarmed
protestors and members of the press you
should simply stop shooting unarmed
protestors and members of the press
Youssef Minaya Danny Ayalon we'll have
to leave it there thank you both for
joining me in the arena that's our show
upfront we'll be back later this year
you
