war stripped Muhammed Jamal of the life
he'd built in Syria this job as a
factory supervisor has allowed him to
create a new one in Jordan and restore
his dignity in the beginning I could not
provide the basic necessities of life
for my children and my wife thank God
now I'm having a decent life Jamal is
one of 30 Syrians recruited from refugee
camps working at Al Sanibel the diaper
manufacturer has been hiring Syrians for
five years and they now make up 15% of
its workforce when we started this
process it was very obvious that the
those those morons it affect positively
to the all-in-all environment what's
happening at al Sanibel and other
factories in Jordan could mark a new
approach to how the international
community assists refugees
three-quarters of a million Syrian
refugees are registered in Jordan which
has put a strain on the country it's
struggling with high unemployment and
cost of living the hope is by providing
work for refugees they will contribute
to not drain the economy
this will make let's say I went to in
situation this will offer more job
opportunities for Jordanian because some
of some of the employers will come from
outside of Jordan and start having their
new projects the government has made it
easier and cheaper for Syrian refugees
to get work permits and streamlined the
process for companies looking to export
to the European market the UN refugee
agency UNHCR has established eleven
recruiting centers now more than 95
thousand Syrian refugees mostly men are
working in factories farms construction
sites and stores
Abdul Hadid Abbas says by working his
way up to factory manager he's now in a
position to provide opportunities he's
very good for me I'm happy because I can
help my people at Elle Sanibel having
Syrian refugees as part of the work
force has had another effect the owner
says it's brought a unity and an
understanding that everyone whether a
Syrian refugee or a Jordanian is first
and foremost a human being
Natasha guy named Al Jazeera Sahab
Jordan
