it's the biggest gathering of leaders in
the Western Hemisphere but this year the
focus in the summit of the Americas is
on two men who aren't even going host
country Peru has told Venezuelan
president Nicolas Maduro he's not
invited it's a mark of his growing
isolation as Venezuela's humanitarian
and financial crisis rumbles on and it
prepares for elections seen by several
neighboring countries as illegitimate
Lima after in Lima Venezuela will be at
the top of the agenda countries
attending the summit will discuss the
topic insisting this election is not
valid because it's not a democratic
election president Maduro says he's not
bothered and it's a convenient no issues
will be decided in that summit it is a
real waste of time here's another
no-show president Trump's cancelled he
says to deal with the Syria crisis some
analysts believe there's another
implicit message he doesn't have Latin
America as one of his priorities that he
just looks down on the region and
despises its people also not present the
leaders who will take power later on in
what is a busy electoral year in Latin
America whatever agenda the several
lame-duck presidents here want to pursue
may not be followed up on by their
successors corruption is a huge deal
especially in Latin America right now
and it's the main theme of the summit
the region's been really shaken by
bribery scandal and while some countries
have taken steps to prosecute
politicians others have failed to do so
whether two days of talks can help cure
that long-term ill is debatable but the
discussion should at least be less tense
with presidents Trump and Maduro out of
the picture John Holman al Jazeera Lima
