he's a man with a vision at least that's
the image his company wants to portray
how about this takes charge of
Volkswagen at a time of potentially hard
choices when some in the automotive
industry believe VW which also owned
Skoda LD say and Porsche should slim
down and concentrate on core brands
Windsor deal is this in four explain
concerns it is our goal to make bowls
wagon one of the industry's leading
companies when it comes to profit
innovation and sustainability but one
issue that won't go away is the
so-called dieselgate affair when VW
fixed emissions tests to show diesel was
cleaner than it actually was dealing
with it has already cost the VW Group
more than thirty billion dollars and now
seemingly its chief executive his job
Matthias Mueller was appointed in 2015
at the height of the scandal but in
recent times has come under official
investigation for what he knew about it
and when by removing him and appointing
Dees some analysts believe this move is
a statement of intent from VW be Biogen
ban forgot buy there are folks buying
our gear off a clean-up operation is
underway at Volkswagen the rescuer
Muller is leaving after he more or less
concluded the diesel scandal and what's
needed now of visionaries mr. Dees is a
visionary and a great supporter of
e-mobility which is said to be massively
pushed forward at Volkswagen so the
decision is right also the new
structures within VW calling the
different brands in order to have better
steering it's a step in the right
direction that's clearly something
senior executives here at VW
headquarters believe the question will
be whether the vision their new boss has
is something their customers will like
the look of Dominic Kain al Jazeera
Vosburgh
