a response had been promised predicted
and no delivered my fellow Americans a
short time ago I ordered the United
States Armed Forces to launch
precision strikes on targets associated
with the chemical weapons capabilities
of Syrian dictator Bashar al-assad
Donald Trump has argued the u.s. had to
take action to protect its national
interest and to stop the Assad regime
use of chemical weapons the purpose of
our actions tonight is to establish a
strong deterrent against the production
spread and use of chemical weapons
establishing this deterrent is a vital
national security interest of the United
States
indeed this message for President
Assad's Russian and Iranian allies what
kind of a nation wants to be associated
with the mass murder of innocent men
women and children the nations of the
world can be judged by the friends they
keep no nation can succeed in the long
run by promoting rogue States brutal
tyrants and murderous dictators it's
just over a year since the silent gas
attack in Syria provoked an American
military response
this was a joint operation the French
and the British joining the Americans
tonight France the United Kingdom and
the United States took decisive action
to strike the Syrian chemical weapons
infrastructure clearly the Assad regime
did not get the message last year the US
defense secretary says he was convinced
of City and involvement in the suspected
chemical attack just hours before the
operation was given the go-ahead but I
am confident the Syrian regime conducted
a chemical attack on innocent people and
in this last last week yes absolutely
confident of it and we have the
intelligence level of confidence that we
needed to conduct the attack
but as Donald Trump addressed the
country there were some questioning if
he'd the legal power to launch the
attack here in the United States our
Constitution says without any
equivocation it's up to Congress not the
president not the executive branch to
declare a war to say when we're going to
go to war the president then executes
that decision the Russians had warned of
consequences if the u.s. launched this
attack because of its close ties to the
Syrian government the airstrikes may be
over this new Middle East crisis isn't
Alan Fisher al Jazeera Washington
