okay joining us now from our London
studios I'm so a senior political
analyst man
Beshara Marlon we knew something was
coming did we expect this well more or
less right
there's been talk and there's been
bossed boasting of such thing and about
the nice smart missiles that the United
States has and the need to uphold the
ban of the use of nuclear weapon so all
in all what we've seen over the last 72
hours is the three allies France the UK
and France getting together looking at
the evidence as they saw it at their
their own intelligence as they saw it
deemed it damning if you will and
decided to take action against the
Syrian regime and to limit that action
to the use of chemical weapons and to
deter the Syrian regime from using
chemical weapons unfortunately or
otherwise for the Syrian regime it's
once again limited almost you know
pinprick strikes if you will towards
those three facilities and then to the
day the man responsible for the use of
chemical weapons in Syria and for the
death of half a million if that's
important of course remains at large
remains at the head of the Syrian state
absolutely and we've heard from a guest
earlier saying that Assad actually needs
these chemical weapons because although
conventional weapons have killed half a
million people he doesn't have the
manpower or the arsenal to continue the
war to the end simply relying on those
he was suggesting that we are going to
see more chemical weapons attacks
because Assad doesn't have any other
option if he wants to finish and win
this war well if the reports are correct
then of course that's exactly what we've
seen a year later from the previous
attack back in cheshire hoon when the
United States responded and clearly that
response was not sufficient if you
listen to ambassador nikki Haley about
50 such a
tax and public records about 200 a
chemical attacks then really we're
talking about the chemical republic no
longer the Arab Republic of Syria and of
all these or even part of this and even
just a sliver of these reports are
correct the ones that have been
confirmed by the United Nations then
certainly this regime has committed
flagrant war crimes against his own
people because you know there's one
thing to be engaging civil war another
thing to be engaged against a war of
terror of sort whether it's fabricated
or not but another thing to gas one
one's own people and you know that
there's a whole international system and
there are self-imposed Guardian to that
system like the France and the UK and
the United States to act in order to
make sure that people don't gas their
own people nowadays and hence that is
happening and yet that is happening in
Syria but should the US France the UK
have waited for the opcw's report there
of course jus on the ground today
Saturday in Duma to gather evidence that
it was indeed a chemical attack look the
discussion about the legality of this
operation is of course widespread today
especially in the United States and the
UK and clearly the arguments been made
that the United Nations Security Council
and elsewhere by the Trump
administration is that the Russia has
made sure that whatever investigation is
carried that it will not show who is the
culprit behind it and that there's no
independent commission today to be able
to signal out the responsibility in the
end of the day they will only be able to
show whether there was or there wasn't a
chemical attack and I think there is a
certain gray area here that the United
States and others are exploiting and
exploiting sometimes for their own
political reasons and once again it's
not just that the legality is in
question Laura but it also the the the
question of the politics behind the
operation and that
politics the or the geopolitical
calculus behind it you know we hear
about the wag dog argument here that
just like Clinton had Monica Lewinsky
and and hence attacked Sudan and later
on attacked Afghanistan that Trump with
his own stormy Daniel crisis and his own
issue with his lawyers and the
investigation so so forth
he carries these attacks in order to
look presidential and believe it or not
I mean III actually couldn't believe it
just a few minutes ago looking through
the tweet feed and all sorts of pundits
in Washington think tank pundits and
others even those detractors of the
Trump administration and president of
himself are calling him presidential
which is exactly what he wanted because
a lot of other things as you were saying
going on in Washington that were
pointing to the fact he wasn't and if we
look at the wider picture again it's
been suggested that Russia that Assad
will actually be quite relieved now that
these attacks have happened and they
have been contained and there wasn't a
wider response look if there is no
strategy behind the pinprick attacks or
retaliations then we really are in
trouble because I think now the regime
is saw as solid in its place supported
by Iran and Russia and is capable to
doing a lot of harm and if you take the
Russian threats or warning seriously
that there's going to be implications
for this attack by the United States the
UK and France then I think within Syria
itself that's going to be the forefront
of russian-iranian Assad response to the
United States and I think probably the
Syrian regime opposition and many of its
allies including in Syria and perhaps
some of the American special forces in
the country may pay the price for what
is happening today there's also the
larger pit the larger picture of Russia
being slapped down with its own presence
in Syria as a superpower when its own
client
Bashar al-assad is hit twice last year
last April and today and this does
definitely diminishes the prestige of
Russia as a country that thought over
the last three years has established
itself as a regional power at least in
the Middle East so all in all I think we
are yet to see the the intermediate and
long term implications of what is
happening in Syria tonight absolutely
and just in the middle of the more
immediate term do you think it's going
to have any impact on Assad launching
another chemical attack I think that
would be you know the ultimate irony
right because in the end of the day if
you keep punishing the the regime for
carrying those attacks and the regime
continues to carries them it only means
that that your deterrence has failed
