Co song on the East Coast is South
Korea's northernmost County it's home to
a community of North Koreans who arrived
during the Korean War seeking temporary
shelter then found they could not return
across the border when the county was
split into Park Jung sook was a baby
when her family fled now she runs this
restaurant which specializes in food
from her homeland Nam was just there are
only a few hundred North Korean refugees
left they often say that they hope the
inter-korean summit goes well so they
can return to the fields and the creeks
of their homeland before they die a
dream of reunification shared by others
in this region further north not far
from the border about 300 people live in
the village of Myung paddy they're
mostly elderly because there are no
longer the opportunities there once were
for young people it used to be a transit
point for South Koreans traveling on
special tours to Mount Kumgang in the
north but the program was shut down
after a North Korean guard shot a South
Korean tourist in 2008 one day
it used to be very busy here now there
are no tourists the residents who relied
on commercial businesses had to leave
mayor Chung sock Kwon hopes the leaders
of the two Koreas will agree to restart
the program so his village can once
again welcome tourists passing through
many people in this border village may
want to see the resumption of Tours
into North Korea for South Korean
visitors but others argue there are
ethical concerns about being a tourist
in North Korea because at least some of
the money spent ends up in the hands of
the government which is continuing to
develop nuclear weapons and accused of
human rights abuses against its own
citizens those issues are unlikely to be
solved with one summit in the past it's
been easier to agree on gestures
bringing Koreans together such as
tourism and reunions for members of
separated families Kang Yong su wishes
to see his brother who lives in the
north but he's not getting his hopes up
for that or any real breakthrough after
many years of being fooled I have no
trust
I just think oh I guess they're having a
summit but I don't trust anything will
come
of it I'm worried North Korea is just
trying to buy time that they're
deceiving South Korea but if come does
get his reunion he may just find himself
on a bus one day crossing into the North
Korean side of this divided County Kathy
Novak al-jazeera kosong South Korea
