so an airport isn't the most comfortable
place to spend a night for Hasan al
Kanta has been home for nearly 14 nights
Hassan's real home Syria has been
devastated by war he wants to go to a
third country that will accept him but
hasn't found one when al-jazeera spoke
to her son he told us he wanted to get
word out to his family that he's safe
it's going to be okay one day so just
think of what happening in Astana Duma
you will come to know that I'm not in
that bad situation
at least I'm have an air conditioner
but Hassan says he's getting worried
because he only has nine more months on
his passport Hassan says he hasn't tried
to contact Syrian officials in Kuala
Lumpur that's because he doesn't want to
be sent back
he's been surviving on the kindness of
strangers
including a Sudanese student Osama Sabir
who heard about the Syrians flight via
social media since Hassan's story went
viral there have been many offers of
help people have been donating money to
pay for his ticket out of Malaysia the
Home Ministry told Al Jazeera they are
deciding whether to allow him to stay
but Hassan says that might only be a
temporary solution as Malaysia does not
recognize refugees so he's still looking
for a way out
Florence lui al Jazeera Kuala Lumpur
