after months of tough talk on the
Iranian nuclear agreement Donald Trump
appears headed for a showdown the
current status of relations between the
u.s. and Iran is what very acrimonious
President Trump has railed against the
nuclear agreement since his campaign the
Iran deal was one of the worst and most
one-sided transactions the United States
has ever entered into in January he
doubled down declining to impose
sanctions on Tehran but only for one
last time he says Iran is not living up
to the spirit of the deal unless Iran
renegotiates the deal to give the US and
its allies greater access to Tehran's
facilities and to extend the agreement
Trump says he will decline to waive
sanctions that could effectively put an
end to the nuclear agreement they've
made very clear that if the United
States walks away they would not see
themselves as continued to be required
to adhere with their own obligations and
so I think we would very likely see Iran
begin to reconstitute elements of its
nuclear program so I think it's almost
inconceivable that we won't see an
escalation of tensions between the two
countries one possible reason for
Trump's newly hardline domestic u.s.
politics the president is pivoting to a
hard-line in large part because he's
heading into the midterm elections and
the poll numbers don't look good
Republicans in general in the white
house in particular are sweating bullets
and Trump's going back to his game plan
as a candidate and that is to go to the
hard right and to rally the base
personnel changes that the White House
could make all the difference
Trump recently replaced advisers who
want to keep the deal intact with
hardliners who want to scrap it
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and
national security adviser HR McMaster
are out Mike Pompeo and John Bolton are
in Bolton has gone so far as to call for
regime change in Iran and military
strikes on its nuclear program leaving
Trump in something of an echo chamber
with few dissenting voices remaining
John Hendren al
Zera Washington
