son Jung tae had been a rising star in
China's Communist Party
his downfall was confirmed last year
when he was arrested shortly before
China's Communist Party Congress when
President Xi Jingping was reappointed
leader for a second term without
indicating a successor according to
state media son's trial which is closed
to the media began on Thursday in the
northern city of Tianjin
he's accused of bribery relating to his
time as a party official in Beijing that
was before he went on to become party
chief of Chongqing one of China's
fastest-growing cities he replaced
another high-flying figure bochy lie
that also once been tipped as a future
Chinese leader Suns demise comes as
President Xi expands his anti-corruption
campaign which started more than five
years ago and has seen more than a
million party officials disciplined
analysts say she's campaign is really
about eliminating political rivals
Adrian Brown al-jazeera Beijing
