Dumas stood as the last bastion of
resistance against Syrian President
Bashar al-assad located in the heart of
the once rebel-held region of eastern
Luther just ten kilometers northeast of
the capital Damascus it was a thorn in
the government's side for years rebel
fighters took control of eastern Goethe
in July 2012 but by the following year
the government had it completely
besieged a blockade that would last for
more than five years and lead to
incredible hardship in a region once
known for its fertile land and bountiful
produce aid agencies said Syrians here
suffered the highest rate of acute
malnutrition than anywhere else and all
the while they were being bombarded the
people of Eastern Goethe by UN estimates
around 400,000 civilians injured years
of airstrikes and shelling the rebels in
turn would target the capital with
artillery and rockets the main group in
charge was called Jaysh al-islam the
Army of Islam but over time there were
splits within the group and infighting
with smaller brigades in the area and as
always in war those in control reaped
the rewards the rebels controlled a
lucrative smuggling trade using a tunnel
system for years some made did get in
but the government and the rebels were
both accused of removing vital items
sometimes most of the cargo from the
tracks the world started paying
attention to the gouta region in August
that's when at least a thousand people
were reportedly killed in a suspected
chemical weapons attack the United
Nations investigation team said it found
clear and convincing evidence that sarin
gas was used the Syrian government
denied it was behind it many thought it
would lead to US intervention a red line
for us is we start seeing a whole bunch
of chemical weapons moving around
or being utilized but that red line came
and went
there was no intervention a Russia
brokered deal was to rid Assad's
government of its chemical weapons and
another political deal last May
involving Russia Iran and Turkey
was to include eastern Goethe as one of
the four so-called de-escalation zones
but the relatively short-lived ceasefire
wasn't to last and allegations of
chemical weapons attacks returned the
worst just last week when at least 40
people reportedly died in Duma the
Syrian government again denied being
responsible
the tragic individual stories in Duma
have easily been lost if the numbers of
the dead have risen Eastern Goethe is no
longer in rebel hands and now into the
8th year of war President Assad has
control of most of the country million
ohand al Jazeera
