he had spent more than eleven years at
The Hague taking a belligerent stand up
a tribunal investigating war crimes in
the former Yugoslavia yet voiced love
shechet is a man without remorse
the Serbian ultra-nationalist was
acquitted two years ago of committing
crimes against humanity but on Wednesday
a UN Court reversed that decision the
chamber finds mr. sessions criminally
responsible and imposed a sentence of 10
years in prison in absentia despite the
court's verdict he remains unrepentant
speaking from Belgrade after the ruling
shell told Al Jazeera that he would do
it all over again
Vizio shocking new book I'm preparing to
be even more active in political life
I'm preparing to repeat all my war
crimes and crimes against humanity
amid the bloodshed of the war shells
extremist politics played a role in
inflaming the persecution and violence
against non Serbs in the former
Yugoslavia an attempt to fulfill his
vision of a greater Serbia his original
trial was beset with histrionics and
delays and he was eventually granted
provisional release for being diagnosed
with cancer
shell returned to his home in Belgrade
his popularity boosted and he teamed up
with political allies that shared his
pro-russian and extreme nationalist
views
his supporters turned out in droves for
his rallies michelle has described the
latest ruling as illegal it may be
little appetite to indulge his continued
presence on Serbia's political stage
Serbia is seeking membership of the EU a
move he is bitterly opposed to Sonia
Garro al Jazeera
