Americans across the country are hearing
an eerily similar probably trying to be
responsible one the sharing of biased
and false news has become all too common
all these markets concerns because of
Sinclair's policy of combining news with
partisan political opinion hello I'm
Richard gisbert and you're at the
listening post here are some of the
media stories were covering this week
dozens of anchors same script millions
of viewers an Orwellian moment on the
American airwaves
the perils of poverty porn a British
media trend demonizing the poor the
world's first law against fake news is
passed in Malaysia and focus on a point
in front of your eyes a digital Narendra
Modi the Indian Prime Minister strikes a
slimmed-down
yoga pose we begin with a media company
a news organization ordering its local
television anchors across the United
States to read from a script accusing
other news outlets of trying to control
quote what people think unquote a
company that did that without a trace of
irony the Sinclair Broadcast Group is
the biggest local television news
network in the u.s. 173 stations now
Sinclair may not be a household
corporate brand or wasn't until this
little episode but it is influential and
it's trying to grow through a merger
that would expand its reach to 70% of
American homes now getting that deal
passed the regulator the Federal
Communications Commission probably won't
be an issue
Sinclair has a friend in the White House
in Donald Trump whose administration is
currently binging on deregulation local
television channels remain the primary
news sources for millions of Americans
so there's a lot at stake here
editorial balance accuracy and pluralism
the kinds of things that those
journalists mentioned as they dutifully
read off their auto queues last week our
starting points this week spread far and
wide local news outlets right across the
United States of America
the sharing of biased news has come to
common this is a textbook example of the
whole being greater than the sum of its
parts we work very hard to seek the
truth and strive to be fair balanced and
factual seen individually the sinclair
editorials do not make much of an impact
but when Timothy Burke a video editor in
Tampa Florida collected 44 versions of
that editorial from 44 local news
markets and lay them side by side
allowing Americans to play them back
word for word
this is extremely dangerous to our
democracy the effect was chilling this
is extremely dangerous to our democracy
Orwellian it was actually fairly
horrifying about a minute and a half up
and decrying biased platforms pushing
out fake news that endangered our
democracy the sharing of biased and
false news has come all too common on
social media the anchors for the most
part fairly skip a couple of people have
compared them to hostage videos so for a
few seconds it's actually kind of funny
and then you sort of turn into what
they're saying and it becomes more and
more horrifying and whether the people
understand exactly the politics and
conglomeration aspects that go into a
message like this these people all they
know is they saw a scary video where a
bunch of news anchors were saying the
same thing and now their favorite news
anchors are saying the same thing we are
extremely proud of the Equality balanced
journalism that ABC News for producers
and they're just like you're one of them
when they learned that the Sinclair
Broadcast Group was manipulating news
content the reaction of many Americans
was just what is Sinclair unlike Fox
News CNN and MSNBC Sinclair does not own
a national news network so what's brand
was not that well-known but it does own
173 local TV stations covering 40% of
American households since those channels
are affiliated with national
broadcasting brands ABC NBC
and CBS they display those logos rather
than their parent companies up until now
Sinclair sent editorials from the
company's headquarters in Maryland that
their channels were required to
broadcast my goal with every segment is
to tell you facts which you may not
already know typically the so called
must runs are fronted by a Sinclair
executive Boris Epstein he worked on
Donald Trump's election team some
critics would have you believe that my
experience somehow disqualifies me for
providing you with my analysis and
commentary this time the company changed
the formula and got its local anchors to
deliver the message instead it was
caught and found itself in an unfamiliar
position in the spotlight if you wanted
to come up with the perfect strategy for
how to manipulate or warp the dialogue
in America you wouldn't buy one big
cable channel or one big broadcast
channel know if you're savvy about this
you would buy local affiliates in
markets across the country get into
every major city every region to
communicate a message and then if you
can put that message in the mouths of
hundreds of local anchors who have been
on air in some cases for many many years
that's a much better strategy for
warping the discourse there's also
something else worth mentioning for all
the attention CNN MSNBC Fox got in fact
most Americans actually get their news
if they're watching television from
local news not from the national
networks
be they cable or broadcast the anchors
they are very well known in their
communities they tend to be active in
charities they show up for special
events we are having an incredible night
tonight we are crushing cancer but there
are also the people talking about things
that you might have seen on your street
you might have seen you know the next
town over there giving you the weather
from your community the question now is
what are neighbors do about it and
you've come to trust them over time this
is a a reality of local news it's how it
works
there's something particularly
treacherous about taking
words from Sinclair's corporate
headquarters and putting them in the
mouths of journalists who are trusted to
the point that now audiences can't tell
whether or not the information they're
consuming actually comes from these
local journalists or if there's a giant
conservative corporate Goliath pulling
the strings and the Goliath wants to
grow Sinclair has a 3.9 billion dollar
merger deal in place with Tribune Media
which would land
Sinclair another 42 local TV stations
including in major markets like New York
Chicago and Washington boosting its
reach from 40% of American homes to more
than 70% the merger requires the
approval of the FCC the u.s. broadcast
regulator and given the FCC's recent
track record since Donald Trump put
Chairman Ajit pie in the job last year
the regulator is not likely to stand in
the company's way Ajit Pi was appointed
as chair of the FCC by the Trump
administration and in less than a year
he has absolutely gutted the remaining
media ownership rules that the FCC had
in place and he has made it more
possible for large broadcasters like
Sinclair to buy up almost every media
outlet in your community all of that has
been done specifically to grease the
wheels for this merger between Sinclair
and Tribune which before Chairman PI's
chairmanship would have been absolutely
impossible to approve because it
violated so many of these FCC rules when
the FCC was developed back in the 30s
the core concept was diverse ownership
you wanted a lot of different owners in
a lot of different places there was a
vision of that that goes back a very
very long way this assaults that vision
it basically says no you have one little
group of people sitting in an office
someplace and they decide what's being
discussed all across the country
having been drawn out of the shadows
it's heavy-handed editorial methods
exposed and ridiculed Sinclair has come
out swinging it responded to questions
put to it by New York Magazine by saying
that print media is so left-wing as to
be meaningless that it has no
credibility
however actions and broadcast output
speak much louder than words and when
Sinclair put out another editorial this
past week it reverted to its old formula
as you see my segments are very clearly
marked as commentary the same cannot be
said for cable and broadcast news hosts
who inject their opinions and bias into
news coverage all the time one talking
head at head office delivering the
corporate message rather than relying on
Sinclair's local anchors and what
remains of their credibility as one of
the things I think that Sinclair is
gonna have to deal with so many people
have been exposed to this video that
they have to be able to explain to that
audience why their local news is still
trustworthy are they going to attempt to
repair what is been a massive damage to
their image are they going to pull back
from interfering in their newsrooms on a
daily basis I don't know what's happened
with Sinclair is actually really good
it's great that we have seen this thing
happened with all the anchors reading
the same lines across the country
because we've had a real-life example of
what we should be afraid
we're discussing other media stories
that are on our radar this week with one
of our producers will young will fake
news many countries have threatened to
criminalize that Malaysia is actually
doing that what steps is it taking yes
Malaysia has now passed the world's
first law against fake news both houses
of parliament ratified the law this past
week now it just needs the signature of
the Sultan but that's considered a
formality the definition of fake news
here is really very broad and vague any
news information data and reports which
are wholly or partly false whether in
the form of features visuals audio
recordings or in any other form capable
of suggesting words or ideas and the
penalties are really harsh up to a
hundred and twenty three thousand
dollars in fines and maximum jail terms
of six years that would seem to include
individuals who spread or share stories
not just those who create them as well
as the online platforms they appear on
all of which begs the question how will
fake news be identified and who will be
doing the identifying right we don't
have any clear indications but it would
seem to come down to the government of
the day last month Malaysia's deputy
communications minister said that any
unverified information relating to one
story in particular the 1mdb scandal
would be considered fake news now 1mdb
is a government-owned strategic
development company from which Prime
Minister Najib Razak has been accused of
siphoning billions of dollars into his
personal bank account
Malaysia's opposition parties oppose
this law they say it's an attempt to
stifle freedom of speech in the run-up
to a general election which could be
held as early as next month you've also
been following a kidnap case in Ecuador
to journalists taken along with their
driver near the border with Colombia
what's the story there
yes they were abducted late last month
in the northern region of esmeralda
and a hostage video has now surfaced on
the Colombian TV network RCN it shows a
reporter Javier Ortega Reyes
photographer Paola Rivas bravo and their
driver
Efrain Sagara abri all of them employees
of Ecuador's el comercio newspaper the
hostages confirm that they were taken by
the Oliveira
instead up front which is a splinter
group from FARC the Revolutionary Armed
Forces of Colombia now FARC laid down
its weapons as part of the peace
agreement in 2016 but the Olivares in
its terror front refuses to do that now
the group is demanding an end to
anti-narcotics cooperation between the
Colombian and Ecuadorian governments as
well as the release of three imprisoned
combatants who were not identified and
these journalists would have known that
the story that they were covering came
with risks right yes the north of
esmeralda which borders Colombia is one
of Ecuador's poorest regions and
criminal gangs operate pretty freely
there the el comercio team was reporting
on the surge in violence since a bomb
went off at a police station in January
since then there have been five other
attacks indicating the violence is
spilling over from southern Colombia
okay thanks we'll onto a story about a
different genre of media now one that's
come to be known in the UK as poverty
poor take what the British call a
benefit scroungers someone who's
apparently milking the state's welfare
system for all it's worth throw in a
dash of stereotyping a little demonizing
then add an element of reality TVs
celebrity culture and presto you have a
television program some might find that
to be an odd formula however British
tabloids and TV channels have long been
hooked on stories about people claiming
money from the state among the problems
associated with poverty porn these shows
and provocative news articles might
entertain audiences but they don't
inform them and turning welfare
recipients into caricatures could have
implications for the welfare system and
the people who depend on it the
listening-posts Flo Phillips now on the
British media's obsession with benefits
the myths and the money making industry
that that is created
benefits Britta
the single mom had lots of kids for
different fathers the alcoholic drinking
away his Dolman the immigrant sponging
off the state where the Channel Four's
benefit street
Channel Five's benefits written
headlines in the Sun or the Daily
Express when it comes to stories about
welfare recipients the British media
rely on a cast of cliche characters they
recycle over and over those narratives
and those kind of images create and
sustain divisions with two deserving and
undeserving populations or between
co-workers and shockers between welfare
dependence and hardworking families the
whole set up of these programs is around
there being like an M enough
or telling everybody in this studio and
you're telling everybody who's watching
right now that we're mugs that we're
idiots and we're fools for going out to
work because why don't we all just give
up work and live on benefits they
present the idea of a benefits culture
and a benefits lifestyle as if people on
benefits are choosing to be there and
that language that derogatory language
feeds into casual contempt for the poor
of course Kelly's going to be
comfortable in the benefit system
because she's got his money coming in
what we see his programs like mickr
Margaret we all pay your benefits which
creates intentionally and very clearly a
division between the idea of taxpayers
and benefit recipients as enemies
Britons have been fed stories about the
flaws in their social benefit system for
years the tabloids were the first to
discover the audience's for such stories
and by 2013 TV producers were tapping
into that same mark
the BBC's we all pay your benefits came
first similar offerings followed on
other channels along with millions of
viewers the programmes attracted plenty
of criticism for the exploitation of
people's hardship what has come to be
known as poverty porn the term poverty
porn is a pretty accurate reflection on
this idea of watch important people for
entertainment and reading about poor
people newspapers when it sits for
entertainment as opposed to an actual
insight into these people's lives I'd be
quite offended if people thought that
benefits Britain was poverty porn
because benefits Britain told the
stories of people who live their lives
with limited resources there's no reason
why you shouldn't tell their story if
you're putting programs out about people
whose lives and on benefits and who live
in poverty and those programs rate well
then program makers will just continue
to make those programs
and that's exactly it these programs
rate well but do they actually portray
reality take the benefits cheap trope in
the 2015-16 tax year fraudulent benefits
claims cost the British state 1.9
billion pounds the cost of tax evasion
that year 5.2 billion pounds add into
the mix tax avoidance at 1.7 billion and
you're at almost four times the cost of
benefit fraud and that doesn't begin to
include wealthy Britons hiding their
assets offshore or tax loss to the
shadow economy but the media especially
the tabloid press disproportionately
choose to direct our attention and
outrage to the former leaving
high-income fraudsters who are less
telegenic and harder to find in the
shadows I would love to see you know the
flip side of that and a television show
about tax avoiders that people are
ovince in the system and dodging attacks
and so forth the hypocrisy surrounded
what they choose to put on TV screens it
will always target the most vulnerable
as a program maker you always choose the
best stories the characters who will
make the best television in one case we
filmed with some Romanian roamers who
had come to the UK to claim benefits
often fortunately then took British
benefits back to Romania and built
themselves a home I'm going to take
benefit for an England yeah we shouldn't
shy away from stories that are true
stories just because they are
sensational or the contributors are
outrageous in some way because our
lodging so long as the context is there
then that should be fine really key
areas of misrepresentation are around
the day-to-day life of people in receipt
of out of work benefits and how far
that's kind of characterized by maybe
idleness and inactivity and kind of
active choosing to be on benefits people
routinely are really trying very hard to
get into paid work when and where that's
like a realistic option
the British welfare state the provision
of education childcare
and Holmes came about after the Second
World War
designed to ensure a good standard of
living from the cradle to the grave
while popular at the outset by the late
1970s much of the rhetoric from
politicians and the press was anti
welfare social security was depicted as
a burden on the state not a citizen's
right
the explosion of reality TV programs
about benefits has only made this image
worse some benefits claimants have been
transformed by these programs into
celebrities media stars and a mini
industry has since grown around them
take barry tomes a PR agent who saw an
opportunity in the new genre and took it
he has a book of clients who are on
benefits and he says when journalists
and TV producers need help with some
kind of benefit story they call him his
clients can be offered anywhere between
150 pounds to 25 thousand pounds for a
story and Barry takes a cut he also told
us that misrepresentation is a big part
of the game any story that looks like a
benefit recipient is spending big money
that's the key so just take one of our
clients Marine Buchan is a good example
Murray Buchan hadn't been in the press
for a while and she wanted a horse or
some people are going to go nuclear
about you having a horse will be saying
you've got eight children why on earth
would you want to have a horse that's
going to cost you so much money
everybody comes to Cluj and that horse
must cost thousands of pounds so
actually the facts that were printed
were nothing like the truth but I was
happy to run with that because that's
what we do I don't decide if it's fact
or fiction that's for the publisher to
decide there's an exclusive some might
call it fate writers and this media
myth-making has a potentially more
detrimental impact on politics since the
financial crisis 10 years ago
cuts to welfare have been a constant
feature of government policy to sell
those policies politicians often rely on
the same kind of stereotypes that TV
produces a newspaper published
do what we've got is these programs that
are setting themselves up is journalism
giving Tory politicians more ammunition
in order to put through brutal
legislation if you don't have sanctions
essentially you don't condition about a
quarter and you don't change behavior
tabloid headlines have led to debates in
the House of Commons with for example
George Osborne talking about how
taxpayers are subsidizing these
lifestyles and this was after the Daily
Mail headline vile product of welfare UK
it's setting an agenda that the problem
is people who exist in poverty not that
they are not an economic crisis or not
austerity because of people like Murray
that's why we do have to bring a
benefits caffeine in a country where
Social Security cuts are having a real
impact on people in need a media
industry has grown creating its own set
of beneficiaries it is the publishers
producers PR agents and politicians who
reap the benefits you could call it
irresponsible or to use a term the media
usually reserved for those on benefits
shameless
and finally when Indian Prime Minister
Narendra Modi addresses the nation on
his radio program Mun ki baat he doesn't
necessarily stick to politics on his
most recent show Modi called for a mass
movement for a healthier India urging
citizens to make this year's
international yoga day something special
that provoked some Modi fans to produce
a series of animated yoga lessons taught
by the prime minister himself Modi has
endorsed and tweeted the videos with an
enthusiasm that may have something to do
with his digitally enhanced trimmed down
physique or that might be a stretch
we'll see you next time
here at The Listening Post first stand
straight with both your feet at a
distance of two inches from one another
now slowly raise your heels up from the
ground and stand on your toes stay in
this position for about 10 to 15 seconds
take a deep breath in and slowly raise
your arms over your head and join your
hands so that your palms touch each
other in a Namaskar pose take a long
deep breath
and now exhaling slowly bender body
towards the right from your hip
try to touch your right ankle with your
right hand and raise your left hand up
towards the sky when you take in long
deep breaths and exhale it helps you to
remain mentally calm relaxed and tension
free
