it's boom time for Azerbaijan bolstered
by multibillion-dollar oil deposits
under the Caspian Sea the journey from
crumbling Soviet republic - this has
been turbulent as the nation gets richer
one family the iliev have remained
firmly at the helm
when the Soviet Union collapsed in 1991
investment in the oil industry dried up
mass unemployment followed the country
was also locked in a war with
neighboring Armenia over the disputed
enclaves of nagorno-karabakh tensions
rumble on to this day enter Haider
Iliev a former KGB general and Communist
Party leader who reimbursed as the newly
elected leader of an independent
Azerbaijan he cried down hard on
political opponents crushing an
attempted coup in the early 90s he also
signed what his Aries call the deal of
the century with international oil
companies to exploit offshore oil fields
all the while his son Ilham lef was
being prepped for power first as
president of the State Oil Company and
later as Prime Minister
shortly before hey Derral Eve's death
election soon followed an ill ameliafe
became president 15 years on and three
elections later illa Malia
still in power he married through his
wife mehriban into the country's most
powerful business family
she was appointed first vice president
last year politics in Azerbaijan is a
family affair pro-democracy groups
aren't happy but this is how their
concerns are frequently dealt with
Azerbaijan human rights record he's
regressing nobody can speak out in the
voice that challenges the government and
not face consequences and that means
free voices are either in prison or
outside there was air bhaijaan when they
keep quiet waiting in the wings is the
country's next possible leader Heydar
Aliev junior the 20 year olds been
looking more statesmen like lately but
is he being groomed for the presidency
too many Azerbaijan is a post-soviet
poster child an international player the
host of world cultural and sporting
events but it is to this day the only
former Soviet republic to witness the
rise of a ruling dynasty with power
increasingly concentrated in one family
Neve Parker al-jazeera
