it's a debate that divides this country
deeply and that's why on Tuesday
hundreds of people took to the streets
to make their voices heard
Johanna Naevia says that abortion needs
to be legalized in Argentina so that
women like her have some type of
protection I am poor I hardly make
enough money to support my child and I'm
tired of seeing women living in shelters
taking care of children they cannot
support and the reason they have them is
because there is no education we need a
law that would guarantee sexual
education that will assist women to get
conceptive and will allow women to have
an abortion if they don't want that
child abortion is illegal in Argentina
in most cases but the Health Ministry
says that between 370 and 500,000
clandestine abortions are carried out
every year thousands of women are
hospitalized because of complications in
the procedure some of them die there
also at risk of being detained the
hearings are gonna be ongoing for over a
month when at least 1,000 people will
have the right to express their views on
abortion the vote is expected to happen
in June and it's gonna be the first time
in this country's history that Congress
will debate the legalization of abortion
but there are many who are not happy
with the possibility of decriminalizing
abortion in the country they also took
to the streets of Tuesday we want to
save the mothers but also the babies all
lives are important and that's why we're
pro-life in Argentina we defend life not
murder
the hearings include renowned actors
journalists and doctors were hoping
abortion will be legalized in the
country against it are members of the
powerful Catholic Church and politicians
among others the debate has already
polarized Argentinian society and it
will probably intensify in the months
ahead
para Tsavo al Jazeera Buenos Aires
