drug company Nostrum pharmaceuticals has
hiked the price of a sixty five-year-old
antibiotic mixture by up to four hundred
percent to two thousand dollars a bottle
nostrils wasn't the only price hike last
month it was one of sixty according to
analysts at Wells Fargo drug price hikes
and essential medicines a coming out of
political scrutiny from China to the US
remember Pharma bro Martin shkreli or
Pharma bro became infamous back in 2015
the former CEO of turing pharmaceuticals
raised the price of an AIDS drug from
$13.50 a tablet sparking a huge backlash
the reality is that drug makers can
boost prices so that they and middlemen
can make bigger profits while developing
a drug is estimated to cost around two
billion dollars but with advances in
artificial intelligence some are saying
that those metrics could change and
should the consumer really have to pay
those costs well the most expensive
drugs are those that treat the rarer
diseases in the UK NHS spending on drugs
is rising at five times the rate of its
budget according to the Kings Fund
think-tank the cost of cancer drugs in
China was highlighted recently by the
Chinese film dying to survive and it's
becoming a political issue too in the US
with President Donald Trump putting
pressure on companies like Pfizer to
lower prices for life-saving
prescription drugs joining us now from
London is Gustav Ando Gustav's a senior
director and vice president within the
Life Sciences group at IHS market good
to have you with us who decides on the
pricing of a new drug is is there a
world body that decides what's fair and
what isn't very good question no not
really no so it really depends on on the
country that you're talking about each
each country has its own healthcare
system its own healthcare budget and and
by extension its own system of charging
or or or deciding on what a new
treatment should be priced at and what
is a fair level so in many many
countries its it
very very heavily regulated market and
very very difficult to charge I guess
what you would call excessive prices but
then other markets have a very different
healthcare system and they let the free
market decide a little bit more how or
what a fair price for this system is and
in which case there's a multiple layers
of actors who decide on the price
starting with the pharmaceutical company
itself you know that proposing a price
and then having payers insurance
companies and other bodies that can then
weigh in to decide whether this is
actually a fair price or not and then
there can be a negotiation based on that
can you give us any any specific
examples where that actually happens I'm
sure you know I don't want it to become
maybe to UK centric but for example in
the UK that there is a very very lengthy
process although actually the government
has insured to try to quicken that that
process and actually some of the recent
new innovative treatments have come to
the UK a little bit quicker than that
than usual but there's sort of a to and
fro discussion between the
pharmaceutical company on the one hand
who have also been developing this
treatment for let's say ten years or
five years and and conducted multiple
clinical trials and and many drugs have
failed along the way to be able to get
to this potentially one successful one
and they have an idea of what they think
the price of the treatment should be but
then the government obviously on the
other hand has its budget and that it
needs to weigh up against and and has
its own system and its own a mechanism
to decide on what a fair price for the
treatment should be and very often
there's there's actually an initial
rejection of the price and and they go
back to the drawing board and they have
more discussions and then ultimately
they hopefully will reach an agreement
on what is a fair treatment or what is a
fair price for this treatment how is the
big disrupter digitalization affecting
big pharma with people taking more
control of better control of their lives
with with computers now able to predict
perhaps people's chances of of
succumbing to certain illnesses or or
conditions shouldn't digitalization mean
the price of medicines going down and
not up in the future
yes or no I mean the the it really
depends on what angle that you're
looking at digitization for sure changes
almost everything within healthcare and
it means that you're able to conduct
potentially more efficient clinical
trials you're able to more easily
identify potential molecules that you
can target and mechanisms of action that
you can target so and then all the way
through to the actual delivery mechanism
of a treatment so you actually have
digital tablets now for it for example
for a certain for certain treatments so
there's a couple of things that you need
to look at though over what then results
in the final price of the of the of the
drug and that can be the the level of
innovation that this is actually
bringing to treatments potentially
digitalization has a very very strong
ability to enable clients to adhere to
their medications about through you know
digital technology that there are you
know apps out there and and other
technologies that help you and remind
you that you need to be taking your
medication right now and there's also
enormous value in able to be it to be
able to do that and and you know that
can be reflected in the in the final
price of a treatment as well so tech
companies will be the driving force of
digitalization of the pharma industry
these companies that you know like all
tech companies are going to earn data
lots of data on therapies on patients
and research should we as consumers
trust them well we already do and to an
extent you know this is very very
sensitive data clearly and and and again
the healthcare and pharmaceutical sector
has extremely strict privacy guarantees
around this so you know in order to
enter this market or in order to be able
to provide technology for this you have
to sign up to some of the most you know
strict privacy laws that are possible
and in this case so it's a trade off for
sure but it always is as soon as you're
taking a medication or as soon as you're
even visiting a doctor you know you are
talking about an illness and and and
there there may be underlying symptoms
there that are either obvious or or not
obvious and and it's it's it's always a
trade-off it's a contract almost between
yourself and the
that you're sharing with whoever you're
you're talking to in this case and this
is just a new avenue for that and for
sure clearly there needs to be strict
monitoring of it and there already is in
in in in most coast countries around the
world you know this is quite a new area
and so so and they're definitely reforms
taking place in regulatory clamp downs
to make sure that there are that there
is protection in place for patients and
consumers good stuff great talk to you
many thanks indeed for being with us on
counting the cost thank you so much
