it's shaved Tamim bin Hamad Al Thani
--zz first official visit to the US
since President Donald Trump took office
his first formal meeting in the US
Capitol was with the US defense
secretary James mattis expanding
military cooperation was near the top of
their agenda especially in terrorism
Qatar hosts the Americans forward
military headquarters in the Middle East
CENTCOM the rotate military base is
pivotal for US operations in the region
working together and security in the
turbulent Middle East and that teamwork
bolsters our effectiveness on many
fronts and particularly encounters
countering terrorism and defeating Isis
plus countering the spread of Iran's
malign influence in the region this is a
crucial visit for Coty's Amir for the
last 10 months his country has had to
deal with a blockade imposed by Saudi
Arabia the UAE Bahrain and Egypt
what other remains open for the donor as
long as it's there there is nothing in
front of the sovereignty of the states
but as long as they are respecting the
international law as long as they are
respecting our people and their rights
this is what scuttle up into we know
that the region the entire Arab region
suffering from a lot of crisis and
cannot afford more clothes two weeks ago
Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman
met the US president Saudi Arabia and
its allies say the embargo imposed on
Cotta won't be lifted unless Doha
changes its foreign policy
what we have seen so far is that the
crisis has brought in external actors
such as Russia Turkey and Iran into the
region which makes it even more
dangerous because the instability there
would increase if the u.s. is perceived
to lose influence
able to solve the crisis within the GCC
itself a meeting between golf leaders
were scheduled in the US for next month
but it's now expected to take place
later this year the u.s. is trying to
narrow differences among its rival
allies its biggest concern that our
failure to find a political solution to
the crisis could further erode its
standing in the region and undermine its
push to defeat ISIL hash muhammara
al jazeera washington d.c
