despite a plea for unity in the council
there was little in evidence the
emergency session originally called by
nine Security Council members and the
new British ambassador summed up the
majority position options are on the
table we will want to evaluate those in
the light of what we know we prefer to
start with a proper investigation but we
will keep in touch with our very close
allies US and France from the Russian
ambassador though an alternative
narrative his argument that any chemical
attack would have been carried out by
opposition groups and of the direction
of American advisers the intent he
claimed to justify military action
against the Syrian government and
scathing words directed at the US
ambassador across the chamber for
Invisibles notes you're misguided if you
think you have friends the so-called
friends of yours are only those who
cannot say no to you and this is the
sole criterion for friendship and your
understanding the US has proposed the
establishment of a UN investigative
mechanism with an initial one-year
mandate to identify perpetrators of
chemical attacks and while calling for
Security Council action the Ambassador
made a not-so veiled threat history will
record this as the moment when the
Security Council either discharged its
duty or demonstrated its utter and
complete failure
to protect the people of Syria either
way the United States will respond as
the Western Allies gathered in intense
conversation the possibility that in the
face of ongoing Security Council
division some members could contemplate
unilateral and forceful action Mike
Hanna al Jazeera United Nations
