it's a video that supporters have I had
to me me say exposes the abusive tactics
used against the Palestinian teenager in
an attempt to coerce her into a
confession
members of Timmy's family say the video
highlights verbal harassment and
intimidation by two male Israeli
interrogators they say one portion
showing the two men referring to Mimi's
haircolor and eyes is particularly
troubling and inappropriate the free the
Tamizh campaign released the footage to
the media at a news conference on Monday
in Ramallah in the occupied West Bank
her father says Israel decided to make
an example of his 17 year old daughter
in order to discourage Palestinian
children from resisting the occupation
they wanted to break our head to break
her as the symbol she represents in
front of her generation Tamimi was
arrested in December after this video of
her slapping and hitting two Israeli
soldiers outside of her house in the
village of Nabi Saleh went viral her
younger cousin had been shot in the head
by the Israelis with a rubber coated
steel bullet during protests against
settlement expansion in the area her
case drew international criticism and
Tamimi became a hero to many
Palestinians Israeli officials have
defended to Mimi's arrest saying they're
protecting their soldiers and stopping
what they call the incitement of
violence last month Tamimi agreed to a
plea deal with Israeli prosecutors to
avoid more serious charges that could
have led to her being imprisoned for
years human rights defenders say what
happened to Tamimi is not an isolated
incident it represents I think there's
Raley
widespread practice and also it
represents the Israeli official policy
to target children and they target
children by different means for instance
by torturing them by arresting them by
detain them many are outraged by the
video especially by the presence of one
of the two interrogators I've seen I
know hundreds of interrogation sessions
I have never seen a military
intelligence officer present in one of
these interrogations simply never seen
it in hundreds of interrogations of
obscene he's not he's not Shin Bet he's
not police his military intelligence why
was military pure intelligence presence
there the Israeli army says it's passed
a complaint filed by Tamizh lawyer of
improper conduct by the investigator to
the Justice Ministry and it's being
examined Palestinian activists say that
perhaps most of all ahead Tamizh case
has highlighted the plight of
Palestinian children aid organizations
say there are around 300 Palestinian
miners currently being held in Israeli
jail in whose cases like I had to me me
are being heard or will be heard before
a military court and according to
activists those miners will ultimately
also have to enter into plea bargains or
risk facing long term detentions how
many time to imagine Ciera Ramallah and
the occupied West Bank
