three generations of New Age Oz family
are out cleaning a plastic along the
mouth of the Yangtze River one of the
worst spots in the world for plastic
pollution I'm here to protect the ocean
there's a lot of trash on the beach we
saw a video where turtle inhaled a straw
and it bled a lot when people try to
help get the straw out of its nose
littering in dangerous marine species
one of the biggest plastic consumers in
the world
China's numbers are staggering for
instance package delivery services in
2016 used 14 billion plastic bags and
with the rapid increase of food delivery
options it's estimated that 60 million
plastic containers are used each day
many cannot be recycled one campaigner
at the environmental group that
organizes these volunteer cleanup
outings says people seeing the pollution
drives the message home I think we can
look beyond the numbers when we're
talking about the marine waste to the
public statistics are there abstract
it's easier to bring them here to see
with their own eyes and participate in
activities like this that's a more
direct way to make the public realize
the severity of the problem according to
an environmental journalist a river and
its tributaries here carries 1.5 million
tons of plastics into the seat each year
the river passes through some of China's
biggest cities the last one here in
Shanghai before it meets the East China
Sea and then the plastic makes its way
to the Pacific Ocean nature magazine
recently reported that what's known as
the Great Pacific Garbage Patch is much
larger than previously thought twice the
size of France and containing 79
thousand tons of plastic China's
environmental protection ministry admits
there's a big problem and recently
announced that a restructuring plan is
in the works the plan will create better
conditions for fighting the uphill
battles against pollution and improving
ecological environment were obliged
responsible and have every reason to do
a better job in coming days
and the pace of that job needs to
quicken as scientists predict that if
the flow of plastic into the oceans is
not slowed by 2050 the amount of plastic
in the oceans will outweigh the fish
Scott Hauser al-jazeera Shanghai
