fury and frustration in peshawar hoisted
above the chanting crowd photographs of
Pashtuns said to have disappeared or
being killed these protestors blame the
police and the military I think this was
this was an emotional eruption and this
young youth they gathered and they
started this moment and I think they
believe that we will continue this
moment across baucus and it's not only
the first stone from the tribal
territory and even the Pakistani
non-governmental organisations civil
society they are also supporting the
demands of the personal tapas moment
thousands of Pashtun have moved to the
southern port city of Karachi fleeing
from their homes in northern tribal
areas to escape violence along
Pakistan's border with Afghanistan but
Pashtuns say they've been targeted by
the police and the army since the
emergence of the Pakistani Taliban whose
leaders are also set to come from close
to the Pashtuns northern tribal homeland
the most recent killing in Karachi was
Nikita Massoud an aspiring Pashtun model
who his father says had no links to
rebel groups Pashtun say they want the
senior police officer involved in the
killing of Najib to face the death
penalty they deny these are
anti-government demonstrations and say
their demands are simple first demand
was to arrest the culprit the second was
stop humiliation of the Pashtun women
especially the tribal women and children
at the security check post the third
demand was to clean the landmine which
was given in especially in Waziristan in
northern South Waziristan but as support
for the protests grows the government
may be forced to do more to show that
past homes are not being targeted Rob
Matheson al-jazeera
