a crucial visit for Coty's Amir 10
months into the blockade that was
imposed by Saudi Arabia the United Arab
Emirates Bahrain and Egypt the Gulf
diplomatic crisis is likely to be at the
center of talks between Sheikh Tamim bin
Hamad al-thani
and US president Donald Trump I think
all the parties have to come to the
table conditions serious discussion
Qatar is ready and willing to sit and
discuss the issue of our sovereignty is
an issue that will not be Coty's charm
offensive in the u.s. is in full swing a
curious crowd gathers at the Landmark
Bayfront Park in Miami what an exhibit
promoting the Gulf nation is underway
the rocha will move on to other US
cities in the coming weeks my belief has
ambassador was that relationships matter
not just between governments but between
people I feel very honored I mean they
can choose anywhere in the world and
they chose Miami and we see that
narrative playing out over and over
again and we see so many different
countries throughout the world
choosing Miami to do business choosing
Miami to come and visit and try to
create more economic opportunities
Sheikh Hamad bin Jassim is patas
Minister of Economy he leads a
delegation of businessmen seeking to
expand trade with the US for us of the
blockade the state forever from economic
point of view we're fine we can live
forever without those countries as the
Gulf diplomatic crisis drags on the
Qatari government continues to diversify
its trade partners Qatar's investments
in the US for example are estimated at a
hundred forty six billion dollars
including 92 billion dollars in plane
purchases for cutters national carrier
the US has a long-standing relationship
with the Gulf rivals
it's been trying to broker deal there's
been no breakthrough so far
raising fears of further instability in
the region haba haba al jazeera Miami
