emergency workers deal with the
aftermath of the incident a vehicle
driven at speed into a crowded urban
area it happened without warning there
was a loud bang and screaming and then
the police arrived and everyone was sent
outside I didn't see much as there were
lot of police everywhere a lot of people
were running away screaming the
perpetrator took his own life after
steering his vehicle into the crowds the
authorities are working on the basis he
did not have what they call a terrorist
motive turn after I here according to
the current state of the investigation
and it is still early the perpetrator
plowed into a crowd of people was a
German citizen and not as it was
everywhere alleged a refugee or
something similar the details are being
thoroughly examined officers believe the
perpetrator had been psychologically
disturbed for some time late on Saturday
evening armed officers were searching
his home trying to find any evidence
which might shed some light on his
motives this incident has shocked
Muenster Chancellor Angela Merkel
released a statement making clear how
the incident has shaken the country and
promising all assistance of the police
investigation for several years Germany
has been on a raised level of alert
against the threat of violent attacks
this incident means that level is very
unlikely to drop anytime soon Dominic
Kane al-jazeera Muenster
