despite the blue protective vest he was
wearing and despite the fact that the
wordpress was emblazoned on the front of
that vest Palestinian journalist yes at
North Asia was shot by Israeli forces
while covering the mass protests in Gaza
on Friday yes have died early on
Saturday at his funeral in Gaza Hamas
leader is married honey a tribute I
salute all the journalists and priests
who lost their lives in the same way
those who have gone through the road of
suffering in order to portray the
reality for an oppressed people of
frustrated people under siege in Gaza
and all across Palestine but it's the
image of dignity for a proud people a
brave people a straightforward people
brave able to turn the table in the
hardest of times Palestinian journalists
gathered in the occupied West Bank to
commemorate the acid according to the
Palestinian journalists syndicate seven
other journalists were also injured in
protests on Friday the syndicate
describes them as deliberate crimes
committed by the Israeli army and called
on the United Nations to do more to
protect journalists in Ramallah there
was shock and anger the journalists they
want to send a message say that even the
generals in Gaza or in West Bank are the
same for first of all as a Palestinians
second as a journalist and their duty is
to cover what what happened yes it was
30 years old well-known and well-liked
yes there was a gentle soul this is how
everybody describes him he was gifted
journalist a gifted photojournalist and
a documentary filmmaker he leaves behind
a wife and a two-year-old child and he
he has United everybody in in sorrow and
in mourning because he was so so gentle
and so gifted and so dedicated
journalists stood in solidarity with
their dead and wounded colleagues this
is not gonna make us feel helpless or
hopeless it will I think as it did
before make us more determined and now
the syndicate has more tools at its hand
to defend the rights of journalists to
expose Israeli actions and to attempt to
hold it accountable in international
forums so that's a new window of hope if
you will that we didn't have before
words of encouragement at a time when
strength and fortitude may be needed
more than ever before Mohammed Jim Juma
Jazeera Ramallah in the occupied West
Bank
