the business of bees is humming for
nineteen year old student frozen in a
northern Afghan war you woman work
frozen's bees gather nectar from the
flowers near her home
frozen collects their honey and sells it
making her a rare local female
entrepreneur become danger mocha a man
at first there were lots of issues
because the village I live in is
traditional and women are not allowed to
work outside but when I started
beekeeping I realized it's easy then I
told the people about beekeeping and
they accepted it and allowed me to do
the job three years ago frozen got a
loan and bought two beehives in her
first season she sold enough honey to
pay back her home and still make a
profit now twelve of the blue boxes
surround her family home last year she
made fourteen hundred and fifty dollars
that's more than double the average
annual household income in Afghanistan
as you can walk think upon beekeeping
arrived in our village frozen showed
huge interest and I was happy I
supported her because it has been my
dream to have a daughter who could find
a job like this and make a future for
herself the hives are part of a
long-term project across Afghanistan
partly sponsored by aid agencies farmers
who might have grown opium poppies are
encouraged to keep bees and collect
honey instead frozen's honey is sold in
this shop in the nearby city of
mazar-e-sharif and demand is said to be
growing tiersky we want the government
to stop importing poor quality foreign
honey and instead improve our own Afghan
honey Human Rights Watch says nearly
three million Afghan girls still don't
go to school and only 37 percent of
teenage girls can read and write but
frozen says she's determined to create a
more golden future for herself
by studying economics and building her
honey business slowly Rob Madison
al-jazeera
