for almost 70 years fighters from the
Korean National Liberation Army have
been taking up arms against the
government's they want
self-determination for the people of
Korean state most of which is controlled
by the rebel group the government says
it wants peace in the ethnic minority
areas but in the remote villages of
Korean state rebel fighters aren't so
sure
worried about fighting happening again
at any moment so we have to keep our
soldiers prepared how can we trust me
and Mars government and military
everyone in the world knows about them
and even their own citizens can't trust
them one of the main problems is that
the government led by state councilor on
Sun Tzu Chi doesn't have control over
its own military the army ran the
country for almost 50 years and is still
the most powerful body in Myanmar the
relationship between the civilian
government and the military is not good
a source connected to the Army has told
Al Jazeera that has to be resolved
before peace talks with rebels can make
progress so far the Myanmar government
has held two peace conferences with
rebel groups there's also a so-called
nationwide ceasefire agreement in place
so-called because there are still many
groups that haven't signed that deal
among those that have these guys the
Korean National Liberation Army and yet
fighting continues as this footage shot
by a Korean fighter last month shows the
ceasefire agreement isn't holding
as always it's civilians who suffer the
most with almost a hundred thousand
refugees living in camps across the
border in Thailand bull any NGO we want
to go home but we don't dare because the
ceasefire agreement hasn't brought peace
we cannot trust the ceasefire agreement
in the meantime soldiers and rebel areas
are holding their ground like they have
for decades the most experienced
fighters never believed the armed
struggle would still be going we have
fought against them for so many years so
we know that Myanmar will not give us a
quality easily not only the Karen but
other ethnicities too so we have to
fight for our rights but if we cannot
make peace in our time
it will be up to the next generation for
rebel armies disbanding permanently
seems a long way off as many in this
divided country continue to head in
different directions Wayne hey al
Jazeera Karen State Myanmar
