in Gaza Palestinian demonstrators did
what they could to frustrate Israeli
security forces burning tires to obscure
the view of soldiers using mirrors in an
attempt to blind snipers tactics that
reminded many of an earlier era of
resistance I'm so proud of the fact that
now all Palestinian groups including
Hamas jihad Fatah everybody are adopting
this approach of peaceful nonviolent
resistance which has proven to be the
most effective way of dealing with the
Israeli occupation we're dealing with
the Israeli oppression of the
Palestinian people and this definitely
brings us back to three principles
self-reliance self-organization and
defiance of occupation these exactly
were the three principles that govern
the First Intifada and that led to
changing the balance of power the First
Intifada which began in December 1987
marked the first time that Palestinians
from all parts of society began such an
intense resistance to Israeli occupation
in the beginning boys threw rocks and
people marched later fighters began
attacking Israeli soldiers and military
targets it ended in 1993 and by the time
it was over more than 1,100 people had
died tires were also burned in the
occupied West Bank just outside the
illegal Israeli settlement of Beit el
where a small crowd of Palestinian
protesters gathered throughout the day
it was a game of cat-and-mouse that has
become almost a regular occurrence on
Fridays after prayer incoming teargas
from Israeli security forces would force
them to run only to return a short time
later hurling rocks despite calls by
Palestinian political factions for
residents of the occupied West Bank to
come out and protest today attendance at
the demonstrations was relatively low
which really underscores a growing lack
of faith and Palestinian political
leadership
activists say Palestinian officials need
more than ever to build trust one of the
main things is just like to show them a
road map honestly
away from the situation
to tell exactly the people what how we
can go out of the situation to see to
say people want to see an end to 25
years of useless pathetic negotiations
that has been led us to the situation
while officials may be disappointed at
the dearth of demonstrators outside Gaza
they also feel their message this time
will resonate with the international
community what helps us a lot is the
social media the ability of young
Palestinians to use social media and
transmit to the world the real actual
objective reality on the ground the fact
that Israel is ruthlessly shooting
civilians shooting peaceful
demonstrators this is unacceptable
expectations are high the great march of
return will inspire more unity for the
moment at least there is a small
semblance of hope that seems to be
rising above the usual political
divisions mohammed abdullah al jazeera
Ramallah in the occupied West Bank
