the black smoke started billowing since
early morning as gazon kicked off what
was dubbed as the Friday of tires and
for a second week in a row they took
their grievances right up to the fence
despite Israeli army warning that it
won't change his rules of engagement
mainly tear gas and live ammunition
sending the protesters running for their
lives some of them had mirrors to blind
a snipers position across the fence at
least a hundred according to the army
and many hurled stones sixteen-year-old
mohammed was among them during the week
he goes to school and on fridays during
his weekend he comes to the border area
herb McClure they fight us with advanced
methods we have slingshots and we have
stones but they have bombs we want to
eat to drink to work but we have no life
there is nothing for us here and angry
at everything that anger is the main
driving force behind these protests
hamas and other political faction
seeking to gain leverage and israel
fearing the demonstrators will stormed a
fence
300 metres leading to the border fence
or a no-go area for gaza now despite the
threats made by israel that it will use
exactly the same rules of engagement and
it did on the first day of the protest
people came here and that is where most
of the casualties happen at times there
was euphoria among the protesters but as
they drew closer they were immediately
pushed back and the wailing sirens
replaced the chants
it's in the afternoon that the tensions
were highest hundreds of casualties in
just a few hours many here are refugees
who were pushed out of their homes by
newborn Israel back in 1948 going back
is a dream passed on from generation to
generation but Messimer was kicked out
from nyla today known as Ashkelon in
southern Israel she was a child then and
now she's giving support to the youth
fighting for her rights
moonkin thousand lithium can throughout
the year the 300 meters around the fence
are a no-go area for garson's
despite the threat by Israel that they
will use the same rules of engagement as
they did on the first day people have
continued to come here and this is where
most of the casualties happen Gaza is
frustrated by the neverending blockade
know that in the short term
nothing will improve for them but by
risking their lives at defense
they hope to refocus the world's
attention on their plight as perpetual
refugees under siege but Abdel Hamid al
Jazeera Gaza
