Palestinian words meet Israeli bullets
in Gaza from behind the border fence
Israeli snipers have Palestinians and
their sights they shoot tear gas in life
fire and rubber bullets still reeling
from their bloodiest day in years this
was the area where last Friday Israeli
snipers shot 700 Palestinians 21 would
die a week later they're back with a
smokescreen and stretches the casualty
numbers quickly climb injuries turn to
fatalities these tires they are seeing
we're not bringing them for war anything
we brought them to protect ourselves
from Israeli snipers last Friday's
killings happened on what the
Palestinians call land day it's an
annual protest an act of resistance to
Israeli occupation and the seizure of
land for illegal Jewish settlements this
year Israel warned that open fire if
anyone approached the border fence and
then they follow through 1,400 people
were injured many shot by more than a
hundred as railey snipers some in the
back as they ran away another as he
prayed given the large number of
injuries and deaths the ominous
statements made by Israeli authorities
in the days leading up to the protests
as well as indications that the
individuals killed or wounded were
unarmed or did not pose a serious threat
to well protected security forces and in
some cases were actually running away
from the Greenline fence there are
strong indications that security forces
used excessive force Israel has ruled
out any investigation by the United
Nations or the European Union and to
disproportionate use of force it blames
Hamas for inciting its people this is a
travesty for the Palestinian people that
the Hamas and government is encouraging
its people to attack Israel is
encouraging its people to commit acts of
violence and encouraging them to
actually storm into Israel to try to
destroy Israel and kill as many people
as possible
Palestinians will camp here until the
15th of May the day Israel was created
70 years ago others will continue to
press on the border
taunting Israel security forces and
remembering what they've lost loved ones
and land they hold mirrors to blind the
snipers hoping the world can see as they
reflect the violence
Charlotte Bellis al-jazeera
