the relatives of those killed mourn
their dead the brother of one of the
victims was caught up in the attack the
answer coming up we heard heavy gunfire
we ran for cover behind the house a
group of about eight armed fighters told
us to lie on the ground they said it we
refused they will kill us all the city
of Beni is in North Kivu province dozens
of armed groups operating the area
including the allied democratic forces
which is believed to be behind this
latest attack originally a Ugandan rebel
group they've been rooted in the DRC's
Virunga National Park for twenty years
they retreated there after a failed bid
to turn Uganda into an Islamic state the
ADF has a brutal reputation it's blamed
for hundreds of civilian deaths in Beni
over the last three years as well as
mass rape and recruiting child soldiers
people living there say President Joseph
Kabila's government has abandoned them
mechanimal was we are tired of this if
the government has already sold this
country and they should compensate us
and we leave how can it be possible for
civilians to be killed in the city of
Beni where you have the Congolese army
and a United Nations base here people in
Beni are also struggling to deal with an
outbreak of the Ebola virus but where
conflict is complicating the response
science is helping it dozens of people
are being treated with experimental new
drugs for the first time but people also
want protection from the ADF rebels and
say they've had enough of the
government's broken promises victoria
Gaytan be al-jazeera
