the motion is agreed to the US Senate is
now taking what should be the final step
needed to approve Brett Kavanaugh for
the US Supreme Court 30 hours of debate
and a vote the process has been delayed
for nearly three weeks due to
allegations of sexual assault a special
Senate hearing to review the allegations
and a one-week delay so the FBI could
investigate Senator Jeff Flake a swing
vote was pressured by sexual assault
victims into calling for the delay and
yet despite protests out of his office
and a review of the FBI's report flake
says he will vote YES on Kavanaugh and
do you plan to vote YES tomorrow
that's something big changed I don't see
what would but but anyway I'm glad we
had a better process Kavanaugh was
already a contentious choice because of
his conservative views on abortion gun
laws and presidential powers but in
mid-september it was revealed christine
Blasi Ford had accused him of trying to
rape her when they were teenagers
I've never sexually assaulted dr. Ford
or anyone as Cavanaugh tried to clear
his name his testimony before the Senate
Judiciary Committee raised new concerns
was he too hot-headed to be one of the
United States top judges possibly for
decades even the former US Supreme Court
Justice John Paul Stevens called
Kavanagh unfit for the post supporters
called this criticism slander and insist
Kavanaugh should be approved judge
Kavanagh was publicly accused of a crime
and his reputation and livelihood were
at stake so it was only fair that his
accuser have the burden of proof the
consensus is that the burden was not met
Republican lisa murkowski said on friday
she would not vote in Cavanaugh's favor
but two other so-called swing senators
signed off in support of the nominee
moving Cavanaugh's confirmation that
much closer to the finish line i had to
deal with the facts I had in front I
will vote to confirm
judge cabinet the US president Donald
Trump has cheered the US Senate's
decision to hold its final debate and
vote but the outcome won't be known
until all of the senators have actually
cast their ballots and not a second
before
Rosalind Jordan al Jazeera Capitol Hill
