these are unprecedented scenes along
gauzes border with Israel it's the
biggest protest since the tiny strip was
sealed off after Hamas took power over
ten years ago Israeli army has been
widely criticized for using excessive
force they charge it rejects the orders
were strict I mean nobody should cross
the fence but I think there was
restrained their high officers were on
the ground all the time so it wasn't
just a whim of a of of a of a private
you know the UN and the EU have
condemned Israel's excessive use of
force 18 people were killed over 800
injured by live fire according to
Palestinian officials Israel says it
only targeted those trying to breach the
border fence and it claims members of
groups it deems terrorist organizations
infiltrated the protest but human rights
organizations say the evidence shows
otherwise what we've seen is a great
number of people standing at a distance
from defense inside the Gaza Strip and
force live ammunition was used against
them in such circumstances the use of
lethal force is the last course of
action only in circumstances when
there's a risk for life the Israeli
human rights group B'Tselem says live
ammunition is being used as a crowd
control measure I invite everyone you
know just watch the footage and that's
yourself is this reasonable that the
Israeli army with you know backed by a
policy from the Prime Minister down to
use such force in such fashion and with
such result the army claims did use
restraint last Friday and says it will
respond more forcefully to anyone trying
to breach the seperation fence again we
are told the rules of engagement are not
likely to change as you know there's a
strong support for the military and also
for the government at this point outside
pressure can play a role but it's not
strong enough
Israel is used to engaging in conflict
with armed factions in Gaza and its
missile defense system the Iron Dome
intercepting rocket fire but not a
single rocket has been fired out of the
strip since this protest began is rail
is now dealing with the consequences of
a decades-old policy of blockade in Gaza
where two million people are squeezed
into a tiny strip of land Palestinians
say they are desperate for freedom
military force may not be able to
silence them Stephanie Decker al Jazeera
West Jerusalem
