the die is cast as demonstrators for and
against Brazil's charismatic former
President Lula da Silva gathered outside
the Supreme Court narrowly voted against
his petition to remain free while he
appeals a twelve-year corruption
conviction
this means Brazil's most popular
politician and the frontrunner for
October's presidential election must go
to jail it's a victory for Brazilians
unwilling to accept any other verdict
I represent the death of the Supreme
Court unless it puts Lula away the
pressure on the Supreme Court justices
has been constant and intense and not
just out here on the streets the head of
the army came out publicly and said that
he would quote repudiate impunity this
is seen as an unprecedented veiled
threat from an institution that is not
supposed to weigh in on politics at
least not since the end of a military
rule in Brazil back in 1985 further
escalating tensions was this banner in
front of the court openly calling for
military intervention the court decision
was a blow not just to Lula's political
future hundreds of other politicians
under investigation or suspicion of
crimes including two-thirds of Congress
were anxious for the court to set a
precedent that many argue would have
been the death of a nationwide
corruption probe the investigation has
even implicated current president Michel
temer meanwhile supporters of Lula da
Silva who lifted tens of millions of
Brazilians from poverty during his
presidency insist he's a victim of
political intrigue started coming to
Brazil historically every time you have
a president who cares about the working
class he or she becomes a target of this
kind of judicial sabotage promoted by
the elite
Lulla was found guilty of accepting a
seaside apartment in this building in
exchange for helping a construction
company obtain government contracts he
insists he's innocent but the 71 year
old politician who's ignited political
passions like no other in Brazil has
lost what may be his most important
battle to see a Newman al Jazeera
Brasilia
