Facebook has come in for heavy criticism
after it was revealed the data of
millions of users had been shared with
outside parties initially it was thought
by media sources the breach took in 50
million users now it's been revealed by
Facebook itself after an internal review
the figure is much higher 87 million
Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg told
reporters on a conference call he'd no
plans to step down and the company would
change the way it handled users data in
the future now we have to go through
every part of our relationship with
people and make sure that we're taking a
broad enough view of our responsibility
it's not enough to just connect people
we have to make sure that those
connections are positive and that
they're bringing people closer together
it's not enough to just give people a
voice we have to make sure that people
are not using add voice to hurt people
or to spread this information and it's
not enough to give people tools to sign
a task we have to ensure that all those
developers protect people's information
too Facebook didn't tell any of its
users back in 2015 that information had
been accessed by the firm Cambridge
analytic ah which was contracted by the
Trump presidential campaign to help
election ad targeting it now faces
questions about the number of fake news
stories posted during the election and
the presence of Russian operatives on
the service the company also had links
to another firm which provided analysis
for the vote leave campaign in the
British EU referendum of the 87 million
potentially affected users more than 70
million are in the u.s. mark zuckerberg
will face a US House committee next week
to discuss the scandal and several
states are investigating what happened
and if any laws were broken Allen Fisher
al Jazeera Washington
