I'm joined now by AI senior political
analyst Marwan Bashara some are on let's
start with this message from Trump to
the Saudis basically saying if you want
our continued support against Isis
you're going to have to pay up is that
to some degree a demeaning message well
it's certainly not conventional in
international relations for a country
especially like the United States to
function like a mercenary if you pay
then we will put our soldiers like a
private contractors at your service in
Syria or or any elsewhere it's really
problematic for the the world superpower
the one that is responsible for the New
World Order since second world war the
one that has actually managed to be the
custodian of that order for seven
decades now to be moving into these piti
transactional modes whereby if you are
oil-rich then we will be at your service
we will put our soldiers at your service
and the service iver whims whether it's
in Syria in Yemen or it is problematic
in every possible way Marwan we also
held an Allen Fisher mentioned there
that the Gulf American summit it looks
like it's gonna be postponed how is that
significant look I mean there's a good
number of reasons I tend to be
suspicious about these things I will not
take anything face value especially
these statements coming from officials I
think on the one hand the United States
while it does want Gulf unity under
America umbrella I think President Trump
is having a good time exploiting this
crisis certainly is milking the various
Gulf countries in a major way I mean it
was embarrassing already even for the
crown prince the way he put that sign
saying I was selling you this much
hundreds of millions this much billions
of dollars in arms while they were
meeting in the White House later on for
every possible service he would ask for
money in return and he's done that with
the United Arab Emirates with Qatar or
Saudi Arabia with Kuwait and so on so
forth
I think he's not unhappy with that
that's one - clearly in terms of Qatar I
mean they have a
and we've heard that from the various
contacts they have already implemented
everything that the Americans demanded
of them in terms of financing terror in
terms of coordinating on a strategic
level and so on so forth I think the
United Arab Emirates does not want a
deal with Qatar at this point in time
and I think Saudi Arabia is not that
enthusiastic for a deal why for the
simple reason and I've always argued
that for almost a year now it's very
hard to climb down a palm tree can we
expand on that a little they say it's
very hard that it's very hard to climb
down a tree once you made the big
mistake
I think the Emiratis and the Saudis made
the mistake of hacking the Qatari News
Service and launching a kind of
psychological warfare against Qatar and
they almost wanted to invade Qatar
according to various intelligence
reports and then it all backfired and
then it was all would always clear for
everyone including the Trump who in the
beginning supported the United Arab
Emirates and Saudi Arabia this was all
wrong and that Qatar does combat terror
and it does have a major American base
and that it is an ally of the United
States and so and so forth so the Saudis
and the Emiratis need to climb down the
tree because they made a big mess of it
and now it's been almost a year but in
the Gulf it's not just any tree it's a
palm tree it's very difficult to climb
down upon tree
Samar one if Trump is moving the US and
its supports away from us serving the
world model to pay for our support model
what does that tell us about their world
view more generally it's very simplistic
and it's very transactional he's trying
to imitate what Barack Obama did but in
a completely wrong way Barack Obama said
look we cannot be the custodians of the
world alone yes we were the initiator
the creator and the guardians of this
world order for several decades but now
Europe has resurrected and China is out
there and and Russia is returning and
this course you know the rest of the
world like Indy
others eleven wants to parole so the
United States needs to share the
leadership as well as the
responsibilities you know and the pay
for whatever the world needs to do so
you want it to be a multilateral world
order yes perhaps led by the United
States but along with other countries
President Trump comes in with a totally
more simplistic naive way of saying
forget about the world order we don't
care about the water we're losing in
this world order the trade is working
against us and security is working it
NATO is not serving as we're serving
it's and NATO members are not paying
their bit and the Gulf countries are not
paying their share and so on so forth so
from now on guys if you want us to help
in anything if you want to trade with us
if you want our security you're gonna
have to pay up well the problem with
that is that Russia will make the same
offer to its clients France will make
the same offer China of definitely will
be making the same offer and hence we
will have an entire world like like like
a Tower of Babel whereby everyone is is
financing and arming everyone else and
it's going to be a big chaotic mess
Marwan Bashara Marwan thank you thank
you
