the deal was on then it was off this was
the reaction in Tel Aviv by some who had
hoped that tens of thousands of asylum
seekers from Eritrea and Sudan would
finally have their legal status resolved
denman Gaza is one of them
he made the dangerous journey from
Eritrea in the Horn of Africa alone at
the age of 16
he's been here for six years in his
fluent in Hebrew he shows us his
immigration papers that he needs to
renew every two months first of all
there is racism in this country and this
is a difficult disease especially
amongst politicians this we could have
dealt with but then there's the issue
that that government takes 20% of the
money we make and puts it in a deposit
we can only see this money when we leave
the country this puts huge pressure on
us the deal would have seen just over
16,000 African asylum seekers resettled
in Western countries under the auspices
of the United Nations and in exchange is
railroad process and resolve the status
of up to 20,000 others who would remain
in the country something it hasn't done
it would also replace an ultimatum
issued by the Israeli government last
year be deported to an unknown African
country or face an indefinite time in
jail but activists tell us that even
this now-cancelled deal which brought
some hope was flawed this is the first
time we had a chance to take part to
take responsibility to share the burden
with the world and say look it's hard
for us blah blah blah even though it's
not hard we're benefiting it
economically but let's say it's hard for
us we're a Jewish state where we are
going to take our we're going to take
our share and taking refugees we are
actually from a modern stay from out
like democracy state we're trading we're
saying okay we can't even take care of
60,000 we're throwing them back to the
world many of the African asylum seekers
we've been speaking to live here in
southern tel aviv and they will tell you
that there was a short lived moment of
hope but now it is back to the
uncertainty that they have experiencing
here for years and they say they don't
know what these
government will do next these people
have been living in a legal limbo for
years under the constant threat of
prison or deportation we're told this is
all part of a systematic strategy to
force them to leave Israel human rights
activists say this is an inherently
racist policy aimed at preserving the
identity of Israel as an exclusively
Jewish state and it appears that a plan
that would allow up to 20,000 asylum
seekers to stay in Israel and get some
form of legal status was something that
those in the country's far-right didn't
tolerate for even half a day Stephanie
Decker al Jazeera tel-aviv
