the Dutch national Alex vanderzwaan
received a $20,000 fine thirty days in
prison and two months of supervised
release he admitted he lied to
investigators and withheld information
relating to the special counsels
investigation into former Trump campaign
chairman Paul mana four and his deputy
Rick Gates lobbying for Ukraine both
have been charged with undeclared
foreign lobbying and money-laundering
vanda's ones sentencing is not connected
to allegations of the Russian government
colluded with the Trump campaign in
order to sway the 2016 presidential
election vanderzwaan was being
interviewed as a special counsel
investigated Paul manna for and Rick
gates lobbying and alleged money
laundering as they lobbied with the
Ukrainian government years before the
election while they were working for
former ukrainian President Viktor
Yanukovych man of foreign gaits worked
with vampers worm but vanderzwaan failed
to disclose several conversations he had
in 2016 with gates and a longtime kiev
based business associate of manifolds
about that work the FBI alleges that
business associate has links with
russian intelligence and that's caused
excitement among those looking for a
smoking gun in the russian investigation
but the discussions are reported to have
focused on payment for the Ukrainian
lobbying it's long been clear that the
special counsels investigation isn't
limited to the allegations of Russian
conspiracy any illegal business deals or
improper contact with foreign interests
among those in Donald Trump's orbit are
being probed alex van der swans prison
time is being interpreted as a warning
to those who feel they need not be
forthcoming with the investigation
she habitants the al Jazeera Washington
