economic freedom fighters celebrate the
life of Winnie Mandela through songs of
struggle it's a political party largely
supported by young people and which
shares the same populist ideals of the
woman who kept the anti-apartheid
campaign alive when I has been Nelson
Mandela was imprisoned for 27 years
because of her firebrand politics and
apologetic positions some would say
militant leadership and post apartheid
scandals we may had an uncomfortable
relationship with a leadership of the
ruling African National Congress she
helped build the leader of vff Julius
Malema led supporters in paying his
respects saying he relates to her
struggle and learned his equally
abrasive polymer and Winnie Mandela were
particularly close she stood by him when
few within the ANC dared to after he was
expelled from the party she continued to
see and give him political advice
through the years and in turn he says
you will not tire of defending her
legacy and fighting for what she stood
for many here say that Winnie Mandela
politics was Methodist
that shows just human and make mistakes
but that side of her life should not
overshadow what they believe is of great
a legacy women like Bowie Missoula told
us they are angered by the ongoing
debate about her checkered life we will
make sure that her legacy continues if
they think that they have dealt with
wienie you must know she has cloned
herself into many witnesses
I'm one of them the freedom fighter will
be given a state burial next Saturday
many people we want to remember the
significant role she played in the
country's liberation struggle for which
she suffered at the hands of the
apartheid regime she was fighting but
others say the controversial side of her
life cannot simply be leashed away
Kathleen soy al Jazeera Johannesburg
