by all appearances the phone call looks
routine with no hint of the desperation
now head feels every one asks why we
hate Israel Israel isn't just taking
away our land it's not just killing
people Israel is also taking away our
loved ones without giving us the
opportunity to say our goodbyes every
day Israel is giving us a new reason to
hate it as a Palestinian from Gaza
living and working in the occupied West
Bank knobhead is trying to arrange
permission to get back home and mourn
with her family she says her nephew
Hamid a farmer was killed by Israeli
fire while working his land before the
mass protests in Gaza on Friday I still
don't know whether I'll get the permit
or not I'm tired of going to bury people
and come back I'd love if I got the
permit to go to Gaza eat fish have fun
and see the people I love
over the course of two days in the West
Bank demonstrators came out to express
solidarity with people in Gaza against
the Israeli occupation and to denounce
American policy which they say is biased
toward Israel but attendance was sparse
in light of the numerous calls for a
campaign of escalation in the West Bank
this week you would have expected a
protest like this to be much larger but
here in a mullah it's a pervasive sense
of resignation that seems to far
outweigh any feelings of anger in many
instances it's a growing cynicism toward
the Palestinian political leadership
that has been behind the dwindling
number of protesters over the past
several years Palestinian officials
don't deny the existence of that
sentiment the position of the leadership
is really strong and tough but it has to
be translated into terms of of policies
on the ground and I think that's where
we are wrong that's what we have not
really been able to to lead in downtown
the Ramallah some residents worried the
split between the two main Palestinian
groups Fatah and Hamas will seep ever
more into the social fabric we need to
tell the politicians enough dividing us
stop saying West Bank and Gaza so we
don't feel this division or the
express their frustration mob has in the
finesse of lucha
I don't feel that there are people who
encourage and push us to go to protests
it's not enough for one or two people to
show up you need leadership to encourage
you and you need daily demonstrations
but with levels of fatigue here as high
as they've ever been many worry things
will only get worse
Mohammed Jim Juma Jazeera Ramallah in
the occupied West Bank
