selling in markets is how many people
here earn a living and a lot of these
products come from China
Zimbabwe's once thriving industrial
sector isn't creating enough jobs and
goods for the domestic market I like to
tell them to bubble the the keep us
going at least what something to do then
to just sitting president a Miss America
is in China his first state visit
outside Africa since he took over from
Robert Mugabe in November he signed
several trade agreements with President
Xi Jingping including deals in
agriculture transport and mining
economist say it's a positive move but
Warren Zimbabwe has sometimes failed to
pay back loans its received from China
the credibility has borrowers to make
commitments to make repayments and we
lack that credibility because we've lost
so much of our own productive capacity
Beijing recently financed expansion of
the Kariba South Power Station which
cost more than five hundred million
dollars officials say this will add
another three hundred megawatts to the
National Grid Zimbabwe's government says
it's broke it needs direct foreign
investment to improve infrastructure
China spent more than two hundred
million dollars building the shopping
mall in Harare it's also built a
military academy but there is
competition from other foreign powers
Russia is building a platinum plant just
outside the capital with an estimated
four billion dollars the Chinese are
mining platinum diamonds and chrome in
Zimbabwe zubaba exports most of his
tobacco to China China appears keen to
cement his decades-long relationship
with Zimbabwe and keep ahead of
competition from other countries
struggling Zimbabweans hope the
seemingly close ties will mean economic
growth and jobs her Matassa al-jazeera
Harare
