the charges date back to Lee myung-bak
time in office ten years ago and
highlight once again the graft prone
links between big business and South
Korean politics it was alleged in court
he accepted millions of dollars in
illegal payments from institutions
including Samsung and embezzled millions
more from a private company that he had
control over actions the court condemned
as a betrayal of public trust
the accused aroused mistrust and
disappointment in our society as well as
in the people who have supported and
believed in him Lee boycotted the
proceedings
apparently in protest at them being
broadcast live to South Korea Lee a
conservative claims the case is
politically motivated by the current
liberal administration email margin
which our prosecutors investigation
against the Lee myung-bak administration
is clearly a personal attack targeting
me Lee is the fourth former president to
be imprisoned since leaving office
the most recent before him Park geun-hye
is serving a more than 30 year sentence
for crimes she committed before being
impeached and removed from office last
year since moving towards democracy in
the 1980s all South Korean leaders have
been tarnished to some degree by alleged
wrongdoing either by themselves or their
immediate families while in office for
many political commentators cases like
Lee's have become familiar hands many
Koreans are first raided on the other
hand they want to move forward and dream
for better more democratic society part
of the problem say critics is the power
enjoyed by South Korean presidents it's
led to a debate about whether
presidential power should be curbed
but for now jailing former leaders who
abuse that authority seems to be
accepted as a fact of political life
Robert bride al Jazeera Seoul
