Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu announcing on national
television a solution for the future of
thousands of African asylum seekers in a
notice of multi Shushan it's a unique
agreement with Israel that we move
sixteen thousand two hundred and fifty
people we moved them to developed
countries like Canada or Germany or
Italy that's the commitment of the
United Nations High Commissioner to
remove them to organize it to fund that
expense just now is later No Deal on
Facebook and Twitter he u-turned caving
under pressure from members of his
government and the public he posted that
the agreement was suspended because he
first needed to hear the concerns of
residents and southern tel aviv where
many asylum seekers have settled he
wrote dear friends I am attentive to you
as always
and foremost to the residents of South
Tel Aviv I am suspending the
implementation of the agreement and
after meeting with the residents I will
bring the agreement for reconsideration
Netanyahu issued an ultimatum to 40,000
African migrants last year take up my
offer of three and a half thousand
dollars and a plane ticket to an unnamed
African country or face an indefinite
time in jail in Monday's Facebook post
he wrote that country was Rwanda but
said it had backed out of the deal so he
was negotiating instead with the UN in
his words it was an agreement that would
still allow the removal of the
infiltrators Israel would keep 20,000 of
the asylum seekers the other 20,000
would go to Western nations this was
celebrated by asylum seekers who had
feared deportation to an unknown country
most of them are either from Eritrea or
Sudan in the past they've told Al
Jazeera they would choose jail over
returning to Africa I can go to Rwanda
because they have small kids so I want
to be in jail whether he kill me there
with her I don't want to back to Africa
human rights organizations had also
fought the mass deportations Israelis
protested what many called an inherently
racist policy aimed at preserving the
identity of the Jewish state we believe
that Israel
the obligation to uphold the Refugee
Convention that it is a signatory to to
fully examine the refugee request
Netanyahu may have an obligation to
examine request from asylum seekers but
ultimately he can decide their future
how much he listens to Tel Aviv's
residents and the country's hard-right
will determine the fate of 40,000 people
Charlotte Bellis al-jazeera
