in the struggle to end segregation in
the United States in the 1950s and 1960s
Martin Luther King jr. was at the head
of the marchers and the boycotters a
powerful symbol of non-violence pushing
for legal and social improvements for
African Americans but according to the
new documentary King in the wilderness
King had a vision of achieving more a
vision still unfulfilled 50 years later
Taylor branch is Kings biographer and
one of the film's executive producers we
were on a mission to redeem the soul of
America from the mankind's triple
scourge of racial bigotry war and
poverty for a largely invisible tiny
minority to have that as an ambition is
just stunning King was a preacher by
training and so it was natural for
Americans to consider him a leader even
a prophet but only to a point
as long as King gave speeches on voting
access to public spaces and equal
treatment under the law
branch says his support was widespread
but once President Lyndon Johnson signed
the Voting Rights Act into law in 1965
King's influence cratered even among his
fellow activists because he opposed the
Vietnam War because he was trying to
launch an anti-poverty campaign and
because young people impatient for
change cheered on the black power
movement
what depressed King more was the great
rush of excitement about black power
that obliterated all the questions of
the potential of non-violence and how
quickly non-violence became kind of
passe in the culture by the time King
was assassinated on April 4th 1968 he
was drained under FBI surveillance and
worried about a race war but he still
wanted to work 50 years after Martin
Luther King's death people speak of the
dream he had for a better society
King is revered but it's important to
remember he wasn't the USS st. rosiland
Jordan al-jazeera Washington
