Winnie Mandela the former wife of Nelson
Mandela spent years in the public high
as an anti-apartheid campaigner my
husband has been fighting for the
liberation of the African people for the
working harmoniously of all the racial
groups in this country she been
suffering from a long illness for which
she spent much of this year in an out of
hospital she was revered and
controversial in equal measure during
her husband's 27 year imprisonment in
Robben Island when he played a crucial
role in directing the anti-apartheid
struggle in 1990 Nelson Mandela was
freed and the world watched as the duo
walked out of prison hand-in-hand but by
the end of the next year when he was
found guilty and fined for her
involvement in the kidnapping of four
sweaty schoolchildren and the killing of
a boy known as stompy by her team of
bodyguards the necklacing method in
which he was burnt to death with petrol
filled tires horrified South Africans in
1992 allegations of corruption and
mismanagement forced her out of all
executive positions in the ANC but
shortly after she was appointed as
culture minister in Mandela's unity
government
she was sacked a year later for
insubordination but kept her position as
a member of parliament and head of the
women's league her marriage to Mandela
ended in 1996 Winnie however remained a
strong figure in South Africa's social
and political circles the reality we see
out today
I think our West's problem today is
crime and of course what goes
hand-in-hand with that is the poverty of
our people we are far from fighting the
battle of poverty in fact the next
revolution in this country is a
against the poverty of our people all
there she faced controversy in the
latter parts of her life for millions of
South Africans Winnie Mandela holds a
special place for her brave fight
against discrimination and for equality
to relieve this struggle a hundred times
more if at the end of it I would achieve
precisely what we achieved as the
African National Congress the liberation
of South Africa the liberation of my
people
