it's World Autism day and a praise weld
autism month the brain disorder affects
over 67 million people around the world
so why is autism still so poorly
understood this is inside story
hello and welcome to the program I'm
Hashim Alberto the us-based Center for
Disease Control describes autism as a
developmental disability that can cause
significant social communication and
behavioral changes monday marks World
Autism Awareness Day to highlight the
issue in different countries but autism
is still misunderstood some see it as a
psychiatric illness or even bad behavior
but it's one of the fastest growing
brain disorders
it affects 1% of the world's population
that's an estimated 67 million people
the causes are still being investigated
but many experts have come to the
conclusion that a combination of
environmental and genetic factors play
an important role the condition is a
spectrum which means there's not one
type of autism and it can affect people
in different ways symptoms can include
patients being trapped into their own
mind suffering difficulties with
communication and social interaction
although it can't be cured it's believed
that early intervention can greatly
improve symptoms but when it comes to
treatment many countries are still
lagging behind we'll get to our guests
in a moment but first this reports from
Natasha Butler in Paris when Hugo was 2
years old his parents discovered that he
had autism a condition that affects
behavior and communication doctors told
the couple to place their son in
psychiatric daycare psychologists blamed
them for his behavior
psychologists who say you're making
things up or it's your fault or that
you've caused this condition because
you've loved him too much or not enough
you breastfed him too much or not enough
we need to get out of this
psychoanalytical approach today Hugo
attends his local school with a carer
but that's rare in France where most
autistic children have no access to
mainstream education
on Saturday families marched in Paris
they say the French state's treatment of
autistic children is shameful and they
want change putting children in
psychiatric hospitals has to stop it
makes families suffer and the children
won't develop campaigners say that
France around 50 years behind countries
like Britain and United States when it
comes to diagnosing and treating autism
and one of the big reasons they say for
that is that France still focus is very
much on ineffective psychiatric
treatment instead of educational and
behavioral therapies but psychiatrists
say that they have an important role to
play when it comes to autistic children
you'd have to really ignore the facts to
say that they are not suffering when
people tell me
jeezum is just another way of being in
the world or just a different type of
intelligence
it will it trivializes it muhammad saaw
g-d was so fed up with a lack of support
and options in france for his son Sammy
he set up his own school the emphasis
here is on behavioral therapy and
integrating children into mainstream
school and society the new government
must decide to break with the old system
and create a new public health strategy
for autism that means extra money new
training and new methods which some of
us in France are already using the
United Nations recently condemned France
for violating the rights of autistic
children the government says it's taking
the matter seriously
it's preparing to launch a new autism
action plan this month but few people
here dare to hope that it will provide
the support and financial help they've
been waiting for for so long
Natasha Butler al Jazeera Paris
let's bring in our guests here in the
studio
Hearst Nevada a mother of a child with
autism and a doctor who has researched
the disorder joining us on skype from
Baltimore Margaret
Daniel Fallon chair of the department of
mental health at Johns Hopkins Bloomberg
School of Public Health and also here in
Doha for a - a ban from the Qatar
Biomedical Research Institute at Hamad
bin Khalifa University welcome to you
all I would like to start by asking
Margaret this is this is World Autism
day and many people seem to struggle
with the notion of autism how can we
explain autism what is it well I think
your description at the top of the show
was really a quite good one autism is a
very very different disorder amongst
people affected by autism spectrum
disorder but they all come together in
the sense that there's some limitation
in social interactions in abilities to
communicate and often in repetitive and
stereotypic behaviors mr. Shahbandar
there have been many theories in the
past over the cause of autism do we have
an established reality or truth about
what exactly causes autism
well actually till now the interaction
between the genetic factors and the
environment factors still play a part
and this disorder so it's a heterogenic
disorder many genetics many genes are
involved and also there are so many
environment environmental factors
affecting this condition and that's why
it's on the increase for the past 20
years firstly you are a speech therapist
but also a mother of a child who is an
autistic what was the most difficult
part for you dealing with a child who
has autism dealing with a child is the
most important difficulty for us
unchallenged to find god bless for him
to learn and to to try to make him
good choice with his with his disability
and to try to make him offer take it and
and and trying to to solve this problem
because as I said didn't nobody support
us and also trying to find good the
blaze in the ends at school and to try
to find a program which is good for him
so two challenges basically people have
no idea about what is autism yeah and
second issue is basically trying to find
the right place for him to grow up
normally and try to learn basic skills
I mean Margaret you've seen the report
and it's basically about French people
saying that France one of the most
advanced countries in the world the way
it treats its autistic people is a
scandal that would leave you to ask what
would be the case in places where health
care program and system is poor so it is
true that the challenges for providing
services for families affected by autism
spectrum disorder is enormous even in
countries that have very good health
care early detection and understanding
the differences between as was
characterized poor behavior and judging
of parental practices versus an actual
disorder and that really can be improved
with the right kinds of engagement is a
challenge when you move to other
countries that don't have a recognition
or an awareness of this kind of disorder
in place or don't have the services
infrastructure to manifest services even
if there were awareness it's really
quite a challenge and you gave those
worldwide prevalence numbers in many
places we actually don't know what the
prevalence is because it's so difficult
to to detect in in systems where there's
very few service options so miserable
why is it difficult to detect autism at
an early stage because we've seen cases
of people who were only told at the age
of 15 20 25 30 40 that you are autistic
yeah actually it's because it's due to
the availability of health services and
specialized
physicians and psychologists in the
field here in Qatar we you know we did a
survey to find the prevalence rate in
autism so we did seek raining for ninety
three primary schools between the ages
five to twelve and we found the results
amazing I mean it used to be known as
three per 10,000 what we found it's much
much higher it's almost as equal to 0.9
to 1.2 percent among children attending
the mainstream schools also we extended
our study to include all centers and
hospitals providing services for the
autistics and the results were amazing
and as you know Qatar is one of the
leading countries in the awareness and
her Highness sheikha Moza in 2007 she
started the the Autism Awareness Day
with an you know with the United Nation
so it depends early detection depends
mainly on the awareness and the
profitability of services husna is your
child in a mainstream school or is he
confined to a an institution for special
needs children yes a Center for special
needs children not a ministry because
the severity of his the problem is big
when this is a big case yes yes moderate
to severe case so we can put him in
ministry would you like to see him
admitted in a mainstream school of
course this is one of my hope and I'm
trying hard to work with him to find the
specialist to work with him to I know
when you say to help people understand
when you saved into trying ha is it
because official have not been receptive
to you pushing for him to be admitted in
a mainstream school to live normal life
or is it the bureaucracy here if it's a
big case and then it has to vehicle not
the bureaucracy you know the main
problem is his severity because here I
loved each other to go to ministry in
school if they are might if they are
moderate to severe
not allowed to them to go to ministry
because they will affect on the
education process so there is a
condition and for children to go to
mainstream and all right children
severity don't any progress in his
condition since he has been yes yes I
work hard with him and also as a
specialist work hard with him and we
would good boy degrom we follow him a
lot and we're trying to support him a
lot of progress since I come to cutter
this is surprise you see the change yes
in terms of learning basic skills like
talking reacting yes and I contact
because most office to each other who
has testicles they have boy contact the
eye contact is good now as focusing and
the attention is become very very high
so a lot of improvement happen to her
okay Margaret there's a problem here
basically if you've seen our report in
France a country where psychoanalysis
plays a significant role in for quite
some time the view is that the best way
to tackle autism is to confine people to
specialized institutions where they can
have decent life parents are saying no
we would like to live with our children
and we would like to try something
different we have two different views of
how to deal with autism here so in the
United States this recognition that
deinstitutionalization that people with
mental and behavioral disorders really
can live rich fulfilling lives out in
the community and not in a psychiatric
facility has been the norm for for many
years here and it's certainly true in
the case of autism there are as you just
heard great strides that can be made
through behavioral therapy now that does
not mean as was mentioned earlier that
there is a cure but it does mean that
individuals can learn coping skills that
help them to function in parts of
society and certainly that can get
educational needs met even in special
educational settings if not in
mainstream educational settings I would
say the
we wouldn't remove psychiatry from the
spectrum of services that one could and
should get in fact many individuals with
autism do have other psychiatric
conditions but that that does not negate
the idea that moving to the community is
possible and for most individuals a good
outcome
mr. Siobhan you know this divide between
the psychiatrist's and those proponents
of the applied Behavioral Analysis which
one is mostly applied here in Doha and
Doha of course it depends on the
severity of the condition but most of
the Centers usually provide the
behavioral therapy the other therapy but
in certain cases where the child needs
certain psychiatric involvement for
instance treatment or certain other
medications we usually refer them to the
child psychiatrist otherwise the
intervention we applied here in most of
the centers like the Shephelah
Center the city center Ramallah hospital
the usual apply all these interventional
rehabilitation programs and it seems
that it's working and it the results are
very good first now I would like to ask
you this question particularly about the
community do you feel like there's an
awareness about autism do people
understand the case of your child how do
they interact with him has it been
difficult for you throughout all this
time actually there are a lot of people
who know they know autistic and they
know the condition and but we have to
work hard because most of the people who
know that the autistic have autistic
children at home or they have very
little that's why they yes so we have to
work hard on community also now there
are very good movement women there's a
mom of autistic children now make
associates association and they are very
nice they are trying to
right for their children to get their
surface which is very good beginning for
them and actually I need some of them
the most important things they have
support from the government in Qatar so
this make us to have hope for future
that they will make some difference in
community and moderate in many places
now people the the trend is to go for
applied Behavioral Analysis many people
believe because it fosters basic
learning skills the senses the reception
it could potentially be the alternative
for the future are you or the view that
a be a is the future for people with
autistic children so that's a difficult
question for me to answer because I am
NOT a clinician I'm an epidemiologist
who thinks more about the potential
causes and studies how those treatments
are implemented but I will tell you that
you know I've certainly seen children
and adolescents and older that have
really benefited from a b a.type
therapies and this natural setting
component i think really is a critical
one for building skills that help with
all kinds of life functioning but I
can't comment into too much further than
that
even that I'm not a clinician I'll bring
this question also to mr. Ashab an ABA
has been seen widely by by people as the
best tool to foster skills such as
looking listening imitated but also
complex skills such as understanding
other people's perspective do you
believe that this could potentially
become an alternative for families whose
children suffer from autism actually
it's not an alternative it's part of the
full intervention actually you know
first the child will be evaluated to see
whether his communication skills his
entered social interaction and the
intellectual disability whether you know
and then they will get a plan for him
for intervention and the ABA
he plays a very important part for to
give the best results available mm-hmm
host no I mean dealing with a child with
autism is a real challenge but then
navigating thro the complex daily life
is also another issue we have to take
them to good institutions good schools
think about their future
seeing them hopefully in the future job
interacting with their community you
think this is something that could
potentially happen in the near future
and that the elements are there to make
it a very smooth transition for I wish
this will happen a new near future
because I saw a lot of family which has
older than my son older autistic
children who as autistic and under the
man's son and they are now without any
surface good surface for them so I don't
want my son to be rich to the sisters
which no no surface table and you have
to try it by yourself by try or by fault
maybe you only do it by yourself
correctly or because no Institute
dealing with with all barriers children
with adult autistics children so I hope
this will be the movement of government
and the movement of community to talk
interact and work together to solve this
problem as soon as possible because a
lot of family suffering and at the end
they are member and the society we have
to take care of them as human being
Margaret I mean are we we prepare to
cope with the growing number people with
autism world why do we have the
infrastructure worldwide the know-how
the facilities the treatment to cope
with this or do you think the red flag
should have been raised I would agree
that we don't yet have the facilities
that we need as we've discussed we
aren't great at even being able to
detect children with autism and as was
just mentioned children with autism
become adults with autism and we are all
just learning the importance and the
ways in which we can integrate adults
with autism into our communities
by providing the right kinds of
secondary and post-secondary schooling
by figuring out the right kinds of
employment opportunities by figuring out
the right kinds of housing and how to
take care of the physical health of
individuals with autism so there's so
much to be done from the very early
stages of life all the way through the
life course and so I'm optimistic that
these questions are now being raised and
that attention is being paid to them but
these are critical areas and so you know
I would agree with the red flag idea mr.
Schaben as a researcher this you know
this is something that creates loads of
anxieties for families yeah autism is
not the same symptom for the same case
you have Tourette's syndrome you have
hyper attention deficit disorder you
have coordinated movement disorder you
have hyperactivity and people now are
struggling to cope with brain disorders
that are taking different shapes isn't
this an indication that we are getting
into a new uncharted territory not only
for families but also for your
scientists oh you know autism I mean
disorder or ASD it's it's the problem
you cannot say that this case of autism
is similar to the second one because of
the so many comorbidities and so many
other you know complications that comes
with the disorder and that will be a
real challenge for researchers for
physicians and for psychologists for
everybody but everybody is trying their
best to find solution for instance hasna
mentioned here in Qatar in Qatar
actually we have the chef Allah
you know Center for children with
disabilities that deals with all their
children and they have a program to try
and you know to deal with those grown
ASD till the ages of 21 and try to train
the family so that
how to cope with their adult or teenage
after school and you know to involve him
in to find an occupation that fits his
ability cetera so it's not easy and the
other important things which I need to
mention now there are technologies in
the early diagnosis of ASD and one of
them the eye tracking technology now we
are trying to research a project done in
many parts of the world among them the
Cleveland Clinic and now we signed an
agreement collaboration and we are going
to start this in June and this the
importance of this it can detect ASD as
early as six months I see your point
yeah while we're doing this show on
autism also have to think about places
where people have absolutely no idea
about the problem there's no
infrastructure no health care system and
people live and die without knowing
anything about this this this disorder
has 'no we care about our children when
they are children teenagers but then the
care and the anxiety about the adulthood
is something else what do you think
should be done now enacting new laws yes
there would help people like you cope
with this huge challenge we need Center
for older children to take care of them
we need we need Jim especially for for
children autistic for support them to go
outside we need especially special
places for them to entertain them
because they can go outside they have to
go places they can draw for example they
can do anything they like it without
looking
but looking from other adult or as a
member in society we have to try to find
the gift some of this children they are
very clever and gifted yes yes so we
have to try to deter to that potential
yes yes and also it is possible to find
the places to to put some cases okay
thank you are really appreciated thank
you very much indeed looking forward to
seeing you in the near future to
continue our conversation about autism
thank you very much indeed hasta our
waiter bar get it Daniel Fallon and 4ad
Elsa been looking forward to seeing you
in the near future thank you thank you
for Hank presents and thank you too for
watching you can see that program again
any time by visiting our website
aljazeera.com for further discussion go
to our Facebook page that facebook.com
forward slash a Jane sighs sorry you can
also join the conversation on twitter
our handle is at aj inside story from me
has Marvel on the whole team here bye
for now
you
