the protests began in several major
cities across central and northern India
as thousands of Dalits members of
India's lowest caste cut railway lines
and roads and attacked buses and
government offices they are enraged by a
court order that they say dilutes legal
safeguards protecting what is already a
marginalized community this is the voice
of the people
every Scheduled Caste Scheduled Tribe
member of the country is protesting
against atrocities being inflicted on us
across India there is resentment and
anger and that was visible across the
states of Punjab Haryana and alta
pradesh as indian security forces
reacted quickly
caste discrimination is outlawed but
remains widespread as does the anger a
senior government minister appealed for
restraint mayor CST I give them a review
petition has been filed in the Supreme
Court I will only appeal to all
political parties and groups and not
incite an act of violence and I hope
everyone cooperates with this but the
effects of this day of confrontation
quickly spread shops and businesses were
reported to have shut down as protesters
cut roads into the capital New Delhi and
other industrial cities this nationwide
shut down has a great impact on
businesses bus and train services have
been shot just have a huge effect and
there have been no customers either
mundos demonstrations were called by
several groups representing the daleks
once known as The Untouchables they make
up 200 million of India's 1.25 billion
population and despite
anti-discrimination legislation going
back 70 years still remain at the very
bottom of the caste hierarchy
Peter sharp al Jazeera
