the list of us goods targeted by China
is in line with what officials here
proposed last month
that's when President Donald Trump
applied new levies on Chinese aluminium
and steel imports the latest measures
will affect around three billion dollars
of US imports but that's less than 2% of
the value of US trade with China from
Monday the Chinese government began
imposing additional duties on a hundred
and twenty eight kinds of products the
highest tariffs of 25 percent will be on
u.s. pork a 15 percent Duty will apply
to fruit nuts and wine but not soya bean
imports worth around fourteen billion
dollars annually to the US
analysts say China's response appears
measured I think the key here is
targeted what they have done is they
dissemble package I mean 128 or rather
small items
but you'll notice apart from the scrap
aluminum they're mostly agricultural in
areas that will that voted for Trump I
think China is trying to send a very
measured response last month the Trump
administration announced a second round
of trade sanctions against China a 25
percent levy on more than 50 billion
dollars of Chinese annual imports the
White House has not yet specified which
products will be affected but targets
will likely include sectors like
robotics artificial intelligence and
electric cars industries at the heart of
a new made in China strategy Chinese
leaders say they don't want a trade war
with the United States but won't sit
back if the economy here is hurt for now
though they appear to be trying to
prevent tensions rising still further if
it came to a trade war China would have
more to lose as it exports far more to
the United States than the other way
round
some Chinese shoppers we spoke to though
did not appear concerned if the US wants
to fight a trade war I will never buy
their products no foreign products
Japanese Korean American we have our own
products
I think we should give up buying
American products I'm Chinese
I must support our own products it is
not a trade war yet but the coming few
weeks could determine whether one really
will happen Adrian Brown al-jazeera
Beijing
