it seems desperation is forcing some
Ranger back onto the ocean for a long
dangerous journey to relative safety for
the first time in at least a year a boat
carrying Ranger refugees entered ty
waters those on board were looking for
supplies and shelter from bad weather
which were provided by people on the
island of lentor off Thailand's west
coast they flipped their homeland and
had no food to eat they were soaked by
the rain all night I knew they might be
starving so I rushed to cook food for
them the Thai government and Navy have a
policy of pushing refugee boats back out
to sea in 2015 there was an exodus of
reh√©n jur from rakhine state in western
Myanmar with an estimated 25,000 people
fleeing violence and squalid camps they
were forced into in the past many became
victims of human trafficking networks
prompting a crackdown by the Thai
government on this occasion the refugee
said they wanted to go further south to
Malaysia and during their brief stop in
Thailand received help and sympathy from
the community at first they were afraid
to eat our food they were scared of the
police and military they worried about
getting arrested and sent back to their
country governments in the region will
be worried that this may be the start of
another influx of refugees given the
dire situation the reinjure face in
Myanmar and Bangladesh if it is it'll
increased the pressure on the Myanmar
government of Aung San su Chi to find a
sustainable solution on Sunday she
addressed the nation to mark two years
in office and spoke of the challenges
facing her country come on I wanna do my
Darwyn these are not only Rakhine which
the world is focusing on right now but
also in the whole country we also need
to peacefully develop the country
physically and mentally
let's try hard with the strength of
unity the Ranger aren't regarded as
legal citizens in Myanmar meaning they
feel none of that unity Wayne hey al
Jazeera Bangkok
