for those who came out it was a display
of prayer and protest this peaceful
interfaith March in Ramallah a striking
reminder of how a day usually reserved
for festivity had instead been consumed
by morning at the start of the gathering
fathers Omar Khadr told us why a
memorial of this type was so important
today is Palm Sunday
and usually at noon we have a procession
in the streets of Ramallah to celebrate
Palm Sunday but we decided to cancel
that procession and to replace it with
this
you know march in protest for the
massacre that happened in Gaza two days
ago
Palestinian officials who'd also
assembled were grateful our brethren
their christians insisted that the
activities of this day be limited and to
live candles to remember the martyrs
because we are all a united people
whether in Gaza or the West Bank
Christian or Muslim those bullets that
are coming out want to kill everything
that is Palestinian and there is no
distinguishing between a Muslim and a
Christian our blood is one the sombre
mood highlighted in the faces of
children and adults was palpable
everybody we spoke with here today said
that what was most important to them was
to come out and to show their solidarity
and to commemorate those who were killed
in Gaza among the faithful
there was also denunciation you're
missed I'm Carla and I mean today we
condemned through our holiday at Palm
Sunday what happened and demand
international protection for the
Palestinian people and to stop massacres
against Palestinians demands that for
those who congregated here seemed very
unlikely to be met any time soon homonym
juma jazeera Ramallah in the occupied
West Bank
