there's worry blowing through this
desert camp people here were promised
they could return to twerker six years
after they were forced from their homes
but they've been blocked and even shot
at by uniformed and plainclothes forces
just 27 kilometers from their hometown
here for the sake of our return based on
the presidential decree issued in
December for our return to Taba on
February 1st
although eight agencies are delivering
food water and medicine conditions are
harsh here we will remain and maybe we
will take a decision to travel onwards
we will have a white flag and an olive
branch in the direction of target the
siege of Misrata was one of the
bloodiest episodes in Libya's Civil War
twerker fighters many of them
descendants of black African slaves
fought against Misrata militia to defend
the former Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi
some of them were accused of rape and
other atrocities against Misrata
residents in an act of collective
punishment the entire city of up to
forty thousand people was emptied after
Gaddafi's fall people were used to a
certain way of life and suddenly it
changed we were used to houses air
conditioners TV and cars but now we live
in tents there is dust cold and strong
winds and we live in very difficult
conditions and this is what awaits them
in Twitter it's a ghost town but for
those determined to return it's still
home Barbara and OPA al Jazeera
