China's newly planned tariffs have set
off a pork panic in the American farm
belt logistically economically you know
no matter what it is everything
ultimately affects the bottom line the
chair of sitting pig farms across the
United States are an answering shot in a
trade war retaliation for President
Donald Trump's new tariffs on steel and
other Chinese goods our pork producers
are no longer competitive on the world
market so is it comes in to China
ours are now more expensive therefore
they would pick their pork from some
other place because China is the second
largest customer for American farm
products after Canada the u.s.
agricultural Department says farm
incomes this year are expected to slide
to their lowest levels since 2006
farmers have been big supporters of
President Trump in large part because
he's been cutting regulations on their
industry so when the Chinese picked a
target that would hurt Trump and his
supporters most they knew exactly where
to aim China has been selecting products
to inflict maximum sort of economic and
political pain on the United States it's
not so much that the Chinese are eager
to harm American farmers on the other
hand they're not gonna just take shots
from the Trump administration without a
response ironically one of the companies
that would be most harmed by the tariffs
North carolina-based Smithfield is
actually owned by a Chinese company
proof that China is willing to take
losses to wage a trade war it says the
US has set off John hendren al jazeera
Chicago
