it's 55 kilometres long six lanes wide
with four tunnels and four artificial
islands the mega bridge between Hong
Kong Macau and China was built using
more steel than sixty Eiffel Towers and
is being hailed as an international
partnership we have included a lot of
foreign experts from the United Kingdom
United States Denmark Switzerland Japan
and Holland they are from around 14
countries mainland China has set the
road rules
unlike in Hong Kong or Macau traffic
will drive on the right and tolls must
be paid in Chinese currency the projects
been fraught with delays overspending
even fatal accidents but China is proud
of the finished product inviting foreign
media to inspect we hope that that
friends from the press can use this
opportunity to see the new
accomplishments of the China in a new
era and fresh progress of the one
country two system
the 20 billion dollar project is part of
a broader push by China to integrate the
Pearl River Delta region 40,000 vehicles
a day are expected to use the bridge
including shuttle buses running at
10-minute intervals the travel time will
be harmed making a commute of less than
an hour this mega bridge is one of two
major infrastructure projects set to
open in this region this year the other
is a high-speed rail link between the
mainland and Hong Kong both are being
hailed as major transport links between
the mainland and Hong Kong but critics
say it's yet another attempt by China to
blur the border the main criticism of
the rail link is the plan to allow
Chinese integration facilities to
operate in Central Hong Kong not on the
border
some say that undermines Hong Kong's
autonomy under the one country two
systems' agreement it is a kind of
infrastructure telling the people of
hong kong or even the people in mainland
that you know hong kong and china is no
longer two places they are actually part
of them of the maintaining the china
says both multibillion-dollar transport
projects will deliver hong kong more
dividends with its integration
using one bridge to link three of the
region's biggest economies Sarah Clark
al-jazeera
zoo hi Chyna
