grief anger and defiance as Gazans mourn
their dead it's a scene that has become
all too familiar
adding pain to what the UN calls an
unlivable situation among the bodies
being carried for one last time through
the streets of Gaza the one of Muhammad
a bomber an artist who took part in the
so-called great march of return his
friends say his art won't be forgotten
in all more than thousand four hundred
people were injured more than half of
them shot by live ammunition some
suffocated by tear gas the highest
casualty rate in a single day in Gaza
since the last war in 2014
Israel had prepared for this sending
reinforcements to the border area the
army had warned gazans against
approaching the border fence as a matter
of national security now the military
threatens that if the violence continues
it will escalate its response and go
deeper into Gaza mass drivers receive
voice messages from the Israeli army
advising them against moving people to
the border area or else as this voice
says they and their families will be
held responsible but Gazans
fed up and exhausted from life under
siege vowed to continue protesting
several tents were erected along the
border
thousands of people planned to camp
there many of them refugees who are
demanding their right to return to the
homes their families were evicted from
generations ago a leader the so he still
carries the key of his parents house in
there is a bar now an Israeli town I
will keep it until we get back there and
die there if not me my children will
I've been waiting for nearly 70 years
and still nobody cares about us I live
under siege with not a single aspect of
a decent life about 68 percent of the
population in Gaza are refugees the
protests will continue until May 15th
the day of the creation of the State of
Israel
Palestinians refer to it as
nakba or catastrophic everyone on both
sides is aware that the standoff can
spin out of control at any moment what
Abdel Hamid al Jazeera along Israel's
border with Gaza
