stur roarr roarr hotel they're still
digging and still finding bodies after a
horn sounds the machinery briefly stops
and the body bag is carried out but it's
not Debbie went sagas husband his body
is still somewhere inside last Friday he
was staying at the hotel on business
the couple spoke at 2:00 in the
afternoon three hours later both their
worlds collapsed when saga and her son
drove 18 hours straight here when we
arrived there was nothing going on even
though we could hear people crying for
help some local people try to help using
their hands but they couldn't do much
without machinery Fonseca and his son
have now spent six days sitting by the
hotel waiting while we were talking the
horn sounded again another body had been
found but it was another lady's mother
she was so very late about the help more
lives could have been saved if they'd
got here faster yes I'm sure
Indonesia's government says it brought
in 21 heavy machines to Paulo on Friday
46 in total since last Friday when it's
running this operation seems thorough
and professional but the search started
late and even now it stops each night at
9:00 we cannot look Purdue for hours but
next day even we hope that we have more
rescuers what a skewed beam the
professionals here are just the first to
be saying lessons must be learned
