first they survived one of the worst
school shootings in history then a week
ago they organised March for our lives a
student-led demonstration in Washington
calling for stronger gun control if you
listen real close you can hear the
people in power shake it now they are
facing another attack this one coming
from America's powerful gun lobby and
its supporters who are trying to
discredit them the National Rifle
Association by far the most powerful gun
lobby in the u.s. put out this video
that mocked the shooting survivors you
want to save innocent lives
take the millions of dollars go into
this carnival of a March and hire armed
guards and schools all over this country
but then these kids would have to shrink
from the spotlight and go back to their
homework eighteen-year-old Emma Gonzales
and 17 year old David Hogg two of the
most vocal survivors of the parkland
shooting who have become the face of the
gun control movement and have also taken
the most cruel and false smears against
them this mem of Gonzales ripping up the
Constitution that protects the right to
bear arms went viral online by pro-gun
groups
it was meant to portray Gonzales as an
anti America leftist the only problem it
is fake and was taken from this real
image of Gonzales ripping up a shooting
target and outrage after Laura Ingraham
a conservative host on Fox News made fun
of hog tweeting David hog rejected by
four colleges to which he applied the
message read in part Ingram later
apologized as for the students they're
now responding hitting back at their
critics where it hurts them the most
their wallets if you call out me or my
friends we are going to go after you
because we understand mature as that
we're gonna go after the money because
that's where it hurts them the most
several well-known companies on Ingram's
TV program have pulled their
advertisements
it's a win for teen survivors turned gun
reform activists who aren't backing down
from powerful politicians pundits and a
gun lobby clearly threatened by them
Gabriel Ando al Jazeera Washington
