inmates killed in a jail riot and fire
in Venezuela's third-largest city are
being laid to rest in this mass grave
authorities won't confirm or deny
reports that inmates started the fire
and relatives are demanding answers
where is the person responsible for all
these deaths this genocide did they burn
alive because they were deprived of
freedom they had no right our human
rights no longer respected in this
country where is the culprit a prisoner
rights group says the Valencia police
station jail was built to hold 35
detainees but at the time of the fire
some 200 people were believed to be
inside it says men as well as jails are
often at 300% over capacity the latest
figures showed that as of two years ago
nearly 50,000 people were being held in
prisons designed to hold 19,000 inmates
last summer 37 people died and more than
100 were injured in a prison riot four
years ago more than 60 inmates died when
prisoners fought with security forces
seven years ago a month-long standoff
between the National Guard and inmates
took more than 20 lives another jail
uprising that same year left 25 dead a
fire at a prison in the western state of
Zulia
killed more than 100 inmates in 1994
Human Rights Watch says some 7,000
people have died in the country's
prisons over the past two decades
Venezuela's Attorney General has
appointed prosecutors to find out what
has happened the authorities wrote on
the death certificates that they had all
died of suffocation and that they had
burned themselves in there that is a lie
I am a witness and there is a God that
knows that my son called me and said mom
they are going to kill us all but as
well as government says it will
compensate the relatives of the 66
prisoners and to visitors who died
president Nicolas Maduro is under
pressure but he has yet to respond
Paul Trudeau G on al Jazeera
