hello i'm richard gilbert in you're at
the listening post here are some of the
stories we've been tracking this week in
latin america the news media are playing
central roles in two stories the arrival
of brazilian troops onto the streets of
Rio de Janeiro in the aftermath of a
disputed election in Honduras Facebook
is dealing with the fallout of the
Cambridge analytic a story governments
in Washington and London are demanding
answers another big chunk of the Turkish
news media is now in pro-government
hands and which Egyptian presidential
candidate would you vote for the one on
the left or the one on the right it's
been a busy few years for the Brazilian
news media starting with the impeachment
of a president Dilma Rousseff in 2016
then covering the controversial policies
of her successor Michel temer and then
on to the corruption conviction last
year of the most popular politician in
the country Lula da Silva and now the
assassination of a city councilor in Rio
de Janeiro a woman who embodied a new
kind of politics on behalf of the
country's poor mari le Franco's murder
was a hit job clearly intended to send a
message Franco had campaigned against
the violent policing of the favelas
urban slums which are mostly populated
by Brazilians who share Franco's
heritage African the coverage of her
story has revealed some of the Brazilian
news media's attitudes to the poor some
outlets have used Franco's murder to
argue in favor of President timorous
militarization of policing something
Franco herself had opposed media coming
out of the favelas however are telling a
different story
one more in line with Franco's own
politics our starting point this week is
Rio de Janeiro
you see that no stripping this is is
seizuring I've su got some happy the
Japanese some is simpler those assassins
the video hooded so by the elephant it
wasn't an ordinary murder it was an
attempt to silence a voice a voice ain't
was they be it's inconceivable that a
city councilor is shot four times in the
head just that's not what did not visit
Mary Ellis death was a very brutal death
a death that tested us which warned us
that Brazil's democracy is at risk as
simple as a little a bang ish since the
tragedy happened
Mariela has been our number one story
even in her death Mariela Franco drew
attention to the causes she had fought
for her opposition to the creeping
militarization of police forces into
Brazilian favelas particularly in her
home city of Rio de Janeiro was one of
them
it may have cost her her life there have
been many politicians murdered in Brazil
but most of the time they're involved
with the militias or drug trafficking or
simply corrupt criminals that was not
the case with Mariela at all she was
actually the opposite of that it was
clear from the beginning that this was a
political crime the first political
murder in Rio in decades and this murder
was of a black woman from the favelas
who stood up for those who were poor
black and live in the favelas it was
impossible for this not to make a huge
impact in the news what's sad
Mariela Franco had all the disadvantages
black poor gay a single mother by the
age of 19 she went on to get a masters
degree in sociology and was elected to
Rio City Council where she advocated on
behalf of the people of her favela Mari
just over a month ago president Michel
temer changed the way some of those
favelas are policed adding a military
component in what's known as the federal
intervention an Army General was put in
charge of Rio's police force commando
teams and other troops have been sent in
on security operations those raids are
often captured by news cameras so the
media coverage has been extensive and in
a cruel piece of iron the murder of
Mariela Franco has been followed by
calls for even more troops to be sent
into the favelas Franco strongly opposed
sending the military into those areas
saying it was a mistake the intervention
is like a TV spectacle it's a political
power play it's the central government
trying to draw the public's attention
away from other issues to raise the
president's popularity Presidente Michel
temer gck entry say Santos Santos
Millions ji Hye's Davis a libera Deus
para seguir and Sudoku it's also great
for the media especially broadcasters
because it generates shocking images
that boost ratings for television it's
like if I look older than me we're
talking here about the power of the
media how they go overboard sometimes
how they cast light on some things and
not over others which creates a false
impression
sona's primera so hasta maana my 0zn
tuscaloosa drogas photo op r ng dos
sooo Esprit is the result is a whole
scenario in which the city is unsafe and
so the public back the federal
intervention must see that they feel so
fit that out imaginative
Valpo an image on TV is worth a thousand
words
1 million arguments in a visual society
more and more people struggle to read
and the power of images is very strong
it turns violence into a spectacle which
anesthetize is the population it
actually creates the entire context
which causes this violence so see
alquiler vs. winnings analysis of news
coverage in brazil starts with Globo the
country's biggest broadcaster and by far
its most influential media company
global comes to any story involving the
military with excess baggage the network
overtly backed the military government
that ruled Brazil from 1964 to 1985
something which it admitted to in 2013
and publicly apologized for global
retains a right-wing ideology that was
on display again in 2014 2015 when it
called protesters onto the streets to
help deposed Dilma Rousseff a leftist
president over charges of corruption
so when Global's flagship news magazine
fant√°stico produced a two hour-long
special on the killing of Mariela Franco
Franco supporters were watching
carefully warily it will live see I
talked to the editor I talked to the
producer during the shoot and I asked
them not to be sensationalized I said
those exact words in the end some people
loved it some people hated it my
critique is that the narrative
legitimizes the federal intervention in
the originator weaponless of muhammad o
segundo after fantastical did the whole
story with the family at the end of the
day it presented the intervention as a
necessity as justified after Maria's
assassination when in fact she
questioned and criticized it I mean
they've been so many that there were
some positive things about the report
produced by fantastical they humanized
the victim however one issue that wasn't
raised and this is in keeping with her
editorial line is that Marioni was
totally against the intervention they
have a political agenda we know that
there are no truly independent media no
one believes that there are the coverage
the brazilian news media give this story
is affected by their commercial
interests police on the streets can
attract ratings and also by the way they
portray the country 54% of the
population is of African heritage but
the Brazil presented on the airwaves is
disproportionately white not just the
news coverage but other forms of
programming as well well it's actually
people came in losses
you don't know when so few of the
anchors actors politicians and
newsmakers are black crime stories that
include black brazilians inevitably
create skewed perceptions stereotypes
that tend to be perpetuated by the
mostly white press corps doing the
reporting issue Joffe syria jnh jewish
poll to sevilla - drock esta comunidad y
unfortunately in brazil social
inequality has a color and the name most
of the population is made up of black
and poor people and most of them live in
the favela
out of this comes the idea of the favela
is an evil place full of criminals and
bad apples most journalists are
middle-class so this discourse gets
perpetuated the media itself must change
its perception because it ends up
legitimizing violence people from the
favelas don't trust journalists when the
military entered Marais in 2014 the
soldiers would come in with journalists
following behind them you wondered who
was the invader the soldiers at the
front or the journalists at the back
range you all join Alicia Zakaria
how can you talk with the journalist
after they come protected by soldiers
how can you speak with the journalists
that is wearing a bulletproof vest when
you don't have your own when you're not
protected this is why people of the
favela don't trust journalist of a
little thing called careful feels in
German instance but what are the people
in the favelas like it or not trust the
moon journalists in the mainstream media
are the ones telling their story and
selling the security narrative to the
rest of Brazil Mariela Franco saw it
another way and put it another way in an
op-ed she wrote for the shore now de
Bracy the so called sense of security
she said is nothing more than a
political and media narrative the
editors say she submitted that article
just hours before she was killed
it was published posthumously two days
later the piece was headlined 40 mosques
Paulo
last words we're discussing other media
stories that are on our radar this week
with one of our producers Flo Phillips
Flo a little more than a week ago news
broke on that data analytics firm
Cambridge analytical mining the profiles
of up to 50 million Facebook users
without their consent what's the latest
on that put it this way Richard Mark
Zuckerberg Facebook CEO has seen better
days
this week he's been called to testify
before the US Congress over data privacy
and protection now that after the US
Federal Trade Commission the FTC opened
an inquiry into whether Facebook engaged
in what it called unfair act and at the
heart of this story lies the issue of
Facebook enabling Cambridge analytic to
get hold of all that personal
information without people's consent
exactly
now Cambridge analytic I got this data
back in 2014 when Facebook allowed
largely unfettered access to user
information by apps on the site
this means that Facebook may have
actually violated a 2011 agreement it
made for the FTC regarding the
protection of personal data and for that
they could be charged up to 40 thousand
dollars per violation so if you do the
math 40,000 per violation up to 50
million users we're talking up to
trillions of dollars correct
now Zuckerberg has also been called to
testify by MPs in the UK they were told
this past week by Christopher Wiley that
Cambridge analytic a whistleblower that
information harvested on Facebook was
also used to manipulate British voters
into voting for brexit now so far
Zuckerberg has refused to appear you've
also been looking into a story in Turkey
where the country's largest media
conglomerate doe and Yan has new owners
what are the details this is a big
development in the Turkish media space
Richard Dolan has been sold for 1.1
billion dollars now the new owners a
giant conglomerate the Demerara group
are closely aligned with the AK Party
and president Erdogan Doan had owned
around 30 percent of the Turkish media
pie including the newspaper hariette the
Doha news agency and the TV channel CNN
t√ºrk all of those outlets are now under
new ownership the demo our own group
she already bought two other dailies
mill yet and baton from doe and back in
2011 the editorial lines of both those
papers became strictly pro-government
pretty much overnight but the writings
been on the wall for Dolan for years now
has it not in 2009 after Dawn's owners
fell out of favor with the erdowan
government the company was hit with a
3.3 billion dollar fine allegedly for
back taxes the financial pressure
started a downward spiral forcing the
company to sell some newspapers close
others and really rein in critical
coverage of Irwin and his government now
according to the French NGO reporters
without borders after last week's sale
nine of the ten most watched TV channels
in Turkey as well as nine of the 10 most
widely read papers are all under the
control of owners aligned with the
government and let's not forget general
elections are slated for next year okay
thanks for in the Central American
country of Honduras a political story's
been unfolding one that deserves more
coverage than it's been getting close to
40 people have been killed more than
2,000 arrested following the bitterly
contested reelection of President Juan
Orlando Hernandez to a second term if
not for the rather compliant Honduran
media allegations of electoral fraud
might have got more attention but
Honduran mainstream outlets owned by
powerful business groups have been
echoing the right-wing ruling party's
narrative of nothing to see here
they're also accusing left-wing
politicians and journalists of trying to
steal the election and turn Honduras
towards socialism make it another
Venezuela alternative narratives are
difficult to come by but one radio
station has proved an exception to that
rule radio Progreso is a community
station run by Catholic Jesuits it's
been putting voices on the air that
Hondurans just don't hear elsewhere the
listening posts Cristina Martinez now on
the kind of journalism that in Honduras
can come with risks
November 26 2017 election night in
Honduras two candidates both claiming
victory total chaos with 54% of the
votes counted the trend was a clear win
for left-wing opposition candidate
Salvador Nasrallah but then the computer
system mysteriously broke down as the
hours ticked by uncertainty grew some
commentators settled in for the long
haul but one outlet Honduras largest
private TV station Televi central seemed
assured who the winner would be when the
computer system finally came back online
a full day later the vote count had been
turned upside down the right-wing
incumbent cuando la Miranda was sadly
ahead la principal corporation the main
media corporation in Honduras Televi
centro had been saying that despite the
opposition candidate being in the lead
votes were slowly coming in from rural
areas and they would change the result
this remains the recurring narrative and
in the end it was the truth imposed
nationwide guessing born evil eternal in
a pictorial there were differences of
opinion some media outlets agreed with
the courts position that the vote had
been completely transparent while
opposition media outlets stated there
had been fraud that there was a
dictatorship going on and Orlando was
not the president but it reports from
the observers of the Organization of
American States
at no point suggested that fraud had
taken place so most media followed that
line el Presidente Alecto la rep√∫blica
on Duda remote venue this is your land
and a Albarado a few outlets however
when ready to accept the election result
at face value
Vladi Progresso was one of them econ is
the process of electoral as soon as
specific literacy pol√≠tica based in the
north of endurance gradual progress is a
small radio station with a big following
nationwide more than one and a half
million people tuned in to listen out of
a country of nine million the station is
run by the Catholic order of Jesuits an
organization that does extensive work
with some of Honduras s most neglected
at least heard communities president I
will not call him president because he
has seized power and he is illegitimate
but the media keep insisting that there
is nothing important going on here in
Honduras their narrative is deeply
ideological and reflects the interests
of the winners when the mainstream media
talk about the election they argued that
there was no electoral fraud but a
successful campaign by Juan Orlando
Hernandez this narrative conceals the
real dynamics of the repression the
constitutional breach and the control of
the state by an alliance between the
oligarchy political power and
multinationals eNOS analyst for months
since the election Radu Progresso hasn't
stopped demanding answers his
persistence has put it in the crosshairs
of opponents in December the station's
broadcast antenna in the capital
Tegucigalpa was knocked down online
dangerous and the fam'ly Tory material
has been circulated about the station
and its director father ismail moreno
known as per annum innum ennum a law by
the romelo has always been seen as an
inconvenient person for some sectors in
power because he's always questioned the
local elites because we have been
questioning what we consider to be a
dictatorship I have had for anonymous
false accusations connecting me with
drug trafficking and money laundering
promoting violence and smuggling weapons
these are intended to stigmatize us and
discredit our work recently a colleague
was told is this you we are going to
kill you they were marmota in this
highly polarized situation no threats
against this outlet should be considered
insignificant
they're important because a radio
progress so is the voice of the
dissidents en la fe and the majority of
media outlets in Honduras are owned by
big business former politicians and the
evangelical and Catholic churches
the result is output that seems
overwhelmingly aligned with the interest
of the political and corporate
establishment by contrast you need 61
years on the air Grady Progresso has
focused on providing a platform to voice
his Hondurans simply don't hear anywhere
else para unos pero no para todos perder
el territorio de la cultura no exists a
raz√≥n de hacer de la comunidad polo - ah
si no tiene so territory petraju
professors work has meant serious
challenges and
deadly consequences for its staff in
2011 correspondent Ned Academy as was
countdown three years later marketing
manager Carlos Mejia was stabbed to
death then in 2016
indigenous rights activist Berta
Cassidy's was murdered cassadee's and
the station director Ismael Moreno were
close friends and hard work together to
set up a network of community radio
stations called copy to the residential
identify Carmen is 70 any aqui con la
gente el cop in canto a la gente que lo
tanto el pais pauran on Dorothy tinta
Berta Caceres there's a Casares had
found a home at radio progress so I
remember that we were once looking at a
picture someone had taken of us together
and she turned to me and said let's see
who leaves this world first her murder
was a warning for audio progress or a
warning that anyone in the country can
be murdered Berta Caceres was tried in
the courts then she was tried in the
media then she was assassinated we're
certain now that whenever a campaign
like this appears on social media or any
other space we know there will be a
direct form of aggression against that
individual this is the case of padre
Melo and all of his team who are
receiving death threats
the online attacks against radio
progress on Ismael Moreno have bone
striking similarities to the accusations
against Salvador Nasrallah
and the opposition the name could escape
to this process of smearing silencing
alternative voices privileged official
narratives circa mediatic oh four media
siege in the nine years since the
National Party first came to power
Honduran media have felt the squeeze
outlets have been closed down jail terms
have been introduced for reporting what
authorities deem as justified on
inciting terrorism and a new law
to control social media balloons on the
horizon the establishment media are part
of a strategy by top businessmen
politicians and multinational
corporations to counter any human rights
activists and independent journalists
who operate outside their system the
establishment media in Honduras are
responsible for controlling freedom of
speech in other words they are
mutilating freedom of speech they have
been accusations that the establishment
media dominate the landscape but in
truth we're a small country just eight
million people and we have a large
variety of media outlets I don't think
there is such a thing as media
suppression because the media here
interview all kinds of people whether or
not they share their ideology are famous
Hondurans have long debated who actually
controls their media now they are
arguing over who won the election who
should be run in the country by offering
a perspective Hondurans won't find in
the mainstream media gratia professor is
an anomaly and with three people already
paid with their lives for the work the
station is playing a dangerous game
alternative narratives alternative
journalism
finally some election results are
foregone conclusions Egyptian president
Abdel Fattah el-sisi Zrii election this
past week was an example of that one by
one potential challengers dropped out
leaving just one other name on the
ballot just enough to give voters the
semblance of a choice the broadcast
media were almost entirely Pro CC
Egyptian cities have been dotted with
billboards plastered with the
president's face critical voices have
been pretty much exiled to the margins
of social media where they've been
photoshopping those billboards asking
satirical questions and providing what
passes for political dissent in Egypt in
2018 we'll leave you with some of that
and we'll see you next time here at The
Listening Post
