it was supposed to be a peaceful day but
as unarmed protesters marched towards
the border fence Israeli soldiers opened
fire sharpshooters were deployed but
Palestinians frustrated by the endless
siege they live under were undeterred
Israeli commanders say they issued
warnings against approaching the border
fence
we will never shoot one bullet against
anyone who stays away from the security
wall we have warned during the last few
days that everyone who tries to violate
the Israeli sovereignty or to infiltrate
the Israeli territories will put himself
and his life in danger
but for besieged Palestinians
demonstrating next to the border is
about the only visible means available
for the world not to forget their plight
we live under immense pressure that is
why the people explode the blockade and
the siege led to the explosion we are
there Jews to live properly or to die we
have no space we have no alternatives
but to explode we have nothing except
the oxygen in the air land is considered
the first Palestinian popular uprising
for the past 42 years Palestinians have
been commemorating this day but this
year after Trump's declaration over
Jerusalem it has taken greater
significance it all started here in
northern Israel after thousands of
hectares of land were confiscated from
Palestinians back in 1976 six
Palestinians were killed then Yara
Mohammed says nothing has changed since
Palestinian land is still being taken
away now more than ever we came to
commemorate this day because we have to
confront the state it's important to
remember our martyrs and it's important
to save our ownership of the land I
personally think we should resist until
our last breath
we shouldn't negotiate anymore we
shouldn't give up our rights we need to
find new ways many of the people living
in Gaza today are refugees and they're
demanding their right to return home
several tents have been erected a little
further away from the border fence for
what is being called
the great march of return people are
vowing to stay here until May 15th my
dad
the u.s. is due to have moved its
embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem
funerals will be held in Gaza today for
the 17 who were killed during the
confrontations with the Israeli army on
Friday now there is a lot of anger among
Palestinians not only in Gaza but also
in the occupied West Bank and also among
those who are living within the borders
of Israel Palestinian President Mahmoud
Abbas yesterday has made a very short
but quite a stern statement he called
for an investigation into what happened
and he actually called for international
protection of for Palestinians now we
know also that Kuwait had asked for an
emergency meeting at the Security
Council and that the head the head of
the Security Council un
secretary-general Antonio Guterres has
asked for an investigation now the
Israeli army says that it only shot at
the protesters because they were hurling
either petrol bombs or some of them were
armed so far the Israeli army says also
that it had been warning protesters not
to get close to the border fence
certainly the army was on edge because
throughout the week in the days leading
to Friday there had been several
breaches of that fence with people
actually from Gaza making their way into
Israel now protesters say that they will
continue they will go back to the fence
today and in the coming days and
certainly those who are staying in those
tents that I erected all along the
border while they say that they will
stay there until May 15th now May 15th
is a day that Palestinians referred to
as Nakba which means catastrophe it's
also the day where the State of Israel
was created so certainly one does expect
a lot of tension continuing all along
this border here behind me
