we're knocking the hell out of Isis
we'll be coming at Assyria like very
soon let the other people take care of
it now
what does Donald Trump surprise
announcement mean for the war in Syria
and will it strengthen the position of
other parties to the conflict this is
inside story
hello and welcome to the show I'm
Sammy's a damn donald trump has declared
us soldiers are coming home from syria
very soon he says the president's
promise has taken many by surprise
including some of his right-hand men and
the important details he left out has
led many to question whether he's
serious the US defense secretary James
mattis and former Secretary of State Rex
Tillerson repeatedly said American
troops will remain in Syria to prevent
the resurgence of ISIL Trump has said he
doesn't like to advertise or Telegraph
his military strategy especially with
Syria because it will tip off the enemy
well here's his latest message and by
the way we're knocking the hell out of
Isis will be coming out of Syria like
very soon let the other people take care
of it now very soon very soon we're
coming out we're gonna have a hundred
percent of the Caliphate as they call it
sometimes referred to as land taking it
all back quickly quickly
both the Pentagon and State Department
was seemingly unaware of Trump's plan to
pull out of Syria I can't comment on
what the president supposedly said I
haven't seen it I'd have to refer you
back to the White House
well I have not seen it myself in seven
I have not seen that myself okay I know
you do you don't necessarily comment or
report on things that have been heard
secondhand and I'm not going to do that
that's okay that's fine so you're not
aware of any policy determination to
pour all to pull the US Attis I don't
know okay so that so the president is
just speaking off-the-cuff at me I don't
know I don't know the White House I'm
not I'm not aware it's not just so just
how extensive has u.s. involvement being
in Syria or the US has spent billions of
dollars training and arming Syrian
rebels since the start of the uprising
in 2011 some weapons ended up in the
hands of ISIL before the u.s. shifted
its emphasis four years ago the u.s.
started backing Kurdish forces with
airstrikes and covert operations to
reinforce the fight against ISIL the
Pentagon says around 2000 US soldiers
are deployed in Syria to prevent an ISIL
resurgence the u.s. is just one
combatant in a complex proxy war
Washington has worked alongside severe
maybe a cutter and Israel against the
Syrian government the main reason is to
curb Iran which along with Russia is
heavily backing President Bashar
al-assad Turkey opposed the Syrian
government but maintains relations with
both Russia and Iran Turkey's main aim
is to defeat Kurdish forces which the US
has supported in the fight against ISIL
let's bring in our panel we have here in
Doha Marwan Kabul Ali's director of
policy analysis have the Arab Center for
research and policy analysis from
Washington DC mark Kim it former
assistant secretary for political
military affairs under george w bush and
from moscow dmitriy Babbage
analyst at the state-owned voice of
Russia good to have you all with us
let's start here in the studio with
Marwan a bit of a surprise this
announcement it is in fact I've been
observing and studying US foreign policy
for many years now I haven't seen
something like this before it's
confusion it's it's uh naki and after
the defeat ISIL has been defeated we all
thought that the u.s. is now having a
strategy for Syria in place we have him
well officials did say that they want US
troops to be there for a while how do
you read this is this I mean I mean in
last December we all know that there was
a meeting for the National Security
Council of of the trauma administration
and there was this agreement that the US
will keep its troops in the eastern part
of Syria after the defeat of Isis and
then we heard Eric sellers and the
former Secretary of State talking about
this and at the Hoover Institute
Stanford University when he said that we
are not gonna repeat the mistakes that
we did in Iraq we are not going to
defeat ISIL and then pull out leaving
this part of the of the world once again
giving on a silver plate today to the
Iranians and and and he said that we
also will be using our military presence
in Syria in order to put pressure on the
Syrian regime in order to have a
political solution we need actually to
also to free Syria of all weapons of
mass destructions we need actually to
make sure that al Qaeda and ISIL will
not be revived and will not actually
attack US interests and its allies in
the region and sub is very mr. president
we listed a whole bunch of goals but of
course Secretary of State former
secretary Ellison is no longer there now
then the strategy is domed also it's not
only telecentre who was fired seems to
me but also the study because the
strategy is well I'm not having let's
get the perspective of Mark Emmett
you've worked of course with us
administration's mark is this an
off-the-cuff remark by Donald Trump as
you read it or is this a carefully
thought-out policy well I think it is an
off-the-cuff statement I think what
we're hearing is candidate Trump
speaking as you remember during the 2016
election campaign he was very very
direct about pulling the United States
out of the Middle East so we're now
starting to hear some of that vernacular
again I would note that he in fact is
very close to Congress on this issue
because the authorization for the use of
military force inside Syria was limited
simply to the defeat of Isis in fact the
view as was expressed by Secretary
Tillerson another was a bit more
expansive than the authorization that
Congress had permitted nonetheless I
agree with you it was a bit off the cuff
I think we're going to have to see in
the days and weeks to come
whether that remark was truly
off-the-cuff or whether that announces a
new policy but what do you think mark
will us generals be saying today to
president Donald Trump after this
apparent off-the-cuff remark well first
and foremost they're going to say Isis
is not defeated inside of Syria there's
still a large concentration of Isis
personnel operating outside of Dara's or
the fact that the YPG has pulled away
from that fight and it's now fighting
Turkey rather than Isis has given an
opportunity for Isis to go back on the
offensive so regardless of whether it is
upon the defeat of Isis or later than
that it will be some period of time
before we've met the conditions inside
Syria for withdrawal all right let's go
to Dmitry Babbage in Moscow Iran and
Russia do you think they will see an
opportunity in this to increase their
influence
well I don't know about Iran but
Russia's presence in Syria is not all
mostly about influence it's about
preserving stability you know not
allowing illegal government to be
toppled by foreign posed forces and
about fighting the terrorists if you
know just you might you might have
noticed that Russia for example
basically tasted Lia quest to the
Turkish presence in the north of Syria
because we understand that Turkey has
legitimate security interests there but
Russia did help the Syrian government to
defeat the groups like Jaysh al-islam or
jabhat al-nusra simply because these
groups are dangerous not only for Syria
but for other countries also including
Russia but surely Dimitri you'd agree
that the Russians don't deploy their
forces everywhere in the world to defend
what they see is legitimate governments
there is a very strong interest for
Russia there in Syria are they not
likely to try and seize on an
opportunity or vacuum left by
withdrawing US role I don't think the
United States while leaving the country
that they invaded is live in vacuum the
United States and they realize by their
support for the rebellion in Syria have
created a disastrous situation there was
I know uprising the popular uprising
against the regime that you call a
legitimate one in 2011 well there is a
popular legend in the West that in the
beginning it was all nice but late it
turned violent it was violent from the
very beginning and the so-called Islamic
state could not appear from nowhere in
2013 two years before Russia got
involved in Syria let me remind you that
Russia got involved in 2015 in September
so the uprising was a violent and
certainly illegal from the very
beginning unfortunately from the very
beginning it was supported by the
Western powers by Turkey by Saudi Arabia
a lot of foreign countries I know Marwan
is gonna want to come back in on a
number of those characterizations
violent and illegal uprising I guess I
think I think this I mean this has been
I mean the view of the Russian
government from the very beginning all
right not only of the Syrian Revolution
but of the Arab Spring because the
Russian elite the Russian ruling elite
is in fact very suspicious of all sort
of revolutions we have seen that during
the color revolutions in Ukraine in
Georgia and encouraged have Euston and
we have seen also during the revolutions
of the Arab Spring so this is the
general Russian narrative there is no I
mean I love
oligarchy actually it sees that the
revolutions at very much bring chaos and
instability and they want actually to
keep these masses and under under
control but I think if we go back to the
question of the of that of the Trump
announcement about the withdrawal of the
US forces yeah he's talking about
letting others take care of Syria now
who are those others do you think well I
think he means here the Russians maybe
and the Turks but that would throw can
they do it and what what kind of cereal
I put I'm sure - I would welcome that
very much the Iranians will also will
come that because we are what we are
seeing right now is a repetition of the
Iraqi scenario where the United States
get and remove an enemy of Iran and then
actually and I just give give the area
back to that to the Iranians and I mean
this is how I see it because the the
declared objective of the US
administration was actually to deny Iran
a corridor of land that would connect
Iran through Iraq Syria and - into
Lebanon and the material when the US
pull out right now from eastern Syria
and you think it's going to hand the
Iranians time this is what I believe and
also here
I think the bull out of the US troops
from Syria will just eat spirit the
conflict between the different regional
balls in this case we will see more
intervention by the Turks in this case
we will see the Iranian opposing that
maybe we still need to see how the
Russian policy on this will be evolving
between the Iranians because we saw in
Efrain when the Russia when the Turks
intervened in every in the Iranians were
very much again against the Turkish
intervention whereas the Russians
actually were backing that intervention
by Turkey how that is gonna evolve
between is a good question before we go
let's take up one of the points you
mentioned take it back to mark is this
gonna end up in a repeat of the sort of
Iraq scenario mark where the u.s.
perhaps hasn't really thought out the
implications of its policy and ends it
ends up handing more influence rather
than less to regional competitors or
international competitors like Iran and
Russia well again I think we need to
first go back and recognize that we are
building an entire show around a one
sentence comment by the President of the
United States I would suspect that there
will be some deliberations the very
points that you're bringing up well are
you suggesting mob that there will be no
u.s. rule policies announce eventually
there'll be in United States withdrawal
there is certainly no one that would
intend a permanent stationing of troops
inside of Syria but do you I mean do you
envisage how then do you interpret mark
president Trump's statement that we're
getting out of Syria very soon I are you
suggesting that perhaps others maybe in
the Defense Department or State
Department will ensure that that doesn't
happen very soon well at the end of the
day the president is one who makes the
decisions but there will certainly be an
opportunity for the Department of
Defense to make their views known the
Secretary of State's people excuse me
the State Department's people the
intelligence communities well they will
put in front of the president clearly
the options that are available regarding
us comment yesterday there's an old
saying in this town you can either take
the president's comments literally or
seriously you can't do both so let's
wait and see whether that off-the-cuff
statement turns into a new policy well
but that's precisely my question though
do you think it will turn into a real
policy well we'll see if the Department
of Defense is able to explain the
implications and the costs of a
premature withdrawal the way we did a
premature withdrawal inside of Iraq the
president may make his
mind up differently however the
president could also say well that's
fine
we have spent seven trillion dollars in
that region and we've got nothing for it
let's let others take on that
responsibility that is a very very
different policy statement though that
is saying that the United States
presence in that region which we have
been since 1945 plus is going to take a
different character in shape under
President Trump than it has under all
the presidents preceding him that's a
different story and if this is the first
example of that overall US withdrawal
from the region I think that's a very
very different issue that we should be
discussing alright Dimitri
perhaps US policy would be fair to say
is not entirely clear when it comes to
Syria there are arguably some mixed
signals and whether you listen to the
White House or some statements that have
come out of the State Department or or
Department of Defense where does all
this mixed us signaling leave
policymaking in places like Moscow
unpredictable country so I have to admit
that it's really difficult to understand
who decides what in Washington after the
election the unexpected direction of
President Trump he is enemies the
globalists the outer liberals they have
damaged the institution of presidency we
have seen mr. Trump being unable even to
meet President Putin for half a year we
have seen a lot of his initiative
stopped by various means so I don't
believe that the United States is
withdrawing from Iraq sorry from from
Syria and we have heard mr. Trump
interesting you know all the powers in
the regions to his generals who are no
job so Dmitri you expect that the
decision will be thwarted by his
generals is that what you're saying not
only by his generals but generally by
the ideology that prevails the United
States and that ideology says that the
United States should pursue regime
change
every wherever it wants in the world and
it should never left its victims out of
its claws so following that line I think
you know powerful forces in the United
States simply won't allow Trump to
withdraw the troops even if he wants to
as far as the Arab Spring is concerned I
think it's an important perhaps against
it before the Arab Spring can I can I
give you a chance to touch upon the Arab
Spring in a second but I saw mark Emmitt
there shaking his head in disagreement I
wonder if we can just give mark a brief
opportunity to come back in before we go
back to Dimitri go ahead mark well sure
I mean I certainly understand why it's
hard to understand in Moscow what you
would say is confusion we call that
policy deliberation in Moscow of course
only one person makes the decisions for
everybody and that's President Putin
that's a quasi dictatorship the United
States still believes in policy
collaboration we will eventually make a
decision like this where you have James
mattis or other officials
you know signaling the along a longer
term stay for US troops to defeat ISIL
and then the US president comes out and
does an apparent public 180 on that that
is a little more shall we say
inconsistent compared to what one is
used to from previous administrations is
it not and you've worked with some no
absolutely not I think it is I think
you're absolutely correct I'm not
comparing it to previous administrations
I'm comparing it to the comments coming
out of Moscow where they are so used to
one person making the decisions and then
that person directing people to get on
the TV and pronounce those decisions
that's a different model than the United
States right all right let's give Dmitri
a chance to come back in I know you
wanted to say something about the Arab
Spring go ahead Dmitri well first I
wanted to say that according to the US
Constitution just according to the
Russian Constitution it's the president
who determines the foreign policy so a
situation when a president says
something but it doesn't mean much and
his generals
a totally different thing this is not
democracy this is simply a rule of an
ideology very belligerent radical
ideology now ruling in the United States
and theyyou in Russia there is a lot of
discussion about the Syrian policy - of
the presidential candidates at the
recent election were for pulling out of
Syria they lost the election you know
although people could vote for them
talking about the Arab Spring I don't
know why one of the previous speakers
said something about Russian oligarchs
been afraid show me a country that
became happier thanks to the Arab Spring
Egypt did not become happy Syria did not
become happy so the policy of regime
change which in the Arab world Demetria
I guess the Kerry that was they weren't
very happy before the Arab Spring under
what many people perceived is dictation
let's give them I won a chance and I can
see why they rebelled it's exactly
because of this clash of interests and
the clash of values between the Russians
and the Americans most people are paying
the heavy price the heaviest price in
the in the region I mean Syria is one
example and back to the question of the
Arab Spring I don't see I mean of course
I mean the Arab Spring people
spontaneously revolted against
authoritarian regimes against corruption
against the the lack of equality and and
distribution of wealth inside these
societies and because of this foreign
intervention I think we are in Syria and
in many other places in the region I
mean in a forward Marwan let's look at
you know it sounded like Donald Trump
was saying we're gonna bring the troops
back home there is around an estimated I
think two thousand US soldiers in Syria
I mean what would their departure would
it make a big difference to the balance
of power on the battlefield he was
different than also in which France
because there are many battles it's not
one war in the presence of the US troops
on the ground in the eastern and the
east of the Euphrates in Syria actually
is not allowing the Russians and the
Iranians to to actually control this
this area and we have seen the Americans
actually
just couple a few weeks ago the US Air
Force head at russian-backed convoy that
was heading towards the eastern part of
the Euphrates and the thing that was a
very important signals by the Americans
that we will not allow the regime the
Russians and the Iranians actually to
cross the river so I think the absence
of the Americans right now is giving the
signals to these powers the regime the
Russians and the Iranians that this land
I mean is now there is no real force
actually to defend it and hence I mean
you can take it back to under control of
the of the regime but that will in on
the other hand this is what I tried to
mention earlier that will actually
encourage also the Turks to enter that
was gonna be my question because there's
another battle going on isn't there
between the Turks and the Kurds and the
u.s. plays a important role in backing
those Kurdish forces the STA this is
another question actually does this mean
that the Americans are actually just
abandoning their allies after the end of
the of the war against ISIL this is one
question the other question is that how
the Russians will be actually balancing
the their interest between the between
the Turks and the Iranians because here
in the eastern part of the affinities of
the Americans evacuate the region we
will be seeing this conflict between the
Russia between the Iranians and the
Turks and the Russians will be how the
Russians will also will administer that
conflict is something still to be seen
let me go to mark in Washington DC I
know that you're very very cautious and
you've got those sort of let's wait and
see what it means would you agree though
mark that a lot of the the battleground
in the east of the Euphrates could
change or there's a lot here shall we
say at stake in terms of how this
announcement is interpreted yeah I think
Marwan is exactly right if the United
States was to pull out not only its
ground component but its air component
east of the Euphrates that would
significantly change the balance of
power in that area I don't think the
Russians and the Iranians are ready to
go into that area with the Syrian troops
I would expect that the major party that
would try to take that area would be the
Turks the Turks have a long-standing
concern about the Kurds expanding their
quasi republics out to the Mediterranean
I think the Turks would do everything
they could in their power to ensure that
doesn't happen but it as Marwan says it
will take on a completely different
character if the United States and its
coalition allies move out of that area
to the east of the Euphrates and they're
replaced by Turkish troops all right I
think we've got about one minute left I
want to give it to Dmitri Dmitri how
about let's not forget to talk about the
diplomatic process does this
announcement by the US president have
any bearing on the influence of the role
that the US or appetite of the u.s.
might have when it comes to the
diplomatic process and does that give
Russia or any more of an opportunity
than it already has
well I mean right now the Russian
Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov is
meeting UN representative Staffan de
Mistura on continuing negotiations in
Astana about peace settlement in Syria
you asked me whether Russia wanted more
influence there no we have never been
east of the Euphrates and the world we
don't want to be there what we want is
to help the Syrians themselves meeting
in Astana you know the former Soviet
Union or in Sochi or in Geneva let them
meet and decide how they want to build
their country let me remind you that in
2012 Russia was the main lobbyist for
negotiations in Geneva at the time the
West's meaning the United States and
they you were very skeptical about talks
in Geneva they expected the president of
Bashar al-assad to fall right so okay
what we have these negotiations all
right you're a successful one day let's
hope they will be successful and that's
thank our guests on this show Marwan
cavil on here in the studio Mark Emmert
and Dimitri Babbage and thank you too
for watching you can see the show again
any time by visiting our web site
aljazeera.com for further discussion
head over to our Facebook page at
facebook.com forward slash AJ Inside
Story you can also join the conversation
on twitter our handle there is at aj
inside story from me Sammy's a Dan and
the whole team here for now it's goodbye
you
you
