civil war in Myanmar has pushed people
as far as they can go to remote
mountainous regions on the edge of the
country in the northern state of kitchen
it's estimated there are around 100,000
living in camps along the border with
China they're supposed to be temporary
homes but many refugees have been here
for years for some this is just the
latest stop in almost a lifetime on the
run so when I lived in another camp I
thought there would be no more running
away from the fighting but it happened
again just like before the Myanmar army
shoots inside the camp and they even
fired artillery shells the rebel kitchen
independent army is at war with the
Myanmar army fighting for control of the
state and its resources the kitchen
accused the Myanmar army of abuses like
rape and murder which the government and
its soldiers deny the government is
engaged in a peace process with several
rebel groups but the kitchen fighters
have refused to sign a ceasefire
agreement saying they don't trust the
process
in the meantime more civilians are being
displaced by the fighting forced to
leave their homes and jobs starting a
small business inside the camp's is the
only way to make money the government
won't allow aid groups in and getting
supplies like medicine is difficult
instead the refugees are taught how to
make use of natural remedies it's a
difficult situation made worse by the
constant fear of being targeted again
the Myanmar army keeps attacking us
they never have sympathy for anybody
they did this to us we are afraid of
them right now we have volunteers
security guards in the camp day and
night
even with that threat and fear hanging
over them for now the Kemp's are as safe
as it gets
there's no sign that the violence in
kitchen state will end anytime soon
meaning returning home isn't an option
Wayne hey al-jazeera
