go vote and you will immediately be paid
the equivalent of three dollars loud
speakers offer bribes to Egyptians to
cast their ballots as government fears
of a low turnout grow state media police
and officials are rushing to try and
prevent embarrassment trucks distributed
sugar rice and cooking oil in poor areas
businessman offered people free rides to
go to polling stations the government's
using the carrot as well as the stick to
boost turnout Egyptians who choose to
stay away risk being fined
however abstains from casting his vote
with no justifiable reason faces a fine
of 28 dollars it's our duty to ensure
the law is implemented we are a country
that respects the law president Abdel
Fattah al-sisi whose bid for re-election
is almost unchallenged fears a low
turnout will be widely seen as a sign of
growing discontent among the people
senior army officers visited polling
stations across the country they insist
the election went smooth and that
turnout is higher than reported by the
media
but even if the turnout is low CC is
expected to trounce his opponent Musa
Mustafa Musa the little-known politician
who announced his bid at the last minute
cc's set for an easy win but is likely
to face many challenges during his
second term critics dismiss claims by CC
supporters who say he's the right man
for Egypt and his help improve the
economy some analysts say the vast
majority of Egyptians are worse off the
biggest challenge for him right now I
think is the economy if you look at some
of the macro level indicators like GDP
and foreign reserves things seem to have
improved for for Egypt over the past two
years particularly since they enacted
tough economic reforms encouraged by the
IMF but on the micro level life for the
average Egyptian has actually gotten a
lot more difficult because inflation has
increased dramatically president Sisi
said repeatedly that if reelected it's
going to be his final four years but his
allies are already pushing for
constitutional changes to pave the way
for the general turned politician to run
for a third term
Hashima para al Jazeera
