genre Sharia daf cannot afford to live
off his land he has half an acre and he
feared enough water he says he would
never have to buy food again but just 50
meters away there is water it is the
Kamala irrigation project built for
agriculture more than 40 years ago and
meant to serve both Nepal and India when
the Kamala irrigation project was
complete officials from Nepal and India
had a grand ceremony used the water they
said but how are we supposed to use the
water it went straight to India the
water flows past but there are no
channels that feed the farm lands Yadav
has to use a diesel pump to access water
at around $4 an hour
yeah-oh says the land here is for a
Thailand could produce cash crops but
without a ready supply of water it is
impossible many people have to look
outside Nepal for work the other and
both his sons worked as labourers in
Saudi Arabia the embankment of the river
down there is the river and as you can
see farmers from either side of the
river in Nepal have no access to that
water the river flows directly
downstream towards the state of Bihar in
India now when the Indian government
built this embankment there was a larger
plan a separate river was to be diverted
towards the Kamla and finally towards
the irrigational channels for farmers
over here in Nepal to use all year round
but almost half a century on no progress
has been made and the farmers here say
they feel cheated
downstream across the border in India is
the Kamala journeyer barrage an
artificial barrier from there
the river is diverted to an agricultural
canal in the late 1950s the first water
sharing agreements were made between
Nepal and India but many in Nepal say
the treaties have always
disproportionately benefited India and
projects are not designed to help the
valley farmers unfortunately a certain
perception has taken root in Nepal that
these treaties were unfair to name
all the factors that the location of
these treaties is close to the
indianepal border and naturally the
amount of land that received irrigation
benefits is larger on the Indian side as
compared to the Nepali side nevertheless
there were a host of other benefits that
were created for Nepal at that time
these related to not just irrigation but
also financial assistance these related
to building of roads building of railway
lines and the fact that we've built the
embankments all the way deep into Nepali
territory so as to protect Nepali
territory from inundation the farmers
here are still facing the impact of
those agreements Chandra Sharada showed
us his land it was dry and in desperate
need of water sorry can you imagine how
much we could grow if we could use these
fields he asks the same question posed
by many of his Nepali neighbors Swedish
rush to al-jazeera
tonisha district in Nepal
