they call this the graveyard of palm
trees it used to be a lush forest
supplying the entire country with dates
Iraq sulfa Peninsula was also home to a
busy fishing industry there's now shrunk
to just a few boats most of the
fishermen quit their profession some of
them are working as labourers others in
the municipality others working in other
professions but not as fishermen
anymore as you can see all these boats
are deserted fishermen are constantly
getting threats from Iran's maritime
Navy and fishermen can go deep into the
Arabian Sea anymore
farmers have almost disappeared from the
area because of the Wars people lifted
farmlands and palm trees but when people
wanted to return they did not get any
support from the government whatsoever
the situation will worsen there's no
water no rain years a conflict has
destroyed much of this area the Phou
peninsula has witnessed war it was the
scene of many battles in the 1980s
between Iraq and Iran and in 1991 it was
heavily bombed by coalition forces
during the first Gulf War and it was
also the site of the very first battle
during the us-led invasion and
occupation in 2003 the crisis has been
made worse because of the dumping of
toxic chemicals by the oil and gas
industry the effects can be reversed if
something is done soon according to
environmentalists but time is running
out fall is facing a major environmental
catastrophe this is due to the
negligence of authorities who failed to
implement rules to protect an
environment which are needed and which
in turn led to desertification in
general across the southern parts of
Iraq implementation of environmental
regulations could change things here but
so far the local government hasn't taken
any measures almost everyone al Jazeera
spoke to in our foe
is concerned that it's not just the
farming and fishing industry that's
dying the skills that go with it are
also disappearing as the young seek jobs
in the cities and towns of southern Iraq
without a generation of new farmers
fishermen investment and regulations
our file is in danger of turning into a
region without life
Imran Khan al Jazeera Baghdad
