claims of anti-semitism within the
British Labour Party are by no means a
novelty but it appears the Jewish lobby
in the UK part of which has ties to the
party has had enough they took their
complaints directly to labour members of
Parliament's their argument being but
they're made to feel unwelcome in what's
supposed to be the most progressive side
of British politics to publicly call on
Jeremy Corbyn finally finally Jeremy
takes some responsibility this mural on
a wall in East London was one thing that
brought matters to a head portraying
Jews as rich tyrannical overlords
wreaking havoc on the poor in a global
conspiracy the Labour leader Jeremy
Corbyn was forced to apologise after
seeming to express his agreement several
years ago for the sentiments in the
mural his apparent sympathy for Hamas in
Gaza also enraged part of the Jewish
lobby several of his staunchest
followers like Ken Livingstone the
former Mayor of London have been accused
of anti-semitic opinions accordance
Jewish supporters insist that he and his
party remained vigilant they've accused
his critics of ignoring anti-semitism in
right-wing politics to smear the
left-wing labor leadership it's
certainly uncomfortable for party leader
who has for decades portrayed himself as
the authentic voice of anti racism to
himself be accused of that very thing
holding himself will see it as an
unwelcome distraction when he's trying
to focus attention on things like the
British Health Service or what happens
to the UK after it leaves the European
Union Lawrence the al-jazeera
