the people of dongle ah have been
largely left to fend for themselves
their villages have disappeared and
there's little else to do but search for
anything that may be of value
the tsunami swept down this coast
destroying everything in its path for
days there was no communication with
this area meaning the face of almost 300
thousand people was unknown the main
road to pal√º the nearest city has been
reopened but there's no sign of
significant aid distribution yes Karan a
bubble bath we need more food blankets
and mail for babies because there's a
lot of babies here and people have
nothing to do because this is a fishing
community and everything is gone but I
gather so far the government says more
than 150 died in Dong gala which would
have been much worse had the villages
not being so close to higher ground the
epicenter of the earthquake was further
up the bay on the other side so this was
the most significant population closest
to it and clearly the people here felt
it very strongly
they say when at strike they had just
two minutes before the first wave came
some who couldn't escape are still
unaccounted for but there's no search
operation and no heavy equipment the
people say they feel neglected in what
can seem like hopeless situations they
look to leadership for help and in this
case it's the Indonesian president who
visited on Wednesday the remains of a
house carry a message pleading with Joko
Widodo not to leave dong Galla behind he
promised just over three thousand
dollars for each family to rebuild in
the practical Ikeda
I hope the government will take care of
us because we're tired of them making
promises and not delivering I hope this
time the president is listening to us
right now there are more immediate
concerns than rebuilding for the people
along this coast it's still about
survival Wayne hey al Jazeera dong Gala
Indonesia
