among the inmates of siharan imprisoned
deep in Israel's southern Negev desert a
dozens of Eritrean and Sudanese men who
have in the narrowest sense chosen to be
there instead of deportation to a third
country known to be either Uganda or
Rwanda Mukhtar Hassan says the inmates
have made the right choice he accepted a
deal to leave Israel for Uganda in 2014
but instead found himself delivered to
Sudan the country he'd fled now he's
made it to Uganda way studying law but
says direct deportees from Israel have
their documents taken at the airport
leaving them unprotected no one is
willing to fight for this for these
people rights in addition Israel's
government is trying to remove 40,000
Africans mostly Sudanese and Eritrean
who entered from Egypt before a border
fence was completed four years ago the
first phase of a detention or
deportation policy targets single men
but for now it's been frozen pending a
decision by Israel's Supreme Court on
Monday the train was running very
quickly we at least stop that seagull
coca Vivi is one of those behind a legal
petition against the policy she doubts
the government has a defensible deal
with Rwanda to show the court and hopes
the freeze will continue but I think
it's going to be very hard for the
Supreme Court now to turn this around
and say without an agreement without us
seeing an agreement this can go on
Israel's prime minister though is
determined to press ahead last week he
said unrestricted African migration
would be more dangerous than terrorism
he's long argued that Israel has the
right to expel people he calls illegal
infiltrators where somebody is granted
asylum status he can be expelled but not
to the country where he cannot be
returned in this case to Eritrea but if
another country is willing to accept him
it's perfectly legal under international
law it's an argument that holds little
weight for tests as gay as goodham who
fled forced service in the Eritrean army
but had his asylum claim rejected in
Israel he says neither Rwanda nor uganda
offers the safe haven that should be his
right under international law let's say
what they prefer does or to stay in a
prison to stay in a prison I prefer to
stay in a prison and it's
scoff des I don't give up also
I don't know lose hope I don't give up
in the short term such hopes depend on
the next decision made by Israel's
Supreme Court but more broadly they rely
on the outcome of what's being a
vociferous national debate about whether
African refugees now deserve the same
kind of sanctuary in Israel as Jews
fleeing Europe in the 20th century a
recent poll suggested two thirds of
Jewish Israelis supported the government
line Harry for said Al Jazeera West
Jerusalem
