are some animal species more worthy of
being saved from extinction today we
explore the state of wildlife
conservation following the death of the
so called most eligible bachelor in the
world Sudan the Rhino and Willie could
be loud and you're now in the stream
live on al-jazeera and YouTube send us
your comments and I'll try my best to
get as many as them into the show Sudan
the world's last male northern white
rhino died from old age on Tuesday
reignited debate about the best way to
preserve endangered wildlife species
around the globe al Jazeera
correspondent Catherine soy reports
veterinarians at the old page at our
Conservancy in central Kenya put Sudan
to sleep because he was in too much pain
and could not walk he had been
struggling for years with age
complications that got worse in the last
few months but he lived a rich and
alaska's life managing to stay clear of
poachers who almost wiped out the entire
population of northern white rhinos in
the 1970s Sudan got older he became weak
and his sperm count was low so now
researchers are working on ways to use
in vitro fertilization to save the
species from extinction
this will be the fast of its kind a
delicate expensive and risky process we
want to do everything that is possible
we even tried to keep them next to the
southern white rhinos to see whether you
know we could get Sudan to be a little
interested so we brought in new girls
and we say please you know can you talk
to them and they are quite pleased
Landon eyes but he just didn't respond
Sudan was 45 years old the equivalent of
about 90 human years
so what's the significance of Sudan's
death and how might it influence how we
attempt to save other endangered species
joining me on set to discuss Jamil
Mandela is the director of program
design and partner relations for the
African Wildlife Foundation and welcome
to meal to the stream so I pulled up
here on my laptop because I
this term a little earlier and I want to
give our viewers a glimpse at where it's
from the world's most eligible eligible
bachelor and this is part of a tinder
campaign that's the online dating app to
raise awareness and at one point to
raise funding for Sudan who was now
passed what is it that has inspired
things like this campaigns like this and
tweets like this xing gaya says the news
was a devastating but the best way to
remember sudan is by creating awareness
through showcasing more stories on
efforts and initiatives to save and
protect the rhino what is it that's
inspired people like this to care so
much why is this death significant thank
you Malika for helping me talk about
this very important issue that we care
about dearly is no doubt that the death
of Sudan is stuck in the rude awakening
to all of us as a global community that
our world life is in a crisis and part
of the reason why we see this kind of
innovation where people are campaigning
to fundraise one to protect Sudan and
all those imperiled species is because
this is a real calamity
we are losing Africa's wildlife heritage
and this is happening fast and everyday
so in as much as it is so sad to lead to
lose the most eligible bachelor in Sudan
I hope this comes as a rude awakening to
all of us to say we need to do something
because we cannot as a global community
afford to see this iconic species
disappear and our watch I got this
comment here from Jackie on Twitter she
says I'm totally gutted but I can't
imagine the loss felt by his daily 24/7
carers as you can see my profile picture
is in his memory you can see a little
picture of him there wondering if the
Conservancy will be able to breed
another northern white rhino so we know
that there is an in vitro process
explain to us the difficulty in making
sure that this subspecies lives on so
again you know wildlife allowed so they
do best and they're adapted to breed and
to live and survive healthily in
about environment the process of in
vitro fertilization is artificial we are
aware that even for human beings where
there's been more research it comes with
costs with a lot of risks so in the case
of the northern white rhino and try and
breed to get them back to viable
populations is going to take a lot of
effort is extremely expensive I think
the numbers have been thrown out there
in the media researchers and scientists
are doing the best possible but at the
end of the day I think that again should
be just reminders to say why should we
wait until this stage where we need to
invest billions of money to just get a
population that in the past not so long
back was healthy in the world but
because of our own selfish greedy we
have ended up in this situation like in
the case of the northern white rhino
well said you know I'm gonna pause you
for a moment there to shift the
conversation just a bit to a practice
that some animal rights activists would
say is among the reasons that Rhino
elephant and big cat species are
endangered in the first place and that's
trophy hunting animal rights and
conservation groups in the United States
recently filed a lawsuit against US
Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke also head
of the country's Fish and Wildlife
Service over decision to repeal and
Obama era ban on the import of animal
trophies which the Department will now
review on a case-by-case basis here's
Tonya sanera a lawyer for the Center for
Biological Diversity as the rest of the
world is shutting down markets for
elephants in their parts the Trump
administration has green-lighted wealthy
us trophy hunters to kill these majestic
animals and bring them back to hang on
the wall our lawsuit over us trophy
imports aims to ensure the
administration hears from not just
trophy hunters but also scientists and
the public at large and informs us of
their decisions elephants and lions are
on the road to extinction we need to
ensure these animals survive and thrive
not shoot them for fun conservationists
say approximately 5,000 African
elephants are killed every year but
proponents of trophy hunting argue that
the money big game hunters pay
go unregulated trips helps fund
conservation efforts so what are the
potential costs and consequences of the
practice or joining us to discuss
Charlie Mayhew is the chief executive
and co-founder of the Tusk trust as a
uk-based conservation charity whose
patron is Prince William and in Dallas
Texas Corey Mason is a wildlife
biologist and the executive director of
the Dallas Safari Club it's a hunter's
advocacy group welcome to this stream
it's gentlemen I want to start with you
Cory just to make sure that our audience
is all on the same page how would you
describe trophy hunting what is it yeah
there's a there's a gross
mischaracterization of what trophy
hunting is and what it is not I would
characterize hunting in the essence of a
well-regulated science-based program
that is sustainable the sustainability
is of critical importance obviously
often time targeting a specific age
class of animals and most specifically
oftentimes males it should never be
confused with poaching which is an
illegal practice which is oftentimes the
case with which we much know that demise
of a rhino but that that clear
distinction needs to take place to have
a conversation that has some merit base
to it mm-hmm so I pulled up this suite
on my screen here Charlie HD flora says
unregulated trophy hunting decimates
animal populations however well
regulated trophy hunting can mitigate
the damages resulting from the current
black market for prized animals the
profits can be redirected into
conservation communities who ensure that
regulations are then enforced what's
your view on trophy hunting funding
conservation efforts well the problem
that you have right to the word go is
when you talk about whether trophy
hunting is regulated or not and
unfortunately across Africa we have a
problem whereby there is endemic
corruption often within the systems that
are designed to supposedly regulate
hunting and so when the trophy trophy
hunting fraternity
talk about regulating their hunting and
the funds going back into conservation
they are often overstating you know that
issues and those figures so we are
concerned really a talk about the fact
that the quota systems that are often
put in place by the Wildlife departments
to supposedly regulate hunting are often
abused the the funds that are being paid
are going to central government or to
the to the trophy hunter the sort of the
professional hunter and the the
percentage of the funds that actually
get down to the ground and the support
conservation are again often over
exaggerated so you know there are some
fundamental issues about whether the
hunting is a properly regulated mmm Cory
what's your response to that and we had
a lot of people in line saying that
unfortunately there is corruption when
it comes to this and so the money never
actually makes it to where it needs to
go you know we hear this sort of
generalized assumption made on
corruption to the point where it's it's
sort of just hyperbole and you know it's
easy to point to cases in which hunting
contributes very significantly to
wildlife conservation the preservation
and conservation of vast lands that
simply would not exist without the
conservation through hunting model we
also have some very specific instances
that we can point to such as the
campfire model in Zimbabwe that gives
control of wildlife resources as well as
local benefits derive the local people
in excess of 20 million dollars annually
derive from hunting as well so there are
many instances as well as there may be
some particular instances in some
governments across the world clearly of
which corruption occurs that's not
symptomatic of hunting that's just
people so those generalization
statements like that just don't hold
much credence until we can have some
specific case by case examples mmm I
pulled up this suite here in Gmail
Charlie says animals
hunted during trophy hunts are
specifically selected based on their age
their health their ability to breed
trophy hunting gives much-needed funds
to drive conservation efforts there's
that idea again we're not saying it's
not sad it's just all day that's what we
have for now what a local communities
think of trophy hunters so I think even
just the discussion from my colleagues
on panel here the application of trophy
hunting one is a sport and two is a
revenue generation to plow back into
conservation ideally could work what I
think we should not lose sight of is the
fact that right now the majority of the
species that are attractive for those
that are in the sport of hunting under
threat and we are working I think now
with the countries that are the sources
for these species to put in place
measures for law enforcement and even
for scientific monitoring that can allow
for the checks and balances and our
continuity required to do hunting
properly and that doesn't exist in many
places are not all of them right now so
in the interest of the global good and
in the interest of even sustaining that
industry it is important at this
juncture to simply put aside promoting
that spot now what do communities think
communities are poor they need their
levels to be improved
and they live juxtaposition to our life
species there is conflict so if there's
any way we can work as a community to
ensure that communities realize benefits
to improve their quality of life from
war life we should do that ecotourism is
one is hunting the final one I think as
far as we are concerned as far as I'm
concerned as a Zimbabwean yes they come
fair program wagged well is it perfect
it has got loopholes Zimbabweans would
want it to work well because it is
important for our life to contribute to
the improvement of life in perpetuity
but it cannot as long as this checks and
balances are not in place and what we
should be doing as a global communities
to mobilize resources to build the
capacity of the world life ecologies in
this country
of the local communities that are all
very passionate about their world life
to make sure that it can be sustainable
and you know as you're talking I can see
Charlie nodding his head there Charlie
yeah no I just I just think that you
know campfire you know worked pretty
successfully when it first started but
has subsequently been you know hijacked
by central government and I think it's
very important we get into perspective
the income levels that and the revenue
that is generated by hunting versus you
know traditional photographic Safari
tourism Safari tourism in Africa you
know generates something like seventeen
billion dollars a year whereas the
hunting industry contributes probably
about a hundred and thirty two million
dollars so if it's less than 0.7 it's by
0.7 eight percent of safari tourism
revenue so and if you look at a country
like Kenya where they they stopped
hunting and many years ago the
communities that live alongside wildlife
have successfully created a number of
community driven conservancies which are
now generating significant revenue for
those communities from photographic
tourism so you know I think the thing is
that you know the the you know if the
hunting fraternity is able to get their
house fully in order properly regulated
and demonstrate that the money really
genuinely gets down to the ground then
potentially there's a place for it you
know in Africa because one of the big
concerns that we have of course coming
down a track over the polity illegal
wildlife trade is that she's loss of
habitat the human population in Africa
is set to double by 2050 and that's
putting wildlife under huge pressure you
know from a potential loss of habitat so
you know in that sense potentially the
hunting concessions that currently exist
in in number of these countries do still
have a role to play in saving that
habitat as I emphasized
really about making sure that they're
not abusing the quota system and that
they are it is you know it is properly
regulated at the moment I'd suggested it
not right and and Cory I want to give
you the last word there but I want to
bring up this tweet from Elizabeth she
says in addition just viewing wildlife
brings in far more revenue than killing
these great animals the idea that
hunting benefits Africa is a myth
perpetrated by men who want heads
mounted on their walls Cory yes so I
want to go back to something that both
of the gentlemen prior to me have
mentioned that we can all absolutely
empirically agree on and that is
worldwide the single greatest threat to
wildlife species is the loss of habitats
that is that is something we should all
agree on now a couple of things just
really offers counterpoint as far as
ammount of revenue generated from photo
tourism to what to hunting
I have very different statistics as well
you know hunting generates and it says
north of 300 million dollars on an
annual basis again in with where that
takes place regarding photo tourism
understanding the requirements of each
they should rather complement each other
rather than compete fo tourism photo
tourism takes place in national parks
and areas that are well-developed with
really high concentrations of game
species easy access lots of
infrastructure
whereas hunting typically takes place in
areas that are far more remote not easy
to access let's dis gaem population so I
would offer that the two can complement
each other rather than compete with each
other that is the last word I'm going to
pause the discussion for now thanks
again to Charley Mayhew and Corey Mason
for helping us break down this issue to
know hoe tight though as we're gonna
examine an idea that might be just as
controversial as trophy hunting allowing
some endangered species to go extinct
well it is a strategy that some
conservation is proposed as an
alternative to the notion that
endangered species must be preserved at
any cost
so to paraphrase the English author
George Orwell are all endangered species
worthy of being saved or are some
species more worthy than others well on
skype from London joining us is Hugh
possum Lee's chief scientist for the
Nature Conservancy the world's largest
environmental NGO welcome to the stream
he
I pulled up on my laptop here a couple
of headlines we've been seeing floating
around this from the New York Times
Magazine scrolled down
that's this beautiful illustration to
the headline should some species be
allowed to die out this isn't the only
one there's also this one from outside
calm it's time to let certain animals go
extinct Hugh talk to us about this idea
it's not popular but is it the right
idea well we're already doing it Malika
um species are going extinct currently
at a thousand times the background rate
so we are causing massive extinctions of
species the northern white rhino is just
the tip of the iceberg it's the tip of
the tip of the iceberg it's disappearing
all the time Australia alone lost to two
mammal species just in the last ten
years and nobody particularly noticed so
our approach isn't about letting species
go extinct our approach is using our
money much better to actually minimize
the number of extinctions while making
much clearer choices about what we
choose to keep but in fact that will
slow the extinction rate down if we
rationally invest just as if you
rationally invest in the stock market
you will make more money and you
mentioned using our money much better
Jamil that is because we had a lot of
people online saying things like the
amount that it cost us to protect Sudan
and we mentioned earlier that last male
white rhino could have been used for
other things well so so this is because
the situation with Sudan and with most
of the species now is a crisis so the
big question we should ask ourselves in
line with that is what got us to this
situation I mean we need to have the
proper stewardship over the resources
that we are custodians over we need to
ensure the land uses the population
growth with the urbanization the extent
to which we encroach on the habitats the
extent to which we maintain healthy
ecosystems that can function on their
own without necessarily requiring for us
to eventually try to artificial eyes and
you have to invest around the clock 24/7
security which is what we offend with
now so the
is let's put our money into pro
conservation life ruins for communities
that have always lived with wildlife
remember in Africa which is the main
source country you know people have
always been hunting and gatherers they
are toting their couches that are
inherently associated with wildlife so
they need invaluable life but now we're
at a point where wildlife is being lost
not even by the local communities
largely but by syndicates that are
outside for selfish reasons so we need
to get back to the basics let's put our
money into the best agricultural
production systems to intensify produce
more on a small space and in that way
allow for connectivity and ecosystem
function and I can see Hugh nodding is
that there Hugh I want to read this
before I throw it to you Janaki on
Twitter says this interests in Sudan the
Rhino is testament to his place in
people's hearts we are an inherently
biased species holding up one species
over another so I've stopped questioning
why the press covers Sudan but not that
last anonymous Vietnamese job in rhino
killed by a poacher in 2010 that had no
benefit of a fundraising campaign or the
degree of protection that Sudan enjoyed
we are who we are
she seems resigned to it there but why
is it that we have focused on Sudan the
Rhino versus the Rhino she mentioned
well I hope they focus on Sudan we'll
bring attention to the thousands of
other species that are in this terrible
situation like the other three species
of rhinoceros in Asia they are all in a
perilous state I mean Jamal makes
incredibly good points the bottom line
is if humanity wants to take extinctions
down to normal levels to backgrounds
rates we won't have to invest ten times
the money we now invest in conservation
we should have to do triage triage is
only necessary prioritization is only
necessary because our investments in
conservation are tiny tiny compared to
our investments in other important
things and when one does in two or three
hundred years time when half the species
on the planet of God will be rethinking
about investments in defense I mean the
defense industry is a hundred times
bigger than the concert
industry if not a thousand times bigger
why did we spend all their money on
things that don't benefit future
generations here I pulled up here from
the WWF a species directory and everyone
can see this that the URL is their world
wildlife org and you do a scroll through
and you see that there are several
critically endangered species and then
at the bottom it gets endangered and
then it turns into vulnerable but
there's a lot of species on here and
maybe not a lot of attention given to
them what other species should we be
looking out for in your view you
well that least represents about there
are around about five thousand five
hundred listed vertebrates that are
endangered in some kind that let that
ignores of course all the plants and the
insects so I would urge people that
anywhere in your neighborhood there was
a species that's probably going to go
extinct sometime in the next ten or
twenty years and it's all our
responsibilities to work on them some of
them can be saved for fifty thousand
dollars not 100 million dollars there
are species within ten kilometers of
your house that need your help you and
now there may be a plant they may be an
insect there may be a small brown bird
that they're all part of biodiversity
and they all need a home
jemelle in about 30 seconds if there is
an animal you think we're not paying
enough attention to what would it be
well I mean think of the group of
tortoises you know these are taken for
granted
think of the giraffes even you know
think of a lot of other bird species I
mean it's all about the balance of
nature so we are actually losing a lot
of trophic relations in our ecosystems
and when we focus on the iconic ones of
course in that process we'll also there
are kind of umbrella species that cover
the other subspecies that are also
endangered you heard it there that's Jim
almond email we also heard from Charlie
Mayhew Corey Mason and in this segment
hugh passing and thank you so much i get
the last word - benjamin on twitter who
says we desperately need to train a new
generation in wildlife conservation
Sudan's death must not be in vain we
must save all endangered species this is
our duty as custodians of the earth
thank you so much for joining us for
this conversation and of course you can
continue to follow the discussion
endangered wildlife online with hashtag
aj stream see you next time
you
