thousands of people have taken part in
marches in Australia calling for better
treatment of asylum seekers Australia
resettles almost 19,000 refugees a year
but the United Nations has criticized
this hardline policies designed to deter
those fleeing their own countries from
looking for a new life in Australia
Andrew Thomas is at the March in Sydney
there are protests rallies happening in
towns and cities right across Australia
on Sunday but the one here about 3000
people so far in Sydney and in Melbourne
are likely to be the biggest people here
say that the refugees who've been sent
by Australia to Manus Island to Papua
New Guinea Anthony Naru many of whom
have now been there for almost five
years have suffered enough and should be
brought to Australia they also think
that Australia's refugee policies are
tinged with racism
earlier this week Peter Dutton the
Immigration Minister suggested that
white South African farmers who are
being kicked off their farms could
perhaps be given refugee status here in
Australia this for a man who has spent
his career it seems to people here
keeping other refugees from other places
out this is what Nick Remo from the
refugee Action Coalition said to me
earlier I think the role of the
demonstrations that we're seeing around
the nation today is precisely to say
Peter Dayton was not legitimate he's not
legitimate in saying that you know white
South Africans who haven't asked us for
our help a more deserving of Australian
asylum then the countless numbers of
people fleeing war zones who have there
are thousands of people here and
thousands more in Melbourne and in other
places across Australia but in the great
scheme of things these are still
relatively small protests Australia's
media rarely reports more than a tiny
bit on these sorts of events and in
terms of politics both the governing
Liberal Party and the opposition Labour
Party broadly agree on a tough policies
and that's why not much looks likely to
change
