football fans uniting as a say to end
extremism the football ads Alliance was
formed last June after the attacks in
Manchester and London Bridge the group
wants the government to do more to
prevent so-called terror attacks and are
calling for tighter controls on those
who might be considered a threat but
here in Birmingham one of Britain's most
diverse cities the March is seen by many
as promoting intolerance something the
group's founder denies terms of the the
demographics and the makeup the more
people you know these are patriotic
people who care about their country
they're not they're not racist
individuals there'll always be people
who try and attach themselves groups who
have their own agendas but often
categorically say that myself I'm not a
racist and in terms of our messages no
racism my voice that's it the football
lads alliance was formed only a few
months ago but already it's gained a
very large following in social media
tens of thousands of people have
attended their last two demonstrations
but despite their message of unity some
people accuse them of harboring racist
messages an offshoot of the Fla
confronting an anti racism counter rally
held a few steps away grew tents and
it's this aggression that many say is on
the rise in the country right-wing
material on the internet fueled the
attack at a mosque in London last year
when a man drove into worshippers
killing one person and the former head
of counterterrorism policing says that
far-right extremism has become a
significant threat to the UK something
anti-racism activists say needs to be
addressed group of people former
hooligans who think they can bully
people don't start to decide how we run
or live our lives we want to live
together in peace and harmony but
achieving that will be difficult as
nationalist voices in the UK and across
Europe grow stronger
Catherine Stansel al-jazeera Birmingham
