they are being sent into exile the
forced transfer to the rebel-held
province of Idlib in the northwest of
Syria is the second deal of its kind in
eastern Jota file akahl rahman one of
three rebel factions that controlled the
rebel n clave agreed to surrender what
was left of its stronghold in the
southern pocket up to 7,000 people
fighters their family members and
opposition activists who don't want to
live under the government's rule or are
afraid to are leaving we will leave
Goethe but one day we will return
they've managed to silence the
revolution but we'll never die we will
return to liberate our land and a
revolution will return who repeatedly
asked the international community for
help but they didn't do anything it's a
very difficult time for us but we will
return thousands more were bused out of
another rebel pocket in eastern Jota the
town of her hasta which surrendered on
Wednesday they are Syria's newly
displaced they used every kind of weapon
against us in her hasta and in eastern
jota in general families who are hiding
in underground shelters were killed in
the bombardment the civil defense was
not able to retrieve their bodies from
under the rubble it was a very bad
situation the children were hungry
because of the siege and scared because
of the bombing they didn't have milk we
pleaded with aid agencies but no one
helped us they were sent to the rebel
controlled northwestern province of
Idlib which is already crowded according
to the United Nations 1 million
displaced persons who left other
opposition-held areas after they were
recaptured by government forces live
there it's also not a safe place
airstrikes on Eid Lib have increased in
the past week killing dozens of people
many of them children
UNICEF partners report that 17 children
were killed yesterday in Eid Lib when
heavy violence near a UNICEF supported
school for students to flee to an
underground shelter in a nearby building
which then came under attack around 1
million children live amid the
escalating violence in adlib adlib has
been attacked from the air for years and
a few months ago government forces and
their allies launched a limited
ground offensive for the first time in
years if the pro-government alliance
launches an all-out offensive to
recapture it lib many warned it could be
an even worse humanitarian catastrophe
ed lib is a de-escalation zone according
to an agreement between Russia Iran and
Turkey to reduce the violence across the
country but so was Eastern huhta
violence continued in both areas despite
the agreement the Syrian government is
now consolidating its control over
eastern huhta the third rebel faction
Jaysh al-islam will soon hand over the
main town of Duma the pro-government
Alliance is declaring victory but it
came after years of siege five weeks of
relentless bombardment and almost 2,000
civilian deaths
sanika dar al jazeera Beirut
