demonstrators marched through the
streets of Sacramento California's
capital city for a second day Friday
they were protesting the police shooting
of an unarmed 22 year old black man last
week he was judged he was sit-ins and he
was executed the protesters blocked
traffic and shouted slogans and dented a
car that tried to pass through one group
attempted to block a major highway but
were prevented from doing so by
California Highway Patrol officers in
riot gear Stefan Clark died in his own
backyard killed by a hail of police
bullets I don't care what color he was
no no person on this earth deserve to be
shot down like that newly released video
from a police helicopter shows Clark
running and climbing over a fence in a
neighborhood where police were
responding to a report of a man breaking
into cars police wearing body cameras
cornered Clark and within seconds the
encounter turned deadly
the policeman did not identify
themselves before firing 20 times they
said they believed Clark was holding a
gun but he was only carrying a cell
phone shortly after the shooting another
officer tells the policeman to silence
the audio of their body cameras Clark's
family and friends want to know what was
said after the sound went off you're
muting something you don't want the
public to hear what you're saying and
that means that if you don't want the
truth to come out then all of it is a
lie police are promising a full
investigation we're asking for the
community to be patient Clark's death at
the hands of Sacramento police is the
latest in a long series of controversial
police killings of unarmed black men the
deaths gave rise to the black lives
matter movement and have heightened
racial tensions in communities all
across the United States rob reynolds al
jazeera sacramento
for Nia
