as police investigated the scene in the
town of tyub in southwest France a
clearer picture began to emerge of the
man who had killed three people and
wounded more than a dozen others in a
shooting rampage in three locations
before he was killed by police the Paris
prosecutor said 26 year-old Redwan
lactam was born in Morocco but lived
locally and had become radicalized the
man entered the supermarket by shouting
Allah Akbar and stated he was a soldier
of ISIL and ready to die for Syria he
was asking for the abrasion of brothers
before shooting a customer a member of
staff they both died instantly in 2017
he was under surveillance but there was
no signs of indicating he would carry
out two terrorist attacks the attack
took place in three stages first in
Kazan the gunman carjacked a white opal
car wounding the driver and killing his
passenger then still in chaos on the
gunmen shot and wounded one of a group
of four police officers who are out
jogging in the street it was only then
that the gunman drove eight kilometers
to the town of tab where he attacked the
supermarket took hostages and killed two
more victims the violence has shaken
people across the community did you know
Kelly I took cover because he saw me and
then he followed me with a knife
perhaps I did what anyone else would do
I managed to get out through an
emergency exit
French president Emmanuel Mac car had
been in Brussels at a European summit as
news of the attack came through after
returning to Paris
he said France continued to be under
threat every one degree for some years
we have paid the price in blood in order
to discover the cost of the terrorist
threat our soldiers abroad are risking
their lives to reduce the threat from
Iraq and Syria our forces of law and
order do everything in their power to
identify threats and neutralize them now
that it's clear that Redwan lactam was
known to the french intelligence
services and had spent time in prison
many people in france will be wondering
how
with such a profile could have slipped
under the radar
obtained weapons and caused so much
carnage Natasha Butler al-jazeera TREB
