he's been visiting the white house and
won plaudits from the US media but his
Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman of
Saudi Arabia really a reformer
his fans call him a reformer even a
revolutionary his critics say he's
guilty of war crimes in Yemen the 32
year old Crown Prince of Saudi Arabia
Mohammed bin Salman or MBS who claims
he's cracking down on corruption and
championing women's rights is currently
touring the United States but who was
the real NBS and is the Kingdom of Saudi
Arabia really on a path to reform and
moderation joining me now to debate this
a Jamal khashoggi a prominent Saudi
journalist and former royal family
advisor currently self-exiled in
Washington DC who has said the crown
prince is acting like Putin and becoming
Saudis own supreme leader and Alicia
hobby a supporter of MBS whose executive
director at the Arabia Foundation and
author of the book the Saudi Kingdom
between the jihadi Hammer and the
Iranian anvil thank you both for joining
me on upfront
Jamal let me start with you you've
compared your crown prince to Putin to
Iran's supreme leader you've said he's
creating quote an interesting form of
dictatorship how so I still see him as a
reformer but he is gathering all power
within his hand and it would be much
better for him to allow a breathing
space for critic for Saudi intellectuals
or earlier writers through the media to
debate the most important needed
transformation going in the country what
he is doing I called for and I got fired
for when I was an editor of a newspaper
allowing all men to drive or for women
to to be empowered or to limit the power
of the religious establishment I
demanded that and he is doing the right
things but it is an important
transformation that requires all of us
to contribute to it to discuss it and no
one should be jailed for when you say
under mbss rule an interesting form of
dictatorship is being created in Saudi
Arabia ever since sander Avery was
founded it has been a dictatorship no
did that not bother you when you were
working on we know some things we are
done by consensus with an net the whole
net in a parliamentary system but
through our the whole family but as we
speak today there are Saudi
intellectuals and journalists jailed
now nobody will dare to speak and
curious
is the reform they're like okay Ali
shall be his Putin he's Iran's own
Supreme Leader what's your response to
Juma nothing is more difficult and
dangerous politically than change
particularly dramatic change nobody has
been able to carry out dramatic change
in the developing world successfully
under a pluralistic system you need the
benevolent autocracy now you can open
things up for debate
but the question is that history has
taught us you never know how far you can
open the window before it brings the
house crashing down that's something
that all students of history have
studied so he has a he has done a huge
amount of things I mean people for
example underestimate what he has done
for women and empowering women it wasn't
just women's driving it's integrating
women into the work workforce when women
drove in Saudi Arabia in 1990 when with
the women activists all we were both in
reality Amara night and I tell you the
reaction of the religious conservatives
went viral every mosque talked about
them this time there wasn't a peep from
anybody so he had to control that why
because he has because he has
intimidated them and he and he through a
number of these religious conservatives
and reactionaries in jail for good
reason so just on the woman drivers
thing though that has been the kind of
flagship policy is what people in the
West have talked about a lot you
mentioned it
you called him a bold leader who's
dragging his country into the 21st
century many would say it's not that
Bowl to allow women to drive in the only
country on Earth that doesn't allow it
and it's not a sign to be in the 21st
century it's a sign of being in the
early 20th century well yes if your bar
is if leaders while previous leaders for
the last 50 years than the rest of them
know you benchmark to your history you
benchmark to what was existing Joel hoon
is a modernized no because he's less
crazy no benchmark you benchmark put
some hand met to his predecessors you
benchmark people to their environment
you benchmark them to their peers you
don't benchmark him to the queen of
Sweden
come on the billion autocracy these not
such a thing has been a villian
autocracy autocracy cannot be penicillin
and let's also faithfully prove that
okay one more rule by the way that
people talk about that Saudi Arabia used
to be sort of a consensus
driven before king fahad and and you
know when when he took the decision to
allow American troops to come in and
that is documented in Western books and
in the memoirs of Schwarzkopf he took it
on the spot by himself he didn't consult
anybody Prince Abdullah the Crown Prince
was next to him and was against it so
the Monarchs have always been in Saudi
Arabia the ultimate rulers there's this
illusion that they were but that should
not make us except I mean we are talking
about a reform that you and I support
and we have opinions about it for
example everybody has opinions about
Israel how do you reconcile for example
for example right wing let's talk about
something other than woman driving neon
project this futuristic city that he is
planning to invest half a trillion
dollar in it what if it goes wrong it
could bankrupt the country but no one's
allowed to criticize no one allowed to
write an objective piece in any
newspaper thing you've written pieces
here in the US for Fox News and others
praising his reforms you couldn't write
pieces in Saturday but saying whatever
you like could you look no you can't and
and there's no doubt about that but and
you're okay with that no it's not a
question of okay with that question
there is no nois to give me an example
of a democracy in the developing world
that can affect change for example look
at what happened in Afghanistan with
Karzai right cuz I was supposedly
elected he was not even the mayor of
Kabul he could do nothing in his term so
when he left office you know Afghanistan
was still run by warlords it still was a
drug producing center no my point is it
doesn't work unfortunately and by the
many many developing countries who were
Democrats would disagree with you but
Jamal you talk about criticism I want to
talk about you you were a newspaper
editor you no longer live inside a river
you've said that friends of yours have
been arrested and detained you said that
friends of yours in Saudi think twice
about sharing whatever isn't fully in
line with official government group
think you've said why are you in
quote-unquote self-exile explain that to
our views simply because I don't want to
be arrested I don't want to be an extra
summons on rulers or someone order the
irony that he has no opposition Mohammed
bin Salman doesn't have an opposition he
doesn't have the
we burn Oscar as I have in Afghanistan
most of the people most of the
intellectuals most of the people in jail
today are supported of reform and if
they were out of jail they will be
supporting him there is no need to
arrest anybody and the reason the garage
nickels very strong in Saudi Arabia one
day and they objected to reform because
the government allowed them to what
happened in Saudi Arabia today about
radicalism the government and blood so
let me unplug the power tomorrow and
write a piece saying oh I think NBS is
doing some good stuff but here's where I
disagree with him and he went to prison
would you be okay with that look in the
interests of development in the
interests of development they break
there may be mistakes made yes would you
be okay with Jamal I would be okay with
going to going to jail for saying that
no absolutely not and I don't think he
would put usually defending the system
that would do that because the system
cannot be perfect and the system cannot
give you a specific because Jamal
Khashoggi is by the way let me just add
something if there are nothing like the
dungeons of the problem you can pick
individual examples and mistakes can
happen at an individual asterix but to
affect change in our environment you
cannot do it with an open but you cannot
have debate and discussion you think the
one man should be able to make this now
probably it would be better if we had
the wider spectrum of debate and
discussion that's a judgmental issue and
it's very very difficult for governments
to choreograph that perfect okay because
governments at the end of the day what
you run in this part of the world if the
risk of state breakdown okay we need to
we need to move on there's lots to
discuss I do want to also ask this
question about Islam in Saudi Arabia
because one of the things that the crown
prince has won a lot of praise for Jamal
in the West is he said Saudi Arabia
would be returning to a moderate Islam
that is open to all religions and people
do you buy that and do you agree with
mbss claim that Islam inside Ariba was
moderate before 1979 no sodium before
1979 was it moderate actually they were
a drive for modernization lead by King
Faisal at that time and King Faisal
throughout the Muslim Brotherhood to
open up that that the energy had line
school of thoughts and now we are
totally going against that but that will
take Mohammed bin Salman and take us in
Saudi Arabia into debating what is this
what Islam what moderate Islam Saudi
Arabia has to be aligned with Islam the
basic law of Saudi Arabia which the
Constitution but we don't call it a
constitution because of our hobby
reservations about the term Constitution
we we call soda Libyan Islamic state
so what Islam are we going to do rather
than challenging the Brotherhood I think
so dearly we should work hard into
introducing an Islam that is
accommodating modernity so what is that
Islam that required an open space for
discussion an open discourse for
discussion to have that Islam but give
me one example of an Arab country that
has opened up the space successfully it
hasn't but let me go back to the
question of Islam what the prince meant
was what do I give him that the
trajectory from the founding of Saudi
Arabia until 1979 was a trajectory of
continuous liberalization and reducing
the role of the clerical class so it had
been extremely extreme when if at rabbia
was founded and then by 1919 70s it had
got a much much more much more liberal
then with the Iranian Revolution it
scared the government and then to pick
17 and but in Iran you allow me to
finish one point the trajectory turns up
after that because the Iranian
Revolution scared the whole region and
by the way but the Iranian Revolution
the Iranian Revolution example sent an
example to every cleric in this region
that you could take power good so
without rejection so you need to
question in the 60s and 70s Saudi was
exporting
whatever you want to call it a hobby
isms Alif ISM etc to the rest of the
world this didn't start in 79 this was
going
the 60 in the 70s during the NASA appear
sadly didn't wake up in 1979 start
sending extremist text books around the
world you know that oh it's not a
question of extremists at its for a lot
of people in the West Adams francesco
the religious system was ultra
conservative and yes in the fifties and
sixties it was it was it was it was more
more than that it was twenty thirty
years before a low bar of course you
compare yourself to your histories
you're wrong isn't the problem here that
you're saying okay after 79 it got more
extreme you're agreeing with Ali and yet
you're here now in Washington say I want
this pluralism I want my dialogue and
debate but where was the dialogue and
debate in the 80s and 90s when you were
perfectly happy living and working
inside her there was look I got fired
from my job twice because I was pushing
for reform in Saudi Arabia it wasn't
that easy but people were not been put
in jails
there was a breathing space you had gone
through and you are going through now in
Saudi Arabia an intense period of change
your the amount of change that has been
put in the last two years okay including
subsidies you see which at which which
affects in the man on the street are you
can rock the hope to sit and say we need
particularly for American audience we
need more freedom for democracy I'm
asking for people to speak if Mohammed
bin Salman says sorry Reba was murdered
before 79 I'm gonna bring it back to
what it was before 1979 and as he said
in 60 minutes ago is it not a concession
that Saudi Arabia has been extremists
for the past 40 years despite all the
denials Western logic especially at
Saudi Arabia turned after 1979 into a
much more conservative state it
accommodated the extreme reactionary
right-wing if you want the
establishment because of that and he is
correcting that okay very brief about
saving tonight after 79 the government
joined hand with the radicals into
imposing a restrictive Society into a
last year Mohammed bin Salman thanks to
him and plug that if someone to blame
for what happened in the last 40 years
it is the government who empowered the
conservative colleges to impose come on
okay so I don't need to move on we can't
talk about MBS without talking about the
disastrous war in Yemen which he's
presided over both as crown prince and
as defense minister thousands dead
millions at risk of famine in cholera
the world's worst humanitarian crisis
according to the UN for this part of the
discussion I want to bring in from New
York Sarah Leah Whitson director of the
Middle East Division at Human Rights
Watch Sarah thanks for joining us
how much responsibility to Saudi Arabia
and MBS bear in your view for what's
going on in Yemen right now the violence
and suffering there well I would say
that they are responsible for the
overwhelming amount of human suffering
that we're seeing in Yemen right now the
United Nations has just released updated
figures on the casualties there with
over 6,000 civilians dead and
attributing over 60% of the civilian
casualties to air strikes which only the
Saudi coalition and that's primarily
really Saudi Arabia has carried out the
Saudi coalition has imposed an air sea
and land blockade on Yemen a country
that depends on imports for over 90% of
its food for almost all of its medicines
resulting in the humanitarian disaster
that we are seeing now in the country
and I would point massive physical
destruction of the country massive
cultural destruction of the country as
well so Ali how do you respond to that
how do you square MBS being a reformer
at home while committing what looked
like war crimes abroad well there are
two sides to a coin a country does not
go to war for fun or for a pet
as members of the of the journalist
community like yourself accused acusado
area Saudi Arabia went to war because it
felt that security was acutely
threatened which is why countries go to
war it felt that if it allowed what was
happening on that southern border to
develop where the Houthis would become a
powerful militia like Hezbollah its
security could be existentially
threatened when the holdings took over
the whole of Yemen they had the vision
of Saudi Arabia being of Yemen being
turned into another Lebanon so they went
to war now this is a war that has been
going on for three years now it's it's a
tragedy every human casualty is a
tragedy but you said Sarah you know six
thousand civilians of which 60% have
been attributed to Saudi that's 3,600
civilians killed over three years that
has been done in Syria in a week first
of all I think Holly is confusing two
basic concepts in law one is the
decision to go to war and whatever
reasons the Saudi Arabia government has
offered for bombarding Yemen are really
irrelevant to the question of the means
they've used to fight this war means
that are unlawful means that our amount
to war crimes means that include using
unlawful weapons like cluster bombs that
we have documented dozens of times that
will continue to impact generations of
Yemenis to come means of warfare that
have included bombarding schools
universities hospitals places of
residents really a wildly indiscriminate
completely unprofessional please don't
interrupt me please I know that's a
custom maybe in Saudi Arabia but no
please don't do it I would I would ask
you not to insult that way by the way
you sir after I'm done after I'm done
second of all you must be borrowing your
talking points from NGO monitor in
Israel would also chooses to distract
and up the skate from Israeli war crimes
at a place like Gaza by saying well
somewhere else is worse Syria is worse
Sudan is worse and so forth and as you
were saying we're going to compare Saudi
Arabia to its own record to its own
standards and the record and standards
of the conduct of its war in Yemen are
shameful and despicable and bur country
whose population has long been so
outraged by Israeli crimes in Gaza for
you to sit here and try to
brush under the carpet the grotesque
abuses of Saudi Arabia against the
people of Yemen against the children of
Yemen which has landed Saudi Arabia
twice on the Secretary General's list of
shame for abuses against children is
really just embarrassing
you've got some liars as we know first
of all I mean she she exposed herself by
saying Saudi reasons are irrelevant
you never said the reason for going to
war which is true about the conduct of
the question about MBS under two things
the conduct of war when you talk about
war crimes you have to assume that
there's an intent to harm civilians
there's not an answer on civilians well
no let me finish don't interrupt you're
the one lecturing people on trapping
gotit Iran there is no intent there's
been no evidence to prove that there was
any intent unfortunately you are
fighting an irregular army an irregular
army that is fighting a public relations
war that situates its material next to
civilian houses that uses schools that
uses hospitals so you get sometimes like
now has the Saudi military made mistakes
of course it's made according to Amnesty
a millions how do they know they're
deliberately talking how do they reach
that to how do you know if you take that
argument then everyone in the world know
because I know but shall I said that's
killed half a million people and if you
renew Europe is all about a million
people so he's your boy no he's really
weird no because I'm saying he's a
reformer when I point to alleged war
crimes in Yemen your responses but it's
not as bad as Bashar al-assad
yes but this is not claiming to be a
bachelor's no I'm saying that they are
not war crimes because war crimes there
has to be an intent okay Sarah has to be
no let me finish what finishes are
hasn't the stoop to carry out war crimes
that means that that purposefully you
wanted to hit us you made that poor you
wonder well now let's let's finish one
other point has the Saudi military made
mistakes of course it could have said
mistakes you said deliver let Sarah come
back in night
hold on when you find a widespread and
systematic pattern of abuses you can
deduce intent not all war crimes require
showing of say someone saying something
and again I should note that the Israeli
decide
have you been to sidelines widespread
and systematic pattern of indiscriminate
targeting is what we deduce intent from
and we've seen repeatedly when you
bombard schools hospitals medical
clinics places of residence repeated
widespread systematic attacks on
civilian targets we have investigated
dozens and dozens of those strikes as
have other human rights organizations as
has the UN Human Rights body and found
no military target in the vicinity do
not tell me that all of the bombardment
of civilian targets in Yemen is due to
Houthis hiding in the midst that is the
excuse that Israelis you so let me let
me we've run out of time unfortunately
Jamal I'm gonna ask you the final
question what is the way out of Yemen
you were a supporter of this war but is
there a way that MBS is gonna bring it
to an end doesn't seem like it that way
after Furman is to reach for a peaceful
solution that is inclusive and Muhammad
Wilson and the conference must agree to
accept the Islamist in Yemen and the
host in Yemen and everybody else he have
the set what has by the way what what
will safeguard Saudi Arabia from
dominance Iranian presence in Yemen is
an inclusive power shared government
that includes everybody
we need a democracy NES hours of our
Porter's but you see democracy in Yemen
Yemen you think you can create element
but but he but he's you think you can
create he's still reluctant to accept
the Islamist he want to defeat the whole
sea and not allowed Islamist made a lot
of yes-or-no questions and since you
mentioned democracy nietzermann MBS is
the great reformer in the eyes of some
people is on his watch is Saudi ever
gonna become a democratic yes not in his
watch I haven't heard him make even the
slightest difference that he will open
that he will open the country for power
sharing for democracy I'm gonna give you
the last word but Sarah do you think
Saudis politically on any kind of reform
towards democracy do you think
no absolutely not tragically not and
it's really quite an insult to the south
people who are increasingly educated
increasingly articulate and deserve the
right to be able to engage in the
political affairs of the country that
affect them that a cardigan a heretic
talk it's not going to with democracy
sorry I should go to it's better
governance and the whole point about
democracy in this car it has not worked
we'll have to leave it there
Jamal Khashoggi Alicia Hobby Sarah Leah
Whitson thanks for joining me on upfront
it's been called the Trump on the US
economy is strong again prosperity is
back day after day I think we hit
another one today but let's hold off on
congratulating President Trump just yet
the American economy is doing well but
it didn't grow by three four or five
percent last year
as Trump projected it might real gdp
actually grew by 2.3 percent roughly the
same average it's been growing at since
the end of the Great Recession last
year's growth is an improvement over the
previous year but it's still shy of
growth in 2015 and 2014
sorry no Trump bump here yet what about
jobs according to Trump job creation is
soaring and it's all thanks to him yes
the u.s. added almost two million jobs
in 2017 but that's the smallest increase
since 2009 so how is it that in less
than a year Trump can justify changing
his tune from I've inherited the worst
financial recovery in 65 years two
things are booming it sounded too good
to be true the stock market has smashed
one record after another the stocks
Trump almost had us there for a second
but once again his rhetoric didn't match
reality for starters the stock market in
the economy are not the same the economy
is the sum of all the goods we buy sell
and produce it's about the real wages of
citizens the stock market on the other
hand is the speculative valuation and
trading of those products and businesses
the two are connected but often
mistakenly conflated because you could
actually have a skyrocketing stock
market and a slow economy at the same
time or vice-versa
stock market is also just as volatile
and unpredictable as Trump himself the
markets ups and downs are the result of
a complex set of factors not just the
president
so Trump should do himself a favor and
stop blinking his leadership to the
stock market success because if he wants
to claim the booze he may have to own
the bus to the Dow's 1000 point plunge
was the second steepest drop on record
for a more accurate picture focus on the
data and trends and remember this is
Donald Trump he has lied on the record
an average of five times a day since
taking office so far the evidence of a
trump bump is nowhere to be seen
money talks but in this case it's just
Trump bluster upfront we'll be back next
week
you
