wherever they can people are grabbing
whatever they can a supermarket
warehouse spared by the earthquake and
tsunami has instead fallen to looters
they're taking not just food and water
or essentials they personally need but
anything they think might have value
bags of razor blades shampoo nappies
even paint I know it's not good but I
can sell it it would only have got
trampled if I hadn't taken it we've had
no help no ate nothing cash still buys
things even in a disaster zone but few
people are working for you are still are
being paid and with banks and ATMs shut
there's nowhere to access savings we've
stopped some distance from that scene
because over the last few days some
media crews have been attacked for
filming looting but those we've spoken
to say they don't consider this looting
or themselves as robbers but these are
desperate times and they're not getting
the official help they need where people
aren't looting they're begging the
messages on the boxes read we're hungry
we're thirsty our team gave a little but
they intend of thousands of others need
much more down by the water
we found ambo soccer walking around
where until Friday afternoon his house
and those of many of his relatives had
been he wasn't home at 5:02 when the
earthquake hit but his mother
cousins nieces and nephews were some of
the children ran to higher ground but he
says his mother and five others saw no
need they'd run after a previous big
earthquake in 2005 when no tsunami had
followed this time they didn't hear a
siren and saw nothing strange happening
to the sea 20 minutes later it was much
too late to run I want to see what's
left of my home maybe I can salvage
something we've had no help from the
government just some water and noodles
from people who've given to the charity
one thing the government says it is
addressing is a chronic lack of fuel
it's brought in three weeks normal
supply of diesel and a week's worth of
petrol and is flying in a hundred petrol
pump attendants to get people through
queues far
right now it takes 15 hours to reach the
front Andrew Thomas al Jazeera par Lu
Indonesia
