general HR McMaster will become the
national security adviser he arrived at
a tumultuous time just a month into his
presidency Trump had fired national
security adviser Michael Flynn for lying
to the vice president over his
conversations with the Russians
it is both diplomacy and sanctions
working together but it wasn't long
before McMaster was enveloped in his own
controversy within months of his hiring
many Trump supporters wanted McMaster
out after reports surfaced he renewed
the security clearance of President
Barack Obama's National Security Advisor
Susan Rice they also blamed him for
leaked White House conversations with
world leaders even starting a hashtag
fire McMaster although Trump stood by
his national security advisor publicly
privately he reportedly clashed with the
army general who didn't like Trump's
undisciplined style of governing but it
was a comment at a security summit in
Germany in February that many believe
was the beginning of the end
following a Department of Justice
indictment of 13 Russian nationals
accused of interfering in the 2016 US
election McMaster said this and as you
can see with the FBI indictment the
evidence is now really incontrovertible
and available in the public domain
Trump was reportedly livid tweeting that
McMaster forgot to add the results of
the 2016 election were not impacted or
changed by the Russians with Secretary
of State Rex Tillerson was fired on
social media speculation began that
McMaster would be the next to go I'm
really at a point where we're getting
very close to having the cabinet 20
years ago HR McMaster wrote a book
called dereliction of duty about how
military generals failed to stand up to
presidents during the Vietnam War many
believe it is this approach that cosmic
master his job after futile efforts to
constrain
the president Kimberly hell kid
al-jazeera Washington
