our Saudi Arabia and the United Arab
Emirates buying influence in the White
House the Saudi Crown Prince is reported
to have boasted that he has Donald
Trump's son-in-law in his pocket and
leaked documents allege a major
fundraiser for the president was offered
business deals from the Gulf to
influence u.s. policy this is inside
story
and welcome to the program I'm Jane
Dutton while Mohammed bin Salman
continues his two-week tour of the
United States the Saudi Crown Prince is
being accused of using classified
intelligence from the u.s. president's
daily briefing in his crackdown on
dissent back home
the intersect online publication says
the source was Donald Trump's son-in-law
and senior advisor Jared Kushner
he's reporter too revealed names of
Saudis disloyal to the Crown Prince and
at least one of them may have been
tortured Kushner's legal team denies any
such discussion his top secret clearance
that allowed him to access the
president's Daily Brief was taken away
last month also in the spotlight ended
Brody a leading fundraiser for Trump
with business interests in the UAE the
New York Times says he was pushing the
White House to dismiss Rex Tillerson the
US Secretary of State who was fired last
week and the paper says when he wanted
an aggressive stance on Iran and cut up
he's accused catta of hacking his emails
a charge Qatar denies leaked documents
revealed close coordination between
Brody and George Nader a Lebanese
American businessman and an advisor to
the United Arab Emirates Nader is
reported to have organized a summit of
five Arab leaders in 2015 4 of them
joined the blockade against Qatar last
June Nader has reportedly been
questioned by special counsel Robert
Mueller's team about his ties to the UAE
u.s. media reports indicate Mueller's
looking into whether the UAE tried to
buy influence in the white US that's
bringing our guests on set with me is my
job's very Director of the Gulf Studies
Centre at Qatar University from
Washington DC by Skype is Halil josh on
executive director arab center of
Washington and from Florence also by
Skype is Afshin Shahid senior lecturer
of Middle East politics at University of
Bradford thank you all for joining us I
know it's still early there Khalil Josh
on but I'm just wondering how this is
berate you how this is likely to
reverberate I think the information that
was released by the intercept is
worrisome and I hope that it will get
the attention it deserves first I think
with regards to the nature of the Saudi
American relationship I think this
information shows that this new if you
will transactional Machiavellian
character of the relationship both sides
using each other you know Trump on one
hand saying we put our man on top and
bin Salman claiming to have Kushner in
his pocket that kind of moves the
relationship actually from 75 years of
mutual interest to a kind of mutual
manipulation and in 2018 but the most
serious element I think that will most
problem will most probably generate some
serious attention is the Kushner leak
again basically who authorized the leak
was it Krishna on on his own that was it
based on the president's instruction to
share that information regarding some
u.s. traditional friends who ended up
being enemies of MBS
Hamid bin Salman and who ended up being
either dismissed from office or
penalized or tortured or imprisoned as a
result of that information so there will
be I guarantee you some investigation of
what did this leaked Intel your comments
about this potentially explosive and
damaging information I mean what what's
being released today or was being leaked
it's telling us very important facts I
think I'm saying fact because in the
late Barack Obama administration there
was a lot of debate about why the Saudis
and Emiratis are upset of Barak Obama
administration and why they are looking
for a Republican president in the White
House and that was at that time
speculation that how those two countries
in particular will be looking at the
elections
we know that they are not in favor of
Clinton because of her call for
democracy and human rights and and also
brazing al-jazeera n-- and many of her
statement I think Trump was was was a
better choice choice for Thor the two
countries so historically the
relationship between Saudi Arabia and
Republicans was was an important you
know issue when it comes to the American
Society relations so I think there is a
puzzle and I think we are now getting
the piece of this puzzle every day from
you know report there and and some part
of the news here I think what's what we
are finding that there is a
determination will a planned view on how
to deal with the situation in the region
including Iran Iran we know that the
Saudis are not happy with the deal and I
think they were not happy of Barack
Obama foreign policy towards Iran and
they did actually they did not deny that
they said in public that Barack Obama
was in favor of Iran I think they wanted
the president in the White House who
actually against Iran Trump was the
person who has a against Iran I think
all of this together tell us that there
there is sort of plan there is sort of
vision on how to deal with the situation
after Barack Obama and and I think if we
look at the campaign of the Trump and
the the leaking today about you know the
fundraisers and all of this this tells
you that there is also sort of a
preparation on how to deal with the
situation in the White House and the
bring the person who you can work with
and can defend and the interest of the
two countries and that's what we are
seeing now at least since last year that
starting the blockade of butter options
I are you reading these developments
this latest expose and do you think what
we are seeing and mujeeb touched on
here's the American foreign policy is
reverting back to what the Republicans
really want you know the access to oil
pushing Iran away getting closer to
Saudi Arabia with you and for that
reason
I believe that this is actually a very
dark day and a very dark moment for
American democracy just like the thought
of that an American advisor the
son-in-law of the president taking some
intelligence and we still don't know if
it was with the authorization from the
president or not regardless of that
taking some sensitive information flying
to Saudi Arabia and passing these
sensitive information about who is loyal
and who is not who is not loyal to the
new Saudi Crown Prince in a country that
has one of the worst Human Rights
records in the Middle East and then
seeing the severe consequences of
basically that that action we know at
least a number of people have been
tortured the number of people have been
arrested
a number of people have lost their
wealth and property at least partly
because of that intelligence sorting the
idea that actually somebody using
American intelligence for his own
financial benefit or his own personal
benefit I think is a very very very sad
and at the same time tragic news for for
American democracy and apart from the
Saudi context I think the vote has been
completely preoccupied for example about
the role of Russia and the ways in which
Russia has been interfering in in
American democracy and they had been
completely ignoring the role of new
lobbying groups primarily dominated by
by United Arab Emirates since 2008 when
mr. o tayba became the ambassador to and
to Washington DC effectively he changed
the traditional approach to counterfeit
in having gaining influence in
Washington DC traditionally basic Arab
states try to kind of approach the big
powerful figures in
White House or the State Department or
Pentagon to buy an influence but
actually he implicated he replicated
account of the pro-israeli
kind of living room primarily a pack
instead of primarily focusing on
powerful group mr. o tayba started to
have an influence in the prevailing
discourse in Washington DC he started to
have investment in various syntax he
started to buy the loyalty of various
journalists and various major media
organization okay that was too much as
if I may I mean if you look at how wide
that net was thrown before the elections
if this all comes out then it has been
proved that Russia was involved the UAE
was involved Facebook and the data
hacking there I mean it's quite
extraordinary isn't it the sort of
people that were brought to the table in
order to get into power I think the the
end of Barak Obama administration or
presidency was a happy moment a moment
to a lot of the players including Russia
Saudi Arabia and those basically who did
not believe that Barack Obama foreign
policy was helpful to them I think what
we are as I mentioned the preparation
the plan the communication with with
with influential you know media and and
research centers the the money was being
paid and different to different
individuals or entities all of this
together together tell us that you know
that there was sort of a reason for that
and the reason I I see it is to redirect
the White House toward their own
interest and the definition of the
region and the interest of the region I
think there was sort of determination
that the era of Barack Obama should be
ended and there should be something
their own saver helping their own
interest I think if you see since Trump
came to power all of his foreign policy
the first visit he has done was was to
Riyadh all of his you know the the
tweets about you know how much he is
happy of Saudi Arabia
foreign policy and and he was a proud of
in sermon and Crown Prince Mohammed bin
Salman and how all braising them all of
this again taking us to this to the
point that the the Republicans and this
president in particular he was seeing
Saudi Arabia as a strong and and the
better Alliance to the region to achieve
his goal whether financially because he
wanted the money of Saudi Arabia as high
as he mentioned two days ago that they
can help the United State to creating
jobs and also he wanted Saudi Arabia
because of the Israeli conflict and the
the deal of the century and they call it
and how they want so they're able to
play important role of a final
resolution for the arab-israeli conflict
so he needs Saudi Arabia Saudi Arabia
and America they need the United State
and I think they put all of this effort
to make sure that it it leads to achieve
their goals Khalil to that end are we
seeing a sort of whitewashing of Saudi
Arabia now in the United States and I
refer back to that rather sycophantic
CBS interview where Mohammed bin Salman
wasn't challenged on the atrocities
committed in Yemen the human rights
abuses committed in the country just
just a few subjects that should have
been tackled do you think that is what
we're seeing at the moment we've also
had Donald Trump praising the good
relationship when it comes to arms deals
rather than noting and why would he that
these arms are being used in places like
Yemen to commit those atrocities I do
it's quite clear that the bilateral
relationship between Riyadh and
Washington is changing and it's changing
for the negative and in that direction
actually as you just described the what
I referred to earlier as this mutual
manipulation to me it was embarrassing
as a long-term observer of this
relationship over the past thirty plus
years to see that short meeting with
between Trump and and NBS focusing on
these charts
terms of weapon systems I mean is this
what this strategic relationship is all
about
so this Machiavellian I think component
is not totally new but it seems to to
have all of a sudden you know colored
their relationship controlled the
relationship or all over so
traditionally we got accustomed to what
was referred to earlier the this special
relationship where you have the top
executive in Riyadh and a top executive
here in Washington dealing with each
other so if you look traditionally at
the history of the relationship it was
the king dealing with the president the
way it was in the days you know with
with Abdullah and with fur head and
others and and on this side the you know
going back to Reagan and Bush both
bushes and so on where the relationship
was totally focused at the highest level
now we have this new level of
manipulation by a lower level basically
adviser to the president who happens to
be his son-in-law who is being
manipulated by others so I I see it
personally as a devaluation frankly of
the relationship between both sides and
after a real capture of the White House
yes and you know it was very interesting
that you know over the last few months
the White House constantly has been kind
of praising NBS and over his kind of
very progressive social policies and at
the same time the White House has been
completely indifferent about so many
other issues that have been facing Saudi
Arabia or certainly the policies which
have been championed by NBS which have
been kind of embarrassing at least in
every sense of the term it wasn't that
long ago when the prime minister of a
sovereign country was effectively
arrested and put under house arrest in
Saudi Arabia here I'm referring to the
Lebanese kind of the prime minister who
was effectively arrested in Saudi Arabia
yeah the United States didn't say
anything and didn't actually do anything
and yet be using county's golden
opportunity at the moment which is as as
you guessed it which is one of creating
an opportunity or a platform for deeper
ties between Saudi Arabia and the United
States and to in my opinion to primarily
counterfeit use this opportunity for
their personal game I don't think it is
necessarily about national interest
because after all we had that Donald
Trump went to Saudi Arabia in order to
kind of secure some very good deal for
the American economy only a few days
after count of signing all those
contracts and documents will realize
that they were not after all real
contracts ever basically and the letters
of intent at the same time we know that
mr. Kushner personally played a very
very important role to persuade mr.
Trump to use and choose Khan of Saudi
Arabia as the first kind of country to
visit because what you touch on how it
hasn't succeeded on many levels and how
it measured bits backfired when it comes
to Iran for example I mean if we talk
about the bigger picture here the
blockade on Qatar which pushed cats are
closer to Iran we see Iran growing in
strength in Lebanon in Syria in Iraq I
mean that has a negative impact as we
know on Saudi Arabia because that drives
so much of its foreign policy at least
so far none of the aims or none of the
goals of Saudi Arabia has been achieved
you know the war on Yemen is because
draining the economy of Saudi Arabia and
they are now forced to have you know
behind the door negotiation with the
Houthis has been reported last week when
it comes to Iran of course Trump is is
complicating the whole deal now and he's
promising that the United States would
withdraw from the deal by myth of a
pearl if the Europeans are not serious
about reviewing the whole
deal our or including the Messel program
of Iran but still Iran is is enjoying
the moment by saying that still I have
you know Europeans on board they are
believing on on the deal the defending
the deal so Iran is still feel confident
that the deal is still is strong and
there are support for the deal when it
comes to the other files actually the
Americans were absolutely not in the
scene I mean in Syria Russia on board
and Iraq the Americans they are very
they have very very minimum role
especially sick the small military
forces in Iraq as I mentioned Yemen the
same case so actually in the last since
Trump came to power we so there's
limited role of the Americans on those
files the rows of others and Saudi
Arabia is losing more and on those files
actually a little the u.s. might have
Saudi Arabia on its side but I should
imagine that the u.s. really needs to
tread very carefully when it comes to
Iran because if Donald Trump does what
he wants to do and you know scrapped the
deal eventually where will it leave his
European partners where will it leave
Russia
what sort of action will it provoke Iran
to do and what sort of spin-off will
they have on Saudi Arabia Crown Prince
Mohammed bin Salman has already said
that they will nuke up if Iran is seen
to do that I think what is important in
this formula is the fact that both sides
are trying to manipulate each other I'm
talking about Riyadh and and Washington
on the other hand to achieve
irreconcilable actually objectives with
regards to to Tehran even though the the
conventional wisdom is that there is
harmony right now in the objec
objectives visibly Vasavi Iran I I don't
think so I think the Saudis are trying
to use the Americans if you will to stem
or put an end to the expansion of
influence that was referred to earlier
by Iran in excursions into Lebanon in
Iraq in Syria in Yemen and so on the US
has not been
and will not be interested for all kinds
of internal reasons to to do if you will
the bidding for Saudi Arabia at once
Saudi Arabia to do the work which it's
not willing to do or capable of doing at
this time while the US would give it the
logistic support but not necessarily to
become a party to these conflicts so the
desire on the part of the Mohammed bin
Salman is of this world to have the u.s.
take the broom and the dustpan and and
clean up in the Gulf is not going to
happen at all so the the the expectation
is as I think far-fetched after let's go
back to these revelations the brownie
the nadir what we have heard Kushner's
allegedly up to what sort of impact is
that likely to have on the US
administration now the White House
Donald Trump when it comes to the
geopolitics in this region will he be
weakened where does it leave the Robert
Mueller investigation I think the result
of inquiry but as I mentioned Ariane
this is you know a very sad moment for
American democracy and it is a
scandalous in every sense of the term I
think everybody knew that both Saudi
Arabia and United Emirates using the
existing situation in Washington DC and
the new White House and the new
president to broaden their kind of
influence in in Washington but this
level of that interference effectively
buying influence or potentially bribing
powerful people close to the president
for influence I mean this is a different
kettle of fish if the vote is absolutely
Gorgon eyes about account of the
possible role of Russia in the recent
American election I think this scandal
or this issue potentially can be really
more significant and way more than
serious for for Mary
and politics and also it makes you
realize what we're seeing happening here
in this region it's just not going to
end any time soon there is a lack of a
thrust of this administration
I don't think so they're they know they
are you know they they are they believe
on that American is sincere on finding
solutions that the different dynamic in
the administration the changing of
politicians this actually makes things
more complicated I don't think so
this lack of a trust will increase
rapidly of the administration and I
think this will make most of the crisis
actually on hold for for for maybe a
long time unfortunately right so where
to from here
Khalil what do you think we are likely
to see as I should imagine all sides
scramble to lessen the negative impact
of this well as far as the the United
States is concerned I mean the emphasis
right now is internal so regardless of
what the ambitions are on the part of
Kushner or even his father and law that
is not going to materialize soon they
have some serious challenges on their
hands regarding their own behavior the
investigations facing them through the
special prosecutor if charges are filed
against them this administration is
going to be totally paralyzed and and so
they might try to use foreign policy
here and they are including them at
least including the relationship with
Saudi Arabia to show that they are
successful and they are bringing jobs as
the president tried to do in his meeting
yesterday or earlier this week with the
crown prince of Saudi Arabia but that's
not going to convince people in a sense
that most Americans today are not
looking and I'm not welcoming for any
additional involvement in a conflict in
the Middle East whether it's Syria or
whether it's Iran or or Iraq or what or
Yemen or what-have-you
okay the administration will continue to
bleed internally and to weaken Khalil
Josh on with those final words thank you
very much thank you very much as well to
my other guest Najib sweary and of shin
Shahi and thank you too for watching you
can see the program again anytime by
visiting our way
site aljazeera.com for further
discussion you can go to our Facebook
page that's facebook.com forward slash
AJ inside story can also join the
conversation on twitter our handle is at
AJ inside story for me Jane Dutton and
race to the inside story team thanks for
watching
