what the UN calls the world's worst
humanitarian disaster has become even
worse Yemen has officially run out of
money the shortage of funds has forced
the central bank to close
Saudi Arabia had agreed to transfer
money to help alleviate the effects with
three-year war on Yemen Yemeni bank
chiefs say 680 million dollars were
seized in the port of Aden by UAE forces
the UAE is part of the Saudi coalition
fighting in Yemen the latest
repercussions of the Houthi missile
aimed at Saudi Arabia that provoked a
blockade on ports and airports hindering
vital aid and imports getting in the
shipment of cash was meant to pay the
salaries of public employees Yemen has
been ravaged by the civil war between
the internationally recognized
government base in the south which is
backed by the Saudis and their allies
and the Houthi movement which controls
the north and is backed by Iran as well
as the cash crisis two government
ministers have resigned after calling
for the president's return from Saudi
Arabia the Minister of the state salah
el cid tweeted that the saudis are
preventing a barea Mansour Hadi and his
sons returning from their self-imposed
exile in Riyadh the Deputy Prime
Minister also stepped down he is opening
the new Central Yemen Bank in Aden
last year as an ally at an Italian I
hope they will deal with Yemen as a
country that has a great 7,000 year
civilization Yemen is not on the margin
Yemen is not a Banana Republic
Yemen is a big brotherly country the
coalition came to support the country's
legitimacy and its institutions it is a
must to deal with Yemen with all respect
he's angry accusing the kingdom of going
back on their promises Yemenis want
respect but their focus is on survival
schools and hospitals are the latest
targets of this conflict famine in
addition to a cholera and diphtheria
epidemic with this latest cash crisis
the suffering of Yemenis looks no closer
to ending Hana hawkster al Jazeera
