a March for equality Tunisian women
demanding parity with men in matters
related to life and death for these
activists the time has come for the
country's inheritance law to change in
our opinion this is quite simply one of
the last bastions of the patriarchy
because we're made to believe that these
are issues regarding religion but in
fact they're issues of the heart of
patriarchy last year president Beji Caid
Essebsi announced a review of a law that
says a woman should receive only half
the share of an inheritance that a man
does even in a country known in the
region for being progressive when it
comes to women's rights the proposal was
controversial Bush Roberta Hodge Amida
is a member of parliament who heads up
the Commission of individual freedoms
and equality a group that's drafting the
revised rules and recommendations while
she's optimistic future generations will
be granted more opportunities and
liberties she also explains how the
subject of inheritance is a contentious
one and that the upcoming municipal
elections in May could further
complicate things this report was
supposed to be issued to the president
on February 20th but we tried to avoid
the election campaigns and wanted to
keep the issue outside the realm of
politics and any political tensions last
year Parliament passed landmark laws
criminalizing domestic violence and
harassment in public spaces while
Tunisia's current legal system is a
mixture of both civil and religious laws
conservatives are far from happy with
the proposals on inheritance law they
say any and all matters related to
inheritance are already enshrined in
Islamic law and therefore should not be
allowed to be challenged according to
members of a local women's rights group
things are improving but more needs to
be done between the legal system and the
reality lived by women there is a gap
and for us this is our mission today how
to make the loss and the reality closer
to each other
they say equality in inheritance is
another important step in the right
direction one that will ultimately
ensure society provides liberties and
human dignity to men and women alike
Mohammed Abdullah Al Jazeera Tunis
Tunisia
