it's hardly a secret that Israel
destroyed what his intelligence services
said was a Syrian nuclear reactor almost
11 years ago but now it's officially
acknowledging that fact and detailing
the operation for the first time
Israel's military on Wednesday released
cockpit videos of the airstrike in the
early hours of September the 6th 2007
the isolated building next to the
Euphrates River entirely obliterated
unlike a similar strike on an Iraqi
reactor in 1981 which sparked
international condemnation the
celebrations took place in secret the
official policy was silence until now
I'm assume the message from the 2007
attack on the reactor is that Israel
will not tolerate construction that
could pose an existential threat to the
State of Israel this was the message in
1981 this was the message in 2007 and
this is the future message for our
enemies Israel may have been publicly
silent at the time but behind the scenes
it was working to convince the
international community of its
assessment that the reactor was a
virtual replica of North Korea's
Yongbyon facility built with extensive
help from North Korea its purpose to
produce weapons-grade plutonium after
the operation intelligence officers
presented to the heads of state of
Europe the United States Russia and the
Arab states intelligence information
that substantiated the justification for
this attack in order to help them
support us and convince asset not to
react the decision to go public comes
ahead of the publication of the memoirs
of the man who ordered the attack then
Prime Minister Olmert more significantly
it forms a clear threat to Iran at a
time when Israel's Prime Minister
Benjamin Netanyahu is repeatedly warning
the Israeli public and foreign leaders
about Iran's military activity inside
Syria and its nuclear program at home
Netanyahu has been urging Donald Trump
to pull the u.s. out of the multilateral
Iran nuclear deal Trump has said have
made the 12th deadline for a decision
just last month Israel carried out
extensive air strikes inside Syria after
one of its fighters was shot down an
incident triggered by what Israel said
was an incursion into its territory by
an Iranian drone
there were fears then of a wider
escalation fears which haven't gone away
Harry Fawcett al Jazeera West Jerusalem
