the gun protests spearheaded by
survivors of the Stoneman Douglas high
school mass shooting are the latest in a
long tradition of youth led protest
movements students have been at the
vanguard of social movements in America
for a long time people become
risk-averse as they get older but you
know youth allowed to live with their
head in the lion's mouth the list of
student-led protests is long including
the 1960 lunch counter sit-ins against
u.s. racial segregation that galvanized
the civil rights movement the
anti-vietnam war demonstrations
beginning in 1967 the may 1968
anti-capitalist
and anti imperialist protests that
paralyzed France and spread across
Europe
China's IANA Minh Square student
pro-democracy protests in 1989 the youth
revolt that toppled middle east
governments during the Arab Spring of
2011 and the black lives matter movement
in the United States from 2014 onward I
think part of it has to do with youthful
exuberance and and fearless
determination in the face of great
daunting risks a refusal to settle for
the stale compromises that a lot of
adults have in the world around them
some youth protest movements were
crushed for a time but their impact
lingered often changing political
systems and national cultures with the
memory of idealism standing up to power
echoing across generations after decades
of repeated mass shootings followed by
barren debate and inaction over guns the
Parkland survivors protest has already
led to stricter gun laws in Florida and
with students across the country joining
in created a sense of urgency about gun
control school safety and the political
stranglehold of the gun lobby these
students have moved the needle because
they've been in a position to say we're
going to bring the ghost of our dead
mates with us to every debate a movement
led by youth who refused to be silent
Rob Reynolds al-jazeera Los Angeles
let's go
