there has been some rain in wadiya
County for the first time in months
Mahad ah subdora and her neighbors in
the village of Ballad Lane veteran water
that collects in paddles on the main
road they have no clean water source and
often rely on deliveries trucked to them
by the local government from a borehole
more than 40 kilometres away it's been a
week since they last saw the truck oh no
no confetti water we don't have anything
else to drink right now
we cook food with it too when our
children come from school they drink it
sometimes they get sick but we have few
options but the rains I erotic and
droughts frequent forcing hiding
communities to work longer distances in
search for food and water and fights
often break out as resources become even
more scarce these camels are being taken
to another faraway area weight has
rained but most conflicts over water and
pasture happened during drought seasons
where there's not much to go around
elders we talked to told us that the
traditional ways of solving problems of
our resources are somewhat ineffective
now because of political interference
here the elders discuss recent
territorial clashes between two
communities claiming rights to an area
where trains more at least 80 people
have died in a dispute over land since
more than a decade ago four of them
including Abdul Muhammad pregnant wife
were killed in the most recent conflict
she's left behind six children people
from the other community need water or
food they should come and ask but not
yet by force that's what leads to
conflict and it's the government and
other development partners have been
sinking boreholes building dams and
constructing water pans to bring water
closer to harder than their animals but
even then finding it is getting more
difficult what used to be very popular
for shallow wells you will only drop
what the Egyptians used to call shut off
to collect water and in defeat all wells
used to have what now you de can turn 60
feet I know what back at the village
Mahara and her neighbors have had their
feel and it's time for the goats to
drink
the villagers hope the water truck will
soon come knowing that even when it does
arrive there is never enough for all of
them
Catherine soy al-jazeera orgia
northeastern Kenya
