police in Texas say they are hunting for
a serial bomber we are working under the
belief that this is related to the other
bombing incidents that have occurred in
our community over the past week and a
half
package bombs in the state capital
Austin killed two people and injured
four others on Tuesday a fifth package
exploded at a courier distribution
center in the city of shirts near San
Antonio a package had been traveling
along the automated conveyer when it had
it had exploded one employee that was
standing near the explosion later
complained a complained of ringing in
the ears she was treated and released we
were very fortunate that there were no
injuries
police say the eventual destination of
that package was an address in Austin
and would have come here next Bryan
Himes and 60 other employees of a
courier company were evacuated after
another suspicious package was found
here it gets me thinking cuz what if I
loaded up that packages and soon as I
set it down and explodes and I go and so
does a truck goes and then that truck
explodes the other trucks full of gas
and diesel and the whole FedEx vicinity
is all destroyed and everybody's trapped
in there you scared now yeah now it
scared hey the FedEx explosion was the
fifth in a series apparently detonating
early the first three packages were left
on doorsteps like deliveries then the
pattern went from specific to random a
fourth bomb on Sunday injured two
pedestrians who stepped on a roadside
tripwire you can hear the blast in this
surveillance video
not since the attacks by so-called
Unabomber Ted Kaczynski in 1995 have
police faced a bombing spree like it the
bomber is progressing he's feeling
extremely powerful now he's got the city
on edge and he's reveling in the fear
that he's producing 500 federal state
and local law enforcement officers are
trying to find the bomber the triggers
on the bombs are sophisticated but
police say there is no set pattern to
them now they're asking everyone in this
city of 1 million to consider every
package suspicious until they find the
bomber and stop the explosions
police addressed the bomber directly we
want to understand what brought you to
this point and we want to listen to you
a plea for the start to talks and an end
to the bombings John hendren al jazeera
Austin Texas
