searching for what little is left this
house was destroyed in an airstrike by
the saudi-led coalition the Yemeni
capital sana has been targeted
repeatedly since the conflict began
nearly three years ago killing more than
10,000 Yemenis displacing millions and
threatening famine in what the UN
describes as the world's worst
humanitarian crisis in Paris Amnesty
International released a report it
commissioned from a law firm which found
France and its armed suppliers faced
heightened legal risk for supplying
weapons to Saudi Arabia and the UAE the
rights group said the sales are
continuing despite their warnings the
the the main outcome is that most of the
the exportation of weapons of arms by
France to Saudi Arabia and the United
Arab Emirates within the the the Yemenis
conflict are most probably completely
illegal and this could lead to legal
actions against either companies or
administrative power French
administrative powers the two Gulf
states are leading a coalition fighting
the Iranian back Houthi rebels who
controlled most of northern Yemen and
the capital sana the report follows
criticism by French politicians of
President Emmanuel macron because of his
support for the coalition through this
legal study we call for the opening of a
real debate and equally an immediate
suspension of the sale of arms from
France to those two countries engaged in
war in Yemen France's foreign ministry
has dismissed the concern saying
processes surrounding arms sales are
robust and transparent Saudi Arabia and
the United Arab Emirates are among the
biggest buyers of French weapons
receiving tanks armored vehicles
munitions artilleries and in the UAE s
case fighter jets India's taya al
Jazeera
