the US Attorney General fired the FBI's
deputy director on Friday there are now
fears president Donald Trump might try
to sack Special Counsel Robert Miller so
what does all this mean for the Russia
investigation this is inside story
hello there and welcome to the program
I'm Laura Kyle almost a year ago
President Donald Trump fired the
director of the FBI James Comey a
controversial move that set in motion
developments that continue to
reverberate across at Washington now
Friday's dismissal of the man who is
commis deputy Andrew McCabe is raising
further questions Attorney General Jeff
Sessions accused him of misconduct and a
lack of candor Trump called it a great
day for democracy but mccabe says his
firing as part of donald trump's
continuing war on the FBI he also
revealed that he'd kept notes about his
meetings with trump those memos have now
been given to Special Counsel Robert
Miller who's looking into possible
Russian meddling in the 2016 election
Trump has called them fake memos and is
now calling on the Malheur investigation
to be shut down but some Republicans
along with many Democrats have warned
Trump not to dismiss Mullah Republican
Senator Lindsey Graham says if he does
fire mother it could be the beginning of
the end of trump's presidency well
beginning to our guests in just a moment
but first this report from patty Calvin
in Washington if Twitter is any
indication US President Donald Trump is
growing increasingly worried about the
investigation into ties between his
campaign and Russia sending off a series
of angry tweets including this one where
he did something he normally doesn't do
he mentions robert muller by name
tweeting why does the Muller team have
13 hardened Democrats some big crooked
Hillary supporters and zero Republicans
another dem recently added does anyone
think this is fair and yet there is no
collusion there are a couple of problems
with this tweet first of all Muller is a
Republican so is the man in charge of
him Rod Rosenstein who trump appointed
and the FBI director Christopher Rea
also a Republican Trump also tweeted
there was no crime but three people who
were part of his campaign to rather high
up have pled guilty to committing crimes
more than 20 people and companies have
been indicted so far on Saturday Trump's
personal lawyer John Dowd called for a
shutdown of Muller's investigation at
first saying he was speaking for the
Pres
but later backtracking leading to
criticism from Democrats and Republicans
this would undoubtedly result in a
constitutional crisis and I think
Democrats and Republicans need to speak
out about this right now give him the
time the resources the independence to
do is job and when you are innocent if
the allegations collusion with the
Russians and there is no evidence of
that and you're innocent of that act
like it
Trump can't actually fire Moeller but he
could try to fire the people in charge
of him asking their replacements to kill
the probe that would likely lead to huge
protests and pressure on Congress to
name Muller a special prosecutor giving
him vastly more power that couldn't be
stopped no matter what the president
wants patty Cal Haines al-jazeera
Washington
okay let's bring in our guests now and
in Washington DC we have Laura brown
director and associate professor at the
Graduate School of political management
at George Washington University in
Lubbock Texas via Skype oliver mcgee
former deputy assistant transport
secretary and also in washington Bruce
Fein former associate Deputy Attorney
General a very warm welcome to all of
you Oliver let's cut straight to the
chase here
why has the FBI's former deputy director
Andrew McCabe being fired well basically
this was about the Inspector General's
report and the Office of Professional
Responsibility
when mccabe was in charge of the clinton
investigation and also an investigation
of the emails and the foundation this is
all about being forthright to the FBI
questioning this is about transparency
and disclosure while you're in charge of
the investigation and the FBI internal
review found there were problems with
that and so they made recommendations to
the Attorney General and he acted
usually when a cabinet when a cabinet
secretary gets report from Inspector
General they usually follow that record
so what do you make then of all these
suspicions that it was a political move
and got Trump criticizing McCabe four
months beforehand celebrating it over
the weekend as a as a great day for
democracy you can see where those
suspicions come from well I think that
it's not necessarily a celebration by
the president he's just merely
responding to what the American people
are saying seventy-five percent of the
American people are now saying that they
want this probe to end it's been a year
long we delved into quite a bit of
information quite a bit of money has
been spent and largely there has been no
collusion and there is really no
obstruction of justice and obstruction
of justice requires that there is a
crime or misdemeanor first before you
can then begin to obstruct justice the
president has a right to of his
appointment powers along with powers of
signature and to persuade to pick the
people that he want to serve in his
administration firing chrome call me was
well within the purview of the president
and then you cannot then turn this into
a giant prosecution probe and as he
calls a witch-hunt just because you've
decided to make a big personnel changed
okay also I do want to get more broadly
into the wider investigation later just
for the moment let's just stick with
McCabe Laura what do you make of his
sacking and it coming just two days
before here at retirement I mean that
seems awfully unfair well I think what
it appears to be is vindictive while
there may have been some questions about
how Andrew McCabe handled his authority
with regard to press releases and
revealing information about the
investigations to the media which was
the original sort of inappropriate
handling of evidence and facts that it
seems wildly in congruous and much sort
of out of line with what happened versus
what his record was versus what his
punishment was and I do think what you
see is an FBI that is under assault by
this administration that is being
attacked at every level and I think
unfairly they are pursuing
investigations that we know actually are
important it was the decision by many
intelligence entities that the Russians
did meddle in the 2016 election and what
we're really trying to understand is the
extent of that operation how much were
operatives at the campaign level
involved in that effort okay Bruce what
do you make of that I mean there's a
suggestion that McCabe has memos of
conversations with Trump that might be
revelatory one wonders what those
revelations might be well we could
extrapolate from what mr. Comey has said
for example he has testified that mr.
Trump asked him to back away from the
investigation of mr. Flinn who
ultimately pleaded guilty to a felony
but I want to correct I think a couple
of probably inadvertent Mis statements
that were
meant earlier one you do not need to
proof of an actual crime to be guilty of
obstruction of justice in fact you can
be guilty of the crime even if it's a
congressional rather than a executive
branch investigation obstruction of
justice is attempting to prevent a full
investigation of a potential crime not
one that's already been perpetrated
secondly whether or not mr. Trump could
fire mr. Comey I mean a mr. Mulder
directly is problematic when President
Nixon did that too Archibald Cox the
court held it was illegal because you've
got to change the regulations first
moreover the firing of mr. Cox was used
as evidence of corruption of justice in
the articles of impeachment voted by the
House Judiciary Committee and ultimately
voted by the House of Representatives
before President Nixon resigned so even
if there is technical power in the
President to fire mr. Mulder it could be
used as evidence of an impeachable
offense a corrupt motive to obstruct
justice is what we have here and lastly
I'd make this observation the effort to
try to demonstrate if you will in
stigmatize mr. McCabe when he was
already scheduled to resign and be out
of the equation so he'd have no more
involvement in the investigation within
24 hours in my judgment is again is some
circumstantial evidence that mr. Trump
is trying to intimidate witnesses to
tell them at any time you oppose me I
will use the bully pulpit to try to
defame you and destroy your reputation
and that also fits into this larger
pattern if you will because he's done
the same thing to mr. Comey of
attempting to prevent persons from being
fully forthright and lastly with regard
to the idea that the whole prosecution
force has been tainted by a democratic
bias remind the audience that is exactly
what President Richard Nixon said about
Archibald Cox he had all his Harvard
people who were loyal to Ted Kennedy
senator Ted Kennedy and they were biased
against him and we know what the facts
were were the guard to mr. Nixon so
we've heard that defense before and it
didn't pan out okay so what do you make
of that I mean we've got Trump's lawyer
saying that McCabe's firing should
prompt mullahs firing I mean that is
quite a leap isn't it and
bruce says if you find mullah that's
potentially an impeachable offense well
the news stories are coming out today
that he's had to walk that back the
president is not going to fire miller
but more importantly the DL J policy
says that the the deal G can't can't
prove it
DOJ can't put the president into a
criminal tribunal while he's sitting in
sitting in office so Democrats rhetoric
to take us back generations to go to the
Watergate piece and start to do strap
you lations and tied to this is
ridiculous the president is not going to
be impeached this is not going to rise
to that level it is not going to be
pushing into directions of criminality
or any types of misdemeanors put
Pietschmann is a political process and
right now that's what we're in the
middle of the American people do not
want this they are saying by three to
four margin that this move on let's get
this wrapped up and closed and get back
to the Americans you have said that
seventy five percent of Americans want
the Miller probe to end Laura do you
agree with that is that the general
feeling I max the American debt that's
absolutely not true that was a poll that
was an online poll at The Drudge Report
which is a well-known conservative
website and what is important about that
is that is a self-selected sample of
individuals filling out that poll that
is not a poll of the American people in
any sort of scientific sense in fact Pew
Research which is a credible polling
organization did find that 61 percent of
Americans believe that Muller will
conduct an a fair investigation and that
that whatever his findings are will be
in accordance with the law so it is
important to realize that the American
people does they do actually back robert
muller and his investigation they do
believe that he is engaged in a fair
investigation and they are in fact quite
worried about what Russia will do that
same Pew poll showed that more than 40%
of the American people were skeptical
that President Trump would do enough in
the future to prevent Russian attacks on
American elections so I think there is a
great deal of sort of rumor mongering
and misinformation that is being spread
by Republican partisans because they
want their president to be innocent it's
not to say that their president is
guilty but it is the reality that this
investigation should move forward okay
but basically they view the
investigation well their investigation
has been hanging over Trump for a long
time now isn't it I mean it must make it
awfully difficult to govern the country
well it surely does because it permits
inferences to be drawn that everything
you're doing has a an ulterior motive to
try to avoid prosecution or further
investigation but we know what the model
is if you're the president and want to
get an investigation concluded quickly
so they were set by President Gerald
Ford and Richard I mean an Ronald Reagan
President Ford was under cloud for
allegedly having sold a pardon for Nixon
in exchange for his resignation what he
did he went right up to the House
Judiciary Committee he answered all
their questions said no there wasn't any
quid pro quo and the whole issue went
away immediately ended the investigation
then we have President Reagan in
iran-contra and I served as counsel on
the Joint Congressional Committee on
covert arms sales with Iran and
President Reagan said no executive
privilege sent everybody up to testify
without any obstruction National
Security Adviser Secretary of Defense
the Secretary of State he himself mr.
Reagan had testified in some criminal
cases it was a total open book and the
the it was about a years process is what
it was and those are the standards when
you have nothing to hide then you can
look at the standards set by Richard
Nixon and the stonewalling which was the
standard he used in trying to obstruct
the investigation of Archibald Cox and
there all these excuses made no don't
testify don't answer questions so if mr.
Trump wants this investigation closed
quickly he needs to order all of his
half dozen people who said they didn't
want to answer questions too
answer the questions he needs to go to
this vessel council or to the Congress
and testify under oath openly and say I
have nothing to hide and this case will
come to a conclusion very rapidly and he
has good precedents Gerald Ford Ronald
Reagan Oliver do you think Trump will
testify absolutely not
this is a Russian concussion witch-hunt
this is basically nonsense the American
people want this probed you can do to be
done but they also agree that Muller is
doing the investigation I think the your
other guests who said that six out of
ten people want Moeller to be able to do
the probe accurately that's true but 75%
of them they're saying now wrap it up
because right now they want to get to
degenerate taxes immigration and
infrastructure they want to get to the
trumpet gender we hired a president to
do a job and basically if you haven't
found anything in the year after
millions of dollars spent it's time to
wrap it up okay but right now get out
one way to wrap it up is to hear
directly from the President himself and
for him to testify under oath for what
because the key issue is is that he is
basically doing his job
right now this is a probe that basically
says that hey we're sad that the
election turned out the way it was and
that's why it is elections are winners
and losers and we need to move on this
is a Russian concussion thing I am tired
of this investigation and I'm one
American lamenting and I think it is not
a Republican partisan thing I think The
Drudge Report poll is not nonsense it is
actually tapping into what people were
feeling right now I have hundreds of
thousands of followers on my office with
Twitter and I'm engaging what in
listening to what the American people
are saying and they're saying they're
tired of this Russian culture thing get
it over with
okay do we can't basically let let me
make this one point the Democrats can
not go into 2018 as the party of no they
have to go into the party of yes where
the Republicans are then the party of
yes right now is saying that we want low
taxes we want the infrastructure and we
want immigration reform if you go into
2018 talking about a probe that
basically is going to know where you're
gonna be the party of no and guess what
you're gonna have a lot of problems in
the 2018 midterms because it's 2018
midterms it's about
well that does remain to be seen doesn't
it Laura I mean what evidence have we
got at this stage that there is or was
collusion between Russia and the Trump
campaign where is the investigation
headed when are we going to see The
Smoking Gun well look I think it's
ridiculous to expect to see a smoking
gun when an investigation is part way
through we do have plenty of
circumstantial evidence that there have
been wrongdoings and misdeeds and
cover-up kind of activities I mean
whether you talk about you know Mike
Flynn the NSA former NSA adviser having
to resign because he had lied about his
contacts with the Russians whether you
talk about Attorney General Jeff
Sessions Mis statements to the committee
about his contacts with Russians and
whether you talk about Paul Manafort and
Rick gates and George papadopolis says
their activities with respect to
engaging Russians and being a part of
the campaign all of those seem to
suggest that while there may not have
been a conspiracy there was certainly
contact and potentially some coordinated
activities that deserve further
investigation and inquiry so I think it
is not unprecedented in the sense that
we have had you know Ken Starr who was
an independent counsel who investigated
President Bill Clinton for most of his
presidency that began with whitewater
ended up with Paula Jones's lawsuit and
then Monica Lewinsky so I don't think we
can say that Trump is being unfairly
targeted we have seen these things just
in the last 30 years okay Bruce is there
not the concern there that the longer
the investigation goes on the more doubt
will be poured on it undermining
potentially is credibility and we've
already seen the Republican House
Intelligence Committee finding no
evidence of collusion last week and
people pay attention to that especially
Trump supporters all I'd say is IIIi
don't think that's clearly accurate
unless he's just running in place and
not getting any new indictments but I
think
if you want to get the closest to a
smoking gun it's the acknowledged June
2016 meeting set up by Donald Trump jr.
with Jared Kushner and Paul Manafort
to meet with the Russians to discuss in
their own words a handing over dirt
against Hillary Clinton
and then afterwards concocting this
statement that no was all about
adoptions that the real centerpiece of
mr. Trump's campaign was worrying about
adopted Russian babies which obviously
is ridiculous
also what we've just heard in trying to
defend mr. Trump is like mr. Clinton
saying he didn't want to testify on the
Paula Jones case the United States
Supreme Court unanimously told Mr
Clinton you need to testify he was he
deposed under oath and we all saw his
testimony also before the grand jury and
mr. Trump and mr. Clinton said oh I
can't do my job if I have to testify
well the Supreme Court said you can do
your job and it went forth there's not
any reason why mr. Trump cannot follow
that model and moreover with regard to
the absence of evidence there are at
least a half dozen suspects or witnesses
who have said we just don't want to
answer questions including Jared Kushner
including a mr. bannon and other key
witnesses just say well we don't want to
answer the question even though we don't
have any privilege well obviously you're
going to have a slow investigation when
your witnesses aren't talking all about
how do you explain away that meeting
it's a very suspicious meeting that was
between high ups in the campaign aides
to trump and this Russian lawyer it's
nonsense
the key thing is is that I have a video
that shows Barack Obama talking to
Russian official and saying when the
elections over I'll be much more easier
and doing my policies is that collusion
well no II leaders have a right to be
able to talk with other leaders and more
importantly at this particular case when
you're dealing with a dirty campaign
that we were going through in 2016
each thought is trying to get dirt on
the other if no one can say that Hillary
did come out with dirt on Donald Trump
when he when he introduced the Billy
Bush when she introduced a Billy Bush
tape and that basically it's equal tie
for the opposition to be able to come
with some things on other parts of the
canned campaign against Hillary Clinton
so this is this is not collusion this is
not necessarily anything that was being
taken place in a meeting that was very
short-lived and everybody just walked
away and nothing was there we're trying
to do searching for a witch-hunt type of
thing and search for all kinds of things
it doesn't make sense I can't even talk
about this story right now right now
because I it's all up in the mist is
then the noise I'm annoyed with it and I
think the American people are too ok
well Laura I mean do you think given
that there is that feeling out there do
you think murder is going to be allowed
to see this investigation through to its
conclusion I do believe that Muller will
be allowed to see this through to its
conclusion I think the president and his
attorneys realized that it would be
foolish for him to make any efforts to
attempt to fire the special counsel I
think that really all of this
positioning and posturing and criticism
over the weekend is really about trying
to set the terms for the president to
testify either to the special counsel in
an interview with Muller or whether it's
behind closed doors or in writing we
just don't know but I think this was the
opening salvo on an attempt to say to
Muller you know look you are serving at
the pleasure of the President to don't
forget that Bruce I mean there's never a
dull day in Washington what sort of week
do you think we can look forward to in
the White House well it's going to be
very erratic you know trying to predict
mr. Trump's tweets is like trying to
predict you know the weather you know in
the when it's changing every you know
five seconds I will say this I want to
correct a misstatement earlier mate the
difference between getting a dirt on an
opponent and this particular case in the
June meeting is that it is a federal
crime for a foreign government
foreigners to interfere and try to
influence the outcome of election that's
not true with regard to citizens of the
United States and so this I'm seven no
doubt that Hillary Clinton was trying to
get dirt on mr. Trump but when you
even solicit the assistance of a foreign
citizen or a foreign entity or a foreign
government that moves from the realm of
being dirty tricks into a felony and
that's what gives the jurisdiction of
mr. Muller to investigate that
particular meeting it's just enough
making things up out of thin air but I
do think that one thing that we need to
come away with and that is whether or
not mr. Muller gets fired or not this
investigation is going to continue it
couldn't continue under the regular
Department of Justice umbrella under a
new special prosecutor but the evidence
is the evidence and firing mr. Muller is
not going to destroy the incriminating
evidence okay it will be fascinating to
see it through to its conclusion
whatever which way it goes many thanks
for all our guests for joining us today
Laura Brown Oliver McGee and Bruce Fein
and thank you too for watching you can
see the program again anytime by
visiting our website this aljazeera.com
and for further discussion do go to our
Facebook page that's facebook.com full
slash AJ inside story you can also join
the conversation on Twitter a handle is
at AJ inside story from me Laura Coyle
and the whole team here bye for now
you
