how the biggest initial public offering
the world has ever seen has been delayed
when Saudi Arabia said it was going to
sell five percent of its state energy
giant Saudi Aramco to public investors
top stock exchanges sat up and took
notice the flotation was tipped to
happen this year but now Saudi Aramco
says it needs to review its options for
the listing or joining us now from
London is Professor Paul Stevens a
fellow at Chatham House in London thanks
very much for being with us so what do
you make of what's happening with this
IPO or is the case maybe what's not
happening because we haven't really
heard any firm announcements from the
company as to as to when this will be
happening I think the problem is that
they've run into serious problems and
the problem was created in April 2016
when Mohammed bin Salman first announced
a privatization because at that point he
put a valuation on Saudi Aramco of two
trillion dollars this was achieved by a
rather simplistic piece of arithmetic
you take the reserves 266 million
billion barrels and then multiply it by
an oil price and the oil price they took
was seven and a half dollars a barrel
which was the price that total had paid
when they bought masks but the problem
with NAT is that to say then they're
going to take fifth five percents gives
a benchmark I a hundred billion dollars
and if the privatisation goes ahead and
they get less than a hundred billion
dollars this will be seen as a failure
and this is bad news from mbss point of
view so my sense is that their threat
desperately tried to sort of regal house
of the privatization process because the
valuation is grossly overstated and
they're unlikely to get the hundred
billion and the last thing that NBS
needs at the moment is some sort of an
obvious failure when you're talking
about MBS you of course talking about
the crown prince hamad bin Salman and
this has been seen this whole Aramco IPO
has been seen as the linchpin
of his overall strategy of reforming the
Saudi economy so could we see this as a
setback for that then not necessarily
for reforming the economy but certainly
to make the IPO
the proverbial jewel in the crown I
think was a mistake because as I say
they've created a benchmark by which you
can judge the success or failure of this
and I think this is the reason for the
delay in the process I suspect that
they're more likely to try and go ahead
with a private sale because the beauty
of a private sale is nobody will know if
it's failed or succeeded because you
won't actually know what the price is
but what message is all of this sending
to foreign investors this this apparent
lack of transparency from from from the
company and from Saudi officials on this
I don't think it's particularly good
news from that point of view and indeed
I think more important was the the
arrest in November of a number of senior
businessman in the kingdom and this
illustrates a fundamental problem in
Saudi Arabia and that is a lack of real
property rights and if you are a foreign
investor I think you're going to be
looking very hard at the kingdom before
putting money in there and indeed the
private sector within Saudi Arabia will
also look hard at investing within the
kingdom and how important is this IPO to
the business of the foreign exchanges
that are competing for its listing
namely the London Stock Exchange and the
New York Stock Exchange well that's
another problem with the privatization
because neither would be a good place to
put the privatization into the United
States because of problems with the
Jaster Act which would allow American
citizens effectively to sue the American
government also on nymex the rules for
listening reserves are very strict and
Saudi Aramco would struggle with with
those rules and in London as the rules
stand at the moment they can't privatize
less than 25 percent now London is
trying to change those rules
but there's a lot of opposition within
the institutions in the City of London
opposing that so both options at the
moment are not looking attractive and
what are the implications of this for
the Saudi economy domestically I don't
think they're that important and it
certainly shouldn't stop the process the
much-needed process of economic reform
that is that is actually underway
they were hoping to get a hundred
billion dollars from the sale but there
are other sources of income for that and
therefore I don't think it's going to
make a huge amount of difference to the
reform program providing it's not seen
as a failure in other words providing
they don't go ahead with the IPO and get
significantly less than 100 billion
dollars good to speak with you Paul
Stephens in London thank you very much
