if Twitter is any indication US
President Donald Trump is growing
increasingly worried about the
investigation into ties between his
campaign and Russia sending off a series
of angry tweets including this one where
he did something he normally doesn't do
he mentions robert muller by name
tweeting why does the Muller team have
13 hardened Democrats some big crooked
Hillary supporters and zero Republicans
another dem recently added does anyone
think this is fair and yet there is no
collusion there are a couple of problems
with this tweet
first of all Muller is a Republican so
is the man in charge of him Rod
Rosenstein who trump appointed and the
FBI director Christopher Rea also a
Republican Trump also tweeted there was
no crime but three people who were part
of his campaign to rather high up have
pled guilty to committing crimes more
than 20 people and companies have been
indicted so far on Saturday Trump's
personal lawyer John Dowd called for a
shutdown of Muller's investigation at
first saying he was speaking for the
president but later backtracking leading
to criticism from Democrats and
Republicans
this would undoubtedly result in a
constitutional crisis and I think
Democrats and Republicans need to speak
out about this right now giving the time
the resources the independents to do is
job and when you are innocent if the
allegations collusion with the Russians
and there is no evidence of that and
you're innocent of that act like it
Trump can't actually fire Moeller but he
could try to fire the people in charge
of him asking their replacements to kill
the probe that would likely lead to huge
protests and pressure on Congress to
name Muller a special prosecutor giving
him vastly more power that couldn't be
stopped no matter what the president
wants patty :
al-jazeera Washington
