Indonesia is overwhelmed in the
aftermath of an earthquake and tsunami
while regions from the u.s. to India and
Asia struggle to rebuild after powerful
storms so why is the response often very
different in poor and rich countries
this is inside story
hello and welcome to the program I'm
Mohammed Jim Jim in the wake of a
disaster certain needs are obvious food
medicine clean water and the restoration
of power but as the last few weeks have
shown getting all those things too
devastated communities is far more
difficult when disaster strikes in poor
or remote areas our topic today is
disaster relief
it's unique challenges and how they vary
from place to place and disaster to
disaster we'll bring in our guests in a
moment but first this report from Wayne
hey who's in Pulu one of the worst hit
areas by this week's earthquake and
tsunami in Indonesia there is an exodus
taking place from Central Sulawesi
thousands are leaving their quake and
tsunami ravaged communities boarding
military planes from palü all with
traumatic memories it was so crazy I
wasn't conscious for a long time because
the ceiling fell on me the airport was
severely damaged in the quake and
inoperable for a time but the military
has taken over allowing the Indonesian
Air Force to come and go aboard one
plane was the president who made his
second visit to the disaster areas this
time his first stop was just outside the
cracks terminal building where a
hospital ward has been set up with a
sick and injured wait to be airlifted
tell us what their priority is
of course step is epic waiting after
death rehabilitation and ray contraction
among the patients Hajji Liliana
who gave birth three days before the
quake she and her family lost their home
and walked for four days to get help now
they have no choice but to leave
everybody was running from their houses
when the quake happened my home is
completely destroyed and we had to sleep
on the street for now the remains of the
airport offers some comfort that one
chapter of their ordeal is drawing to a
close for those who choose to stay help
is gradually arriving at least to the
airport as well as getting people out of
here the military planes have been
bringing aid in but getting it from the
airport to the communities the people
that need it most seems to be a slow
process much sits at the airport
awaiting distribution but for an
increasing number of people the wait for
a place on a flight to safety is over as
they leave they perhaps contemplate and
even longer wait before they'll be able
to return home Indonesia is far from the
only place dealing with great tragedy
this year we've seen powerful storms in
several parts of the world
super typhoon man could hit northern
Philippines last month tearing off roofs
uprooting trees and triggering
landslides that caused flooding also
last month hurricane Florence flooded
homes and streets in the US states of
North and South Carolina over half a
million people lost power in August the
southern Indian state of Kerala was hit
by its worst floods in nearly a century
hundreds of people were killed in at
least a million displaced and last year
Puerto Rico and Dominica suffered their
worst natural disaster in decades when
hurricane maria made landfall causing
extensive damage
all right let's bring in our guests
Ruben Romero an operational support
specialist for the International
Federation of the Red Cross and Red
Crescent Societies he joined us on skype
from Geneva and from Jakarta Paulo
lubrano he's the head of Asia
humanitarian aid for Oxfam and also
joins us on skype allo I want to start
with you can you speak specifically
about how the response is going with
regards to the earthquake and tsunami in
Indonesia yes quite slow the logistic to
reach the most effective place is
difficult to the timing that either
requires to deliver immediate aid it's
it's growing and it's also growing the
number of people in need just as a
couple of hours ago the number of eating
is raised in to well over 1,500 and the
number of people potentially impacted is
over 2 million and in front of that
magnitude of of needs necessarily the
response is still a bit slow Ruben power
there touched on something very
important when he spoke about the
logistical difficulties can you try to
elucidate to our audience I mean how
difficult is that every situation varies
but when it comes to the logistics how
challenging can that be for an aid
organization to overcome I can see well
good afternoon first I can see to us but
many importantly in in a situation like
the one that we are facing now
Indonesian so the West but also it
happening in number which is the
accessibility and how difficult
especially now for instance the West
would have the airport cut our very
limited capacity to arrive to cessful II
receive non-food items to successfully
still receive humanitarian goods and we
also see as a challenge logistic
preparedness prepared that in case of
the Red Cross Red Crescent with a PMI
with an A so society Indonesia is well
in place we have a stock proposition but
we are talking about a very remote area
so basically sitting the goods and
arriving them to
ports that are not in condition due to
the disaster is stéphanie a key
challenge so I agree with with my
colleague logistics is now tremendously
complicated in an area like Indonesia or
like it happens also recently in the
Philippines now let's talk for a minute
about different scenarios when it comes
to you know response to disasters what
are the most basic difference is the
most fundamental differences when a
major disaster strikes a rich populated
area as opposed to a poor remote area
well speed in richer country is much
easier to mobilize resources to all that
stuff logistic arrangement in general
are much faster much more efficient it
doesn't happen in poor countries and
we're talking this particular case of
somewhere in between
not necessarily extremely poor country
middle-income country and that's the
case of several countries in Asia I
think also here the difference it was at
the time of recovery in places like
Indonesia where disaster are recurrent
where people are impacted by the homes
the year over year or a year or in the
Philippines where typhoons are quite
common and the crops have been almost
entirely damaged the time of recovery in
a poor country is much longer in a
richer country it can take less time
there's more resource available and
investment done from the States is much
higher Ruben what are specific things or
specific steps that relief agencies can
take or or plan to take going forward to
better plan for contingencies yes well
in every country there is a national
emergency response system the part of it
naturally as part of the auxiliary role
to the authorities but also
international NGOs UN agencies
contingency plan based on a specific a
scenario is something that gets done on
a regular basis is there is the minimum
preparedness method that we can put in
place to
settin a scenario and identify not only
the capacity that we have but also the
gaps and fix those gaps I'm talking
about complicated messes that can be
about resourcing your preposition stock
to be ready for a disaster but I'm also
talking about very simple messes in here
and talking about like having simulation
exercises at community level so starting
with the with evacuations I didn't
define safe areas early warning systems
in place sometimes highly complicated or
technological sometimes a simple as to
enable communities to communicate to
warn each other when the risk is
happening we have in the Red Cross on
regular basis these contingency plans
but that is something that cannot be
done in isolation that definitely is not
a plan that goes for one specific
organization it has to be integrated
with the rest of the humanitarian
stakeholders and system so that's why
especially with with the authorities but
also with the with the UN NGOs and the
Red Cross with regularly but this and
put in place convene supplies yeah Paulo
you heard Ruben there speaking you know
about dealing with the authorities not
really leads me to my next question
because when you're talking about
getting to these affected areas you you
have to deal with the government you
have to deal with security officials the
military how difficult is that and and
what can government's better do going
forward to try to help aid agencies you
know get relief to those worst-affected
well it's very important that the human
time space is maintained so he access to
local impact recommended for
international humanitarian agency is
protected and he supported government
can facilitate it through a provision of
Jesus through provision of logistic
arrangement if it's in case NGOs are
open and of course support the local
government in that response we don't
have to forget that the local government
is a first responder well before the
international agencies and I think it's
also important that the local government
nurture and supports local
in addition Oxfam over the years has
been working very closely with a number
of local agencies local community-based
organization and those again are the
first responders I think there's a
double role the government has certainly
supporting international agencies but
also hoping in the space of support in
the space for local humankind agencies
Reuben I saw you nodding along to some
of what kala was saying so I want to get
your reaction to what he was saying but
also I want to bring up the point about
you know it's not just about getting the
cooperation there's also a lot of you
know bureaucracy when it comes to this
figuring out who exactly is in charge
who is giving orders who was
implementing things can you talk
specifically about those difficulties
those challenges absolutely if I may
start them I was noting because I fully
agreed with the challenges that I was
mentioning from creating human in space
but also to the work that needs to be
done and I think is is prioritized
not only by the governments but also by
humanitarian stakeholders and
organizations on disaster risk reduction
at community level I definitely agree
the first responder in an emergency
situation is your neighbor is your
relative does the first nurse you're
gonna get so investing at community
level in equipping and preparing and
training communities to be able to first
respond it's something that really saved
lives the Red Cross is present from
national global but also local level so
that's something that takes part of our
of our day-to-day preparedness for
effective response on the communities
and on our Red Cross Red Crescent
branches and when it comes to the
challenges you mentioned challenges
about about authorities about
authorities in about bureaucracy in
particularly well if we want to avoid
challenges some we cannot and I'm
talking about specifically accessibility
aspects we're talking about physical
challenges when it comes to remote areas
gets transportation systems the
structure that gas airports harbours and
operational that there is little we can
do other than actually better
preparedness but I think I think
continue planning is still the key is
planning ahead contingency plan is is
the basics of if an event happened how
are you gonna do to respond today to the
key needs that that might arise and we
do that we do that quite often is true
that in more developed or less developed
scenarios we still going to face
challenges challenges which you
mentioned before about about the
Philippines with a man could we can also
mention even in very well developed
systems will you mention the US and we
face remember as a as a Red Cross in
2005 with Katrina we faced serious
difficulties that I'd say bureaucracy or
any any delays and response need to be
tackled by appropriate preparedness and
continue planning for us is the key
Ruben let me follow up with you on that
cause you brought up the US and and you
know something that I've I witnessed
from people around the world is when
they've seen the response to whether it
be Katrina or or Hurricane Maria last
year I mean they were really shocked to
see the u.s. a country that powerful and
that rich you know fumble that response
in that way I mean how do you make sense
of that how can you explain that a
country like the u.s. you know can can
you know so poorly respond to a crisis
of that magnitude we were mentioning
before and I think that was the first
question about the difference in not
disasters but let's say in major events
that can happen in a more develop or
less of countries here the the critical
aspect is the well the level of of of
preparation which in the case of I mean
in the case of the US for instance
getting in quite the cause contact with
the with colleagues from from the
American Red Cross they were very well
prepared but we are facing more and more
stronger events so basically the the
effects in the devastation goes beyond
what we normally get prepared for let's
remember the tsunami also in 2011 in
Japan when absolutely out of the scope
that we could think of in a in a country
that is very well prepared or for these
sort of events for major air quakes
Paulo let me ask you this if we're
talking about you know growing concern
we're living at a time when more and
more people are raising the alarm about
climate change and about the effects of
climate change and at a time when there
seemed to be more storms and the storms
are more powerful how much concern does
that bring to you and your colleagues I
mean are you worried about what's going
to happen in the years to come
specifically because of the effects of
climate change absolutely and I think
one of the impact
besides the increased magnitude the
impact of natural disasters is also the
longer term impact awesome has been very
vocal and has been plugged in this
program for a long time
the impact on agriculture impact on
water and water resources and it's also
important to understand that while some
of those disaster I've immediately
visible and they grab the media
attention and they grab attention of
dollars there are some others that are
growing slowly and they're equally
concerned if you look at what happens
now between Pakistan Afghanistan
Tajikistan there is a growing crisis the
drought water resources are limited
there will be even more limited in the
future the agriculture on livestock on
food security is very high also missing
gauge in responding also to those
forgotten prices if some extent if you
will and and that's where you see really
the impact of climate change I think
it's not only immediately
visible striking impact of this crisis
were observing in these days but it's
also the longer-term impact that it has
on a lot of people Ruben Paulo just
raised a point it was something I
actually wanted to ask you about he
spoke about grabbing the attention of
donors and you know one thing that I've
come across when I've spoken to aid
workers covering you know different
natural disasters and crises is I
encounter a lot of relief workers who
have been telling me the last few years
that they worry about what they call
empathy fatigue meaning that we're
living in a time where there are so many
crises and disasters that are reported
upon that sometimes people just feel
bombarded by this constant stream of bad
news and perhaps aren't donating as much
is that something that's a concern to
you do you feel that more and more
people in the world are sort of turning
their attention away from the kinds of
relief efforts where you really need
people to contribute to we have a we
have definitely more and more disasters
because also the the possibilities of
communication gets way more smooth and
rapid we get in real-time
it's a stir that some of them is
mentioned by by Pablo our producting
crisis food security related we haven't
going southern on certain slower
disasters in Africa in the Americas we
get failures of times in loud displace
in thousands of people or in Myanmar and
that is overwhelming that is
overwhelming but for humanitarian
organizations this is our this is our
aim to respond to those needs and and
there is no hesitation when it when it
comes to trigger that the burden of
responding immediately that some
organizations with more resources with
more presence in the communities some
organizations bring in from regional
areas and regional resources for global
resources but definitely the fatigue if
you may say of constant and more
recurrent disaster might not and cannot
impede international support to the
government's attitudinal
authorities that are actually in
responsibility of responding to those
events Paulo what do you say to that I
mean is it getting harder for you and
your colleagues to get the attention as
you say of of the donors I mean I know
we need to break it down between
international community meaning the
governments or the UN and between you
know just ordinary citizens but do you
feel that it's getting harder to get
people's attention to get them to donate
money to causes like this it is indeed
especially for if you will smaller scale
crisis my colleague was mentioning the
recent flooding in Myanmar and he loved
the relatively smaller crisis with
significant impact on the population
that are often forgotten or just on the
side by big bigger crisis I think all of
that imposes new ways working in new
ways of using the resources that we have
and I was mentioning before on some
works a lot with local organization
local communities being grounded in the
local realities and having connection
with the different groups and will
establish relationships also with the
government does help might might
generate a new way of working which is
what in in some human and language we
call local humanitarian leadership a
very radical new approach to responding
emergencies through local partners
through local communities and that's
where the lack of attention if you will
in some cases of donors will bring the
humanitarian agencies to do more and
more Ruben we'll be talking a lot of
course about natural disasters or what
about man-made problems I mean how much
are they an issue I'm talking about
things like Fukushima disaster disease
outbreak such as Ebola how much of an
impact does that have these days on the
work that you're doing well definitely
major impact that we're talking about
population movement which was the well
you have it across different regions we
had it and we still have it in Europe
which is a normal crisis that's not a
man-made disaster but let me highlight
it because I think it's also important
we had
in Bangladesh we have it in in South
America we have it in the number of
countries in in Africa you have well
man-made disasters I mentioned I
mentioned recently the dam collapse in
in Lao all floods in Myanmar but also in
Colombia for instance and it's happening
or I remember also in Ukraine in Belarus
where we have industrial spills outside
that as my colleague was saying in mind
not be perceived as a major major issue
but that way for a lot of population it
is a major issue and for organizations
that that attend and address needs of
the people that for us still remains a
priority it's not the size of the or the
damage of the event it's our capacity to
address those needs Paulo you know many
people don't really understand the the
intricacies how difficult it can be to
negotiate with a particular government
to gain access to a particular country
whether there's a disaster or not I mean
I mean we're living in a time when many
countries kick out you in workers you
know so I want to ask you about in this
day and age is it getting more difficult
for groups like yours to go into
countries and help or is it getting less
difficult to get the permissions to go
and try to do the work that you need to
do countries but in general is becoming
more complicated but I mean that
triggers an observation that
international agencies should be
complementary to the local government in
performing emergency emergency response
so there are limits imposed by security
imposed by regulation and and those are
sometimes restricting the space we have
but that means that we just have to be
more complementary and support the
government in what they do rather than
replacing them because human and a the
performed by human agency is not a
replacement of work is the main
responsibility of a country which is
responding and supporting the local
population
the space is becoming more restricted
the bureaucracy is increasing and it
becomes difficult for agency sometimes
to set up quick quick responses scaling
up immediately because there are
bureaucratic limits but that means again
there's a new way of working and it's
understanding that we are part of a
response not necessarily the only
responder that applies toxin it applies
to all agencies
all right gentlemen we are out of time
so we are going to have to leave it
there thanks so much thanks for our
guests ruben romero and paolo lubrano
and thank you too for watching you can
see the program again any time by
visiting our website aljazeera.com and
for further discussion go to our
Facebook page
that's facebook.com forward slash AJ
inside story you can also join the
conversation on twitter our handle is at
aj inside story from me mohammed jim jim
and the whole team here bye for now
you
