they reached a friend at sunrise columns
of Free Syrian Army fighters Turkish
special forces had been active on the
ground ahead of them Kurdish YPG
fighters had withdrawn in large numbers
there was limited resistance the rebel
fighters backed and directed by Turkey
with ground forces and airstrikes
prepared to declare a victory here we
entered a frame we've liberated all the
central buildings we will declare a
victory statement on the terror we are
telling the civilians to come back to
our friends it's safe now within hours
celebrations in the city center
the Syrians and the Turks this is a gift
from the Turkish Armed Forces to the
Turkish people and our glorious martyrs
on this day a reference there to the
victory of Turkish forces against the
Western Allied forces a hundred and
three years ago in Gallipoli in the
First World War the Turkish president
was at the commemorations and made this
announcement most of the terrorists have
already fled with their tails between
their legs our Special Forces and
members of the Free Syrian Army are
cleaning the remains in the traps they
left behind in the center of a frame our
flags of trust and stability a waving
instead of rags of terrorists and so on
the 58th day of operation Olive Branch
turkeys first objective is realized some
civilians had chosen to stay instead of
joining tens of thousands of others into
Syrian regime areas to the south it's
reported the Kurdish YPG now intends to
avoid direct confrontation with Turkish
forces instead engaging in guerrilla
types of action the Turkish have proved
with force their intention to push back
the YPG away from its border and it
doesn't end here they'll be moving
further eastwards this is likely to be
one battle of several Andrew Symonds al
Jazeera Gaziantep
