while calling the investigation into his
campaign suspected connections with
Russia a witch-hunt the US president had
indicated he might be willing to submit
to questioning by the special counsel
but as Robert Muller's team appears to
tighten its focus on the President
himself Trump's latest tweet storm made
clear his open hostility towards the
probe why he said does the Muller team
have 13 hardened Democrats some big
crooked Hillary supporters and zero
Republicans another dem recently added
does anyone think this is fair and yet
there is no collusion on Saturday
Trump's personal lawyer John Dowd called
for a shutdown of Muller's investigation
at first saying he was speaking for the
president but later backtracking he
spoke after former FBI Acting Director
Andrew McCabe was fired for what
government investigators said were
unauthorized media contacts and a lack
of candor about alleged disclosure of
classified information became dispute of
the allegations and said his dismissal
was an attempt to undermine his
credibility because he could corroborate
former FBI director Jim Comey's own
firing by Trump whose admitted it was
intended to end the Russia investigation
amid reports that Muller has presented
the White House with questions he wants
to ask the president even under threat
of a court ordered subpoena there's
growing speculation that Trump is ready
to fire Muller that say members of
Congress would be a big mistake this is
a serious investigation and if the
president tries to terminate it
prematurely I think it will be a true
constitutional crisis meanwhile McCabe's
firing just two days before he became
eligible for a full government pension
has prompted at least one Democratic
congressman to offer him a temporary job
allowing McCabe to preserve his benefits
Tom Ackerman al Jazeera Washington
