this might be the most heavily armed
public school in America in the rural
town of Sydney Ohio would-be attackers
are warned at each entrance to every
school scattered throughout this school
are several safes opened with a
fingerprint it put a Glock 19 handgun in
reach of a team of teachers and staff
trained to take out a shooter I don't
necessarily like having guns in school
either mental health backpacks
background checks assault rifles gun
control laws all of those things I don't
necessarily a disagree with but at the
same time all of those things combined
are not going to stop an active shooter
five years before President Trump said
this if you had a teacher with who was
adept at firearms they could very well
end the attack very quickly educators
like this former soldier were
volunteering to train for classroom
combat back when we first started this I
don't I second-guessed whether this was
the correct thing to do and sometimes I
still do but if if we save one one one
student or we save a whole building
worth of students it's it's I think it's
worth it I think it's I don't it's it's
just sad that we have to do that now
after the massacre at Connecticut Sandy
Hook elementary school in 2012 Sheriff
John lenhardt decided that if anyone
starts shooting here there would be a
small army to fire back in America I
cannot wait on the state I cannot wait
on the federal government
I can't wait on psychologists to figure
out why one person hurts another person
you have to protect yourselves if I
could wave a wand and make it all go
away
I would prefer no guns period but that's
not going to happen in the States each
school in Sydney also has an armed
deputy and each classroom is numbered on
the outside so first responders can
pinpoint a gunman the locations of the
weapons and the identities of the first
responders are secret so that if a
gunman came to this school
know who might be armed because it's all
caught on camera
the first responders can see him many
teachers say they're already
overburdened without adding security to
their duties they're there to teach so
what they would rather have than guns is
to have training on how to identify
mental health problems but here in
Sydney some parents have reluctantly
come around it's not the world I think
any of us want to live in but I think
it's the reality of where we're at and
you know we take all kinds of measures
to protect banks and our money and
museums and why wouldn't we do the same
thing for our kids as shaken schools
across the u.s. return to focusing on
the so called three r's reading writing
and arithmetic here in sydney they've
added a fourth responder john Hendren al
Jazeera Sydney Ohio
