Vladimir Putin's dominated Russian
politics for 18 years now he's certain
to be elected president for another six
at a time when relations with the US are
compared to the Cold War and Moscow is
accused of poisoning a spy in Britain
what do Russian voters expect from their
leader this is inside story
hello there and welcome to the program
I'm Laura Kyle 110 million voters are
choosing a president for Russia a
spotlight is on one man Vladimir Putin
he's led the country for almost two
decades either as president or prime
minister many voters credit Putin a 65
year old former KGB spy with standing up
for Russia's interests but others say
there's no alternative and as general
reports a high turnout will boost the
legitimacy of Putin's expected victory
you know there's a presidential election
going on because of the banners in the
street that say presidential election
and schools are full of adults on a
Sunday
voters have presented with a seemingly
vibrant array of choices eight
candidates and veteran politicians
there's a communist and ultra
nationalist and a former reality TV star
who some fancy as a future leader but
not this time
this time the result is not in doubt
this man says he's voting for the father
of the nation I trust Putin and I like
the way he rebuilt our country the array
of choice is not all it seems a series
of televised election debates over the
past fortnight featuring seven of the
eighth candidates - Putin of course
quickly descended into circus like fast
in fact circus is a word the Kremlin has
used to describe the other seven
election candidates so it's more a show
of democracy than the real thing
conspicuously absent from the ballot is
this man Alexei Navalny
an anti-corruption lawyer turned
opposition figure who's led enormous
street protests in the past he's Putin's
most outspoken critic barred from taking
part after a conviction for embezzlement
a charge he says was politically
motivated
Navalny has called on his supporters to
boycott the election as the voting day
wore on though turn out what the Kremlin
really cares about seemed to be hi so -
the number of alleged vote violation
reported on social media big numbers
will add legitimacy to a Putin victory
and it does appear that big numbers have
turned out to vote
Jonah Hall al Jazeera for inside story
in Moscow the people of Crimea are
voting for the first time since Russia
annexed the region in 2014
Rory challon's reports from Sevastopol
okay so I'm going to show you something
now which i think is going to put the
importance of Crimea in this election in
a bit of context this is a little medal
that all the voters who are turning up
here at this voting station in
Sevastopol are being given at the top it
says Sevastopol the name the city then
underneath it has the date of the
referendum in 2014 in which Crimea was
reabsorbed into Russia now that that
referendum was always viewed by the
international community by many
countries is essentially the thinnest of
democratic veneers for what was
essentially an illegal annexation but
here of course it's seeing as a
legitimate view of popular will
essentially and then on the back of the
medal we get with Russia forever now
although the presidential election here
has never been officially linked with
the referendum that's what is in effect
happening so for Vladimir Putin the
annexation of Crimea is one of the
central achievements of his last term in
office he spent the last few days before
campaigning finish in Crimea in
Sevastopol thanking crimeans for their
choice and then this evening after all
the voting is finished on Red Square in
Moscow there's going to be a big event
called Russia semi stop all Crimea so
you can see really how important premier
is in this election campaign it's never
been officially admitted but that
certainly is the case Rory challon's
al-jazeera
for Inside Story and Sevastopol Crimea
okay let's bring in our guests now in
Moscow Pavel Falcon how're economist
within the Void Gazeta in new york an
abortive skaia a fellow at the
Washington Institute for Near East
policy and in London via Skype James
Nixie head of the Russia and Eurasia
program at the Foreign Affairs
think-tank Chatham House great to have
you all with us thanks for being here on
inside stories so Pavel let's just start
with you because the key question here
at least the one that Putin wants to
know is is it looking like a large
enough turnout to legitimize this vote
apparently yes all indications are that
the turnout is rather robust and yes one
person for Timur Putin would be
reelected and is being reelected right
as we speak and there was never any
doubt that he would be reelected and
apparently he'll get a good turnout and
a good man mandate for another six years
he wanted this 70 70 70 percent turnout
and 70 percent of that vote was that a
bit too ambitious or do you think he's
actually going to get that well will you
see the exact figures as they are
announced of course and maybe in Moscow
it will be lesson in big cities and
somewhere in the Caucasus and another
places it could be over a hundred
percent turnout and over a hundred
percent voting for Putin why not say I
can change yeah so no no he'll get you
know he'll get a robust mandate there's
no doubt about that
okay so no doubt about a robust mandate
but Anna there was a huge campaign
wasn't there to get people to the polls
why was Putin concerned that not many
would turn out to vote well you know one
reason is if you look back at the 2016
Duma that is parliamentary election the
vote was at a historic low it was just
under 50%
and so the Kremlin certainly appears to
be greatly concerned and so there was
this push indeed as Pavel said to have a
greater turnout this time but the
concern you know clearly the Kremlin has
been concerned that there would be a low
turnout in the opposition leader Alexei
Navalny who's
who's barred from from standing in this
presidential election he's been urging a
boycott did he get that boycott well
it's it's it's a little bit unclear now
whether or not he did certainly there
will be a number of people who will be
boycotting indeed in Moscow there will
be a much lower turnout what's been
interesting to watch is how in Moscow if
if the people wanted the authorities to
move to remove the snow this year they
would just write the name the Volney on
the snow piles and the authority
authorities would just remove the snow
so that tells you a lot about what's
happening certainly not a real election
and of course Putin is guaranteed a
victory because it's not a real election
okay
James's aza√±a said not a real election
but Russia desperately wants it to have
at least a veneer of democracy why does
it care so much and is anyone buying it
absolutely I couldn't agree with your
last guess both guests actually more
this is a sham it's not an election by
the way we understand it
it's a recore ination or reaffirmation
it will be routed into almost a quarter
of a century of power ask for they have
this veneer of democracy well Russia is
not a an out-and-out totalitarian
autocracy it's not Zimbabwe or or North
Korea there is some freedom within our
own but it is kept carefully under
control but the opposition people you
mentioned people like Navalny or Saxena
so check they are all to various extents
Kremlin projects it's a slightly forced
distinction to think there is systemic
and non-systemic opposition because a
chroming allows it so fir is a game
being played out here with unwritten
rules and Russia does still desire
respect and you can't get total respect
if you are an out-and-out autocracy
that's all claiming there are democracy
Pavel the one point one has to ask the
question how Putin manages to remain so
popular when you look at Russia and the
economy is flagging it's in a greater
state of isolation than it has been for
many many years and yet people genuinely
do still support him well where there's
no real alternative kind of in the
Russian
math psyche if you're for Putin you're
for Russia if you're against Putin
you're against Russia
he's a kind of like a monarch in
medieval Empire he's a personalization
of the Russian state and that puts him
in a very very special position and
other people just go there to kind of
show their loyalty in general general
loyalty to the Russian state I mean
actually even in Soviet times in times
after - at Aryan world they were always
also very very important that there be a
turnout I mean the same in 83 I had
gotten to a problem because they didn't
want to go to vote and the the director
of my academic Institute phoned me at
home and tweeted that I vote or he said
they're going to close down our
Institute or something like that because
I was voting at a special very
privileged voting a station where people
from the buiid borough were also
officially voting so I mean it was
always there and of course it didn't
matter
one vote didn't matter I mean they
always got 99% but even then they were
very much just very important to have a
total turnout and that means that the
people by voting that they actually show
their solidarity with the rulers of
Russia so that's a very important point
okay and and why is there no viable
alternative in today's Russia what
happened to the opposition movement that
some Spartan 22 2012 sure well you know
what happened is Putin doesn't wooden
doesn't allow any real opposition
because Russia is not a real democracy
it's a sham and as we talked about
earlier the appearance of legitimacy is
very important and certainly and that's
why they're pushing for trying so hard
to have such a high turnout because it's
so important to appear legitimate and
indeed in the Soviet times as Pavel said
that was also the case and in fact you
know when we look at what's happening
now and how the authorities are trying
to get the people to vote there are lots
of echoes of the Soviet past in terms of
how they would give incentive
to people there.just adapted to modern
times but it's still the same strategy
and so and to get back to your question
the most prominent leader the heart of
Russia's opposition Boris Nemtsov was
murdered shamelessly in front of the
Kremlin several years ago and so the the
the the whole political system is so
controlled at the same time there's an
appearance of opposition appearance of
technology and excuse me appearance of
democracy but but that's not what's
happening and the Volney could have you
know Navalny could have posed a
challenge to Putin and that's why he's
barred from running do you think we
might see a resurgence of Navalny down
the road it's it's it may be possible
look you know what's interesting is the
Soviet Union in the Soviet times the
Communist Party has I think something
around ninety nine percent approval
ratings officially and then the whole
thing just collapsed in several days and
very few people expected it to happen
the protests of 2011-2012 also I I think
very few expected such massive massive
uprisings you know maybe several
thousand people but not the massive
turnout not the largest protests since
the fall of the Soviet Union so the
thing about Russia is you know sometimes
things really surprise us and these
approval ratings they just don't mean a
whole lot for instance you know the 70
80 of the 80 90 percent approval ratings
of Putin that we see again these are
largely engineered and frankly if he
felt so secure that the majority truly
supported him why would he need constant
reassurances a test we look at the youth
in Russia we've got thousands as I was
sort of alluding to then thousands year
of young people joining those
anti-corruption protests that we saw led
find a vowel knee last year in March
last year but then there wasn't really
any follow-up there's no sort of
groundswell is there for revolution
amongst even the young people in Russia
yeah that's correct it's a mixed picture
the younger generation in Russia their
anti-corruption that's the certain
they're not necessarily aunty Putin or
auntie auntie
foreign policy so in a word a court in a
way so whilst we hope for generational
change I think we should hope the
generational change because it will
inevitably bring something it won't
necessarily bring some kind of nice cozy
comfy Russian liberal democracy it's
more likely to bring softer changes
around the edges so we don't see this is
somewhat exception or we do see it a
hard-line conservative nationalist in
power we do see this going back to the
election results point I mean you know
they're they're kind of happy of 70
percent if you're an out-and-out
autocracy you'd be happy with 99.99% in
Western liberal democracies York I'm
happy were 4045 percent and so we've
always got to see that kind of thing
from Russia it's new it's gonna be a
while before it becomes what you and I
might regard as a normal Westphalian
Western European style state if with you
okay if we look at just the next six
years then bring it back a little bit
Pavel what does an emboldened Putin mean
for Russia well what basically means
continuation of the same of course
there's talks that there'll be reforms
there will be some reforms but how
really radical will they be will they
really make the difference because
everyone understands that Russia right
now is in a very serious situation the
economy is stagnating the household
incomes are decreasing for four years in
a row there is potential for social
unrest and in the Russian ruling elite
this were a very small group of people
less than a thousand families who rule
actually Russia they're also deeply
split into there's the so called and
Putin's government administration is
split there's a so-called party of war
so-called party of peace who see the
future of Russia in very different terms
and Putin is the kind of the arbiter
supreme he unites them if and without
Putin if you take Putin out of the page
and well he's just a mortal man then
suddenly you're going to have a very
destabilized Russian ruling class fight
in fighting openly inside itself as
right now it's in fighting but it's kind
if they all go to Putin and he they
address him and they put different IDs
and he's trying to find a middle ground
saying will decrease defense spending at
the same time will continue defense
spending we're going to kick-start the
economy he's trying to make reforms in
all directions and the result is not
very effective the people still hope
that Putin will pull off the trick as it
was in the from the year 2000 to 2010
that there's going to be robust growth
that he can do it
Putin maybe believes that salon of when
Kudrin can pull off the trick and the
kick-start the economy but if it doesn't
we're going to be in a very strange
situation where on the face of it it's a
very stable regime with full public
support but it's split inside and Russia
economy not growing the problems are
going to pile up hmm yeah Anna Putin's
pledged to raise wages fix health care
education infrastructure and the list
goes on and what happens if he can't
deliver that's it that's exactly right
you know the Russian economy is
deteriorating he's promising all these
things but he's but he's not explaining
how exactly he's going to do it and
where where exactly is the money going
to come from for example recently the
the government announced something
around a thirty five billion dollar
reform package but again where is this
money going to come from the fact of the
matter is the Russian economy is on the
slow deterioration path and Putin
remember when he came to power he
promised to bring stability and growth
and for some time he did preside over
these changes and the people truly felt
it that's what this was a this was a
really big deal you know in fact for the
first time Russia saw an emergence of
what we could call a middle class that
I'd never had before but the question is
exactly what's going to happen
when Russia's living standards are
dropping so low that that your resort
your we're going to be in a similar
situation to what we had towards the end
of the fall of the Soviet Union where
the system was pretty much bankrupt now
I do see some differences between now
and the Soviet Union it's not identical
for a number of reasons but again it may
appear stable but there's lots of
tension underneath and what I see
happening is Putin they're talking about
this increasing wartime mobilization
this wartime rhetoric increased defense
spending and the spending on defense is
quite real because he's mobilizing the
public to put them in this sort of a
wartime state because when you're in
when you're focused on security issues
of economy are are always secondary so
it's sort of like distracting the public
from their problems by talking about
enemies Russia being surrounded by
enemies and now is not the time to think
about the more mundane issues now is the
time to think about sacrifice and again
the question is you know on the one hand
this can go on for a long time but on
the other how long can this really last
and what will it look like when it Oh
claps yeah James what do you think of
that I mean many people do say that
focuses will focus on foreign policy
it's see many aggressive moves on the
global stage in recent times and that
does bring popular support
but at them at the expense of the
economy yeah I broadly grew your last
two speakers whereby Russian economy is
actually stagnating it's not I have to
say in my view at the edge of a cliff
it can tumble on more or less okay we
can continue spending over ten percent
of its GDP per year on defense in a
slightly desperate slightly Soviet
attempt a failing attempt to Zeta to
keep up but yeah the premise of your
question is is based upon the idea that
Putin sort of cares about the prosperity
of his his subjects his Czarist subjects
if you like but now that I think is a is
a false credit premise what Putin cares
about is to coin or to paraphrase Donald
Trump is to make Russia great again
and by this time he has done precisely
that Russia under Boris Yeltsin was
indeed and much diminished bigger of fun
and Putin has again at least by his
standards he has made Russia respected
at least they didn't noticed Russia has
to be consulted shall we say or he
demands that it is needed it is frankly
obeyed as well by the international
community and that's what he wants he
wants a change to the established
post-cold-war order and whether or not
he gets that is a matter of political
will in the West because clearly Russia
is not a symmetrical equal power to the
combined forces of Western Europe and
the United States but he does ensure
Syria is a good example of this where
the West does have to take note of what
Russia is doing and adapt and
accommodate to a certain extent because
not prepared
it seems the latest events in my country
notwithstanding he's to take Russia on
fully as it might do yeah Booton said to
himself people are listening now is that
people are listening now to Russia he's
catapulted Russia onto the world stage
do you agree with James that he's done
that at the expense of the welfare of
his own people
it was pretty damning what James said
that he doesn't care about Russian
people well no no that's not fully true
it's say I fully agree that the Russian
economy and financial system are not on
the verge of collapse at all right they
have a Russia has a very sound economic
basis we produce oil gas metals
fertilizers I mean commodities you can
always they always have a price you can
always sell them that that means the
economy continue to work it's not
growing and that's a problem and Putin's
recognizing that as a problem and he is
right now being in this electioneering
cycle talking about that yes it's going
to grow saying all the times the people
it's going to grow your salaries your
incomes will increase and that is
politically important this is
at North Korea this is not a
totalitarian state if the put if the
people become really restless that this
will be a serious political problem and
Putin knows that and and his ruling
class knows that so it's not that he
doesn't care he cares a lot but he
believes that he should find balance
with the west show the West that Russia
is strong and cannot be undermined
but then find a quid pro quo okay make
sanctions to be decreased and get the
economy to grow again right Anna we've
just got a minute left just want to know
after Putin term ends in six years what
happens then it's a great question I I
don't think I don't have a great answer
for you I don't think anybody knows but
one possibility that I see is I
certainly don't see Putin wanting to
leave power one possibilities that he
could simply amend the Russian
Constitution at the United Russia party
now has a super majority in the
parliament so he could amend the
Constitution to stay for life that's one
that's one possibility certainly he
shows no interest in leaving okay many
thanks to all our guests we will have to
leave it there but thanks very much for
taking time join us here on Inside Story
Pavel Falcon huh and a bunch of sky and
James
Nixie and thank you to you for watching
you can see the program again anytime by
visiting our website that's
aljazeera.com and for further discussion
do go to our Facebook page that's
facebook.com slash AJ inside story you
can also join the conversation on
twitter our handle is at aj inside story
from me laura kyle and the whole team
here it's bye for now
you
