Sydnee felt like part of Southeast Asia
on Sunday it was unusually hot and humid
but Australia is not a member of the
Association of Southeast Asian Nations
so hosting an ASEAN summit was a
diplomatic coup for Australia's Prime
Minister Malcolm Turnbull particularly
in the face of the ever growing power of
China and a more isolationist United
States Turnbull wants Australia and
ASEAN countries to speak with one voice
and says that's what he got the
countries of ASEAN are among our closest
neighbors they're our friends and
increasingly our family as well the
so-called Sydney declaration issued at
the end of the summit commits ASEAN
countries to support rate and resist all
forms of protectionism
it supports action to address climate
change and the full implementation of
the Paris agreement the declaration
stresses grave concerns about the
escalation of tensions on the Korean
Peninsula
and it commits as Ian countries to
further cooperation on counterterrorism
it just essential it is key and it is
imperative that we have legislations
that prevent acts of terrorism rather
than just deal with the aftermath the
declaration also calls for a strength in
the South China Sea before the summit
some analysts said but one test of the
final declaration strength we weather it
mentioned China as a country by name
this declaration doesn't presumably that
was seen as too provocative but it does
emphasize the need for non
militarization and self-restraint in the
South China Sea
outside the summit venue there were
protests against some of the leaders
attending Australia welcomed Myanmar's
unsung who cheat
despite their a-hinder crisis the
announced Prime Minister knew Andrew and
fook was there too despite human rights
abuses in the one-party state but the
biggest protests were against Cambodia's
Prime Minister Hun Sen who has cracked
down on opponents and had promised
before the summit to find and beat up
anyone who burned an effigy of him in
Sydney protesters did anyway the fact
that there were protests here is a great
sign a lot of ASEAN countries when they
hold the
Summit's there are not protests or there
at such a far distance from the summit
site that they can't possibly have an
impact it's forecast to cool down in
Sydney on Monday by then most ASEAN
Leaders will be home at retama al
Jazeera Sydney
