the competence prima facie in the case
of Iran versus United States of America
the 15-member bench of the International
Court of Justice ordered the American
government to make sure that sanctions
against Iran do not impact humanitarian
aid or Civil Aviation the United States
of America in accordance with its
obligations under the 1955 treaty of
amity economic relations and consumer
rights shall remove by means of its
choosing any impediment is arising from
the measures announced it on 8 may 2018
to the free exportation to the territory
of the Islamic Republic of Iran of
medicines and medical devices food
status and agricultural commodities and
spare parties equipment and associated
services including warranty maintenance
repair services
and inspections necessary for the safety
of aviation Iran argued that sanctions
reimpose daftar US President Donald
Trump pulled out of the 2015 nuclear
deal in may violate a little-known
friendship agreement that predates the
1979 Islamic Revolution the court agreed
but didn't call for the complete lifting
of sanctions falling short of the
resounding decision that Iran would have
wanted judges did ask the u.s. not to
interfere with banking transactions
related to food medicine and air safety
but even as the judge read the ruling
its practical application remained a
question mark and any history made here
by the ICJ judges is likely to be
symbolic at best both parties shall
refrain from any action which might
aggravate or extend the dispute before
the court or make it more difficult to
resolve with no policing mechanism to
enforce its decision in practical terms
the court's judgment is more
recommendation than ruling while the
u.s. does not recognize the authority of
ICJ judges it did take Iran to court
back in 1980 when it was still a
voluntary member
in a case centered around the u.s.
embassy hostage crisis the ICJ ruled
that the Iranian government was bound to
secure the immediate release of the
hostages to restore the embassy premises
and to make reparation for the injury
caused to the United States government
but after the court ruled at odhh
Nicaragua war reparations in 1986 the
United States withdrew from the courts
compulsory jurisdiction Iran has been
arguing that the approach by Americans
toward Iran has been illegitimate as
well as unlawful and by taking the case
to the court against the United States I
think what if one wants to say that that
is the Americans who have left the
negotiating table that is the Americans
who are not observing the international
law and that is the Americans who have
been ignoring the resolution by the
United Nations Security Council on
Monday Iran in America will face each
other in court again for public hearings
over two billion dollars in Iranian
assets frozen in 2016 the latest world
court ruling may seem like a hollow
victory to many in Iran struggling under
the punishing strain of American
sanctions but it does help illustrate a
point that leaders in Tehran are keen to
make as often as possible given the
chance they say America under Donald
Trump does not respect international
institutions
Zane Basra via al Jazeera Tehran
