hello I'm Haslam seeker this is counting
the cost on al-jazeera your weekly look
at the world of business and economics
this week our ordinary Russians getting
all they bargained for Aslan Amir Putin
heads for re-election also this week
Saudi Aramco puts its IPO on ice and
keeps the financial world guessing about
the fate of the world's biggest stock
market listing plus open for business
the push to revive Zimbabwe's economy
well he is on track to become Russia's
longest-serving leader since Joseph
Stalin as Larry meer Putin seeks
re-election in the coming days he might
not be too worried about the state of
the economy there's been a rise in
living standards over his 18 years in
office and despite Western sanctions and
volatile oil prices Russia's economy is
still growing on this week's show we're
looking at Putin omics and how ordinary
Russians are likely to fare if Putin
stays in power Russia correspondent Rory
challon's reports from the town of ugly
real Russia as you're often told here
isn't found in the biggest cities for
that you've got to turn up the car radio
and hit the road leave Moscow and st.
Petersburg for smaller places where
Vladimir Putin support run tire
so we've chosen the town of Uglich for
hours from the capital it's where
Ludmila and alexander live a couple in
their 80s kind and hospitable and both
staunch Putin voters he's a very honest
man he would never say anything he
didn't mean and if a person is honest
speaks genuinely and his deeds to good
you can say only positive things about
such a man they see Putin as a strong
leader and were particularly impressed
by the recent state of the nation speech
where he pulled back the veil on secret
weapons development we lived through a
tough history with this country we
started our lives in a terrifying war
there were starvation and losses and we
understood this with our countries the
90s undermined everything so much
uncontrollable times but Putin slowly
went in the right direction and brought
us to the moment when we can see
ourselves as a state able to take on
immense tasks again after talking an
evening routine watching the news unlike
internet savvy youngsters older Russians
still get much of their information from
TV most a bit state-controlled there's a
good reason why the support of people
like Alexander and Ludmila is so
important for Vladimir Putin and that's
because when it comes to actually
showing up on Election Day pensioners
are the most reliable voters in Russia
not everyone here is so enthusiastic
though out on the frozen river Volga ice
fisherman waits patiently for the bites
but when it comes to the elections
Nikolay isn't impressed with the quality
of the catch whom to vote for there's no
choice no candidates I think I'll vote
for Putin I'd like him to catch the
thieves and mend our roads
he's reinforcing the army at least
that's something but there's no one to
choose as soon as any Canada appears to
slightly challenge him he gets ground
immediately
such disenchantment backs up the view
that Putin support may be brittle hi
only because of the lack of alternatives
and worryingly for the Kremlin state
pollster of its iam just noted a 12%
drop in putin's ratings in russia's big
cities but alexander an Ludmila's
allegiance is steadfast in their long
lifetime russia has marched to very
different music and they're happy with a
man currently calling the tune joining
me now from london is timothy ash a
senior emerging markets sovereign
strategist with blue bay asset
management thanks very much for being
with us so is Russia under Putin s
leadership equipped to deal with the
current economic challenges it's a
difficult few years I mean we had
sanctions and lower oil prices from 2014
onwards the Russian authorities kind of
put the barricades up we saw we've had
very tight fiscal and monetary policies
since and it's been about building
barricades and defenses and you know
that's worked in some respects it's
created financial stability exchange
rates been pretty stable inflation has
dropped the problem is they haven't had
a growth I mean growth has been very
weak and very disappointing arguably
fiscal and monetary policy has been too
tight too aggressive because of concerns
about the Jilla geopolitical challenges
facing Russia and Putin's also held back
from you know structural reforms I mean
the Russian economy is in dire need of
deep deep structural forms things like
business environment fighting corruption
lots of demographic problems in Russia
and declining declining population they
haven't really haven't been addressed
it's been a very cautious mykros policy
actually a very cautious macros policy
well the Russian government will point
to their growth in the agriculture
sector saying that they're growing a lot
more crops now domestically in response
to the sanctions how does that for
example factor into the whole economy
well you know it's useful it's helpful
you know obviously the agriculture is
good for rural areas but in the end you
know growth is less than 2% and that's
from a very low base and you know with
oil prices recovering back to over $60 a
barrel so I think that's pretty
disappointing and we're very much back
to the growth trend that was you know
before the problems that Russia had in
Ukraine and these again these
deep-seated structural problems have
really not been addressed and I think
after the elections assuming Putin wins
another presidential term at the weekend
you know the question mark will be
whether or not
Putin is is interested in more ambitious
economic reform agenda so is Russia
still essentially at the mercy of the
global oil market I mean is it doing
enough to address that and to try and
diversify its economy you know in the
end I think that's a fair points I mean
Russia is still in oil metals play you
highlighted agriculture but I think
beyond agriculture not really enough has
been not enough focus at broader
diversification and in the end
investments I mean Russia is still
struggling in terms of attracting
foreign foreign direct investment and
that relates again to these ideas of the
business environment property rights
rule of law the geopolitical
relationship with the West in the end if
you're a big foreign motor manufacturing
company do you feel secure building
physical assets in Russia at the moment
when the relationship with America with
the US and and Europe is so difficult
probably not and what are the
implications of all this for ordinary
Russians I mean Putin is still very
popular with many Russians but has he
has he
prove their economic lot well if you go
back to 99 and the Yeltsin era I mean
the answer would be yes you know living
standards have improved but the last
three four years have been very
difficult I mean stagnation has been the
order of the day everyone's been pulling
their belts in because of this you know
the the the the external challenge as
that would be perceived from a Russian
perspective and frustrations are
building I mean I think if you look at
opinion polls people are pretty
uncomfortable with governments I mean
government is pretty and popular Putin
himself is popular because all these
foreign adventures and the very strident
foreign policy and these returns were
like a nationalist agenda but in terms
of ordinary Russians and their their day
to day lives I think I think they're not
particularly happy I mean stagnation
doesn't go down very well there is job
security but living standards have taken
a fairly significant hit and and a lot
of young liberal Russians are leaving
and I think that's that's particularly
challenging for the long-term future of
the economy Russia needs those kind of
people obviously to to bring up
productivity improvements and raise that
growth potential of the Russian economy
and and Russia faces a real demographic
time time bomb I mean it's it's a
declining population over the longer
term Russia needs to find a lot of young
dynamic people from somewhere you talk
there about that the so-called foreign
adventures and of course Ukraine and
Syria come to mind and and one of
Russia's other big exports is is
military hardware and arms so how does
that play in to all of this then as far
as Russia's economy well I mean
certainly the cranial intervention has
not been particularly helpful I mean
sanctions have had an impact there was
an immediate impact back in 2014
pressure on the exchange rate loss of
reserves policy out to be tightened
coming went into recession accentuated
the problems around lower oil prices
since then as I mentioned it's resulted
in much tighter fiscal a month reporting
than probably was appropriate and we've
got stagnation really as a result of
very low growth as a result
I mean we have seen you know Russia you
know beefing up exports of arms that's
been one of the growth sectors you
mentioned agriculture the challenge
there I guess still is the the
relationship with with the West and the
US in particular the countering America
American adversaries through sanctions
Act could could put a pressure some
pressure on those arms exports for
example Russia's plans to sell s400 air
defense systems to the Turks could fall
within the remit of those of those US
sanctions and we could see similar
actions by the Americans to counter some
of these arms sales overseas by the
Russians good to get your analysis on
this timothy ash in London thank you my
pleasure now Zimbabwe business community
is calling for international sanctions
to be removed to help improve the ailing
economy president Emerson Managua wants
to attract more foreign investors but
many are cautious about doing business
with Zimbabwe hallouwe tossa has more
from Bulawayo
Chaffetz vamoose our Aras milling
company produces 1800 tons of flour a
month he thinks he could double
production if sanctions imposed on
Zimbabwe by the waste nearly two decades
ago are removed they targeted specific
individuals loyal to former President
Robert Mugabe
mozzarella's company is not on the
sanctions list but he feels being
Zimbabwean means many others like him
are considered guilty by association we
could not trade with countries or states
in Europe sending money to Zimbabwe
ultimately they just caught fire in New
York and there was an instruction that
France coming directly suburban banks it
would be frozen or confiscated or a tent
bag that affected us so could not buy
from me from Europe number of companies
are victims to equipment bought from
Europe and the u.s. can't easily be
replaced the state-owned railway company
is one of several that needs urgent
foreign direct investment
right now president MSO men and jaguars
government is leasing locomotives and
wagons from neighboring South Africa he
says it's a temporary solution until
people are ready to do business with
some baba again president Managua says
he'll respect human rights and hold free
and fair elections but the international
community wants proof he means it then
perhaps some or all remaining sanctions
will be removed to lure foreign
investment when agog was government says
it will amend black economic empowerment
laws to limit majority ownership for the
state to only diamonds and platinum so
right now all they have to work with his
promises but not many of those promises
are actually being actively kept they
keep on repeating them and encourage
people to believe that's everything they
say is going to transpire but that's not
enough for the investors and until those
investor season Bob were as low risk
which could take a while remnants of the
once thriving industrial sector tower
over the jobless a still to come on
counting the cost why the fashion
industry is being accused of ripping off
traditional Mexican designs
but first the Odebrecht corruption
scandal has rocked Latin America and
continues to rumble on with Peru's
president facing impeachment for a
second time pedro pablo Kachinsky
survived a first bid to remove him from
office in December but now Congress has
voted in favor of reopening proceedings
against him
79 year old leader is accused of lying
about his ties to the Brazilian
construction giant which is at the
center of a multi-billion dollar bribery
case Kachinsky denies the charges
experts say nearly 80 percent of all
businesses doing business with Odebrecht
are likely to end up bankrupt by the end
of this month and tens of thousands of
workers have lost their jobs now this
week marked the 29th birthday of the
worldwide web and its creator Tim
berners-lee issued a stark warning to
mark the occasion in an open letter to
the Guardian newspaper he was hugely
critical of the tech Titans that
controlled today's internet he's calling
for more regulation to rein in the power
of platforms like Google Facebook and
Twitter
Unilever one of the largest companies in
Britain is closing down its London
offices and moving its corporate
headquarters entirely to the Netherlands
consumer goods giant's decision is a
blow to British business sentiment as
its government negotiates to leave the
European Union the anglo-dutch company
already has its headquarters in
Rotterdam it's a sad week for those of
us who grew up with toys-r-us
the world-famous brand has announced it
will sell or close hundreds of its
stores in the US and at least 30,000
jobs will go the seventy-year-old
retailer helped shape the toy industry
for decades but has faced stiff
competition in recent times from online
businesses gabriel Elizondo has the
story four generations of children in
America and around the world it was a
playground for picking out the latest
toy everything from a new doll bike or
toy race car Toys R Us like the name so
aptly implies was synonymous with
and all toys for kids stores could be
found all over America including in one
of the most important intersections in
the world Times Square in New York City
as the business empire expanded it
opened in more than 35 other countries
as well and includes Babies R Us stores
aimed at clothing and supplies for
infants but with shoppers increasingly
going online at sites such as Amazon
major high street stores are taking a
hit to their profits Toys R Us managers
finally gave up announcing that after 70
years in business they were shutting
their doors for good and closing or
selling off all of the nearly 800 stores
in the US and around the world
I think we're tourist dropped the balls
in a few areas one is their online
business well everybody's growing their
online business Toys R Us was down 12
percent they perform extremely poorly
online trouble had been brewing for the
company for years and its chief
executive complained last year about the
challenges it faced it's so competitive
it's a twenty five billion dollar
industry and every marketer out there
wants to try to get their arms around
those young families certainly the
online business has made it even more
attractive for customers to price shop
and look at various alternatives so it's
a very competitive business but Toys R
Us has many self-inflicted wounds
primarily about five billion worth of
debts which meant there wasn't much
money to upgrade stores the company
filed for bankruptcy last year Toys R Us
employs about 60,000 people around the
world now they're looking for new jobs
Gabriel is on dough for counting the
cost in New York how the biggest initial
public offering the world has ever seen
has been delayed when Saudi Arabia said
it was going to sell five percent of its
state energy giant Saudi Aramco to
public investors top Stock Exchange's
sat up and took notice the flotation was
tipped to happen this year but now Saudi
Aramco says it needs to review its
options for the listing or joining us
now from
is Professor Paul Stephens a fellow at
Chatham House in London thanks very much
for being with us so what do you make of
what's happening with this IPO or as the
case may be what's not happening because
we haven't really heard any firm
announcements from the company as to as
to when this will be happening I think
the problem is that they've run into
serious problems and the problem was
created in April 2016 when Mohammed bin
Salman first announced a privatization
because at that point he put a valuation
on Saudi Aramco of two trillion dollars
this was achieved by a rather simplistic
piece of arithmetic you take the
reserves 266 million billion barrels and
then multiply it by an oil price and the
oil price they took was seven and a half
dollars a barrel which was the price
that total had paid when they bought
masks but the problem with that is that
to say then they're going to take fifth
five percents gives a benchmark I a
hundred billion dollars and if the
privatisation goes ahead and they get
less than a hundred billion dollars this
will be seen as a failure and this is
bad news from mbss point of view so my
sense is that they're tret desperately
trying to sort of regal house of the
privatization process because the
valuation is grossly overstated and
they're unlikely to get the hundred
billion and the last thing that NBS
needs at the moment is some sort of an
obvious failure and when you're talking
about NBS you of course talking about
the crown prince hamad bin Salman and
this has been seen this whole Aramco IPO
has been seen as the linchpin of his
overall strategy of reforming the Saudi
economy so could we see this as a
setback for that then not necessarily
for reforming the economy but certainly
to make the IPO the the proverbial jewel
in the crown I think was a mistake
because as I say they've created a
benchmark by which you can judge the
success or failure of this
and I think this is the reason for the
delay in the process
I suspect that they're more likely to
try and go ahead with a private sale
because the beauty of a private sale is
nobody will know if it's failed or
succeeded because you won't actually
know what the price is but what message
is all of this sending to foreign
investors this this apparent lack of
transparency from from from the company
and from Saudi officials on this I don't
think it's particularly good news from
that point of view and indeed I think
more important was the the arrest in
November of a number of senior
businessman in the kingdom and this
illustrates a fundamental problem in
Saudi Arabia and that is a lack of real
property rights and if you are a foreign
investor I think you're going to be
looking very hard at the kingdom before
putting money in there and indeed the
private sector within Saudi Arabia will
also look hard at investing within the
kingdom and how important is this IPO to
the business of the foreign exchanges
that are competing for its listing
namely the London Stock Exchange and the
New York Stock Exchange well that's
another the problem with the
privatization because neither would be a
good place to put the privatization into
the United States because of problems
with the Jaster Act which would allow
American citizens effectively to sue the
American government also on nymex the
rules for listening reserves are very
strict and Saudi Aramco would struggle
with with those rules and in London as
the rules stand at the moment they can't
privatize less than 25 percent now
London is trying to change those rules
but there's a lot of opposition within
the institutions in the City of London
opposing that so both options at the
moment are not looking attractive and
what are the implications of this for
the Saudi economy domestically I don't
think they're that important and it
certainly shouldn't stop the process the
much-needed process of economic reform
that is that is actually underway they
were hoping to get and
billion dollars from the sale but there
are other sources of income for that and
therefore I don't think it's going to
make a huge amount of difference to the
reform program providing it's not seen
as a failure in other words providing
they don't go ahead with the IPO and get
significantly less than hundred billion
dollars good to speak with you Paul
Stephens in London thank you very much
now Mexico's famous for its highly
patent artwork and the fashion world has
taken notice but what happens if
traditional designs from a centuries-old
culture reappear on the catwalk and in
global merchandise who should profit
from it and who really owns the
intellectual property John Holman has
more from Mexico City it's taken Ezekiel
Vicente a lifetime to get to hear when
the pen seems to guide itself what he
sees in his community of tenango Mexico
flies off the page made flesh by his
wife this intricate dream world has been
built up in the imagination of
generations of tenango craftspeople
together the communities become famous
for these tapestries now they're worried
that their shared heritage is being
exploited by big brands who use their
designs but don't share the profits
well most poor people we can make
anything we're asked to but we should be
paying a fair amount that way we can get
ahead generate employment here and pay
people right a recent study by NGO
impacto concludes that eight clothing
brands have plagiarized indigenous
designs the Spanish clothing firm mango
used a tenango design in this sweater
after complaints they withdrew it and
wrote a letter pledging to help the
community several indigenous communities
in Mexico have their own distinctive
designs which are sold locally in shops
and markets these are often poor people
so when they see their patterns being
used in mass-produced or luxury clothing
without compensation or recognition it
really rankles the problem is judging
when the thin line between inspiration
and plagiarism is crossed defining that
by copyright is tough because the
designs are often the
cultural heritage of entire communities
rather than just one person
congresswoman Paola Felix says companies
shouldn't see it as a legal question but
one of moral duty response they need to
get ethically responsible because at the
end of the day it's stealing the designs
of Mexican craftspeople
we have to have the awareness to say you
can't exploit the designs in other
countries and say they are yours it's a
complicated picture but the very fact
it's been watched more closely than ever
may mean a fair a deal for Mexico's
craftspeople and that is our show for
this week and as always you can get in
touch with us by tweeting me ATS has em
seeker and do use the hashtag a JCTC
when you do or drop us an email counting
the cost at al jazeera dotnet is our
address and there's more for you on line
at aljazeera.com slash CTC that'll take
you straight to our page which has
individual reports links and entire
episodes for you to catch up on that is
it for this edition of counting the cost
I'm handsome secret from the whole team
here thanks for joining us the news on
al Jazeera is next
