cypresses long had an important
geopolitical position in the
Mediterranean but it's been at the
center of an ethnic dispute since 1974
which has divided the island the
Republic of Cyprus is controlled by
Greek Cypriots and is recognized by the
international community in fact it
became a member of the European Union in
2004 the northern part of the island is
ruled by the government of the
self-declared Northern Cyprus it's
recognized by Turkey and guarded by its
Armed Forces the conflict has gone
through many ups and downs but things
escalated recently when the Turkish Navy
blocked access to an Italian drill ship
in February the vessel was part of
efforts to explore recently discovered
gas fields on the southeastern tip of
the island the heads of the EU back the
Greek Cypriot leader nicos Anastasiades
the European Commission's President
jean-claude Juncker said he was strictly
against the behavior of Turkey Turkish
president otto doe an issued a warning
to Cyprus and foreign companies though
not to infringe on what he calls
Turkey's sovereignty where do things go
from here and his diplomacy the only way
forward I'm Sam is a Dan at the
presidential palace in Nicosia this week
president Anastasiades tells me he's
ready to jump out of our television
interview and begin peace talks
if the Turkish Cypriot leader calls him
he also confirms us energy giant eggs
and Mobil is on track to start
exploration in the eastern Mediterranean
Sea and he says he's confident the u.s.
knows how to protect its interests nicos
Anastasiades
President of the Republic of Cyprus
talks to Al Jazeera
president Anastasiadis thank you so much
for talking to Al Jazeera the Cyprus
conflict is one of the longest one of
the most frozen in history when will
reunification talks begin when will you
resume talks I'm always ready to
continue the deliberations from the
stage they have been left during the
grand Montana conference so if you will
allow me what we need
it's a a much better preparation before
going to such a conference every time we
are failing to reach a settlement the
disappointment of the people and the
mistrust are increasing I want to
clarify something so what your foreign
minister recently said that there can be
no talks until the Turkish side as he
sees it stops blocking exploration in
Cypriot waters that is no longer a
precondition which is resuming talks no
it is always it's not a precondition
it's a matter of respecting the
international law you could not expect
from a government to continue the talks
or to accept to start a new round of
negotiations when the other side is put
in a precondition that before starting
you have to accept that the exploitation
the exploration exploitation or whatever
policy we are following as regards the
hydrocarbons we have to decide together
we have to agree that at how committee
will decide as regards licensing as
regards with whom we have to to whom we
have to sell and all these kind of
things okay but if Mustafa akinci the
Turkish Cypriot leader if he calls you
today and says let's have talks would
you accept given us this go interview
and attend a meeting ok I understand
you've actually extended a dinner
invitation to him has he accepted is
there a date for the decision he has
accepted but we are waiting too so
there's no date
for 20 or so many days 25 days I have
conveyed the message that am ready to
meet at any given moment with mr. Kenji
in order at least to have a talk to see
worries we were standing where what we
are planning for the future where we are
going the unacceptable status grow for
both communities is going to continue or
we have to sit with I mean decisiveness
to see how we can proceed further
okay so wider if you old unfortunately
since then I haven't received a clear
answer when so everything is pending in
stock in geez he is he's ready to oh
this is the this is the baffling thing
you say already he says he's ready so
then where is the problem in in the
title because when I'm saying I'm ready
I mean it right the other side is saying
in due course
so you're basically waiting on a date
from them
it is quite clear I conveyed a message
two times through Elizabeth's peck at a
special advisor of the Secretary General
as well as with the undersecretary tell
us since the collapse of the talks in
Switzerland last year you did mention
now that there has to be better
preparation what exactly does that mean
how would the agenda of talks be
different now from your perspective a to
you during the grand Mandana the
Secretary General of the United Nations
put his framework the framework was
including six issues they should
security in guarantees the termination
actually of the obsolete system of
security and guarantees the withdrawal
of troops or a proposal to see how to
face withdrawal in the rapid reduction
and so on you talk about Turkish troops
and all of its just a clarify for our
ears and then you are for other issues
referring to the Intel
mutters we are discussing for example
the property issue the territorial
readjustments detective participation
and read manned by Turkey for equitable
treatment between Greeks and Turks
nationals so this is the way we want the
basket of the issues their
secretary-general raised during the run
Montana when we are saying to be
well-prepared we weren't there with
promises or win expectations the turkey
was to make the surprise to accept that
we have to be after the solution at
least an independent sovereign state
without interventions without any
dependencies by any third country so you
feel you were disappointed or misled
with going into talks with certain
expectations such choices yes like what
what were you promised before you went
into talks that you felt you were let
down I've said that if there is a
progress in the internal aspects of the
problem then Turkey will make positive
movements towards our own not only our
own but for every I mean country
what is looking is to be an independent
state and not a protectorate or not
controlled who has made these promises
that Turkey would make a more positive
associations the understanding that if
we shall make progress then we shall
connect it with the security which means
termination of current is replacement if
you want of the old or the obsolete
system of current ease with another more
a booster system bearing in mind that
Cyprus is an under state of the United
Nations as well as a member state of the
European Union which according to their
charters there are enough provisions to
protect all that people all the people
who I mean either Greek or Turkish
Cypriots when you talk about the old
system of guarantees let's call a spade
a spade oh we're talking about the
removal of Turkish troops ultimately
that's it's not only it's the guarantees
and the withdrawal of troops do you see
that there is any role whatsoever for
his troops to play in Cyprus after a
reunified really what we need anymore
any kind of troops either Greek British
or Turkish troops
this was our problem in the past with
the Crick Shanda this is the problem we
are facing till today due to the
intervention by Turkey and I have
explained to mr. Chavez all ooh but the
distance between Cyprus and Turkey is
just 60 kilometers so who is there to do
anything and we have learned from our
mistakes from the past so nobody will
touch from the moment really what sort
of mistakes when you say with learn from
mistakes in the past what would you say
if we have I mean immediately after the
independence the Greek Cypriots they
will continue to have in their mind the
union will Greece while the Turkish
Cypriots they were having in their mind
the division of the island the Taksim as
they were calling it at a time and they
have been encouraged about communities
by the motherland countries it is a
federal system still the starting point
for negotiations yes this is the basis
of the solution actually are you
disheartened when you hear statements
from some on the other side who talk
about perhaps having to look outside of
federalism perhaps having to look at
some other sort of solution I don't know
what they had in their mind as Plan B
but there is no plan B from your
perspective you know our own there is
only one plan plan a and plan a means a
reunification of the island and most
important to be to build up a viable
lasting solution a functioning state a
motor state a real European state this
is what we are looking without
privileges to the one community on the
other we are accepting and we have
accepted already the political equality
but not the numerical equality it is
quite different
well the other side say that well
ultimately the Greek Cypriot side wants
is for Turkish Cypriots to simply be
some kind of underclass minority rather
than equal partners in a unified state
there are so many convergences who have
already gave the answer to these
consults of the Turkish Cypriots to the
contrary what we are watching is that
they want to control the whole island
and this is their own mistake for
example when they are saying effective
participation they are asking that for
any or any decision of the central
government we should have at least one
positive Turkish Cypriot world if you
will find another system all over the
world in any other country we are the
central government in order to decide
they have to have a positive vote let's
take the example of Belgium of Germany
of whatever if you will find that the
central government of Berlin in order to
decide they have to have a positive vote
from from from some of the other
communities and yes means or invention
it won't work but I have accepted I have
accepted according to the rule we have
already agreed that the non encroachment
rule that the settle government will
never intervene in the internal affairs
of each one of the two constituent
states
neither one constituent state might
intervene in the internal affairs of the
central government or in the affairs of
the other constituent state and what I
have put on the table is that I'm ready
to accept your positive vote in case the
central government will take a decision
which might determine the interest of
the of your own community in such a case
you will have the right but in any case
we have to find an effective deadlock
solving machinery for the functioning of
the state to be blocked by this positive
vote what we're asking actually is to
have the right of veto on every and each
one of the decisions the central
government is called upon to take let's
talk a little bit about hydrocarbon
exploration you've invited
foreign companies to come and explore
for gas and natural resources in the
eastern Mediterranean wouldn't it make
more sense though mr. president to start
that kind of exploration once you've
resolved all the conflict over this
country so that all Cypriots can benefit
yeah we have already reach conversions
other cuts the exploitation of the
natural resources that's not what you
understand you listen to them stuff for
Kinji or even two voices in Ankara they
they say there is no agreement on canal
for God's sake I mean if they will use
excuses in order to intervene in the
sovereign rights of the cyber Republic
it's another thing but we have made it
clear and I have made a lot but then
they say these all these countries there
are a number of countries which have
claims to this common area of water and
they say that this needs to be resolved
first you do say well if you listen to
the statements coming from Turkey if you
are from Turkey yes because turkeys
serving their own interests not the
interest of that of the Turkish Cypriots
unfortunately what Turk is looking for
is to become and it's their absolute
right to do so or to looking for such a
to become the energy hub of Europe and
it's this is what they are trying to
that doesn't mean let's say what we have
agreed with our compatriots and I have
made a written statement in spite the
convergences because there is a
convergence of ready and by which this
conversion was are providing that
decisions with regard to the maritime
areas territorial sea continuous zone
continental shelf and exclusive economic
zone as defined by the United Nations
Convention on the law of the sea of 1982
will constitute a federal Kobe dance in
reunited Cyprus remains valid I mean
this was remain valid and it has been
confirmed
but so the addition the northern Cypriot
for investment could that other say only
a few days ago he characterized your
activities as unilateral drilling he
says authorities in the north might
start their own exploration and drilling
in waters which they control if you
don't stop as they say unilateral
acceleration this is a threat so what
this makes is rest and resolve the issue
and then explore how do you how do you
respond to a new escape way for four
years now we are negotiating to find a
solution and the hydrocarbon issue has
never been on the table because it has
been agreed and therefore we took steps
to prove that we mean business and I
have made a clear statement not only
because there is a convergence but the
heaven natural resources are belonging
to it state and to all legitimate people
of Cyprus either these are Greek or
Turkish Cypriots bear in mind
exploration is one thing exploitations
and other thing from exploring our what
we are doing we are exploring the power
within our own exclusive economic zone
if there is such a wealth in order true
till the moment we will be able to
exploit it this wealth it might take
five seven or ten years if there is a
goodwill within this time we can easily
find a solution to the Cyprus question
but in any case even without a solution
we know how to protect not only the
creek but the Turkish Cypriots as well
but that you put as a precondition that
we have first and why they raise it now
after 44 years or after so many other
explorations why they are raising it
from their perspective they say you know
they don't want basically what amounts
to an IOU or a promissory note while
revenues should be so they you know they
would like all citizens of Cyprus to
benefit from any wealth that has a
principle you agree on there that we
mean business
we are not the ones which occupying the
properties of the other community of
course they don't see it that way though
I'm sure it's the northern part I think
that they it was always belonging to
them don't forget that after the
invasion they are occupying the
properties of the Greek Cypriots and
this is the behavior we have to count we
have done anything against the Turkish
Cypriots we don't want to get advantage
of what they are entitled to but that's
precisely the point mr. president they
see that the unilateral exploration is
autonomous which they are really trying
to make government of the Republic of
Cyprus which is internationally
recognized they are always welcome to
participate in the government on the
issue of Exxon Mobil's exploration have
they begun their activities the
explorations yeah real drillings well
let's call it any work in the eastern
Mediterranean during the next days I
understand it is not going to be at
readings are going to be an
investigation about the environment
suitability felt suitability and so on
as any of that started at this project
not yet but within this days within a
few days are you confident that they
will be able to carry out their work
that you have given them a concession to
do I do hope so that Turkey will refrain
from any or any hostile act
why are you confident they will be able
to no I'm not confident I'm saying what
I want to happen if we want to build up
a common future with our Turkish
Cypriots first Santa Barbara plottin has
never been recognized by Turkey that is
belonging to the Republic of Cyprus they
are saying that it was belonging to
Egypt and with an agreement with Egypt
plottin is belonging according to the
international law to the Cyprus or
public referring to your 2013 agreement
with Egypt
for yes right have you asked any US
authorities to help ensure that Exxon
will be able to carry out its activities
it's a there are always deliberations
will the governments with the company
the company has its own program they
have to make their obligations the u.s.
is a superpower has a very big Navy
parts of that nominees in many I mean
military interventions by anybody but
it's up to the United States to protect
their own interests well have you asked
them at all I mean it would cross my
mind if I was in your position you have
a company from a superpower you have a
superpower Navy ensure that we have done
whatever it is necessary to be done in
order to succeed to the energy program
of the Republic I don't want to put you
in a hot position sir but with all due
respect that sounds like a diplomatic
way of giving the indication that that's
a yes always let me put it this way have
you received any assurances from US
authorities that they will make sure xyn
can do the job
no we haven't asked such current ease
and we haven't received such guarantees
it's the company who is doing whatever
they thought prop appropriate in order
to succeed in the progress and their
obligations according to the license
they've got even if you haven't asked
the US side you have expectations from
the US Navy that they will take measures
my expectations is that Chesky our
compatriots they would realize that the
most important and the most urgent is to
find a lasting viable solution by which
we shall have a functioning state I'm
repeating it a lot of times this is the
best way to find a solution
as regards the hydrocarbons which is
included of course in the solution
because by solving the problem all these
are belonging or are competences
belonging to the central government I do
hope that we shall Turkey will be
benefited out of such a solution we have
no reason why not to sell to
we have no reason why not to be friends
with turkey we want a friendly neighbor
country and not a hostile we are
supporting the Turkey's accession to
Europe we on that point will you will
you disrupt the veto the upcoming
meeting between there is no EU officials
and Turkey on the 26th area Oh what has
happened until now is that it will
during the European Council they will
evaluate the stunts of Turkey and then
we shall decide I mean the European
Council will decide if there are no
violations or if they are refraining
from illegal acts and I mean illegal act
violating the international law
specifically about Turkish naval
activities in the eastern Mediterranean
so there is a kind of a link that is
kind of like a threat hanging out it is
quite clear by a statement made by the
president of the European Cups right how
disruptive have the activities of the
Turkish Navy been to your efforts to
explore resources in the eastern
Mediterranean has it impacted your
efforts has it shutted now they it
hasn't changed our energy program but
Eni last month the Italian firm yes
we're not able to carry out the work due
to the intervention by the Turkish Navy
it does not represent a problem I mean a
minute ago you told me you're not you
can't say you're confident that Exxon is
going to be able to carry out its no I
said so just I was the meaning the
actions by Turkey right but I do believe
that it is not to say but if you how do
you say to investors come and explore
for resources if you're not 100%
confident that they will be able to
explore here for the sort of resources
you we were believing that Turkey will
never they will refrain from acting as
they are acting I don't think that it is
to the best interest either or the
secrets are of the over turkey as such
but we have the sovereign sovereign
rights and we are going to exercise them
and I do believe that action will
carried out the program and as it has
been planned right now I as from what
I've been able to gather sir
Turkey has a frigate the Barbaro's it's
got three covet vessels or ships in
regional waters the US has the Iwo Jima
Russia has a nuclear-powered submarine
in the area the Israelis are conducting
war games the Americans are watching the
Russians the Russians are watching
everybody else isn't these in
Mediterranean becoming far too tense and
risky for commercial activity that's why
we don't want to provoke that's why we
are trying to be quite cool and to see
how through the diplomatic challenge we
can reach channels we can find a
peaceful solution and to of course
continuing to implement our energy
program we don't want to to harm anybody
or to affect the interest especially of
our compatriots and I'm quite clear on
that it does not belong to the Greek
Cypriots
it belongs to the people of Cyprus and
the people of Cyprus is consisting of
the legitimate communities legitimate
residents either these are Greek or
Turkish Cypriots nicos Anastasiades
president of the Republic of Cyprus
thank you so much for talking to Al
Jazeera sir thank you very much
you
