in Afghanistan there is a level below
rock-bottom it's where these lifeless
expressionist drug addicts exist men who
lost dignity a long time ago they've
been rounded up and herded into one of
the country's biggest drug
rehabilitation units in Kabul these are
the other victims of this never-ending
war collateral damage if you like people
who have lost loved ones lost jobs lost
hope and their numbers are growing in
Afghanistan every day the 45 day program
at this former military warehouse
complex is basic and caters for 900
patients the treatment consists mainly
of keeping the addicts away from drugs
but it can't keep them away from the
desire most relapse when they leave we
need international help we are
struggling drug addiction is everywhere
in the world but unfortunately it's
affecting us more we have double impact
one is the war and the other is that
people are jobless now Roos turn to
drugs eight years ago when he lost his
job he abandoned all hope and his wife
and six children with no job or income
you have no choice but to steal and Rob
to get drugs addicts who have money
eventually spend it all on drugs and
when the money is gone they join us poor
under the bridge we are no use to family
society or country the bridge is poly
soccer in Kabul where the addicts live
in a desolate world the Afghan
government estimates that 3 million
people
10 percent of the population is addicted
to heroin 40 percent of those are women
opium cultivation is a major source of
funding for the Taliban and a major
target for the US and our campaign to
destroy crops and production has been
intensified the international
community's 16 year battle against drugs
in Afghanistan has cost billions of
dollars but poppy growing is flourishing
like never before last year there was a
63 percent growth in land used for
cultivation and an 87 percent increase
in opium production the most in Afghan
history farmers have turned to poppies
because there's more money in them than
conventional crops but the threats from
the air
was there we are worried that foreigners
are the Afghan government are going to
destroy our fields the farmers are the
ones who face the entire hardship of
cultivation but the smugglers and others
are the ones who benefit the most that
is beyond the concern of the addicts
under the police octa bridge their only
concern is how to get the next fix
they are indirect victims of this war
but their image will haunt Afghanistan
for many years to come
Tony Berkeley al Jazeera Kabul
