Andrew McCabe was an FBI agent for 22
years
rising to deputy director and then
acting director after his boss James
Comey was fired by the Trump White House
in 2017 but just before he planned to
retire on March 18 McCabe too was
dismissed in a statement released late
on Friday night
the Attorney General jeff Sessions said
that according to an internal agency
investigation quote mr. McCabe had made
an unauthorized disclosure to the news
media and lacked candor including under
oath on multiple occasions I have
terminated the employment of Andrew
McCabe effective immediately right after
this
McCabe told the news media his firing
was payback for doing his job
investigating ties between Russia and
Donald Trump's 2016 presidential
campaign as well as overseeing the probe
into Hillary Clinton's use of a private
email server while she was Secretary of
State now President Trump has accused
McCabe of partisan bias
McCabe's wife a Democrat received
campaign donations from one of Hillary
Clinton's allies then McCabe added this
quote the attack on my credibility is
one part of a larger effort not to just
slander me personally but to taint the
FBI law enforcement and intelligence
professionals generally it is part of
this administration's ongoing war on the
FBI and the efforts of the special
counsel analysts say robert muller who
is the special counsel will want to talk
to mckay but now Abe now will be
testifying in front of Muller and he
knows a lot about what happened during
the campaign and during the
investigation mr. McCain can talk about
the fact that when President Trump fired
director Comey that was an attempt to
prevent call me from actually going
ahead with the investigation and that
could be considered obstruction of
justice being fired means Andrew McCabe
might lose his retirement in health care
benefits but mccabe might also have much
more to gain by telling robert muller
everything he knows about any russian
links to the Trump presidential campaign
and that could mean the Trump
administration might now have a much
bigger problem on its hands Rosalynn
Jordan al-jazeera Washington
