unexplained to illness of the former
Russian double agent Sergei script all
the mainstream media was quick to
speculate hello I'm Barbara Sarah and
you're at the listening post here are
some of the stories that were tracking
this week the poisoning of a Russian spy
in Britain sets off a chain reaction
political rhetoric media hyperbole and
spiralling tensions armed with BOTS and
fake social media accounts an online
group in Indonesia has been inciting
violence censorship Silicon Valley style
the activists and journalists being
silenced by the tech giants and the
National Geographic turns the spotlight
on race and racism some of it in its own
coverage for the past two weeks the
story of the poisoning of sergey
skripnikov and a bull agent and his
daughter in the UK has led news
bulletins in Britain and around the
world
much of the coverage of the story has
been low on facts and high on conjecture
and speculation British headline writers
have had a field day
Moscow meanwhile has denied any
involvement and has claimed the British
press is churning out what they're
calling hysterical propaganda to whip up
anti-russian sentiment the Kremlin has
used its own media outlets both domestic
and global to rebuke Western coverage
and to come up with their own
speculative renditions of the story much
of that counter narrative has been
broadcast in the UK on the Kremlin
funded english-language channel RT but
for how long
Westminster is on the offensive and is
put the Russian news network on notice
threatening to revoke its licence in
Britain the listening-posts Marcela
Pizarro now on the diplomatic standoff
being played out across the airwaves
despite the growing tensions between the
UK and Russia when it comes to hard
facts about the poisoning of sergey
skripnikov seoul's brief we are none the
wiser
for all the talk of toxic chemical nova
choc the motives and intentions of the
Kremlin and the history of poisoned
Russian spies in the UK there's still no
compelling evidence no proof presented
to close the loop on this story when the
news broke British media had just enough
detail to package a compelling tale
replete with geopolitical mystery and
intrigue I think he lost the mini
coverage in in this country in response
to the poisoning of mr. scribble has
tended to be like a James Bond scripts
or film but in a twist worthy of a Cold
War spy movie this was the moment he was
handed over by the Russians to mi6 and I
think to a certain extent that reflects
that the lack of information that is
available or has been made available
there's a lot of guesswork there's
always obviously a lot of anticipation
or for what what will come next and
there is a normal amount of speculation
and frankly there's been some really
good analysis as well the rush to
judgment on the part of the UK
establishment press has been
overwhelming and this is obviously had
the effect of making it impossible for
the investigation to proceed in a way
that meets all the standards that you
would require main an investigation of
this magnitude at this time of speaking
there is stone or concrete evidence that
Russia was responsible for this it may
well have been responsible I don't say
they were not responsible but we need
evidence because it's such a serious
issue you have both an old screen
and an or geopolitical climate in which
to report this story in 2006 a Russian
spy Alexander Litvinenko was poisoned in
London with a dose of radioactive
polonium he died and Russian UK
relations took a hit 12 years on Russia
has become the designated suspects when
it comes to political interference and
media meddling stretching from the US
through to Germany and Italy tensions
are high and for tabloids in Britain the
go-to cold war narrative has been hard
to resist reporting may be more
restrained in the broadsheets and the
broadcasters but the tone of that
coverage has had an air of establishment
groupthink the British media for the
most part does buy into this of its own
volition and I think it is suspicious of
some of the motives of Russia
internationally and indeed ethically I
don't think there is a sense among most
media commentators that they are failing
sufficiently to examine what they're
being told by by law-enforcement
agencies and so on it's so far we know
nothing about what happened to them if
they were poisoned or if they were by
whom well there's been very few
dissenting voices to the mainstream
narrative on this particular story it's
all been establishment voices who have
all piled in with their attacks on
Russia that Putin is a dictator in 2006
Russia adopted a law that allows the
president and the president alone to
order the killing of its enemies abroad
by the way Crown Prince Ben Salman of
Saudi Arabia's given the red carpet
recently one of our closest allies
he's young popular and promising more
change than its country's ever seen the
whole coverage has been very subjective
in this regard to be honest I think it
would be refreshing to hear here in the
UK at least some sort of alternative
version of events there it seems like
the story here has been so a one track
I've only been looking at the media
landscape here and it has been very
monotone I would say homogeneous
tune into Russian media and the same
thing could be said for their coverage
from the outset the Kremlin has issued
unequivocal denials of its involvement
on the Russian airwaves those denials
have provided a segue into stories
hinting at all sorts of theories
including that British intelligence was
behind the attack they got a brief
answer but that's why you were there
leading the effort I think they kind of
overarching tone of it from the big
stars of the Russian media such as kiss
aloft
it's typical there is nothing surprising
about it this is exactly what if they do
every time Russia is under scrutiny it's
this kind of mockery and skepticism is
push necks creep was remiss we should
evaporation Malwa in tourism no Kaka
travel on a palace on the ocean more
crazy first of all of the West and the
way that the West is dealing with the
problem and this skepticism about about
the West
well Russian media is playing through
its own people and the anti-western
sentiment which is growing in Russia
there has been extremes on both sides
and this is what I mean when we come out
with these speculative attacks on Russia
Vladimir Putin ordered the assassination
of this traitor embarrass or then the
Russians are gonna react Oh yuck lucario
la coruna para la Mesita Reza
muy Zara I'm Camille diplomacy in this
flurry this miasma of claim and
counterclaim people are wept up to
accept this kind of enmity is a new
normal
away from the newsrooms and TV studios
the Russian embassy in the UK has
provided its own commentary complete
with media critique via its Twitter feed
the UK government hasn't engaged with
those provocations its focused instead
on RT
the Kremlin backs channel that
broadcasts around the world and has
offices in London Ofcom Britain's
broadcast regulator issued a statement
on the 12th of March announcing that RT
was on its radar to be threatened with
having our broadcasting license revoked
as a result of this diplomatic standoff
as a result of this political Rao I
think is incredibly shocking I find it
incredibly ominous the likely response
if that were to happen would be
reciprocal measures as they are called
from Moscow I just think it's leading us
down a path that can't be any good both
for freedom the freedom of the press in
Russia as well I want the BBC to work
there and I want RT to be able to work
here on the 14th of March
Prime Minister Theresa May ordered 23
Russian officials out of the UK for a
government facing a daily onslaught from
the British media over its prevarication
over brexit this is a story that
projects leadership and clarity the
Prime Minister has announced a series of
measures to retaliate against Russia for
the perfu news cycles at least in Russia
with a presidential election on the way
the saga has provided useful material to
pit the country against the West in the
din of it all possibly because of it
rhetoric has intensified tensions have
escalated we've missed the call for
diplomacy within the mainstream media
leading journalists and columnist be
missed with the same thing voices that
actually ask the hard questions and MTV
asked about this case and about our
relations with Russia where are they we
are are these Keynesian voices the
refused to be dragged along by the tide
of prevailing orthodoxy if you're asking
me is the Russian media adding to the
debate no I think the Russian media is
poisoning the debate by developing the
truth by making facts questionable and
by saying that everything can be
questioned
speculation spin and increasing
suspicions on both sides that's the
climate in which this diplomatic
standoff is being reported and as the
consensus solidifies the space the time
for questions and alternative
perspectives gets pushed to the margins
we're discussing other media stories
that are on our radar this week with one
of our producers Johanna who's Joe let's
start in Sri Lanka where we've seen an
escalation of violence between the
country's ethnic majority that Cecilia's
Buddhists and the Muslim minority and
now social media seems to have become a
part of the story why is that well
tensions between these two communities
have worsened over the last few years
with hardline Buddhist groups accusing
Muslims of forcing people to convert to
Islam and destroying sacred Buddhist
sites now after clashes erupted in Sri
Lanka scandi district two weeks ago the
government declared attend a state of
emergency now they also blocked all
social media platforms such as Facebook
Instagram whatsapp and viber saying that
they were instrumental in spreading and
amplifying hate speech but Joe while the
ban has been criticized there are some
analysts that say the government isn't
wrong because actually social media did
become a significant tool in the spread
of hate speech yes social media and
particularly Facebook actually have been
the go-to platforms to spread rumors and
hate speech now for example a day before
last week's riots the leader of a sin
Alize nationalist group posted this
widely shared video a few people have
been arrested for spreading these kind
of messages but as yet so the
authorities haven't taken their cases
any further and the blanket social media
blackout hasn't even stopped the problem
either because with the use of VPNs that
allow Internet users to get around such
bans people have still been able to
continue sharing rumors and incitements
okay let's move on to Indonesia now
because that's another country dealing
with online hate speech and over the
past few weeks police there have
arrested several members of the
so-called Muslim cyber army or the MCA
so who are they and what exactly have
they been accused of well the MCA is a
network of loosely connected groups that
post a lot of their content online and
according to Indonesia cyber crime unit
the group has been spreading fake news
and hate speech with the intention of
deepening religious and ethnic divides
stabilizing the government and pushing
back against politics that they consider
too liberal or to secular anjo this
online hate campaign is now actually
moving off the web and having
consequences in real life isn't it yes
Indonesian SAR all over social media the
country is actually the fifth highest
user of Facebook and Twitter
now using BOTS and fake accounts the
Muslim cyber army have managed to
influence public opinion and even
encourage people to take up violence
last year for example at least 103 cases
were reported in which people who had
allegedly criticized Islam on social
media were viciously targeted beaten and
in some cases even forced to record
video apologies
now with general elections coming up
next year many fear that social media
platforms will be increasingly
weaponized ok Joe thank you for that
update well speaking of social media
when Google launched almost 20 years ago
its corporate motto was don't be evil
until last year Facebook's official
mission was to make the world more open
and connected well things have changed
since the two tech giant's first came
online both companies have been accused
of working behind the scenes the silence
or de-emphasize
certain kinds of voices Google Facebook
and Twitter are all under pressure from
governments to get serious about fake
news and hate speech on their platforms
the companies say that collectively
thousands of moderators are now at work
and new algorithms have been designed to
filter out that kind of content
but that opens up a whole new can of
worms a new set of questions about who
gets to decide what we can or cannot see
on the Internet
the listening-posts meenakshi ravi now
on how the tech giant's are policing
their platforms and whether what they're
doing amounts to a new kind of
censorship
October 2016 the activist group the
Palestinian information center saw
accounts of ten of its administrators
suspended by Facebook April 2017
political analysis websites across the
United States began to see dramatic
drops in their web traffic through
Google December 2017 Egyptian journalist
yl Abbas his Twitter account was deleted
he'd had 350,000 followers these are
just some of dozens of similar cases in
each there was no prior warning no
specific reason given and no Avenue of
redress provided censorship has changed
completely
and dramatically because of the internet
and because of particularly these big
tech companies which are basically
monopolies they can end your existence
online I think it's a huge danger if
anybody is interested in the free flow
of information in in people challenging
their views by reading opposing views I
think you have to be concerned about
three giant corporations deciding what
information you can see and what
information you can't see we have these
opaque algorithms deciding what we can
and cannot see and we have no idea how
they're being controlled when the
censorship occurs on these platforms the
content disappears forever I think
that's one of the sort of least
democratic things that we could imagine
which is ironic because it is precisely
anxiety about threats to democracy that
has led to pressure on Google Facebook
and Twitter
to crack down on dubious content your
social media feed may have been part of
Russia's interference in the election
misinformation disinformation troll
farms legions of automated accounts
sharing rumors and untruths over the
past two years the problems with
information online have seemed to grow
bigger in October last year in the
aftermath of the 2016 presidential
election in the United States the tech
giant's were hauled in before Congress
and told to take responsibility for what
got posted on their sites you've created
these
forms and now they are being misused and
you have to be the ones to do something
about it
in Germany a new law imposes fines of up
to 50 million euros if social media
sites fail to remove hate speech or fake
news within 24 hours faced with the
prospect of increased regulation and
escalating negative PR the online
giant's ramped up their efforts on the
one hand you could say well the
platform's need to do something about
this
they should be cracking down on fake
news they should be cracking down on
hate speech and yet what you are
effectively approving is that the
government should force these private
platforms to decide what speech is
acceptable and what isn't we're giving
this kind of power to group that is not
responsible to the general public
we're not talking about a government
agency which is required to do things in
a transparent way we're talking about a
private company that does everything
secretly and despite how opaque online
censorship can be sometimes the reasons
really aren't all that invisible in July
2016 Facebook hired Jordanna Cutler a
former advisor to Prime Minister
Benjamin Netanyahu as its head of policy
and communications for Israel in October
of that year executives from Facebook
met with Israeli government officials
soon after numerous Palestinian
activists found their accounts suspended
for quote violating Facebook's community
standards Israel's justice minister
declared this a victory with national
cheeky bono caja a sheet of polite
atomic emission opposed a commission a
host Amy Massey because I am shocked I
own Facebook mr. Rockwell Toshiba
Kamisha who's a man I met her name
Jehovah look she well it's completely
hypocritical because first of all we
know as Facebook has admitted the counts
were erased at the request of the
Israeli government number one and number
two
they've done nothing to face right-wing
Israeli incitement against Palestinians
which is far more virulent and
bloodthirsty and racist than anything
that's been posted on those Palestinian
sites we put these allegations to
Facebook although they didn't respond to
our specific questions
they sent a statement we will protect
and work with all the different
communities on Facebook whatever their
race or religion
Facebook's community standards make it
clear that hate speech violence and
direct threats are not allowed and we
apply significant resources to ensure
this we have to remember that that these
are all for-profit corporations whose
main goal is to make money please their
shareholders and their advertisers and
so when these companies are faced with
pressure from powerful governments
they're of course going to do whatever
they can to ensure that they don't get
blocked there there's never been a
company like Facebook before there's
never been quote/unquote media entity
that effectively controls the way that
people get their information for
billions and billions of people so even
if they're only censoring a tiny
proportion of the accounts on Facebook
that's still larger than any traditional
media entity has ever controlled the one
tech company that can rival Facebook for
size is Google the search engine
dominates more than 75% of web searches
worldwide in April 2017 Google announced
Project owl a new set of guidelines for
the company's ten thousand-plus
moderators to flag quote low quality
content to be demoted through the search
algorithm in some quarters there's
concern about how subjective and vague
these assessments can be in the months
after project owls launched a number of
alternative political analysis web sites
reported dramatic reductions in web
traffic coming from Google searches the
website I write for TruthDig we began to
see a precipitous decline in referred
traffic so referred traffic in January
of 2017 was about 700 21,000 by December
of that year was down to about 240,000
sites such as alternate a consortium
news the world socialist website all saw
their traffic drop by over 70% what
Google did there led to her what I would
consider to be censorship of lots of
websites both on the political left and
the political right Google has the power
to influence opinions and votes and
purchases
anyone knowing that they're doing so
that's power
Google's response to these allegations
has been one of silence including to our
own request for comment it is undeniable
that the online Giants are under
pressure to stop fake news and hate
speech on their platforms however
critics say that the dragnet they have
cast for content to delete or demote is
far wider catching legitimate voices at
the margins and people are puzzled when
they compare what's been taken down with
what's been left up Egyptian journalists
while Abbas had used his Twitter account
to expose the excesses of his government
but Twitter suspended Abbas last
December when we asked them why Twitter
said they don't comment on individual
accounts for privacy and security
reasons a really interesting case
because it seems for that what he had
done wrong here is he was using
profanity and insults against some of
the people that he politically disagreed
with and we see this all the time we see
users who are going up against Nazis
people who are advocating for genocide
and rather than you know the white
supremacists being taken down it's the
person who goes up against them and
calls them names and in this case the
protagonists were a little bit different
of course but it was nevertheless the
same kind of story I think the risk is
if all of these companies are applying
what they call high quality or
authoritative filters they're going to
wind up with a an incredibly small and
narrow group of sort of traditional
mainstream media names and that's going
to effectively entrench those outlets
and other sites that do have things that
might be worth it for people to read or
hear about or think about it will never
be seen
and finally it's not often a
centuries-old magazine has a viral
moment but this past week National
Geographic was racking up the clicks the
magazine has devoted its latest addition
to the topic of race and it began its
deep dive with a close look at its own
archives as the editor-in-chief wrote it
hurts to share the appalling stories
from the magazine's past but we thought
we should examine our own history before
turning our gaze to others or what the
magazine found was a history of images
and captions representing ethnicities
from around the world in shockingly
racist ways sticking by its commitment
to own up to the mistakes of its past
the magazine has posted much of the
material online we'll leave you with
some of those images and we'll see you
next time at The Listening Post
you
