seria brings them together stakeholders
and power brokers in a country now
divided into areas of influence turkey
unlike Iran and Russia doesn't support
the Syrian government but the three
countries have enough common interests
to continue cooperating through the
so-called Astana process the Kazakh
capital has hosted many rounds of talks
on Syria since the beginning of last
year the Astana process is meant to
complement talks in Geneva but the
message from here was clear a disregard
for the un-led peace process and any
Western intervention in a final
settlement ceasefire in the
de-escalation zones were important steps
to end the war in Syria the Astana
process is the successful international
initiative to decrease tension in Syria
Astana is where the political situation
to the crisis will be found for now
agreeing on the parameters of post-war
Syria is being decided on the ground
turkey is leading a military operation
against the YPG in the mainly Kurdish
populated northeastern town of Afrin and
the Russian and Iranian government's are
supporting the Syrian government's
campaign to recapture the rebel-held and
clav of Eastern Utah near Damascus the
foreign ministers meeting will be
followed by a summit in April that will
be attended by the three countries
presidents turkey said it will host the
meeting and said its aim will be to
revive peace efforts the last time the
three leaders met was in November at the
time they were discussing post-conflict
Syria and announced a peace conference
that was held in Sochi in late January
since then there has only been military
escalation the three countries may have
their differences but they share
animosity towards the United States
turkeys against the u.s. is alliance
with the Syrian Kurdish YPG armed group
the Russians and Iranians believe the
American military presence in the
Kurdish controlled northeast
and if threats against the government
are about increasing leverage resolution
you'd have no bruising then you see it's
unacceptable the u.s. threats to struck
Damascus was false
critics like the use of chemical weapons
we have told Washington we rejected
straits to use force Russian and Iranian
support have changed the balance of
power in the Syrian government's favor
but politically there is no credible
prospect of a settlement there is an
international power struggle and
negotiations are likely to continue on
the battleground then another al-jazeera
Astana
