this way I asked him you know he must
get up it was in a room in this small
courtyard that Ellen parkis killed her
own son
by strangling him a bee was addicted to
crystal meth or took as it's known in
the Cape Flats his addiction began at
the age of 14 and continued for seven
years Ellen says he used to terrorize
the family
it was after yet another drug binge that
Ellen says she was pushed over the edge
when I closed the front door I stood her
up at this when I came with her up and
then I just wanted him to stop with what
he was doing you know and we're just
standing with her I even just didn't
want to do it but it just what I put my
courage together and I put that up
around his neck inside her home Ellen
shows us where on one occasion a son
used an axe to hack through walls she
says he was looking for money or
anything he could sell for his next hit
I know that he was manipulate me in that
way but that wasn't even the point of
wanting to kill him I just wanted to
stop but the drugs lavender Hill is a
community plagued by gang violence
Ellen's home and many others are often
caught in the crossfire of gang
shootouts her home is riddled with
bullet holes we're now in Hanover Park
just a few kilometers from lavender Hill
we will want to keep a lookout in
communities like this one
hi drug use and addiction is coupled
with gang violence often due to turf
wars people here say they're being held
hostage in their own homes unable to
move around freely and safely here to a
community troubled by drug addiction the
sultan bahu was sent to treats about 600
addicts every month
Fatima's come here for help to kick her
addiction to meth my first chaos I
didn't know which I was coming or going
whether I was sleeping or awake because
it all felt the same you know you you in
this bubble way the world goes on the
world moves forward but you stole 10
years behind the center seized more than
80% of opioid addicts in the Western
Cape Province but people here say they
need
or help Ellen pockys was given a
three-year suspended sentence and 280
hours community service for killing her
son which she says she'll always regret
doing some may say she got off lightly
nothing is done a film has been made
telling Ellen story highlighting not
only her family's struggle with drug
addiction but also a community's
desperation yet little has changed for
Ellen she has two other sons who are
also addicts
she continues to struggle financially
she says kept prisoner in a community
with drugs poverty and crime are a way
of life familiar Miller al Jazeera in
the Cape Flats
