forget all the bad news about war
poverty disease famine things have never
been better
that's the view of the Harvard professor
and best-selling author Steven Pinker
who's considered to be among the world's
most influential intellectuals in his
latest book he denounces those he says
hate progress and calls for us to stop
whining and start celebrating how
humanity has become richer healthier and
safer than ever before thanks to the
European Age of Enlightenment but do the
facts support him or has he got it wrong
this week's headliner Steven Pinker
professor Steven Pinker thanks for
joining me on upfront we live in a world
in which Thorat arianism is on the rise
a world filled with more displaced
people at any time since the Second
World War a world on the brink of a
nuclear conflict may be facing the
threat of climate change and yet you
come along with your new much-discussed
book enlightenment now the case for
reason science humanism and progress in
which you argue that quote none of us
are as happy as we ought to be given how
amazing our world has become amazing how
amazing why well any aspect of human
well-being that you measure has shown an
increase we live longer more of us go to
school life is safer fewer arrests die
in wars and the point of the book is not
just to document the product the
progress that's the middle section of
the book and I trying to do it in 75
graphs knowing that people will be
incredulous if I just data in the book
they just won't believe it unless they
see the graph showing poverty declining
showing deaths in war going down but
also to explain why it happened I bid to
a certain set of ideas that were that
were expressed in the second half of the
18th century the era that we call the
Enlightenment and identify them as
reason we should try to analyze our
situation logically and rationally
instead of falling back on tradition and
dogma and authority if we apply reason
and science to making people better off
we can gradually succeed and then I
argue that in fact we have succeeded so
we'll talk about whether we succeed and
we'll unpack some of your claims about
poverty and violence etc but there you
critics say you haven't engaged with the
fact that the Enlightenment the Age of
Enlightenment also coincided with the
age of slavery genocide exploitation
colonialism there's a lot of downsides
that came out of the indictment there's
a dark side to the alignment that you
just don't take into account yeah that
that's false I do take it into account
and it's anachronistic the chronology is
wrong slavery has existed since
civilization has existed genocide is
existence in civilization given the
first given a justification when when
enlightenment philosophers came along
and said well these people are lesser
than us when people like John Locke and
Immanuel Kant was thinks outrageous
racist things about savages natives when
people going abroad to India Africa from
Britain from
to civilize the savages a lot of that a
lot of scholars say that was associated
with enlightenment values that first of
all he preceded the Enlightenment
colonization did not begin in the second
half of the 18th century and also it
were was enlightenment figures for the
first time in history that spoke out
against imperialism and slavery and
colonization all the great empires that
we read about in history you look at
those the maps showing the extent of the
empires they got there by conquest the
idea that conquest and colonialism and
slavery began in the in the 19th century
is historically wrong and it was the
during the Enlightenment that the first
arguments against these practices
started to carry the day but you also
did have enlightenment philosophers like
Immanuel Kant saying black people could
only be educated to the level of
servants Native Americans couldn't be
educated at all John Locke the English
philosopher as a supporter of African
slavery David Hume the Scottish
philosopher said the only civilized
nation is the white nation Voltaire the
French philosopher with a notorious
anti-semite it wasn't a dark side to
these people who were there absolutely
too excited these people and I make it
and I make the point that that there's
not a book of I like Nuala tree kind of
holding them up as idols they were they
were flawed they disagreed with each
other some of them were slaveholders
some of the more anti-semites and racism
racists that could be what I'm holding
up are the ideas that at least the the
ideas of Reason science and when those
ideas also use Nazis or totalitarian
action though they worked a lot of
scholars who say they were you don't had
agree with them but there are scholars
who say flat wrong I mean the the the
Nazis were proponents of the counter
Enlightenment they do not believe in
universal human flourishing they
believed in the superiority of the tribe
you're a very prominent scientist very
well credential scientist some critics
say that your book though is less of a
reasoned scientific argument more of a
polemic because it doesn't put forth the
hypothesis tested against the evidence
and then come to a dispassionate
conclusion you start backwards you have
your conclusion and then you spend
around four hundred and fifty pages
trying to find data and graphs
some say cherry pick data to justify
that conclusion what do you say to them
totally wrong that's just dead wrong I
we all agree on what human wellbeing
consists of like life expectancy like
death from disease like death from
violent crime I plot them and the graphs
go in a particular direction not try
ignoring data that doesn't fit your
thesis absolutely false no well let's
take global poverty yeah you have a
chapter in the book on prosperity you
want to make the case that the world is
more prosperous and less poor than ever
before and you point to data showing the
number of people living on the extreme
poverty line as defined by the World
Bank today one dollar ninety cents a day
is down from two billion in 1990 to 700
million in 2015 the world is becoming
middle-class you say but surely you know
I know you know because you're a very
clever well qualified guy that there are
numerous studies and a number of
scholars who dispute that poverty
measure is arbitrary as inaccurate that
in reality to quote from a recent
academic paper by the anthers by an
anthropologist at the LSE quote around
four billion people remain in poverty
today around 2 billion remain hungry
more than ever before in history that
completely irrelevant to which way that
the the numbers have gone
of course the definition of absolute of
extreme poverty is going to be arbitrary
if you make it higher than more people
will be in poverty make it lower fewer
people but no matter what cutoff you
said the direction of sound we're
actually if you look at the work done by
Jason Hickel at the LSE if you take a
poverty line of $5 a billion people have
been added to the number of people in
that on that poverty measure since 1981
the trend shows the exact opposite when
you move it to $5 a day the in terms of
the proportion of people are absolutely
in poverty by that criteria to share
number of people billion people have
been added to the poverty total yes
because 1981
yes but billions of people have been
added to the world as a whole what's
relevant is the proportion you also use
absolute numbers in your book you says
come on down from 2 billion to 700 that
the by at least the most widely accepted
definition of extreme poverty is
interesting with the absolute numbers
have declined as well but the main point
is the proportion because more people
have been added so anything is going to
increase you say widely accepted but
this is my point you don't acknowledge
in the book there's no caveats where you
say for example professor Lant Pritchett
Harvard colleague of yours a development
economist who studies this stuff says
the poverty line shouldn't be $1 90 it
should be
well $15 a day and when you make that
simple statistical change the entire
picture of poverty changes and the
argument in your book basically fall
apart
do they not I no I don't think so again
if I change this is the problem of
relying on daily changed the measurement
and everything changes
well no not everything changes because I
mean that that's a rather extreme
redefinition that's multiplying by a
factor of six he's one of the world's
experts on the subject well with respect
this is his field you could have
included the caveats and said look
there's a bunch of experts who don't
agree that poverty is what you declare
as fact that poverty is falling plenty
of development experts disagree with you
yes some do but if it's a question of
just absolute numbers it's irrelevant if
it's a question of whether we should set
the poverty level at $2 or $3 that's
irrelevant over a wide range of
estimates the picture is the same you
say irrelevant but you do realize that
if you're a middle-class North American
academic and you go to someone living on
say $1 91 cents a day and say well
you're not in extreme poverty what are
you complaining about we should be
grateful about progress he or she would
probably laugh in your face well but if
you compared that person to the
situation 20 years ago if you look at
how many people died of hunger if you
look at how many people died of
infectious disease they all point in the
same direction toward improvement and so
yes I mean it is always going to be the
case that if you cherry-pick the people
who are worst off they're not going to
be very well off you also mention
inequality which is a big discussion
point right now in the world today the
World Bank the IMF the world he can over
even though all of these August
institutions are saying inequality is a
problem it hurts growth you have books
like the spirit level linking rising
income inequality to higher rates of
homicide imprisonment infant mortality
mental illness and yet you say in the
book
economic inequality is not in itself a
dimension of human well-being that's
right because well for one thing the
claims of the spirit level have been
evaluated and shown to be false
there's plenty of studies agree with the
spirit level it's not just a spirit in
there plenty that that refuted it the
ones with the largest data sets
have come to the opposite conclusion
that actually affluence matters a lot
more than inequality in fact there are
300 papers published in journals since
the mid 1970s linking inequality to ill
health mortality higher levels of
violence it's not just the spirit level
and their cover
some of them cover 120 countries just
right but inequality is correlated with
a lot of other things with overall level
of Economic Development with education
with women's rights so the the question
is not whether there's a first-order
correlation but whether you can show it
to be causal once you take into account
all the other causation and correlation
as you know is a real problem and some
say that's a problem in your book
because there's a similar issue with
enlightenment is it causation of
correlation but just on inequality you
make a sweeping statement in the book
it's jumped out you said you said that
today the gap between employees and
employers isn't isn't the gap it was in
the past
they're both likely to be overweight
both likely to wear the same shoes have
similar phones same TVs which sounds
great but then you don't mention that in
the u.s. today men who are in the top 1%
of income earners live 15 years longer
than men in the bottom 1% a 15-year gap
in life expectancy and you tell us but
don't worry they have the same shoes and
jeans well I don't say don't worry I say
the insinuation it is not the
insinuation it's let's appreciate the
progress that has happened it doesn't
mean that it will never mean that there
are no more problems to be solved or if
the world is perfect you'll see it isn't
a problem to solve and I'm saying if
there's a 15 year life expectancy gap it
is and it should be something that you
should place in a much higher emphasis
on well life expectancy for everyone is
a is a the most obvious criterion for
well-being so we should raise everyone's
life span right now in 25 years because
most of the life expectancy gains
according to Stanford University have
gone to the top one percent yes but the
the goal should be should not be
reducing inequality as if if we got the
top 1% to die earlier that would be
progress I'm saying that's the wrong
criterion for the topic so you suggest I
think that's a straw man no one's that's
it that's an implication of focusing on
inequality as the problem as opposed to
early death that can be prevented those
are two very different ways of stating
these if you don't recognize the link
with inequality which to be fair you
don't although there are other studies
it does let's talk about another big
issue which you address in the book
climate change at James Hanson the
former NASA scientists
it could threaten quote the fabric of
civilization a bit big statement yet you
say some would say in a rather flippant
way in the book that quote despite a
half-century of panic Humanity is not on
an irrevocable path to ecological
suicide how can you be so confident
given all the overwhelming evidence on
the other side well there I agree
completely with Jim Hansen he would he
would say the exact same thing that it's
not irrevocable it's irrevocable and
it's pointless to try to do anything
about it I'm saying it's not irrevocable
that we should face the challenge and
look for solutions as Jim Jim Hanson
does is not on an irrevocable bar but
that's exactly what I'm saying it's not
irrevocable if we make certain decisions
what is your solution to the climate
change problem which seems to on face
value undermine this kind of positive
picture you play on the book given this
existential threat we face from climate
change to seem to say because there are
pathways to solving the climate crisis
one of them would be carbon pricing
which would may mean that every decision
that people make factors in the damage
to the atmosphere into the climate the
other is the development of zero carbon
energy sources and eventually negative
carbon energy sources because we've got
a start sucking co2 out of the
atmosphere as well as stopping adding to
it but you believe those things could
work even though all the people who are
involved in the field right now are
tearing their hair out saying none of
this is working the trend is in the
wrong direction things aren't getting
better the trend is in the wrong
direction but it doesn't mean that that
doesn't mean that nothing could work
those are two different statements agree
but what's your basis for say be
optimistic is what I'm wondering I'm not
saying I'm not this is a relentlessly
optimistic book no no it's a realistic
book I think will rise to the challenge
we can be conditionally optimistic
conditionally optimistic that is you are
if we if we take these steps and if we
don't take this steps then then there
could be disasters yeah okay so so let
me ask a balance of probabilities really
good nail you down on this subjects
difficult do you believe as of today
given the situation we find ourselves
the warnings from scientists the
political situation which looks bad that
we are any that we're gonna be able to
solve or beat climate change I think the
probability is significantly greater
than zero how much greater than zero I
don't know if it's zero then then let's
just let's just drive our SUVs
a lot of reviews of you I've read a lot
of your reviews at New York Times Boston
Globe Guardian a lot of the reviewers
who read your book said exactly this
even though they like your style they
praise a lot of the content of the book
they do accuse you of setting up these
strong men argument making sweeping
claims who's saying zero
nobody's saying zero but what if you are
if you're saying if you're saying if
you're challenging the idea that we're
not on an irrevocable course to do this
to do that anyone optimistic about
climate change right now given the
political environmental economic
situation well as I said it doesn't mean
it's zero it means it's bad yeah well it
would be bad if we don't do anything
about it do you keep adding this caveat
if well not say we're not well we're not
doing enough it's not true that we're
not doing anything about it
well doing enough and even some of the
worst developments such as Donald Trump
threatening to pull the u.s. out of the
parasitic wart the other the individual
states plan to keep to the to the
restrictions other countries it won't
even go into effect until at the last
month of Trump's presidency and it could
be reversed by a success today's in
Paris people are complaining about Paris
not being enough well and you're a man
who likes experts expertise empiricism
you're a famed brilliant cognitive
psychologist but how does that make you
qualified to make these kind of sweeping
trick claims about climate change when
you're not a climate scientist yourself
and many of them don't like the fact
that you've made these kind of sweeping
claims well because the the idea that
it's possible that we will solve a crime
a crisis is not a sweeping claim Steven
Pinker thanks so much for joining me on
upfront thanks for having me
according to journalist a4 Hirsch
discussing race in contemporary Britain
is still a radical act in her latest
book British Hirsch argues that the UK
has failed to reckon with its colonial
legacy and in turn important
conversations around race ethnicity and
diversity have been silenced the end
result she writes is that bigotry and
Prejudice remains quote woven into the
fabric of everyday British life
everywhere but just how accurate is her
she's diagnosis and what are her
solutions joining me in the arena to
debate this are our four Hirsch and
Claire Fox the director of the academy
of ideas in London thank you both for
joining me in the arena I for a lot of
liberals celebrate the fact that Britain
is no longer the openly racist society
that it once was that you disagree and
you write in your book white supremacy
is ever-present in British society how
do you justify what is a pretty
provocative and I'm sure to a lot of
white people startling claim about the
UK well first of all I it's not that say
that I don't recognize that we have made
progress in racism I think violent
hostile aggressive racism has definitely
diminished and when I speak to people 10
or 15 years older than me who experience
being regularly chased down the street
or beaten up because of their race
that's not something I recognize from my
own experience so I'm not saying that we
haven't made progress but I think what's
happened is that because racism has
become less visible and it's become more
subtle encoded we've become very
complacent and we have stopped
recognizing that race exists on multiple
layers Claire Fox subtle coded
structural racism still exists after all
calls it white supremacy what's your
response to that well I've no doubt that
racism still exists and I think the
subtle coded point is quite important
because I think it's so subtle and so
coded that very often people are
frightened about discussing race in the
UK because they're frightened that
they'll be as the phrase goes called out
for being racist when they're not being
racist at all I think the difficulty is
and this is an aspect of identity
politics that I feel very uncomfortable
with in indeed is is that rather than
kind of taking people for what they say
and for the ideas that
hold we start to see people based on
their ethnicity or indeed on their
gender or any number of things I mean
the thing about privilege and after
we'll be aware that recently in the UK
there's been some controversy about
people saying that for example a white
homeless person is that it's somebody
who's got white privilege or that the
suffragettes were white supremacists and
so on and this actually does I think
unhelpfully would use people to the
color of their skin and that's what I
meant by racializing Society and of
course I'm not addressing that to think
about an objective point flair for the
sake of our viewers let me just clarify
then putting aside people your own
personal views or offense or non offense
or people's uncomfortable feelings just
on that jus their language we're using
here do you recognize that there is such
a thing as white privilege in the UK
today that there is a bias across
society financially educationally
towards the white majority still surely
would recognize that well not well I
think it's more complicated than that
and it's interesting that we only talk
about white privilege recently we used
to talk about until relatively recently
racism something which I think many
people were wanted to fight against and
many people were racist and it's the
it's the kind of reduction of this to
skin color that I find you know
unhelpful I mean we actually have a
complicated look a picture in this
country where for example white
working-class youths are not doing very
well but white working-class boys for
example are not doing very well in
educational terms whereas there's been
an incredible incredible - young people
are doing there's whole different is
within ethnicities and so on so it's
just not black and white okay let's put
that to a four it's not black and white
there's an appropriate phrase it's a
complicated it's a complicated picture
in the UK right now and you're
simplifying it I'm glad Claire has
pointed to the complexity because that's
exactly what my book is about
I think we've become very simplistic in
the way that we talk about identity and
our narratives about race race and class
intersect the idea of calling a white
homeless person someone benefiting from
white privilege to me is absurd you know
that
people who are homeless are more likely
to have had trauma in childhood to have
parents with alcohol and drug abuse have
been in the care system so they have
suffered from multiple disadvantage
based on class and poverty at the same
time black people who are homeless and
rough sleeping have even worse outcomes
because they suffer from both class and
race deprivation it's true that white
working-class boys are doing very badly
at school but young black men between
the ages of 18 and 26 are twice as
likely to be unemployed as young white
working-class men from similar
backgrounds so we see in the data the
way that race and class intersects and
overlaps yet there are still statistic
as types of asturias would affect my
annoyed people this is not a
conversation laughter let me ask you
this question a lot of people would
would not their heads agree with you on
the point you're making about the data
and the racism and I'm sure Claire would
agree with a lot of what you're saying
about the actual racism in some British
society but you go further in your book
you say for example in the midst of
frenzied debate on the United States you
say is in the midst of frenzied debate
on what to do about all this historical
racism white supremacy Britain in our
inertia arrogance and intellectual
laziness is not some would say that's
because Britain just isn't as bad as the
US when it comes to the legacy of
slavery when it comes to race them are
you saying Britain is as bad as the US I
think so one of the reasons that we have
been very complacent in in being honest
about our history of empires because
many people convince themselves that the
British Empire was far more benevolent
and humane than the French Portuguese or
Belgian Empire and therefore we should
be proud of it the reality can be both
you know we didn't have the same
legislative segregation and about racism
as the United States which was which was
a plantation economy but we didn't force
it in our colonies and those colonies
built the modern industrial British
economy so history is very complex what
I'm accusing Britain of is failing to be
interested in its complexity you know we
talked about abolition but we don't talk
about slavery we have a very much have a
Victor's version of British history as a
result of having one ok the Second World
War and having yourself you were on the
right side of history
Claire do I respond I don't well I I
honestly don't I don't recognize this
because every institution in Britain it
seems to me is full of a kind of
angst-ridden
exploration of the fact that oh my
goodness you know we're a museum maybe
represent colonialism what are we going
to do about our Empire's history there's
renaming discussions going on
discussions about statues and so on if
anything I think we were over
preoccupied about our colonial past I
don't mind a debate about history I feel
as though however history is being
plundered for the sufferings of people
in the past very often ethnic minorities
in the past almost as a way of talking
about racism today which is a very
different thing and I would suggest that
whilst I wanted an intelligent
discussion about history that has got
nothing to do and the legacy of it has
got nothing to do with the contemporary
problems we face in relations I don't
know where to start I don't know where
to start with that I have fundamentally
disagree with Claire you look at our
political leaders Gordon Brown David
Cameron Michael Gove they talk about
history as a celebratory subject Claire
says that we learn too much we're
riddled with shame how many people in
Britain can name one of the African
abolitionists who was fundamental to
ending the slave trade we talk about
West India merchants in our literature
in period dramas we never called them
slave owners or plantation owners we
found so many ways of coding this
parsley that it's more palatable and to
say as Claire did that this history is
not relevant is absolutely absurd there
are people alive whose grandparents
worked on plantations owned by British
families who didn't save their ancestors
there are whole nations who were part of
the Commonwealth whose like density is a
result as the result of the
transatlantic slave trade propagated and
profited from by Britain so this is very
much a living part of history my mother
was born in the Empire in a colony the
Gold Coast as it was where she was
taught that British culture and
civilization was superior to her own I
think what this does is it this reduces
us to our identity and our ethnicity and
far too passive away I could say now you
know as somebody from an Irish immigrant
background everything about me today is
because of all the suffering that my
family had but to try and explain
contemporary politics by actually
accusing people of white supremacism
because they don't know enough history
or even implying that white people in
2018 or somehow in any way implicated in
the slave trade or indeed that black
people in this country
because their ancestors were slaves are
dominated by determined by is far too
passive a way of seeing people
anti-racism for me was transcending our
identities and our history and making
history not actually being victims of it
I think it's really frightening isn't it
easy though and I'm sorry to have to ask
you this but given you're a member of
the white major majority in the UK isn't
it easier for a member of a majority to
say let's transcend our identities isn't
that by definition what privilege allows
you to do well that's the whole point is
now I'm reduced to the fact that I
happen to be white right identity is a
very important part of everybody's lives
what politics allows us to do is to
transcend that in order to fight the
contemporary problems that we all face
after 20 seconds last last word last
word this is not about you Claire or
this is not about individual white
people this is about a system and I
think what you're saying keeps
reinforcing this misunderstanding the
idea that I'm accusing individual people
or I'm accusing people of that they
should feel guilty for what the Empire
did this is not about that this is about
systems of race and class that are
highly relevant in people's life
experience in their outcomes in
advantage and disadvantage and we don't
talk about them and I'm trying to start
a conversation about them because they
matter and because we want the same
things I would love for us to be able to
transcend race in this country but we
can't do so until we've acknowledged
race and we've as far as of yet failed
to do so we'll have to leave it there
Claire Fox after a hush thanks so much
for joining me in the arena to debate
this that's our show
upfront we'll be back next week
you
