previously at home on Russia's reality
TV screens the one-time party-girl
Ksenia Sobchak turned political party
girl challenging Vladimir Putin for the
presidency we need them to stop stealing
our freedom and youth to stop stealing
our common future our audience these
days less impressed by bling jewelry and
branded clothing more interested in what
she can do any chance of politics it
seems a long time since TV shows like
blonde in chocolate featured soap Jack
as a spoiled rich kid with dubious
morals and a voracious spending habit
the turn towards opposition politics in
the street protests of 2012 was a sudden
as it was unlikely yet she swapped
sports cars for police vans seemingly
with ease
telling Al Jazeera that her mission was
to save the underdog it's like you know
when you see a fight which is unfair and
like a big guy bullying a teenager you
go in and try to help the teenager if
you're you know a normal person her name
is political solid-gold Ksenia 'he's
father Anatoly Sobchak was Putin's
mentor before he died in 2000 Putin had
offered subject protection from
corruption charges already some believe
the younger Sobchak might one day
succeed Putin able to pay back an old
family debt by keeping him safe from
future prosecution
it's an idea Cassini's mum herself a
senator in Russia's upper house rejects
was named Kruk we know the circle of
Putin's friends who owe everything they
have to
me and my family are not a part of this
circle
do you believe she has what it takes to
be President of Russia not now but in
the future I am sure if so she'll need
to prepare for more of this reduced to
tears by a barrage of gender-based
insults in a televised election debate
it remains to be seen whether Ksenia
Sobchak has it in her to swap dirty
dancing for the sometimes dirty world of
Russian politics
Jonah hall al Jazeera Moscow
