hi I'm Malika Bilal and this is Gilbert
Lin's power an American sign language
interpreter he'll be helping us conclude
our week-long coverage of the South by
Southwest Conference and festivals in
Austin Texas with a look at innovations
in assistive technology for people with
disability you're now in the stream live
on al-jazeera and on YouTube be sure to
ask your questions in the chat and we'll
do our best to get them into the
conversation
my name is Trisha Martinez and I'm the
creator of a cryptocurrency called dolla
and I'm in the stream
the World Bank estimates that 1 billion
people around the globe live with
disability although technology exists to
assist people with their mobility or
communication accessibility remains a
key issue in many areas including
employment and education in disability
rights activists have in Burma's case it
was about the ability to order chocolate
cake from her University's cafeteria
Hubbins resolved to improve
accessibility for other students led her
to become the first deafblind graduate
of Harvard Law School take a listen to
what she said in 2015 at an Obama White
House event marking the anniversary of a
US law that mandates equal opportunities
for Americans with disability for my
grandmother back in Africa my success in
law school seems like magic for all of
us here we know that people with
disabilities succeed not by magic but
through opportunities in America and the
heart of one power of the a DA three of
my work at disability rights advocates I
strive to ensure that people with
disabilities have access to the digital
world including Internet services online
businesses websites and apps every day
I'm reminded that as far as we've come
the drive for equality is not over
joining us from our position at South by
Southwest is haben Girma along with her
assistant ariane kalfa welcome to the
stream both of you haben we're talking
tech and accessibility so let's start by
explaining to our audience the tools
that you're using to communicate with us
today
hello and welcome so my name is haben
and i'm deafblind and i use technology
to help me communicate with people
for example this device I have here I'm
gonna hold it up so it's a computer with
a Braille display on the bottom and
tactile dots pop-up on the display I ran
my fingers over the dots and different
dot patterns represent different letters
I'm using English Braille Braille is a
tool
it exists in lots of different languages
Arabic Spanish German so it's a tool
that allows people to communicate
through touch through tactile so I use
digital Braille in connection with a
keyboard it's a wireless keyboard and
when someone types on the keyboard what
they write shows up in Braille so when
people are talking to me they can type
on the keyboard and I'll read their
words in Braille or we could have an
interpreter Arion is the interpreter
from you today and she's typing on a
keyboard and I'm reading in Braille I'm
looking forward to our amazing questions
this afternoon and we do have a lot of
good questions for you on Twitter but
before we get to them you've had quite a
busy day today I pulled up on my laptop
here the page for your panel at South by
Southwest the festival and conference
yes we can' innovations in accessibility
give us a highlight from that panel that
you were just at just a few hours ago
one of the biggest highlights is how to
frame disability a lot of people dream
disability as charity that's problematic
don't think of disability as charity
disability affects all of us all our
body has changed change is part of the
human condition if we're lucky we'll
grow old and reach old age when our
bodies will change and we deserve access
and dignity at every stage of our life
so design things to be accessible
buildings apps websites so that everyone
has access when you're designed for
inclusion you're investing in yourself
you're investing in your business so
that everyone can access it there are
1.3 billion people with disabilities all
over the world that's a significant
population we're the largest minority
group so prioritize disability there are
strong business reasons for making it
accessible for making your services
accessible stop thinking about it as
charity hmm I like that design for
inclusion I want to bring in a member of
our community who had a question for you
heaven this is Dan Ryder who tweeted in
to the show he wants to know what would
you most like those of us outside of the
deaf and blind communities to understand
about your experience as a student and
of course I'll remind our audience that
you graduated from Harvard Law School so
what would you like those outside of
your community to know
so let me out I'm part of many
communities I'm a woman I'm a part of
the community of people who identify as
a woman I'm also black
I'm also Eritrean and Ethiopian I'm part
of many different communities
deafblindness is one of my identities
and it's very very unique the community
is very small most of the time when I do
something when I take a class go to the
restaurant I'm usually the first up
blind person to to go there and I have
to be a pioneer and teach people and
educate people I've learned to be a
really strong self-advocate and over
time I realized hey these advocacy
skills can also help other people so I
turned my self advocacy skills into
community advocacy and that's one of the
reasons I decided to become a lawyer
still one thing I would love people who
are not blind to know is that don't be
afraid of the unknown reach out connect
ask questions don't be afraid of what
you don't know things are scary when
they remain unknown once you engage ask
questions learn it's not scary anymore
so you talked about your advocacy we got
a tweet on that in particular this is
Maysoon Zayid a friend of the stream
she's been on our show before and she is
a comedian she says I had the privilege
of meeting heaven Girma my question
disability rights are currently under
siege in the United States what advice
does she have for advocates fighting to
protect these rights
he's advocating never stop out of the
cating we also need to teach other
people to advocate we want more
advocates to join us in the movement I
also want people to know that money
should never be a barrier there are
nonprofit law firms that will represent
people with disabilities for free there
are agencies where you can file
complaints there's lots of free
information online so don't ever let
money be a barrier if you want to make
your website or app accessible check out
the web content accessibility guidelines
or Apple and Android accessibility
guidelines there's lots of free
information online and lots of nonprofit
agencies disability rights organizations
that have tons of information to share
for free or can consult provide training
keep asking questions we need everyone
to be advocates and I think that message
is getting through this is tim minute on
twitter who rights people with
disabilities constitute 15 to 20 percent
of the world's population and are
severely underrepresented in many
industries haben reminds us that what
prevents many people in this community
from contributing their talent to
society is the barriers that society
puts in place with that happen I'm going
to pause you there in our conversation
to broaden out this conversation a
little bit about assistive technology
check out this video about a product for
people with single-sided deafness shot
by our producers at the South by
Southwest trade show I'm the student
from Japan and I'm from the University
of Tokyo and actually I have
single-sided deafness definitely one
year and I had some problems with I'm
hearing and like noisy places with many
people comment heavy conversation and I
would like to have a some kind of
hearing aid but as you know hearing aids
have some kind of unique shape and also
it's kind of annoying because you have
to put it on and off every time so I
wanted to make some kind of product for
myself just like I use my glasses so I
decided to make
well this class it's called as ears and
it's kind of grass that's forests people
with single-sided deafness to help
hearing and let me show you how it works
well here here are the microphones well
I'm sorry I'm for example um this person
has deafness in his right ear same as me
and the sound coming from the right side
will be transmitted through this glass
and then this computer will do the sound
processing and then the bone conduction
speaker over here
well I'm transmitted to the sound to the
left ear hear how it that's how it works
so as a result this person having
single-sided deafness yeah with this
product he can hear the both sides of
sound with one ear that's how our
product works so what other assistive
technologies and policies can increase
inclusion and accessibility well joining
us now in Monterrey Mexico is mariano
garcia ramos an inclusion and
communication specialist at the monterey
institute of technology and higher
education she also attended this year's
South by Southwest Conference as a
panelist on the topic of sex beauty and
women with disabilities onset Erin Swan
is an assistive technology specialist
working for a program within the
department of disabilities in the US
state of Maryland and Corrine Weibull is
the deputy project director for the
partnership on employment and accessible
technology or peat that's an
organization that works to help
employers IT companies and others
understand the importance of accessible
technology welcome to you all through
this part of the conversation so we got
a lot of comments online about examples
of where technology meets accessibility
this is just one this is andrew on
twitter who says one example is apps
that enable people to rate accessibility
of places they visit or attempt to visit
these are apps that tend to use existing
mapping tech like google maps gradually
crowdsource accessibility mapping can
help mobility and a
countability so that's just one example
there marry angle you just returned to
Mexico from the South by Southwest
Conference did it live up to what's in
this tweet here from Andrew on ways to
make things more accessible how
accessible was your experience hi thank
you for having me on the show um I do
believe there's always opportunity for
accessibility in my case I do have a
physical disability I use a scooter in a
wheelchair and I do think when it comes
to this panel's obviously there's always
the unknown there are things that are
not being asked previously that we
already gave a feedback to the people at
South by Southwest but I haven't said
something about it's it's natural the
people don't know when you have to ask
and people are always usually afraid to
ask about if you have a disability what
ways can I help you to have the same
opportunities from a panel to you know
other big ones like education access to
entertainment concerts whatever so I I
do think we have we still do you have a
big opportunity there but also if I
compare it to the accessibility that is
in my country particularly physical
disability or communication
accessibility yeah we we see the United
States that you're a step ahead but
obviously we're working on it so so
speaking of Mexico you started the
Mexican women movement and and your goal
is to change the way that people see
others with disability and pulled up the
Instagram page here on my screen why was
this important to you what's the message
behind this we created that Mexican
women with disabilities movement because
we saw that there was a lack of
representation or misguided
representation of what disability is and
particularly in issues that regard women
if we talk about the we don't have our
biggest issue I think worldwide and if
you can see it with the UN there and the
CRPD is that we don't have data so if we
don't have data then how are we supposed
to know
what are we going to make better right
mm-hmm we don't measure it so we
realized that there was a big
opportunity on subjects that matter with
violence against women and particularly
women with disabilities when it comes to
abuse domestic violence and lack of
education opportunity so we were like
okay we're not represented clearly in
what we consume that is pop culture if
you talk about a person with disability
you see in Mexico particularly at
Illinois all right you see a person with
you know in a wheelchair with the
chequered thing and on top and crying
because life is not good and then that's
how the pity and the charity culture of
disability grows because that's what
people know so we should represent
ourselves and and we've made this
movement for other women to empower
their themselves and tell their stories
and then start making these big changes
that we need to do particularly in
Mexico and Latin America mm-hmm so when
we are talking about making things more
inclusive Kareem you both of you
actually do this work and Erin you
specifically work with matching people
with technology that will help them live
their best lives talk to us about that
exactly thank you um thank you for
having me here so I work at the Maryland
technology Assistance Program we have a
loan library of assistive technology and
our goal is to educate people make them
aware of the technology that's available
to them individuals with disabilities
can come visit us and try different
pieces of technology we use something
called the sett framework to evaluate
what could be the best options for
someone to try a CTT ass-first student
the individual themselves we want to
learn what are they able to do what are
they having trouble with he is for the
environment we want to pick a solution
that will work for whatever sorry
environment that they're in the first
tee is for the task what specifically
are they trying to accomplish the second
tee is for the tool or technology that
will it be so I pulled up on my screen
here a picture of what your library
looks like you can see it here if you
it's a small picture but there's a lot
of stuff here so what are some described
what some of the tools and the
technologies that you offer to people
great so we have technology in many
categories our communication devices
thanks for people who are blind or
hard-of-hearing we've got things for
computer access for people with physical
disabilities we serve all ages all types
of disabilities our program specifically
serves Maryland but we are a tech hack
project which actually exists in every
state in the United States as well as
the territories so there are 56 of these
programs that are very similar where we
demonstrate assistive technology people
can borrow the technology and try it out
in their own environment for four weeks
at a time to see is it going to work or
not without having to put forward the
investment for something that might not
work out well I wanted to bring in a
comment from a member of our community
this is shay rosemond and she's the
founder of something called on board I
will have her tell you what it is have a
look on board is a passenger check-in
system for paratransit riders in New
York City
using a smartphone app and other
technologies we enable riders to record
and verify information about their trip
like pick-up and drop-off times we then
publish and share that information with
community organizers and transit
advocates to enable them to better do
their work this solution was developed
pretty specifically to address the
challenges that New York City
paratransit faces when it comes to
timeliness and reliability ultimately
though we'd like to use the data we
collect to develop more advanced routing
algorithms that could certainly have
implications for riders and other cities
so that is one example and I wonder if
technology like that could lead to
things like this this is a tab I have
open on my computer this is from the
Guardian website
what would a truly disabled accessible
city look like Corrine do you think that
technology like that is the way of the
future is it coming absolutely I mean
there's some really exciting
possibilities out there you know the
self-driving cars are coming and if we
can build and design them now
way that we're thinking about the needs
of all people that want to use them for
example we'd want wheelchair ramps and
lifts and that sort of thing included
the ability to not just have a
touchscreen but also maybe I think about
how you would use your voice like voice
commands all of that can you know come
up with so what's interesting about the
work that you do Corrine and I found it
interesting just in our meeting ahead of
this show is that you work to increase
the employment rate of people with
disabilities and one aspect that people
don't often think about is the
application online talk to us about that
absolutely so job applications are a
huge issue right now because some so
many of them have moved online and for
people with disabilities this can be a
real problem if the job applications
themselves are not accessible to use we
did a survey a few years ago nationwide
of people with disabilities asking them
what their experience applying to a job
when last year was like we found that
46% had difficulty completing the
application which is huge and actually
other numbers we've seen suggest that
number could be even higher especially
since ours was a web survey that assumes
probably more tech-savvy people so
that's a big problem because it means
that a lot of candidates aren't even
being considered for you know really an
artificial barrier I mean technology
should be all about taking down barriers
unlike that so I wanted to share this
tweet we got from Nancy khawaja she says
the impact of accessible tech on
inclusion for people with disabilities
is powerful accessible acceptable and
inclusive tech allows each of us to be a
true part of community accessible on its
own is not enough it must be inclusive
and as a person with a disability my
accessible tech looks just like your
watts or she's showing us it really it
is tech that we're already using that
could just be made more accessible Mary
uncle I wanted to go back to you because
I know that you had a
for haben yes I was
I'm such a fan of heaven since a long
while ago and I was at South by so I can
actually see her but I wanted to ask how
do you think is it that we can actually
start changing the conversation about
accessibility worldwide to make it like
in a brig or bigger brats like a bigger
scope accessibility as we've all said
before it's a basically a human right
that's that allows us to have the same
opportunity so how can we make it like a
bigger broader conversation as in a
rhetorical messy of the question please
sorry so can you Mary Ann go can you sum
up your question in just one sentence
yeah how can we make accessibility a
subject that is talk more about liking a
bigger and broader scope so having the
question is how to make this a bigger
conversation taking the topic of
accessibility and broadening it out
we can often a great strategy for
getting people engaged is to frame the
issue in matters they're interested in
so a lot of companies and organizations
are interested in money so if we could
frame the issue around money and explain
how accessibility investing and
accessibility can drive revenue that can
get people more excited about
accessibility so some of the things to
keep in mind is it's a large market 1.3
billion people so you get more customers
in the long run also you avoid
litigation litigation is very expensive
and within the United States and many
other countries there are laws requiring
companies and organizations to ensure
services are accessible to people with
disabilities
so you benefit in the long run and it
increases revenue in business when you
make it accessible so framing it around
business interests for entities that are
interested in business is a good
argument to use to get more people
excited and to get them to stop thinking
about charity Mary Ann go is there one
thing that you would want our community
watching today's show to take away from
this conversation definitely as us
having said I do believe we have to
celebrate our differences in our debates
diversity even more because that's what
makes us everyone of us interesting so
accessibility is our way to actually
celebrate our talents and not our
limitations basically well said I'll
give the very last word to someone on
Twitter Nancy khawaja says we live in an
incredible time of innovation the more
we build and design with everyone in
mind the less we require accessibility
that's all the time we have for today's
show thanks to all of the guests this
week who joined us here in DC and from
South by Southwest in Austin
sis you can you do need to follow along
with all of these stories using our
hashtag a J stream we'll see you next
time
