across the United States students left
their classrooms in droves from the east
coast to the west this was a mass
protest by a generation calling for gun
reform on the Capitol lawn in Washington
activists laid out thousands of shoes
each pair represents a child killed by
gun violence in New York the sentiments
of many reflect the pain and jawed by
those in Florida that is why it is
important for us to stand here today to
show that gun control isn't a suggestion
but a demand from the American people
the protests lasted 17 minutes one for
each of the victims that were killed a
month ago some TV networks followed suit
paying tribute to those that died got a
lot of scores around the country doing
it just based off what we've been doing
so I think if we can keep Deming went
and we can really start change
prosecutors in Florida are now seeking
the death penalty for the alleged
shooter Nicholas Cruz but more than
anything else these students are
determined to campaign for change no
matter how long it takes they demand a
difference and they're not going to stop
until they have that difference start
seeing politicians realize that they
need to make a difference if they want
to stay in office in Congress hearings
into the aftermath of the Parkland
shooting continued on the streets
demands for gun reform grow if there is
a message from the students of the
Marjory Stoneman Douglas high school
it's one of hope and remembrance they
will continue to honor their friends
that they lost one month ago but they
will also continue to campaign for
change this is the voice of a new
generation and agaric raja zero parkland
Florida
