as a frail old man Oscar gurning fought
to avoid jail through the courts it was
a legal battle the convicted SS criminal
would lose but by dying before his
sentence could start learning escaped
punishment years earlier he'd said he
was just a cog in the Auschwitz machine
judges ruled otherwise learning was
stationed in the part of the camp that
dealt with the valuable stolen from
victims of the Holocaust mountains of
glasses gold teeth and many millions of
dollars worth of foreign currency were
taken learnings job was to collect the
cash and deliver it to his superiors in
Berlin at his trial several survivors
were present people like Haiti born as a
teenager she lived through Auschwitz but
her parents were killed there Haidee
said learning's case must serve as a
warning for future generations justice
is there and it's going to be served and
those who commit crimes today must know
they will be held responsible in the
future in recent years
Germany has tried to prosecute the
handful of surviving former SS members
from Auschwitz
perhaps because as many as 90% of the
perpetrators were never prosecuted after
the war modern democratic Germany has
built many monuments to the victims of
its Nazi predecessor and it commemorates
them also in some more simple ways such
as these which are called shellfish
Steiner or stumbling stones brass
plaques marking the names of the victims
and where they were killed here the T
hawa family are remembered they perished
at Auschwitz another of the survivors of
the camp was Ava Moses Kor she met
clearning at his trial and after news of
his death emerged she took to Twitter to
state how he had validated her testimony
and had denounced the regime which
named so many lives Dominic Kane
al-jazeera Berlin
