it isn't a surprise given the fact that
there has been tension between these two
men for months there's certainly been
rumors for quite a long time going back
to last summer even when we saw Rex
Tillerson having to come out before the
media to deny that he had called the
president a moron in public or rather in
a public setting a sort of a closed-door
meeting so certainly it's been since
that time that there has been this kind
of differing approach to foreign policy
I think most notably when we saw the
announcement and the acceptance of
Donald Trump where he said he would meet
with the North Korean leader Kim jong-un
and it seemed to catch Rex Tillerson the
former now Secretary of State who was on
a trip in Africa by surprise really just
showed the sort of vast difference of
opinion a distance between these two men
and then most notably we saw it just
yesterday when we saw Rex Tillerson very
strongly pointing at Russia for that UK
nerve agent attack but seeing the White
House taking a very different approach
that it was very clear that the
president did not see Rex Tillerson
who's someone who is representative of
his views and now we have on Twitter the
president confirming this just 10
minutes ago saying Mike Pompeo director
of the CIA CIA will now become the new
Secretary of State now who will replace
Mike Pompeo is now will be the first
woman to head that spy agency Gina HAP's
tell her hospital whether she was the
second in command and this is also
significant because this is someone that
really the president seems to have
trusted he's had intelligence briefings
from not only Mike Pompeo but also this
this woman as well that will be now
leading this spy agency so this is
certainly a significant shake-up one
that we didn't see coming per se today
but certainly that we saw some signals
was in the works and this of course
comes at a critical time if ever there
was at a time when the u.s. the State
Department one would imagine would be
embarking upon preparations for this
amazing meeting that is due to take
place
between the sitting US president and a
leader of North Korea for the very first
time in history at a time when they the
the State Department is lacking in many
heads of of departments and now they're
going to have a new head of the entire
department who's just switched over from
from domestic policy well Martina I
think you hit the point exactly on the
head in terms of why I think this might
be happening now this is an attempt by
this White House to try and solidify in
advance of what they see as the
opportunity of a lifetime that they
don't want to see squandered it may have
come about rather quickly in terms of
the South Korean envoy's going to the
White House the president accepting the
invitation and now this sort of imminent
plan for a meeting date and time still
to be determined between Donald Trump
and Kim jong-un but there is a
recognition from the Trump
administration as a whole those who are
very experienced in this type of
diplomacy that there needs to be the
pieces on the ground and I can tell you
the Donald Trump has an awful lot of
faith in Mike Pompeo that's been known
for some time he's already been
confirmed by the Senate once so it will
be likely an easy confirmation to slide
him over as Secretary of State so I
think that's what you're seeing here
right now is this recognition this is a
pivotal moment they need the pieces in
place and they didn't have the faith in
Rex Tillerson in order to move forward
on that let's roll back just a couple of
days Kimberly because throughout this
entire Africa trip Rex Tillerson has
looked awkward and uncomfortable and in
fact he wasn't very well was he his
health apparently took a turn for the
worse and he was receiving the news of
this policy at this massive policy
announcement along with the rest of the
world there didn't seem to be any kind
of inside track that he was part of
right two points to your question there
let's start with the health issues
certainly this has been a quiet rumor in
Washington for some time that there have
been discussions that perhaps he had
some sort of diagnosis this has not made
public but there was this recognition
that perhaps he was dealing with
something that he seemed to stumble upon
once he was in the role
and wanted to carry out his duties serve
his country and so continued to soldier
on
but perhaps the time we not being the
greatest that's number one number two
you're right
there's no question that it seemed that
he was on the outside in terms of Donald
Trump and his his sort of foreign policy
strategy if you will what I do know from
covering this White House now for more
than a year is that Donald Trump's
circle of people that he talks to that
he confides in is very small he keeps a
very close-knit group of those that
surround him and advise him and it
really made it impossible for Rex
Tillerson at times to penetrate as well
you have to remember that they're very
different men in terms of their
management styles Donald Trump works in
chaos he thrives in chaos he gets energy
from chaos and so he likes to keep a
kind of active State this was not how
Rex Tillerson operates I can tell you
from people that have worked with him
he's very methodical he likes to have
things organized and laid out and the
two management styles the to just simply
clashed and so as a result this is what
we're seeing now this manifesting itself
in the announcement that was first
broken by The Washington Post now
confirmed by Donald Trump himself on
Twitter the fact that he has replaced
Rex Tillerson something we expected to
happen but didn't know when now being
replaced with Mike Pompeo and now we
will have the first woman if confirmed
to head up the CIA but I'm just thinking
in this year just over a year in which
President Trump is occupied the White
House there has been such a high
turnover in terms of his his staff
there's been a high turnover but we've
seen it before I think that there is
this perception among many especially
younger people who haven't seen this
before and now I'm dating myself but
I've been covering Washington for two
decades and I can tell you we did see
this in early on in the Clinton
administration which I came in on the
tail end of it's not unusual for an
insurgent candidate it's disturbing but
many people felt there was a need to
shake up Washington for better or worse
I think there is still some optimism at
the back
side of this that the country might have
worked out some of the stagnation that
existed but yes you're right this is a
white house that is functioning kind of
with half its staff at many times we've
seen no question and this year a record
number of people departing for various
reasons whether it be security
clearances whether it be the fact that
they simply weren't qualified or they
couldn't take the kind of atmosphere and
management style that Donald Trump seems
to conduct it's an intense place you can
feel it with a minute you walk in but we
have seen this before and historically
this has happened before but we haven't
had it in modern history so yes this
does complicate some of the things that
we're dealing with right now
particularly as you pointed out North
Korea that is a top priority for this
administration they want to do it right
and that's why I think we're seeing this
surprise today departure of Rex
Tillerson being replaced Mike Mike
Pompeo the now former CIA director
all right Kimberly let's just have a
little look back then at who Rex
Tillerson was is actually but he was in
office as Secretary of State for just
over 13 months he had no diplomatic
experience in in the past I mean you'll
remember there he'd spent his entire
career as an engineer and he was the CEO
of Exxon before becoming Secretary of
State that of course is an enormous oil
company over the past year he has worked
to navigate growing tensions between the
u.s. and North Korea he's tried
unsuccessfully as it turns out to
resolve the diplomatic crisis between
Qatar and its neighbors in the Gulf and
most recently as we've just mentioned
mr. Tillerson was in Kenya but he kept
his Africa tour short on Monday he cited
pressing issues in Washington and
Kimberly one can only imagine that those
pressing issues in Washington was this
North Korea torpedo coming out of the
blue when he was standing there in front
of in front of the gathered press and
just learned of this this meeting with
Kim jong-un we can only imagine it was
that
I think it was that and also the
Washington Post who broke the story here
in the United States is reporting that
in fact it was Friday when Donald Trump
let Rex Tillerson know that he would be
leaving his post and that is another
reason that that in fact was a trip cut
short that he returned to Washington at
that point so it's it it looks from all
appearances that this has been in the
works for many days over the weekend but
there's no question that that might have
been well we don't know the full details
yet and we'll certainly try to find out
that may have been the straw that broke
the camel's back for for a Rex Tillerson
the fact that he was left out of such an
important policy decision I can tell you
that it wasn't a calculated one here in
Washington in terms of of how that
meeting between Kim jong-un and Donald
Trump was organized in fact it wasn't
planned at all it wasn't on the schedule
but perhaps Rex Tillerson felt that that
he just should have been consulted we
don't know what happened whether he said
I'm done or whether the president said
you're done but what I can tell you from
that meeting is it was very much an
unexpected one when we saw that
transpire on Thursday with the South
Korean and Voice visiting the White
House they weren't scheduled to meet the
president in fact the president learned
they were on the campus he invited them
into the Oval Office and that is where
the invitation from the North Korean
leader was extended to Donald Trump
where I'm told he immediately accepted
so things moved very very quickly in
terms of the fact that that meeting is
now going to take place we believe
between the North Korean leader and
Donald Trump but again looking at it
from the outside from a person who's had
a fair amount of animosity between
Donald Trump and the Secretary of State
Rex Tillerson you can see why that might
be something that would be the final
straw for someone who had already had
extreme tensions indeed and throughout
the entire term so far the State
Department has constantly felt out of
step with the White House and in fact
many many wondered where where foreign
policy was actually being hatched was it
being hatched in in the Oval Office or
was it coming
from the State Department I'm just
wondering how Mike Pompeo who as you've
already outlined is is he's a he's a
trumpet he's very close to the president
perhaps will work more smoothly with the
style of the president but he's going to
have to get used to the fact that policy
foreign policy at least is it seems to
be made on the hoof it's made up on the
fly right this Mike Pompeo may be one of
the people though that can kind of rein
in the president he certainly respects
him and he's certainly respected on
Capitol Hill having served served there
for many years prior to his post at the
CIA so so this may be a good management
decision
we'll have to see there's no question
Rex Tillerson was frustrated that many
of the appointments that he needed in
order to do his job were being
micromanaged by the White House it
wasn't just as the White House blames
the the Senate or the the US Congress
for holding up some of these
appointments but we're told that it was
the White House itself that seemed to
want to micromanage the Secretary of
State and all of his actions within that
department that certainly paralyzed his
ability to do his job certainly the
president has been very happy with the
way Mike Pompeo has run the CIA up to
this point we are told that he enjoys
the briefings that are delivered by Mike
Pompeo these are things that happen
daily at the White House there is always
if you look at the president's schedule
the president receives a daily
intelligence briefing so we're told that
often that he requested that Mike Pompeo
deliver it himself
this is someone the president trust this
is certainly someone that you need
heading up a post like the State
Department it's expected that he will be
easily confirmed by the Senate given the
fact that it's happened once already so
certainly it appears again that this is
a White House that recognizes when it
comes to North Korea there is an
imminent meeting that could break
history could make history there's only
one opportunity to do it right and it
appears that they are now putting the
pieces in place in order to achieve that
all right for now Kimberly thanks very
much for that
