Spike's tactical and Central Florida has
been making guns for almost 20 years
here the right to bear arms is more than
just part of the US Constitution it's a
way of life the business specializes in
making variants of the ar-15 a weapon
the National Rifle Association calls
America's most popular rifle these are
all variants of the ar-15 it was used in
the Marjory Stoneman Douglas high school
shooting in parkland but for gun rights
advocates weapons on the issue I don't
know why it took till this one for
people to start talking and I do think
that that the discussion needs to happen
I just think it's going in the wrong
direction the the problem obviously is
not guns the problem is people on Friday
Florida's Governor Rick Scott signed a
raft of new gun laws they include
raising the minimum age for buying
rifles to 21 and allowing some teachers
to be armed I'm a business person my job
was when when something went wrong go
make something happen go try to do
everything you can to prevent it again I
mean you you know you can't prevent
everything from happening the world but
gosh show weapon trying to try to fix it
that's what we try to do here your time
is running out the new laws are being
challenged by the National Rifle
Association which says they're
unconstitutional gunsmith Bob Roebuck
like many gun rights advocates says the
focus should be on other things we
should be worried about mental health
issues and not worry about gun control
but who has guns you know again if
you're mentally unstable you know I
don't think you should have a gun in the
week since the Parkland High School
shooting the gun debate in this country
has led to some changes the new laws
here in Florida were unthinkable before
seventeen people were killed and
reflects a shift in public opinion but
the right to bear arms remains a
divisive issue here and that's not
likely to change anytime soon and the
Gallacher al jazeera Miami Florida
