America has a problem the divide between
those with the least and those with the
most is growing and the gap is just
getting wider the economy is doing well
but wages are not rising that statistic
might soon see a bump one of America's
largest employers Amazon has announced
that everyone who helps send these
smiling boxes around the country will
soon be paid more at a minimum
$15 an hour more than double the
national minimum wage it's not cheap
it's going to cost them a billion
dollars I think per year it's not that
they're able to raise prices or pass
that through to customers this is
something their shareholders are going
to fund but I think that a lot of Amazon
shareholders think this is the right
thing to do
that's what Amazon said was behind the
move it was the right thing to do
but it's also facing a lot of criticism
in large part because of its founder
Jeff Bezos he is the richest man in the
world worth one hundred and sixty five
billion dollars breaking that down he
makes about two hundred and seventy five
million dollars each and every day and
Amazon is hugely profitable in the
second quarter of this year it had a
profit of 2.5 billion dollars so it can
afford the raises and was low in
employment it might have to pay more to
get in enough workers to move their
merchandise still the race is being
praised by Amazon's toughest critics
what mr. Bezos today has done is not
only enormous ly important for Amazon's
hundreds of thousands of employees it
could well be and I think it will be a
shot heard around the world
not every economist thinks paying
workers more will actually help decrease
income inequality on the one hand yes
workers in Amazon will benefit from this
this increase in basic pay but in the
longer term Amazon is exactly the type
of company which we'd imagine would
invest in automation and it'd be much
more difficult for other companies
traditional retailers to match this kind
of offer America can often seem like two
different countries divided between the
haves and have-nots economists will be
watching to see if
Zhaan's move does anything to heal the
divide patty Colleen al-jazeera
Washington
