moani's packed the streets of Srinagar
it's a familiar scene in
indian-administered Kashmir people
caught between a government crackdown
and an armed rebellion which is lasted
for nearly 30 years
India accuses Pakistan of provoking the
uprising government leaders in Islamabad
denies stirring unrest against the
Indian rule this time some Kashmiri
are mourning the killing of three
suspected rebel fighters in a gun battle
with Indian troops police say they
retaliated after coming under fire
during a raid on a village in unentered
district two of the three men killed
have been identified as engineering
students police say became rebel
fighters the other hasn't been
identified angry protesters poured into
the streets on news of their deaths
street battles were fought with stones
and teargas
the government ordered schools and
colleges to shut to prevent more
violence India is committing atrocities
on us
India is violating the chasity of our
sisters which we condemn in strong words
they're blinding us repellents we don't
want anything from anyone we just only
want freedom
last week police killed four people and
two suspected fighters at a military
checkpoint soldiers were accused of
indiscriminate shooting Indian troops
are protected from prosecution by a
controversial law in India and mr.
Kashmir human rights activists have
routinely accused them of misusing that
power Priyanka Gupta al-jazeera
