another government's attempt to reduce
Jakarta's famous traffic jams every
weekday from 6:00 to 9:00 a.m. and up an
even license plate system will take
effect here on the toll road it's a
system that has been used already in the
city as well and has now been extended
to the suburbs it's easy to remember
because on the odd days an odd number
plate is allowed to enter here the toll
road and on the even days only even
numbers and if someone tries to enter
the toll road with the wrong number
there will be no mercy and he will
immediately be sent back for those who
are not allowed to enter the toll road
the government has prepared these buses
twelve buses have already left this
morning so the government not only want
to reduce traffic but also wants to
change the mindset of people who are
still taking the car to go to work only
20% of people in Jakarta are using
public transport let's now see how keen
people are to take the bus I take the
bus every day already so I'm not getting
tired being stuck in traffic in the bus
I can sleep and wake up when I arrive
the government aims to reduce traffic
here by 25% from around 8,000 cars a day
to around 6,000 and it also wants to
increase the speed the car can drive
here from around 25 kilometres an hour
to 45 but now we are already hitting 70
kilometers an hour so we're doing pretty
well but a lot of people fear that the
traffic jams just move elsewhere and
this is a situation closer to the city a
recent study has found that people in
Jakarta spend an average of 22 days a
year just simply being stuck in traffic
this not only causes major air pollution
but also caused the economy around five
billion US dollars a year
