welcome to the school of hard knocks
clotheslines are on the curriculum along
with technical holds on the map but
trainees at the Cather Pro Wrestling
Academy aren't just picking up the moves
they're also learning to take them
safely
both travelers work together to put on a
show that mixes sport with dramatic
storytelling the aim isn't to win but to
entertain the crowd and that means you
have to rely on your opponent to keep
you safe from injury the school is the
first of its kind in the Middle East in
the past aspiring wrestlers would have
to go to the US or the UK but now they
have an opportunity that's closer to
home the students say they're committed
and those who aren't serious don't last
long boys came here because they just
believe that first thing is fake
everything is fake 100% do you think
that we go to teaching how to act not
have to wrestle so when we give them the
first lesson it's if they can bomb on
the ring they change their mind
professional wrestling already has deep
roots in the US the UK Japan and Mexico
but its rise here in the Middle East
comes a time when the industry is truly
going global with market leader World
Wrestling Entertainment setting its
sights on the region WWE airs in more
than 180 countries in 20 different
languages the company rakes in over 800
million dollars a year and the Middle
East is its latest target for expansion
American wrestling shows usually portray
Arab wrestlers as bad guys but going
global could be challenging old
stereotypes because
there will be start you visiting me the
least not like before so if you're going
to for example to so there we are to
Qatar to bring the W there you should
have a good guy out of the good guys
this man has amazed qpw regularly flies
in foreign stars for shows in Cather
some of the Academy students might soon
be ready for a spot on the card but for
now they'll battle it out in the gym
getting ready for their chance to
perform in front of the big crowds
Vinson Monahan al Jazeera Doha
