usually we start by covering the news
coverage of a story that's still
breaking sometimes though it's worth
waiting for a story to play out then
examining what's been reported in the
aftermath that school shooting in
Florida happened more than three weeks
ago 17 dead 14 of them students unlike
some previous school shootings in the
u.s. the survivors did not shy away from
the cameras they went looking for them
the teenagers used the plentiful air
time they got to push for tougher gun
control laws and they found themselves
taking on not just politicians but one
of the most potent lobby groups around
the National Rifle Association the NRA
and as the attention of the mainstream
news media turned elsewhere as it always
does the argument goes on the students
along with gun control advocates
slugging it out with the NRA and its
backers our starting point this week is
the media space in which most of this
fight is now being waged online
I'm a mom and just like millions of
other women that's why I own guns NRA TV
isn't necessarily hugely popular crap
fight this violence of Lies with a
clenched fist truth but when they do put
out a message fighting for every inch of
our freedom it is so good we demand
freedom to defend our families i watch
those videos but by the end of it I'm
like I need to go get me a gun right
that's the idea NRA TV wants more
Americans to buy guns it goes after
those who stand in their way
and that the channel would have you
believe includes the US mainstream news
media the mainstream media love mashing
knees this video posted seven days after
the massacre in Florida did not target
politicians or activists advocating gun
control it was devoted in its entirety
to the way the news media covered the
issue the mainstream media just put out
the casting call for the next mass
shooter well as a conservative who has
spent much of my career contending the
liberal mainstream news media in this
country I think that philosophically the
NRA is right to do it now do they overdo
it
probably so tragedy is their business
model mainly because when you don't like
the message you attack the messenger to
those who stain honest reporting with
partisanship it plays very well it is
red-meat to the conservative base that's
in the NRA s interest to convince their
user base that the mainstream media
can't be trusted the hatred the
pettiness the
newse we are done with your agenda to
undermine voters will because if their
users mistrust the mainstream media
they're going to be more likely to
listen to NRA as a source for their news
the first mass school shooting of the
modern era in Columbine Colorado took
place in 1999 since then the set peace
coverage has developed along lines like
these the mainstream media provide
initial wall-to-wall reporting while
endeavoring they promise to respect the
wishes of the bereaved the identity of
the perpetrator is revealed their social
media accounts scoured for motives and
ideologies the gun control debate rises
to the top of the news agenda
temporarily and American legislators
scores of who accept donations from the
NRA offered tweeted thoughts and prayers
as opposed the meaningful change as the
story recedes from you this time around
however there were some wildcards in the
mass surviving students who through
their savvy communication skills and
social media accounts made their voices
heard and drove the news coverage in a
way that no one at Columbine could back
in the day these are students that were
raised with the expectation that a mass
shooting could happen to them they have
watched other shootings happen on TV
they have grown up with this as a real
possibility in a way that in 1999 was
not the case so they responded in a much
different way is something that they
have studied and thought about so when
it happened to them they were ready to
speak and they were prepared to speak
the kids nowadays have practice in
performing to wider audiences we they on
social media constantly they know
exactly how to talk to wider audiences
exactly how much they have to be
informed in order to talk to wider
audiences so it's something that most of
us don't actually know how to do and I
think that played a huge part in this I
mean these kids at the end of the day
that the shooting happened had already
mobilized an entire movement and that's
something that we've never seen before
certainly seen people advocate for gun
control and no stronger regulatory
measures in the past but to have it done
so outspokenly by survivors in such an
immediate way hasn't really happened
the students propelled themselves into a
position of prominence and landed on a
national stage a CNN Town Hall debate on
the issue of gun control critics on the
right accused CNN of exploiting the
students saying the time was not right
the wounds were still too fresh to talk
about gun control an argument somewhat
akin to saying that after a terror
attack news outlets should not discuss
national security
CNN doing the television Town Hall and
providing a forum for the students was
absolutely not exploitation I really am
bothered by the notion that students
advocating for their own right to safety
in the school is exploitation senator
Rubio can you tell me right now that you
will not accept a single donation from
the NRA it was a staggering moment of
television where you had politicians who
take NRA money like Marco Rubio and you
had the NRA spokesperson dana loesch
actually have to face student survivors
in real time on television conspiracy
theories born on the internet one of
which suggested some of the students
were imposters actors infiltrating the
story made their way onto mainstream
right-wing outlets like Fox News and the
allegation has been that they are in
some way in contact with organized
anti-gun groups in the exploitation by
the liberal media outright fraud on the
part of some students conspiracy
theories were offered on the both part
of the students power is
that they are young that they
experienced this firsthand it gives them
a moral authority and the best way to
undercut that is by undermining their
credibility there's been all kinds of
conspiracy theories they've doctored
yearbooks to make it seem like the
students don't actually go to Marjory
Stoneman Douglas high school that they
go to another school there was a theory
floated that one of the students David
Hogg was actually a 26 year old felon
from California and this narrative made
it onto Fox News in fact this narrative
made it onto fox news several times to
the point that other outlets like CNN
and MSNBC had to talk about this
conspiracy these people saying this is
absolutely disturbing and I'm not an
actor in any sense way shape or form
I would say if you're able to make it on
to the three biggest cable networks and
nets in US television your conspiracy
theory is mildly wildly successful now
this is just crazy it's absolutely nuts
there's no logic nor evidence to support
it but that unfortunately doesn't seem
to matter in this very strange world
we're now living in because people will
believe whatever they want to believe
and it certainly doesn't matter to the
media outlet who is selling the
conspiracy theory and it was an
indication of just how broken our news
media in this country is especially when
it comes to partisan outlets like Fox
News Channel or others that try to
emulate being Fox News Channel on the
Internet so where does the story go from
here probably nowhere it does what all
school shooting stories have done with
NRA TV chipping away at the credibility
of the liberal media with every
broadcast conspiracy theorists selling
their wares in the right-wing bubble and
a little help from Fox News and a few
others the story just fades away
their social media skills and powers of
persuasion served the students well
extending the story's lifespan and
likely changing the template of the
coverage of such tragedies in the future
what they haven't changed is the outcome
maybe next time
