Edouard GU knows too well that victory
doesn't guarantee his place on the
Legislative Council the former professor
won in the 2016 elections and while
being sworn in he added a phrase saying
he would fight for universal suffrage
after a year in office the Beijing
government reinterpreted Hong Kong's
Constitution to deem him ineligible
because of that this time he promises
his supporters he has a plan I am
arranging to join the United Nations
meeting in the end of this years which
we'll discuss about the political rights
of Hong Kong people since the 2014
pro-democracy demonstrations known as
the umbrella movement Beijing has
tightened its grip on the city we still
care about these elections to replace
for ousted legislative councillors are
divided along very clear lines the
candidates are either pro Beijing or
pro-democracy
and this is the other camp rallying
supporters in front of the government
headquarters the pro-beijing parties the
main of them is the stabilized Hong Kong
government so I support them these are
the government's preferred candidates if
they win the opposition will not have
the numbers in Parliament to block belts
or question Beijing's actions but many
here believe these candidates will help
the city run smoothly politics it's a
kind of analysts say this vote is mostly
symbolic a victory for the pro-democracy
candidates would be an expression of
frustration at Beijing increasing
interference in Hong Kong's affairs
former colonies Macau and Hong Kong are
the only territories in China where the
public can directly vote for their
government but many here say with
Beijing becoming more intrusive and
pushing for more integration with the
rest of China voting is increasingly
regarded as something that matters less
and less the big apollon al jazeera Hong
Kong
