the honors for those who died in last
week's attack most killed were soldiers
Burkina Faso is in mourning still in
shock this is a moment of incredible
sadness for us
my brother-in-law went to the Army
Headquarters to run an errand he was a
bit late and the attackers took his life
his body was so wounded he was
unrecognizable 9 the armed men drove a
car full of explosives undetected
through rush-hour traffic to the most
secured areas of the capital the French
Embassy and Army Headquarters the car
bomb took Burkina Faso security forces
by surprise overrun in overpowered the
French Special Forces who have a base in
the capital intervened and killed the
attackers investigators say the target
was a scheduled meeting of the army
chief of staff of five civilian
countries part of a multinational force
led by France to push rebel groups out
of the region on a visit to Britain a
fossa the forces coordinating country
new share vowed to hunt down the group
responsible for the attack we know that
terrorists and their accomplices seek to
and do our alliance they say they are
foreign forces but they are allies
fighting a common enemy eight men in the
capital were arrested after a rebel
group operating in Vesta hell claimed
responsibility for the attack news that
men are not foreigners but a mix of
active and former soldiers surprised
many here but not all the attack came 48
hours after the start of the trial of
general gen Derry the former head of the
presidential guards orchestrated a
failed coup attempt in 2015 since then
many of his soldiers have been fired
gender and his men negotiated with rebel
groups on behalf of Western countries he
was key to the release of European
hostages since his arrest attacks have
multiplied killing hundreds of people
these soldiers on the front line of an
expanding war
with what now seems like an enemy within
their midst
Nikolas honk aljazeera wakka Doo goo
