anga Spencer goes to a British School in
Doha and never imagined that he and his
friends would be caught up in a
political dispute between on one side
Saudi Arabia Egypt Bahrain and the
United Arab Emirates and on the other
Qatar but that's been the case since
organizers blocked him and hundreds of
others from competing in a major school
sports event in Dubai this weekend
teachers dismayed by the decision have
organized the Qatar Games as an
alternative students are competing in
basketball football athletics swimming
and other events exciting by like really
competitive Kady won a gold medal in the
team's swim event and says the standard
of competition is high I got to compete
with other people
and to swim with my friends the cattle
games is another example of how Qataris
as well as the more than two million
expats living here are adapting to the
challenges caused by the blockade that
said there is a certain amount of ink
rigidity here that countries blockading
Qatar are using children to score
political points it's also raised
questions about whether sport education
and politics should ever mix organizers
say that even if the Gulf diplomatic
dispute is eventually resolved the
cattle games will run every year from
now on you know I want to do so title
this games as I beat the blockade games
because we you know very much now out of
adversity comes opportunity and the
opportunity is here because essentially
because of the blockade and now that
it's happened once and it's been so
successful and I know it will continue
to be it will happen year after year
after year for children who'd set their
sights on competing in Dubai this
weekend the cattle games has ensured
that months of hard work has not gone to
waste
Victoria Gaytan be al jazeera Doha
