invite you to an agreement that's much
more than a deal to reduce tariffs in
the most dynamic region of the world
economy the comprehensive and
progressive trans-pacific partnership or
TPP 11 for short is in fact being hailed
as an antidote to the increasingly
protectionist policies of the United
States but you have collectively
achieved today constitute a clear
message that we stand behind of markets
and trade liberalization many thought
the TPP was finished after President
Donald Trump pulled out of the deal at
his predecessor Barack Obama believed
would offset China's growing economic
and geopolitical power but spurred by
Japan the remaining countries forged
ahead regardless leaving the u.s. on the
sidelines the new revised agreement
includes 11 countries that together
account from within 500 million people
and more than 13% of global GDP with the
u.s. it would have been 40 percent but
other countries like Taiwan South Korea
the Philippines and even the UK post
brexit could also join the pact now but
there are critics demonstrators gathered
in front of the treaty venue saying that
the deal was negotiated in secret and
that it will favor corporations at the
expense of workers and small businesses
a charge Canada's Commerce Minister
refutes it is the first trade agreement
in the world where you have a dedicated
chapter on small and medium sized
businesses the timing of the signing
ceremony is significant just one day
after the European Union and the IMF
warned President Trump against
unleashing a trade war if he slaps
duties on steel and aluminium imports
he as a turning point in u.s. global
leadership or lack of the US Treasury
secretary is now saying that he's in
discussions to consider me joining the
TPP but the new version of the deal is
likely to be even less to Donald Trump's
liking stiff controls of intellectual
property rights to protect the u.s.
pharmaceutical industry for example have
been suspended along with 19 other
conflictive measures the treaty will go
into effect 60 days after six of the 11
signatories complete domestic legal
procedures turning the TPP plus 11 into
one of the world's three top trading
bloc's to see inhuman al Jazeera
Santiago
