the final assault began just before
nightfall on Wednesday less than 12
hours later the Free Syrian Army backed
by the Turks entered the city of
genderless doctors treated those caught
up in the fighting some too young to
fully understand why they were in pain
some truly to help the ticking of June
Daris is strategically important for the
Free Syrian Army and also the Turks
it gives them control of the higher
ground and also gives them control of
one of the main roads towards a foreign
city itself the final target speaking in
Vienna Turkey's foreign minister said
the operation against the Kurdish
militia the YPG called olive branch
should end by me now that we have passed
the critical stages mountainous areas
are captured the border control is
sustained we are moving towards a
foreigner of course when we get to our
friend we have to be even more careful
to avoid civilian casualties our aim our
target is the terrorists we are more
sensitive compared to anyone else when
it comes to humanitarian aid and
civilians genderless is the biggest town
that has fallen to the FSA backed by the
Turks
since this operation was launched in
January but before they can even
consider moving on from here they have
to take complete control of Jin Duras
first today first we targeted the town
of Jin Duras by artillery shells and
took full control of the town from YPG
fighters we've captured and killed a few
of their members and one of their
fighters blew himself up despite the
bravado they may not have complete
control yet sporadic fighting is
reported to be continuing in the town
the battle for a friend may not be as
quick or as straightforward
the Kurds are moving 1,700 fighters
across the country away from the battle
against ISIL onto the front lines for
the coming assault island Fischer al
Jazeera on the turkey-syria border
