the Muslim business owners here don't
need detectives to tell them who's
destroying their shops and homes
Buddhist nationalist groups have again
been exploiting long simmering
resentment among some ethnic Sinhalese
who think Muslims dominate the economy I
am see lankan this is my country
I'm a born here and I'm going to die
here the I don't know I am Sri Lankan
after that I don't know this guy this is
a simple simple incident but I am really
proud of my free lunches using social
media rumors of alleged Muslim
wrongdoing spread fast and angry groups
quickly formed before the mob came
through the military and the police told
the Muslims living here to get out so
they did when they came home and it was
all over they came back to this and many
of the people the living here have told
us that they've been left with the
impression
however right or wrong that the security
forces weren't interested in looking
after their property the local police
chief tells us they did everything they
could the government has sent troops
imposed a curfew and cut access to
social media with the coalition
administration led by Prime Minister
Ranil Wickremesinghe ax is politically
weak and some have accused it of not
doing enough to tackle rising
nationalism it's very difficult these
are very difficult questions to answer
because of the emotions involved it's
very easy to for somebody to give me
that that idea and play something in me
and then and get my emotions to run
right in me maybe in the future there
are maybe things that we can do better
so it's a it's a topic that we have to
discuss in the future 3/4 of Sri Lanka's
population is in alleys and
overwhelmingly Buddhist but nationalists
have promoted long-held fears that the
character of the island is under threat
first from British colonialism then
there was a 26-year civil war with
Tamils now it's Muslims they are
destroying a Buddhist sites and we
definitely cannot stand by us in ADIZ as
Buddhists and watch as that is happening
one or two temples have been targeted
but most victims of the violence are
Muslim the region of candy is vital to
Sri Lanka's multibillion-dollar tourist
industry but is under curfew
once again Burnett Smith al Jazeera
candy
