a very rare nerve agent that's what the
UK's interior minister says was used to
poison a former Russian spy and his
daughter it follows a number of
mysterious deaths in the UK in recent
years of people linked to Russia which
flatly denies any involvement so what
are the implications of this latest
attack this is inside story
hello welcome to the program I'm
Adrienne Finnegan the poisoning of
former Russian intelligence officer sir
gates cripple and his daughter Yulia
follows several mysterious deaths of
Russians in Britain many of them had
been living in the UK and had made
allegations against Russian President
Vladimir Putin or his country's security
services those allegations often
included state involvement in political
assassinations killings of civilians in
bombings and running multi-million
dollar corruption rackets alexander
litvinenko a former russian intelligence
officer who later worked with mi6 in the
UK died in November 2006 just weeks
after drinking tea that was poisoned
with radioactive polonium a British
public inquiry found that he was killed
by two Russian agents probably with the
approval of President Putin Russian
businessman Alexander Peres pillage knee
died in 2012 after collapsing while
jogging near his home in Surrey his
death was at first attributed to natural
causes but an autopsy later found traces
of poison in his stomach
he'd been investigating a huge
money-laundering scheme connected to
Russian officials and Boris Berezovsky a
former Russian billionaire and vocal
critic of President Putin was found dead
in his home near London in 2013 police
could not determine if he'd committed
suicide or was murdered while the
poisoning of the Russian father and
daughter comes at a time when Russian
relations with the UK and the West are
at their worst level since the end of
the Cold War in a moment we'll hear from
our guests but before we do let's find
out what's being said about this case in
Russia our Moscow correspondent Rory
challon's reports well the line from
both the Kremlin and the Russian
Ministry of Foreign Affairs is that this
is all an anti-russian media campaign
and that they have very little
information London has not actually
approached them yet for any assistance
in the matter the inevitable comparisons
with the poisoning to death the former
spy Alexander Litvinenko in London in
2006 well those have only been
strengthened by comments made by one of
the men wanted by UK authorities for
that murder now Andrey Lugovoy was
never extradited to face any charges in
Britain in fact he was made a member of
Parliament's here in Russia he says
their Britons suffer from phobias and
Watchers of Russian state TV have also
noticed a kind of nod nod wink wink
assitive to the coverage with the
suggestion being that being a traitor is
one of the most dangerous things you can
be and perhaps these people shouldn't
move to the UK clearly something's going
wrong there because there have been so
many strange cases recently with grave
outcomes that if this was a state hit
that's of course exactly the kind of
message that would be intended don't be
a traitor it can be fatal
all right let's bring in our guests for
today's program from London we're joined
by Bill Browder CEO and co-founder of
Hermitage Capital Management from
Brussels Annie Machon former mi5
intelligence officer and also in London
Samuel green director of the Russia
Institute at King's College London thank
you all for being with us
today's inside story bill let's start
with you what's your take on the scrip
aisle poisoning who might be responsible
how was it done
what was the motive well let's look at
the facts as we know them so far we have
a the mr. scrip all was an enemy of
Russia he was considered to be a traitor
by Putin after becoming a double agent
to the UK he he has been felled along
with his his 33 year old daughter with a
poison the poison has been determined to
be some type of chemical weapon a nerve
agent that so what is what what can we
conclude from this we can conclude that
that an enemy of Russia has been has
been poisoned with a nerve agent that
only a state could get his hands on and
therefore I would conclude on the basis
of this information that the highest
likelihood candidate for having done
this is the Russian Federation and
Vladimir Putin sorry I'm saying that the
highest probability theory is that
Vladimir Putin is behind this all right
bill you say the highest the highest
probability that is the Putin is behind
this could there be any any other way of
looking at it we've got a presidential
election coming up
days in in Russia could another state
actor or perhaps a a crime organization
who want to cause trouble for Putin have
been behind this I'm thinking if you
talk about state act as Ukraine for
instance well so first of all let's
let's talk about the the second theory
that somehow is mafia hit Mathia doesn't
have have have access to chemical
weapons the mafia also the Russian mafia
would be absolutely terrified to do
anything that would make Putin unhappy
because he's head of that mafia
organization and as far as Ukraine goes
I've never heard such a nonsense in my
life Ukraine wouldn't do something like
this this is a there's what they're
basically three countries that could do
this there was North Korea who has
chemical weapons and have used them it's
it's a Syria with Assad that has
chemical weapons and uses them and
Russia that has chemical weapons and
uses them those are the three countries
now this man wasn't an enemy to North
Korea he wasn't enemy to Syria he's an
enemy to Russia I mean he was living
quite openly in in the UK would he have
been protected by the security services
in the UK or have had any contact with
them I'm sure as he was a valued mi6
asset for over ten years that he would
have had contact there was someone we'd
certainly be someone still looking after
him
keeping an overview of this case however
I think we need to get the terminology
right here one he was not a double agent
he was a British agent who betrayed
Russia because he worked for mi6 and he
was paid to do that over a decade he was
caught by the Russian state in 2006 and
he was tried and he was convicted and
then sentenced to 13 years in prison the
only reason he was that back in the UK
is because he was part of a spy swap in
2010 I don't if you remember the the
sleeper organization allegedly that was
discovered in the USA including Anna
Chapman and they were swapped back to
Russia in return for for Western spies
and the skipper was crippled was one of
them so he was pardoned by Russia and he
was allowed to go free which would
indicate that they didn't feel that he
could do
any harm to the russian state once he
been handed over to the UK also in these
spy swaps mi6 as his handlers would have
spent weeks debriefing him as much they
could and then they would have given him
a pension and allowed him to live freely
in the UK which is precisely what we saw
so in terms of the Russian state seeing
him as an enemy I think they would see
him as a traitor sure but you know a
traitor that could do no more harm so I
think rather than look at his ancient
history what the intelligence agencies
in the UK now and the police in the UK
now will be doing is looking at his most
recent history over the last eight years
that he'd been living in the UK what
he's been working on who he's been
working with who his contacts are
because from that they would probably
find evidence or at least information
about who might have carried out this
attack at a very sensitive time in our
diplomatic relations with Russia that
there are media reports which which the
Russian embassy in the UK flatly deny is
that he was having monthly meetings at
the Russian embassy there are other
media reports that he'd become friendly
with a British security consultant who
worked for Christopher Steele the former
mi6 agent behind that the the Trump
dossier that makes alleged connections
between presidential candidate and
businessman Trump as he was then and and
and Russia and allegations of collusion
could that be anything to do with it was
was he really involved in something
quite murky it's difficult to tell I
mean certainly I saw the report in The
Times a couple of days ago that
suggested that he might have been one of
the sources used by Christopher Steele
in fully together what is now called the
dirty dossier on Donald Trump so that
would bring in other players potentially
either state-level or rogue state level
who might have an interest in the
outcome of this this man and his life so
I think you know at this point
immediately used to start jumping up and
down and say I must be Russia it must be
Russia I think he's in genuine at best
and actually further dangerous at quite
a sensitive time in diplomatic
relationships at worst
Samuel Greene why was cripple targeted
and by whom well I mean III think that
the reality is we don't know the
strength of the system that that we have
here in the UK is it's a rule of law
based system right so we I think we do
need to let this system
come up through an investigative process
with with information that clearly we
don't have and what what what bill
described at the outset it does seem to
point in a certain direction and really
almost everybody obviously who's looked
at this has has come to the to what
seems at the moment to be the logical
conclusion right that that that Russia
is the most like the candidate and yet
right we don't actually have any
evidence that's taking us in that
direction that that would ever stand up
in a in a court of law
to say nothing of sort of the court of
public opinion and and and and
diplomatic back-and-forth right so we
will learn things as we go you know
clearly we don't know missus creep well
unlike some people unloved between anko
before him all right you know it has has
kept his head down relatively speaking
at least and and so it is difficult to
really have to have anything other than
that a fairly wild speculation about now
what might have put him in the
crosshairs at this particular moment in
time all right we'll try not to
speculate too much then but okay what do
you make of the timing of this of this
incident I mean here we are just just
days away now from the Russian
presidential election which which
Vladimir Putin is is all but certain to
win right and I think broadly for that
reason I don't buy the argument that has
cropped up in some places that this was
done in order to to help shore up
Putin's electoral chances I mean the
reality is as you said he was not going
to have any difficulty in that race on
the 18th of March he has of course built
his campaign around as a central theme a
threat and confrontation with the West
the idea that given that that Russia for
all intents and purposes is at war with
the West on various fronts that this is
not the time to change your leadership
right but that message has been driven
home fairly quickly and really does not
require something like this to to
reinforce it I'm not sure you know that
when you look at this sort of thing if
you're going to attack us
somebody in a foreign country I don't
know there's never a better or a worse
time to do it so I I wouldn't probably
read too much into the timing
question Bill Browder to what extent is
the fact that no one has has been
apprehended I mean I know there are
suspects and and extradition requests
that have been refused but no one's been
apprehended for the Litvinenko murder to
what extent is that given those who
would wish to do away with political
opponents the confidence to do so on
British soil well I think it's crucial
so you had a a dramatic an unbelievable
situation in 2006 Alexander Litvinenko
who was a British citizen at the time
was killed by Russia using nuclear
materials which was proven at by a High
Court judge in a public inquiry and what
was and what was the consequence what
did Britain do to Russia nothing
absolutely nothing and so if you're
Vladimir Putin and you're a guy who
orders the liquidation and hit of
enemies traitors and and other people in
your own country and in the West and you
find a western country Great Britain
that does absolutely nothing when you do
a nuclear assassination the message to
you is you can do whatever you want and
and that's not the only hit that
Vladimir Putin and the FSB have done in
the UK there have been a number of other
deaths including the death of Alexander
Peres polygyny who is a Russian
whistleblower blew the whistle and a
massive FSB financial scam and he
dropped dead at the age of 44 in front
of his house in Weybridge Surrey the
police refused to even investigate it as
a murder and so from from my perspective
and from for the perspective of Vladimir
Putin this is a country where
assassinations can be carried out
without any consequence and that it I
believe was a huge policy failure which
has led to the situation we're in right
now with mr. scripto and his daughter
all hanging on for dear life in a
Salisbury hospital bill you've become an
enemy of Vladimir Putin you're not
rushing when you've received death
threats does what happened in in
Salisbury a few days ago give you pause
for thought are you safe in Britain I
don't believe I'm safe in Britain it
if you look at this situation that has
as I said they can go around the Russian
government can go around killing with
impunity but the the main thing that
gives me pause going forward is not the
Russians actions we know what they're
capable of what gives me pause is what
the British response is gonna be if the
British government doesn't respond
forcefully and decisively in a way that
really creates consequences for the
Putin regime after this assassination
attempt then it's not safe for anybody
who has anything bad to say about Russia
to live in the UK alright I want to go
into the the politics of all of this in
just a moment but but Annie first of all
let's talk about the the investigation
and obviously there's a lot that we the
public will not be privy to in fact we
will probably never know but what is
actually going on right now in terms of
the event in the investigation into this
incident well if I was sitting behind a
desk in mi5 now I think I'd be trying to
coordinate three prongs of investigation
the first one is the people on the
street you know the call has gone out
for anyone who is in the city center at
that time and they might think they know
nothing but to give their statement to
the police and also the police will need
to go through all the CCTV the other one
of course and you know hats off to the
UK agencies that they discovered what
the substance was so quickly because
that is core evidence is to try and
narrow it down to precisely what type of
nerve agent it was because that would
give an indication about what sort of
laboratories around the world might be
producing that specific nerve agent and
how it might be acquired either
legitimately or over the dark web but
the key thing as well is to get a
warrant and go through his computers his
phone calls his phone records everything
which I presume they've already done
because they are in his house at the
moment to try and work out exactly what
he's been involved in over the last
eight years because as I said he was a
busted flush when it came to
intelligence if he'd been handed over
voluntarily by the Russians feeling
pardoned by the Russians he was taken
into the UK and questioned by mi6 there
is nothing really
intelligence wise that can be taken or
gained by either side so it was suggests
to me very very strongly that this
attack has something to do with what he
might be
working on over the last eight years and
I also like to - to argue against the
idea that this is equivalent to the
Litvinenko case because this guy had
been pardoned by the Russians he was
allowed to come to the UK he was given
safe haven and a pension by mi6 he was
not a threat
Litvinenko is a very different case
because we had someone who has fled to
the UK for protection
he was an active distant and active
whistleblower and an active at the time
of his death a consultant for mi6 so
he'd been seen as much more of an enemy
of the state than someone had been
pardoned by the state and allowed to
leave that state so yes I can understand
the police response being very rapid
because they you know as soon as you
flag up the name and the history would
have sent up a red flag of course they
would responded in the same way as they
might have done it the Litvinenko case
they would've been worried about it to
protect public safety but the equivalent
stops their bill do you want to come
back on that but that you did you can't
compare the script oh okay I think well
III think that that's an extremely
narrow and unhelpful analysis that what
everybody has to understand about
Vladimir Putin is that he is trying to
keep in line many many hundreds of
thousands of security service officials
intelligence officers army people and
none of them are motivated by ideology
this is not a communist regime it's not
a religious regime it's effectively a
kleptocracy regime and so his only way
of motivating people is through money is
through is through giving people the
opportunity to steal money to shake
people down to extort people and that's
how people in his government have he's
kept people loyal but the money is
running out oil prices are down
sanctions are biting there's not as much
money to go around anymore and so he's
got a he's got to deal with people who
no longer have have the main motivation
to stay loyal and in that situation the
main tool that he has to keep them loyal
is absolute fear and the way to create
absolute fear is to take a traitor like
mr. scribble and say we're gonna kill
this traitor and not only we gonna kill
him we're gonna kill his family members
and we're gonna kill them in the most
horrible public way and if anyone else
decides they want to step out of line
they're gonna be killed in the same
horrible way as well that is the way he
creates Lloyd
his audience is is not anybody else
other than his own security services and
that's the probably the main motivation
for what this happened here today and so
to say that mr. cripple was working on
something I have to jump in here I have
to jump in here bill sorry this is very
insulting to all the people who work in
intelligence agencies and other security
forces around the world were mi6 20
years ago in the 90s so in 20 25 years
ago when I was going to make a point
when you allow me to make points then
how is the timing relevant so I joined
up not for the pay not for the money I
joined because I actually had a sense of
wanting to do something that was
worthwhile something going to help
protect my fellow citizens and this was
at the height of the IRA bombing
campaign in London and I think you know
you do a great disservice bill you've
got an incredibly cynical view that
everything's always about money it's not
it might have been in the case of
scribble because of course he did
because I know how they've been dealing
with money I know exactly what the Putin
regime is up to because I'm engaged with
them in a full-on fight about them
stealing money about lateral Putin being
involved in a major 100 million that's
multi hundred million dollar theft and
so I know exactly what's going on as of
today you're say about 25 years ago in
your own experience okay and he just
quit quickly granny I need to get
actually I'm quite quite aware bill that
you have been banned from the from
Russia for the Russian Federation for
over a decade because you were one of
the Chicago economists who went into
assets stripped the country and were
banned apparently I was man for exposing
corruption in Russia about my story I've
been convicted by Russian on for
stealing 230 million dollars okay all
right look let's let's move the
discussion all because time time is is
is is tight here
Samuel Greene UK's defense minister says
that Russia is becoming an ever greater
threat
Russia's being assertive Russia's being
aggressive he said while being careful
not to blame Russia for that for the
scribbler
we have to change the way in which we
deal with it because we can't be pushed
around by another nation what do you
make of that
well I look I think we have to look at
that in the round the reality is that
defense spending in this country has
been cut rather dramatically in recent
years and it doesn't look to improve and
and to do a certain extent he's doing
what defense ministers do in terms of
lobbying for a budget and and certainly
there there are arguments to be made and
important arguments to be made about you
know what Russia has done particularly
in in the European space in in in
Ukraine and obviously we've seen the
rhetoric out of Moscow recently with new
missile systems and things like that so
there are responses there is a degree of
hyperbole to it when we hear things
about you know the the prospect of
shutting down sovereign networks and
energy systems and transport systems and
other vital infrastructure in in in in
the UK but what this all speaks to is on
the one hand the recognition of Russia's
capabilities which should not be
surprising to anybody but also really no
trust whatsoever in in Russia's
intentions all right from a governmental
standpoint from a societal standpoint
from the standpoint of of the media in
this country right it is very easy to to
come to to the immediate assumptions and
conclusions about Russia's alleged role
in this case and in other cases like it
simply because the the track record that
we've seen from Russia and the state of
the relationship is such that that it
really leaves very little doubt in in
people's minds okay having said that
right the the response to this right
it's not likely to be a military
response a defense response and it's not
likely to be if it's going to be
effective at any kind of response that
the UK can take on its own it's gonna
require allies okay bill if Russian
involvement in this case is confirmed by
British authorities anglo-russian
relations are already pretty strained at
the moment given that Britain's already
imposed sanctions and expelled diplomats
what could the UK do to punish Russia
well this is where there's a big
opportunity um one of the things which
you the UK has a huge leverage in one
area which is that the Russian
government officials and Kremlin
connected oligarchs come to London buy
properties in in large sizes all over
the the most expensive districts of
London and they value those properties
they covet those properties and the one
thing that can be done and is now
possible to do based on the law is for
the UK government to seize those
properties and and and believe me
the the government doesn't care the
Russian government doesn't care about a
few diplomats being expelled they don't
care about an exit exercisable
extradition of their officials what they
care about is if if they're a house on
Belgrave square it gets confiscated and
and that's what the government should do
and and if they do that it will go
immediately right up to Putin and Putin
will understand that this is a place
where you can't mess with anymore
because there's real consequences at the
moment Putin doesn't think there's any
consequences in countries where there
are consequences he doesn't do this type
of thing and so so I'm recommending and
I know many other members of parliament
are recommending that that the Magnitsky
act should be imposed aggressively in
response to this occasion I'm afraid
we're out of time the news waits for no
one we've got to wrap it up many thanks
indeed to all of you Bill Browder Annie
Michonne and Samuel Greene and thank you
for watching don't forget you can see
the program anytime just by going to the
website at aljazeera.com further
discussion join us at our facebook page
on facebook.com forward slash
ajay inside story or join the
conversation on twitter our handle at
ajay inside story from me adrian
Finnegan and the whole team here and
thanks for watching we'll see you again
for that
you
