lighting up the night sky this year sky
lantern festival theme is a celebration
of the Chinese zodiac year of the dark
the main display Lantern a child from
the local Sioux tribe with a Taiwanese
dog to wish everyone a prosperous year
ahead the festival dates back to the
Tang Dynasty 1,400 years ago back then
the tradition marked the end of the
Lunar New Year break when students
return to school with lanterns to be lit
up by the teachers as a symbol of a
brighter future the festival features
tech inspired elements that allow for
more visitor interaction this smartphone
app helps with festival navigation and
provides display information along with
details of their design concept digital
temple lanterns can be lit for good
fortune or digital lanterns can be
released into a virtual sky but the
traditional style Lantern is still being
kept alive first invented by a military
strategist in China around 1800 years
ago it was brought to Taiwan by
immigrants and at one time miners in
pink sea used the lanterns to warn off
bandits 71 year old linguo he wants to
attract tourists with his craft
following in his father's footsteps he's
been making sky lanterns the
old-fashioned way for almost 30 years
those are if we don't pass on our
traditions many of those early day
cultural heritage and arts will be
forgotten this is what keeps me going
Lin shares historical stories and shows
visitors how to float the creations
written hopes for healthy wealth love
and success slowly rising
the kerosene soaked rice paper is
expected to last a year but as
technology changes Lin hopes his ancient
craft lasts a lifetime
Scheherazade Gafoor al-jazeera
