the oldest porcelain Factory in Vietnam
hasn't changed much since it was opened
in 1960
back then it was operated by the
communist government of the former North
Vietnam when the country was divided
today its united under communist rule
but the government has embraced
capitalism like most state-owned
enterprises this Factory has been
privatized and will soon move to a new
purpose-built industrial park moving to
a new factory will help us develop you
can see all our machines are old so
we'll invest in more modern production
lines for more than 20 years Vietnam was
torn apart by war it ended in 1975 with
the North defeating the South which was
backed by the United States communism
emerged victorious but the leaders soon
realized that their centralized economic
system had to change economic reality
was the best future the government
embarked on a series of reforms to open
the country up and allow market forces
it now has one of the best performing
economies in the world when Vietnam
began reforming in 1986 its total trade
was worth only 640 million dollars a
year it was really only doing business
with the likes of China and the former
Soviet Union just over 30 years on as
its economic borders have opened that
figure has left to more than 420 billion
dollars but some believe it could do
even better and say the government must
continue evolving to combat problems
like rising inequality it's caused by
corruption illegal payment and informal
economy and Vietnam must try to reduce
it and now that Nam must create new
incentives to modernize its economy the
process is ongoing and reforms like
increasing efficiency and breaking down
bureaucracy may be pushed along by trade
deals like the trans-pacific partnership
some may question the pace but certainly
the direction of the reform is is is
very welcome
but some of that will need to be
accelerated for for the domestic private
sector to be able to grow more than it
has been so far
that's certainly the goal of this
company which used to import its clay
and export the finished products price
fluctuations meant it eventually became
a domestic supplier only TPP and a new
modern factory may allow it to realize
its goal of returning to the
international market Wayne hey al
Jazeera hey song Vietnam
