life Fersen wada Begum and her young
children is a struggle to survive for
months they have been sheltering in this
refugee camp in a no-man's land between
the border with Bangladesh and Myanmar
the mother says she lost nearly
everything when she escaped the military
crackdown in her home state of rahim we
were all running away from myanmar
trying to save our lives we had no
chance to look back my son died along
the way he died crying the only way for
refugees in the camp to get access to
aid is to cross this river into
Bangladesh we don't want to stay here
because we don't feel safe the Myanmar
army fired shots at us they have taken
people from here day and night we can't
sleep and we're scared for our lives
nearly 700,000 rohini are seeking refuge
in Bangladesh many have described
killings rape and arson by Myanmar
security forces the United Nations Human
Rights Commission's has issued several
condemnation of Myanmar's treatment of
the RO Hendra and his warning the ethnic
cleansing is continuing and says the
tactics have changed for mass killings
and rape - forced starvation this
council is aware that my office has
strong suspicions that acts of genocide
may have taken place in Rakhine State
since August I am therefore not
surprised by reports that rojan J
villages which were attacked in recent
years and alleged mass graves of the
victims are being bulldozed at the same
time the Bangladesh government ministers
accusing Myanmar of obstructing efforts
to repatriate refugees Finance Minister
AMA Mouton said despite a repatriation
deal signed between Myanmar and
Bangladesh in November it's unlikely the
displaced muscles would ever return to
their homeland the repatriation plan has
been controversial from the outset
rights groups and the UN have warned
that the conditions for Roja to return
are nowhere near refugees living in
camps in southeastern Bangladesh are
also resisting the idea fearing they
won't be safe if they return
their homes in Fiesta al Jazeera
