now October 2014 Australian Shawn
Pollard was attacked by two great white
sharks while out surfing the then 23
year old lost his left arm and right
hand in the incident within a year
Pollard had tried snowboarding for the
first time and now he's getting ready to
represent his country at the Winter
Paralympics
g'day I'm Shawn Pollard I'm a
professional athlete from Bumbry Western
Australia a little over three years ago
I lost my left arm and my right hand in
a shark attack since then I haven't been
enough to surf the waves which I wanted
to so I turned a snowboarding and gave
that a go definitely snowboarding has
kind of filled that hole that surfing
left I live probably almost 4,000 case
from the nearest ski resort coming from
BA Murray there's no snow anywhere near
so a lot of my training after do again
the local skatepark so I'll just go down
there and cut laps I compete in the
sport of Bank slalom and snowboard cross
on the World Cup circuit and it's pretty
much first at the bottom of the hill
wins if you both stack it
whoever gets up quicker and gets across
the line wins but yeah if you stack it
in the other guard doesn't fall off then
usually they're gonna take the win
losing an arm and a hand a lot of my
training has to do with core strength
and say I'm down the gym a lot
strengthening that core and I kind of
get driven to push myself knowing that
you know life's so short and gotta make
the best of it while you can my
day-to-day life I get by using the split
hook prosthetic it took a while to learn
it took me a good couple of weeks
learned how to butter toast and even
just getting dressed it took a while to
get used to that but three years on I've
got everything figured out when it's
race day I usually try to keep a relaxed
vibe but then around the contest it's
chilled but as soon as you're in the
start gate I'll kind of switch to race
mode and it's all it's game on it's
never really crossed my mind
representing my country when I was
younger and Connor's since my shark
attack I've enjoyed being challenged and
it's been a big challenge to try and get
to that
level my family's really excited it's
rewarding for them and myself to see
that I've got this amazing opportunity
that I have now win lose or draw I'm
just going to be happy to represent
Australia on the big stage the biggest
thing I've learned through my experience
is you never know how things are going
to turn out so you have to just have a
go out there big challenges and you'll
be surprised at what you can actually
achieve
