mr. Rex Tillerson over eight days the US
Secretary of State will visit the
capitals of Ethiopia Djibouti Kenya Chad
and Nigeria Rex Tillerson says the US
wants to show its commitment to African
Development this administration seeks to
deepen our partnership with Africa with
an aim of making African countries more
resilient and more self-sufficient the
trip was first announced in January
shortly after Donald Trump allegedly
used a profanity to describe African
countries other than that sentiment
which the president denies having
expressed this is one of the few on the
record comments the president has made
about the continent I have so many
friends going to your countries trying
to get rich it is not clear that
President Trump has ever been to Africa
that he knows very much about the
continent at all and nor does he appear
particularly interested in learning
which is the great irony because for
administration's such as his which is
trying to grow economic relationships
around the world as a means of improving
American businesses there is enormous
opportunity at a State Department
background briefing about telethons trip
officials though were keen to emphasize
the u.s. sees more in Africa than US
corporate profits and military bases in
fact US officials criticize China and
Russia for exploiting the resources of
African countries without giving back to
the African people but while China has
poured money into the development of
African infrastructure and trade the
u.s. under President Obama massively
expanded the us's military and CIA
footprint throughout the continent and
it is notable that while key African
vacancies remain in the Trump State
Department for example an assistant
secretary to coordinate diplomatic
policy the White House has managed to
appoint a former CIA official to be its
senior director for Africa that the five
countries are 54 chosen for Tillison
strip are key to the us's military
strategy in the region suggests here at
least there will be continuity with
President Obama's African policies thank
you for your very kind attention the
State Department says telethons trip
will be the first of many to africa but
there is a suspicion of the trump
administration doesn't intend fully to
engage with the continent diplomatically
and there's a debate as to whether
that's necessarily a bad thing for
African nations she Everton see al
Jazeera Washington
