it's been a long time coming
a white line stretching through the
shattered streets of East gouta bringing
relief for some disappointment for
others some vital medical aid was
stripped from the trucks before they set
off a question mark placed over their
approvals we don't need most of the food
supplies we need a medical aid the most
because the regime has prevented it from
entering then it was about getting them
unloaded quickly and safely ongoing air
strikes meant not all the trucks could
be emptied 14 had to head back fully
loaded
we are dying here with our children
under the bombing please save us we have
no water food or medicine we are normal
people we have no news Rifai ters we are
syrian people in the besieged enclave
close to the city in capital c ongoing
air strikes makes it too difficult to
distribute the aid for the moment it
sits in warehouses all the people take
shelter where they can many are no
living underground the UNHCR says
basements are being turned into crude
living quarters some are packed 200
people are more seeking shelter seeking
sanctuary and safety humanitarian
agencies know there is a critical need
for aid in East gouta what was delivered
on Monday should be enough to feed
around 20,000 people they have
permission to take in enough food for
70,000 but the population of the Enclave
at the moment is four hundred thousand
and you eat convoy is planned for later
in the week it's something but for the
people of East gouta it's nowhere near
enough Alan Fisher al Jazeera on the
turkey-syria border
