he's been in office for a hundred days
in Barbie's new president Emerson
Managua is under pressure to improve the
economy and curb corruption but is there
any change from the Robert Mugabe era
and is minagawa up to the challenge
this is inside story
hello and welcome to the program I'm
handsome sneakers Zimbabwe was once
regarded as Africa's breadbasket with
its rich fertile farmland and
flourishing export market but after
almost four decades of robert mugabe z'
rule its economy as an MS unemployment
rates are high and human rights remain
an issue
Emerson Managua pledged he would rebuild
the country promising to take radical
steps so what progress after 100 days as
president will talk to our guests
shortly but first how to attach the
reports from Harare
Charles Malaga was laid off years ago he
used to work for Cisco steel which was
once one of Africa's largest steel
factories Charles is now a part-time
handyman in his neighborhood he says not
being able to properly provide for his
family is humiliating
we've been living from m2 mouth most of
the days in some nights we could go
without eating dinner a meal and you
know it's so hard for a father not to
supply for his family so it's been hard
from 2008 up to today the steel factory
where Charles worked is now an
industrial graveyard it used to employ
more than 5000 workers and produced 1
million tonnes of Steel annually now
Zimbabwe imports 400 million dollars
worth of steel every year president Amin
minagawa is under pressure to deliver
his administration insists it is making
progress
repairing relations with Western powers
and international financial institutions
what we've been solved by this
government is the promise of change that
although they have been part of the old
regime they seem to be committed to some
form of change and some traction and
also to be fair out of the 83 promises
were seen traction around 33 issues but
opposition politicians say not much has
changed in the 100 days since Menon
Gregor took over from Robert Mugabe so
you miss that opportunity by failing to
firm a government that was consistent
with the aspirations of the people so
from date has been downward now it's
business as usual the public is very
skeptical reviving dilapidated
infrastructure needs foreign direct
investment the u.s. has extended
targeted sanctions for another year
saying not much has changed
minagawa took over the sanctions were
imposed nearly 20 years ago for alleged
human rights abuses economists warned
this could scare away potential
investors industry experts say real
economic recovery could take at least
three years right now people can access
money from banks and the unemployment
rate is one of the highest in the world
after years of neglect some roads are
getting a facelift some people say
that's a small positive sign but
political analysts say the road to real
economic recovery in Zimbabwe will be
long and bumpy hard Matassa al Jazeera
Haredi
as how is said in her report
transforming Zimbabwe's economy and
tackling high levels of unemployment our
man and gals priority but he's also
pledged to curb corruption he's proposed
setting up anti-corruption courts and
has arrested several high-profile
figures he said he would be in his words
the president of all citizens regardless
of color religion tribe or political
affiliation and he vowed to do all he
could to ensure elections this year will
be free and fair he's also promised
compensation for white farmers whose
land was seized as part of Mugabe 's
land reforms let's bring in our guests
now joining us in Harare is Albert
Goethe a spokesman for the opposition
movement for Democratic Change Party the
MDC from London we have NIC man wanna
the ruling Zanu PF parties
representative in the UK and mainland
Europe and also in Zimbabwe's capital
via Skype Derrick machaca researcher who
writes about the political and security
dynamics in the country good to have you
all with us gentlemen so NIC men wanna
let me start with you
how would you after 100 days assess that
the job that mr. Managua has done the
president the president said first
hundred days in office have been very
successful in the sense that the whole
purpose of them was to set fundamentals
and economic drivers that will change
the fortunes of Zimbabwe that will
change the climate the ecosystem of the
bubbles political system that will
cleanse it and them bring in a bit more
hygiene clean it up make people a bit
more free they remove of roadblocks for
example the reach out they extend the
hand that has been extended to the
opposition the freedom that has been
given the opposition to operate and
fitted in the unhindered those are very
good signs so they the bridges that has
been built with former force the ones
that have been consolidated with former
friends
all those are fundamentals that are very
important for us to get some what we
need most above the rest which is a
foreign direct investment like you say
the Elector was saved in the intro them
there are people that haven't worked for
a long time and there are people that
have never worked in the Bob way those
people need jobs and like president
anger has always said yes say yes say it
always in triplicate jobs jobs jobs so
the fundamentals to bring the jobs to
the people have been put in place
corruption has been curbed and I can
rightly said quotes are being set up in
every province which are specialists
cause to deal with corruption corruption
has played a big role in in our policies
in our economic demise so all the right
things are being said all the right
noises I've been so all the right things
have been done and all the right noises
he's been mad well just just to clarify
mr. Mangano we didn't actually say
corruption has been curbed we said that
that was one of the objectives that the
president has but I want to ask you a
little bit more about that what specific
steps has he taken in in the first
hundred days like I rightly said the
Muslim the most problematic thing in in
our fight against corruption was one was
we are get we're getting a lot of lip
service to no fundamental political will
or no evident political will was there
now the framework for setting up prevent
anti-corruption specialists and
corruption codes in every province of
Zimbabwe would mean that we now have got
something measurable we would expect
those costs to be very busy
every time when we're going to have
codes which are white elephants so if
the courts are very busy it basically
means that in every province in every
region of the country all the people
that are accused of corruption every son
every person is suspected of being
involved in corruption would be
arraigned before those courts and who
have their day and that is what is
needed in corruption in the fight
against corruption to deter people
because once people see
being parodied in quotes being
humiliated in court or even going to
prison more importantly then it
basically means that the next person who
is thinking of reading for example
attender who is thinking of doing
something which is an towards or
underhands who would think twice before
doing that so that's the deterrence that
we need so like I say it's the best
thing that has happened in the hundreds
is also rendered days is to set the
fundamentals is to put in place the
building blocks that will drive the use
of this body's political and economic
agenda all right let's get the view from
from somebody from the opposition and
uber Gucci what's your take on this do
you think that Zimbabwe is is heading in
the right direction as a member of the
opposition do you feel that you are
living in a freer country now not at all
it's like the first hundred days of
President Mandela's presidency have been
a very huge disappointment it has been a
big yawn this is why you find that
although he has been talking about a new
era away down the street in a very
another major cities and towns and even
in the villages in Zimbabwe is that it
is actually not a new era but a new era
because the past three months have
actually seen an unprecedented
deterioration of the ordinary people's
living standards I'll be specific here
and say that the past three months I've
actually seen a shocking increase in the
prices of basic goods and commodities
here I'm talking about things that
people use every day in their lives you
know cooking oil toothpaste bread milk
you know milling meal this is ordinary
people's lifestyles if you were going to
buy something I'd say one who is Dahl in
November last year upon their sentence
at the power of President of Managua if
you go to your local supermarket today
you are most likely going to pay three
times as much for the same commodity
there's been an unprecedented as I've
already sight increase in the prices of
goods and when you look at also the
promises that the new administration has
been given to the people we have
actually witnessed numerous numerous
promises they've been very long one
promises and extremely short on delivery
I'll give another specific example we
were actually promised as the people of
Zimbabwe by the new administration of
President Angad well that they were
going to exercise media freedom they
were going to obey the constitutional
provisions regarding access to the
state-controlled or rather the publicly
owned both print and an electronic media
in this country but what we noticed
under the Managua presidency we actually
witnessing the same kind of trajectory
is used to happen and the Robottom
Gabby's presidency we actually can say
it is the same script the same act the
same drama apparently with different
actors if you tuned into what is called
Newshour the main television television
news bulletin in this country at 8 p.m.
local times in Bobby time all you'll
read all you see all you view is news
about president Emerson Managua if you
don't hear or see him doing something
somewhere you are going to be subjected
to seeing his wife the first lady mrs.
auxiliar Managua the same template that
Robottom that be used to follow so what
Amanda was simply done is to substitute
Robert Mugabe and Grace Mugabe with
emissary Managua and auxiliar Managua
this is what I'm saying it is like
putting all wine in new bottles it
remains the same old wine there's only
difference is that it is not packaged
differently but
tastes and everything welcome back about
the wine is the same so the first
hundred days have been a huge a huge a
huge disappoint all right we'll come
back to some of that in a moment but I
want to bring in Derrick Metta Shaq I
know 100 days is not a long time in the
general scheme of things but but how
would you assess the minagawa era so far
well you've had two politicians talking
so both of them are particular their
particular political angle on their
perception of the first hundred days mr.
bang Warner's statement for example that
the economy is being sorted out by
tackling corruption well if there's an
element of truth there but that needs to
be unpacked a little it's plainly
obvious to everybody that the people who
are being targeted for corruption or mr.
Montag Aguas political enemies and
Muslim honor guard was political allies
many of whom are known to be corrupt or
being left alone furthermore there's
more indication of politicization of the
anti-corruption campaign in that the
instances of corruption are being chosen
carefully so that they are discrete
instances that only involve Muslim when
anger grows political enemies so if you
have a corrupt enterprise which has
involved people across the factional
divide those kind of corruption or those
instances of corruption or being left
alone then turning to some of mr. gutten
comments it's not correct that prices
have risen steeply since Muslim one on
GOG we came into office in fact the
opposite has taken place there's a
differential between the value of
electronic money electronic dollars
which are created by government and
actual US dollars and the black market
rate between electronic or cyber money
and the real US dollars has actually
dropped so before mr. Managua came into
power
the differential was as high as 1.9 it's
now dropped down to about 1.5 and this
affects the price of products in the
supermarket and has brought the price of
products down so that is certainly one
of the successes obviously there's a
long way to go the creation of cyber
money needs to stop but the problem for
mr. Maanen God was the size of the hole
that Robert Mugabe has dug before he
came into office and Foreman and GOG
were to try and climb out of that hole
is going to be an extremely difficult
task and to try and get the economy back
on a proper footing is certainly going
to take much longer than a hundred days
and it will take even an extended period
of time before even small effects can be
felt you're in recovering from the
disastrous economic policies of the
mcgaubey administers let's come back to
Nick Nick my iguana on this then I know
you want to respond to some of what
you've just heard there and also to
Oberg ooh twos points earlier that's the
nothing has really changed and this is
basically just just another version of
the Mugabe area what Mugabe era what do
you say to that
you know mr. boot is mr. booties he
tends to prefer very flourish language
and they're hyper hyper boss the the
truth is them yeah the the election
dates have not been promulgated yet so
the programs that are coming out on say
television the programs that the
president is running not campaign
programs
the news is talking about is what the
president is doing what the nation is
doing as a president the plan that is in
place right now is that there will be a
media Commission which will supervise
media which will supervise the media
coverage that's given to all political
parties to bring equity among them that
media Commission will start operating
the moment the elections are declared
that there we are in a campaign season
at the moment is just a government
functioning the
state media or normally operates is the
media of Records for the government so
yes when they say what when they
propagate what the president is doing or
what the president is then they are
doing that in his capacity is the state
president not in his capacity is the Sam
PFS the secretary and president so if we
made that distinction that helps now
when it comes to freedoms we're talking
of hundred days within this hundred days
and the old dispensation we would have
had a lot of people having been arrested
or arraigned before the courts was for
some some charges which have something
to do with them submitting the
authorities undermining the president's
authority or undermining the first
family or something like that this has
not happened in this view dispensation
nobody has been arrested for something
as ism maintained those judges that's
freedom we have spoken of roadblocks not
being on the road
the extortionate demands by the police
from from the citizens and the traveling
public has not been witnessed that's
gone does those are positives were
talking about when there is a police
checkpoint every five kilometres okay
yeah you mentioned about the the
checkpoints as well and that those are
gone and I want to get get over good
whose response to that that they have
been some some changes made that I have
improved improved quality of life
according to mr. Mann Guana what do you
say to that not at all not at all
because for us who live in Zimbabwe we
don't see any difference between the
Robert Mugabe presidency and the
minagawa presidents of course the NIC
might be saying things differently
because no not at all I'll give you an
example a few weeks ago there were some
human rights activists in the second
largest city of Zimbabwe called Bulawayo
they wanted to stage a demonstration and
to do
ookura Mundi issue they were roughed up
by the police
beaten up and typically the same way
that Mugabe would react and just a week
ago we witnessed an incident where then
develop people were the majority people
in the southern provinces or the south
western provinces we wanted to have a
coronation or an installation of the
novella King there was a lot of pressure
from the government to say no no no no
no we can't have and develop King
installs because that'll be ten the
mounted trees then there will be
tantamount to creating a separate state
and all those kind of other fascist
excuses but you are saying look at South
Africa for instance South Africa is a
republic and you know what there are
seven kingdoms in South Africa the most
prominent of which obviously is the
kingdom of puzzle natal where King is an
inch in goodwill the Linton is the king
but the South African government has got
no absolutely no problems with that but
here we have a problem with the
government that becomes very jittery
that becomes very agitated simply
because the developed people wanted to
have an installation or a coronation of
the novella King this is typically
fascists Robert Mugabe let me also move
on to the issue of Khalifa chemical Eric
has been saying move the disk or what
has happened or what has been happening
all what has been happening is the
targeting of moon anger was political
enemies we know that some of the biggest
and most corrupted people actually found
in minagawa own faction of zanu-pf
around these people none of them has
been brought before the codes it's only
what I call small-time crooks
small-time crooks who have been arrested
and all of these apparently belong to
the so-called g40 faction with law right
there Robert Mugabe very happy faction
what is happening it's the cost function
has been arrested Derrick Matt check if
we move on to the upcoming elections in
Zimbabwe this is seen as the real test
or it's going to be seen as the real
test of democratic progress in Zimbabwe
to see if mr. mr. mr. Managua was talk
of reforms are genuine here have you
seen any indications at this point
that we will get a free and fair
election in Zimbabwe later this year yes
certainly I think some of the rhetoric
around free and fair elections will be
implemented it's definitely and must
mana God was interest to have an
election which appears on the surface to
be largely free and fair mr. Managua has
a problem with legitimacy because of the
manner in which he attained power he's
not an elected president at the moment
so he's desperate to attain legitimacy
through a free and fair election so I
think he'll go as far as he can to make
sure that the elections have an
appearance of freeness and fairness but
that then also touches on what mr. go-to
was saying about the the media the media
is definitely a ruling party mouthpiece
is not a public is not public media the
only voice that is heard in the rural
areas on the electronic media is the
voice of zona PF and it's insufficient
as Muslim and Juana would would have us
believe that just to open up the
airwaves during an election period those
airwaves need to be opened up
permanently and well in advance of the
elections to have any impact
all right let's already the the closure
of media space is impacting on the
freeness and fairness of the election
let's put that point then - to Nick mag
Juana shouldn't there be equal time for
all the parties in Zimbabwe from from
now they they should be equal times if
people are campaigning that's what I'm
saying that officially you don't seem
present minagawa only only campaign
trail yes you might do one or two
zanu-pf programs but the campaign hasn't
been opened is an opened yet so the
state media reports on government
programs that's the stuff that's that's
the difference were making but it's
coming to that as well I mean there's no
question that I'm we should have equity
when when when when when they when we
start campaigning there's not this
there's no there's no doubt about that
you haven't said that the state media is
now a very small part of
electronic media out there we we have a
lot of space in the social media
platforms where nobody is they are not
limiting Zimbabwe there is no
restrictions that we see our suppression
or suppressive laws that we see in other
countries so a lot is being is being
broadcast oh no no no no no no social
media already so they in the in terms of
access to different sort of media is it
is there when it comes to the radio even
Voice of America broadcasts now very
freely we don't even hear it been called
in the pirate station that's that people
used to call it in and so on
we some people are PSA in their own and
own or other independent they are all
papers which are under sunapee right now
be published in zimbabwe than those
which are frozen we are we are going to
leave it in terms of media israelis on
to spend a lot more a lot more time
talking about this but unfortunately we
are out of time i want to thank all
three of you
Oh Burke you too Nick man Guana and
Derek matichek thanks very much for
being on Inside Story and thank you for
watching as always you can see this
program again anytime by going to our
website aljazeera.com and for more
discussion you can go to our Facebook
page
that's facebook.com forward slash aj
incised or you can also join the
conversation on twitter our handle there
is at aj inside story from me housing
seeker and the whole team here bye for
now
you
