the delegation arrived back in Seoul
clearly delighted the mission had
achieved all its objectives and more
most importantly an apparent commitment
from North Korea to denuclearize under
the right conditions letter from Japan
North Korea made it clear that there
will be no reason to possess nuclear
capabilities if there's no military
threat and also North Korea's regimes
security is guaranteed the two sides
have agreed to a summit between
president moon jae-in of South Korea and
North Korean leader Kim jong-un at Taman
Jon inside the Demilitarized Zone
separating the two Koreas where a truce
was signed to end the Korean War in 1953
and for the first time a hotline will be
set up between the two leaders to defuse
any future crises South Korea says the
north has also agreed not to hold any
provocative nuclear or ballistic missile
tests while these talks are ongoing and
has shown its willingness to discuss
denuclearization with the US Washington
has always insisted the North commits to
giving up its nuclear arsenal as a
precondition to talks but it's far from
clear this agreement gives that
commitment the agreement follows an
extraordinary visit lasting little more
than 24 hours with a banquet and smiles
at the invitation of Kim jong-un North
Korea's state-run media giving the visit
extensive coverage president moons
government will hail this as a landmark
achievement of his policy of engagement
earlier Tuesday he was attending a
graduation ceremony at a military
academy he clearly believes in his
mission of long term peace through
dialogue but this was a reminder to his
critics that South Korea should remain
militarily strong if the initiative
falters
we must talk to North Korea in order to
denuclearize the Korean Peninsula but at
the same time we must put our maximum
efforts
into establishing effective measures
against North Korean nuclear and missile
capabilities
South Korea's n boys now travel to the
United States to fill in their allies on
the details of the agreement that will
be a far tougher sell Rob McBride
aljazeera Seoul
