now let's take a step back for a second
and ask who really benefits from 5g well
it's closely linked to the survival of
the telecoms industry last week Gartner
reported the first year on year decline
in smartphone sales for the critical
holiday quarter since 2004 the industry
needs new technology to trigger a new
burst of profitability and growth they
want consumers like you and me and
global businesses to buy equipment and
mobile services and here's a word you
may also hear a lot about spectrum this
is how companies use the airwaves for
communications spectrum is actually a
sovereign asset and governments haven't
even started auctioning off the spectrum
needed for 5g yet well joining us now
from London is Daniel Gleason a senior
analyst in consumer technology with
london-based / thanks for being with us
Daniel so just tell us then why does 5g
matter so much if you had to explain
this to a layman in a nutshell what is
it all about really 5g of course is it's
the next generation of mobile technology
it's gonna be faster and more reliable
internet speeds on your phone but more
than that it's all about having very low
latency connections so very reliable and
very quick responding connections and
particularly it's gonna be very very
important for enabling new new use cases
for this technology particularly in
things like connected cars or on our
various Internet of Things applications
and when we talk about technology we
often talk about the what's known as the
digital divide that there is this big
gap between between different
communities different cultures over how
much how much access they have to the
latest technology it does this risk
further widening the digital divide
there is always this risk but one of the
big things that operators are doing with
5g in particular is that they are using
it in very high frequency spaces what's
enormous millimeter-wave and in this
area you have very very high amounts of
bandwidth which is perfectly suitable
for
or doing point-to-point communications
to rural communities and to isolated
areas so this is ideal for helping
provide that last mile connection which
for example that fiber broadband simply
cannot do due to the costs involved so
that's probably one the big promises of
5g that in that very high frequency band
that can help and bridge that gap in a
way that previous mobile technologies
simply were not able to and what sort of
privacy issues does this bring up I mean
when it comes to 4G for example we we
have already had to give up a lot in
that area is 5g gonna be the same well
in terms of privacy that's more of a an
application-level basis the technology
itself is fairly like secure is very
very secure the main issues in terms of
privacy and security come really on the
application level in terms of what your
apps are doing and who they're sending
that data to obviously of course within
5g probably the thing that people will
on a network level be more concerned
about is that one of the things that 5g
enables is a much smaller and denser
network in urban areas where mobile
towers will only cover you know a couple
hundred meters in each direction rather
than you know 600 to 800 meters which is
what they would usually do now as I said
the main threat in terms of security and
privacy is always going to be on the
application level where the apps like
Facebook Twitter Google and many many
other apps track your position will much
greater accuracy based off the GPS in
your device as well as having access to
you know all the matter of sensitive
information including payment
information it does all sound very
expensive though doesn't it and this
gets back to the earlier issue of the
digital divide yes exactly and this is
gone as I said this is probably going to
be the big big problem for operators in
terms of how exactly they decide to roll
it out it is going to be very expensive
every part of it from licensing the
spectrum on day one
to building out small networks in urban
areas and eventually building bridging
that digital divide as I said one of the
things the regulators have done
regularly in the past particularly with
4G to try to accelerate this rollout has
been to put restrictions or rules around
the spectrum that does get licensed
things like saying oh the operator has
to cover 90% or 95% of the population
within a certain length of time and
often with with even with certain pieces
of spectrum they will say it must be
used for this specific purpose and
cannot be used for other ones so that's
the kind of way that governments and
regulators will try to help guide the
rollout of 5g and try to push operators
in certain directions the cost issue
though is going to be very is going to
be very much at the forefront when you
think particularly in Western Europe and
in North America where the mobile
networks are very very mature everybody
already has a smartphone the amount the
proposition or the case for growth isn't
very very strong and that's why
operators in particular looking at these
automotive these industrial and IOT
related use cases for 5g to really be
the bulk of the business case they may
not be very glamorous certainly may not
be you know the most demanding in terms
of bandwidth they're very sensitive in
terms of security in terms of
reliability and in terms of latency and
that's really the strengths of 5g
compared to 4G Daniel gleason good to
speak with you thank you
