you can safely bet with a spoon at the
ready
this girl is thinking of her next meal
but she doesn't know when it will be or
where it will come from in northern
Yemen as many as a million people are
living in camps beyond the reach of aid
groups while Yemen isn't officially in a
state of famine it must feel like it
here lunch has been cooking for two
hours and it's not ready yet
we have no gas or proper firewood we are
under siege and we have nothing some of
these comes have been here for four
years sprouting up as people escaped
fighting in towns that fell under Houthi
control I don't go to school because my
father has no money to buy us books and
pins when I see girls come from school I
get jealous I want to be a doctor aid
agencies say combination of armed groups
checkpoints airstrikes and bureaucracy
often make it impossible to reach these
people we appeal again to the
international and humanitarian
organizations to respond rapidly to the
displaced people and effective
communities many of whom sleep on the
ground out in the open with no shelter
from the summer heat for the cold of the
winter today is only meal is a plate of
plain boiled rice between the family
some days there's not even this it's
nowhere near the amount of nutrition
these children need if they're to have
any chance of surviving through this
conflict the UN uses various
calculations including the percentage of
people dying from malnutrition when
deciding when to declare a famine and
there are 3 million children and new
mothers in Yemen battling malnutrition
but declaring a famine makes no
difference to people trapped in areas
out of the reach of aid groups because
of conflict they need a ceasefire and
that might only come when the warring
parties sit down and talk Burnett Smith
al Jazeera Djibouti
