the morning after effectively being
guaranteed a fourth term as Chancellor
and for Angela Merkel it was business as
usual in welcoming the vote by Social
Democrats to join another grand
coalition she had a message for the
people first six monitor not the invite
are almost six month have a right that
something happens now and that what we
had intended to do is implemented this
will be a big task for every one of the
future cabinet members with a lot of
projects which deal with securing the
jobs of the future
and our prosperity as well as creating
the same living conditions in all of
Germany but it's a sign of how much
weaker she is now that in order to stay
here at the Chancellery she's had to
surrender several key cabinet posts to
the Social Democrats particularly the
Finance Ministry it's a move that
angered some on the conservative right
people who were already worried by the
loss of seats at the general election
it's led some analysts to suggest
perhaps Merkel's style of governing from
the center is starting to where both
with her party and the people for a very
long time that was exactly the kind of
leadership that worked we have different
times now and different times require
different kinds of leadership and
probably heard a leadership style isn't
the style that works for you know the
time we live in now in some eyes
here is a potential successor just a few
days ago a neglect camp Cavanaugh was
the prime minister of the small western
state of silence but as a key ally of
Angela Merkel and at her suggestion
she's taken on an important party role
in Berlin we have a coalition agreement
that came after very intensive
negotiations and which is very detailed
and so offers a good solid basis for
this new government for the moment
Angela Merkel insists she will serve a
full term
once she is voted in next week but
increasingly some people here wonder
whether she's much nearer the end of her
time in office than the start
dominic kane al jazeera berlin
