the last time the United States military
had such a sizable presence and
Vietnamese waters they were waging war
now though welcoming the old enemy
aboard and selling them souvenirs the
visit to the city of Da Nang by the
aircraft carrier Carl Vinson and support
ships is a powerful symbol that
relations between the former foes have
been transformed donning hold some bad
memories for the US military combat
troops came ashore here fifty-three
years ago this week to begin their
campaign to try to help South Vietnam
defeat the Communist north they failed
and a previously divided country was
unified under communist rule which
remains today a huge warship back in
Vietnam may be uncomfortable for some
but others believe it's a positive step
the war is over the past is the past and
the future is opening up for us after 21
years of normalized relationship between
our two countries the situation is
getting better that's been helped by a
common interest China and its
increasingly assertive role in the
region the ship is anchored in Da Nang
Bay which then becomes the South China
Sea where Vietnam and other countries
are locked in territorial disputes with
China and to a large extent that seems
to be what this deployment is about
China's accused of building military
bases and runways for warplanes on
islands and reefs while the US wants to
ensure freedom of navigation in the
South China Sea it's found a strategic
ally in Vietnam Vietnam has had
historically a very contentious
relationship with the Chinese that has
been exacerbated in recent years by
what's happening in the South China Sea
in Vietnam is looking for the United
States for backup for political backup
for military backup in the event there
is a conflict or or a crisis in the
South China Sea the US Navy says Chinese
ships have been seen on this deployment
but everyone is abiding by the rules
that hasn't always been the case which
has created a situation that's helped
bring the United States and Vietnam
closer together Wayne hey al Jazeera
Vietnam
