calling for justice while carrying the
remains of the dead hundreds joined the
funeral procession of some of the men
killed in an attack on Monday at a
military checkpoint in the southern
district of Shelby on the Indian Army
says at least two of the dead belonged
to the armed group lashkar-e-taiba and
others killed in the crossfire were
civilians
whatever the case few here believed the
military's explanation for the death
these innocent young boys were just
regular people they were dragged out of
their cause and brutally killed at least
six of them how long will this lost for
how long we are going to die we want to
ask the government are they going to
kill us every day earlier on Monday
one of indian-administered Kashmir as
most influential separatist leaders
Yasin Malik led a march against the
killings he and his supporters ignored
restrictions on protests and took to the
streets of the main city Sri Nagar where
they accused political leaders of not
doing enough to prevent deaths the
killing of three civilians in sharpie on
was only meant to terrorize the people
of Kashmir because it's a murder of
innocence I hold the political parties
that contest the elections here
responsible for this bloodbath Malik was
soon arrested and taken into police
custody security was beefed up in
Srinagar and restrictions imposed in
several areas markets remained shot and
vehicles largely stayed off the roads
with some Kashmiri
to see to stay indoors but elsewhere
protests turned violent
hundreds defined a curfew and confronted
security forces teargas was fired to
disperse the crowds Indian government
leaders accused Pakistan of training and
arming separatist groups who attacked
the Indian Army pakistan denies the
allegations since independence in 1947
but nuclear-armed neighbors have fought
two of their three wars over
muslim-majority Kashmir which both say
is their territory in Thea style
al-jazeera
