scouring the bins searching for the
missing record or a rare treasure it
might seem like a relic from a bygone
age but not for the thousands who crowd
Columbia's traditional meeting of music
lovers and collectors
it's our 26th year it's a calling for
all lovers of Latin music salsa Afro
Cuban all united by the same passion
salsa music and final records for six
consecutive days fans of afro Caribbean
music gathered to trade stories items in
LPS
they kept coming as the analog format
was replaced by CDs first then digital
and they're still at it now that vinyl
is seeing a worldwide resurgence it's an
old format which was presumed dead but
it refuses to go away and actually it's
coming back with force people are
dusting off the records they had stored
away the passion is back and it's not
only old nostalgic Dioner man this is
part of a group of young salsa music
aficionados who arrived from New York
she says these albums also remind her of
her father
country so being exposed to that
diversity every mind yeah I wanted to
always stick to my roots to my life as
night falls the meeting inevitably turns
into a record playing party with people
shaking maracas hitting on cowbells and
dancing as collectors polish their soon
to be player dreary tease for the
excited crowd milton medina proud owner
of five thousands of them says it's
difficult to choose his favorite they're
all special to me but the music lover
likes to fetch the hardest finds it runs
in our blood like a disease no doubt
it's a contagious but cheerful illness
and one that won't let you stand still
Alessandra Beauty al-jazeera Cali
