conflicts of interest in the White House
Donald Trump's son-in-law Jared Kushner
is reported to have used his influence
with the president to boost the family
business and Kushner has had his
top-secret security clearance downgraded
is that a sign of more chaos in the
president's inner circle this is inside
story
hello and welcome to the program I'm
Mohammed Jim Jim Donald Trump's
son-in-law Jared Kushner has a
reputation for being one of the
president's closest and well listened to
advisors but his role in the White House
is being scrutinized because of US media
reports about the impact his business
ties are having on US policy questions
are being asked whether or not he's
missed use his influence to secure money
for his family business from foreign
countries another concern is whether he
helped Russian interference in Trump's
election campaign although while the
president's appointed Middle East peace
broker has had his top-level security
clearance downgraded last week Jared
Kushner became increasingly powerful
when he organized Trump's digital media
strategy during his presidential
election bid in 2016 the 37 year old is
married to the president's daughter
Ivanka he took over his family's firm
after his father was jailed for tax
evasion Kushner was appointed senior
White House adviser when President Trump
was inaugurated in January last year
despite his lack of government
experience he was tasked with resolving
the israeli-palestinian conflict and was
the president's lead advisor on
relations with China Mexico and Canada
he's being scrutinized for his alleged
links to Russia's interference in
Trump's presidential campaign Kushner
admits meeting the Russian ambassador
but denies collusion let's now get the
thoughts of our guests joining us here
with me in Doha Clyde Wilcox a professor
of government at Georgetown University
in Washington DC Bruce Fein he's a
former US associate Deputy Attorney
General and in Beirut Rami Khouri senior
fellow at the Assam Faddis Institute for
Public Policy at the American University
of Beirut welcome to all of you collide
I want to start with you president Trump
famously said that there was no conflict
of interest when it comes to the
president of the US but it's a different
story for Jared Kushner I mean there is
conflict of interest that applies to him
correct oh yes absolutely
there's a lot that's unprecedented here
so we have the son-in-law and the
daughter of the president in the White
House the son-in-law having an enormous
portfolio but as he travels he's
promoting his business he's seeking
business loans from countries that he is
dealing with and so it's a it's a even
in the best of cases even imagine it's
squeaky clean there's a smell to that
right there's a problem with that
arranged
Bruce how worried would you be right now
if you were Jared Kushner
and why it's not only that he's seeking
loans from foreign governments that he
has portfolio over as a member of the
administration but it's known that he is
in some kind of financial straits he's
searching desperately for loans to prop
up some of his tottering real estate
investments and that's a clear sign that
intelligence community looks for when
they seeked someone who they believe may
defect or turn to be some kind of a
counterintelligence problem and that
fits I think Kushner's a financial
situation like a glove you also I think
had omitted the fact that mr. Kushner
was in that June 2016 meeting with the
Russians where they are going to promise
dirt on Hillary and he was there with
Paul Manafort and Donald Jr that's
another connection we have to him in
collusion and then we also have this
issue of him omitting literally scores
if not hundreds of foreign contacts he
had when he supplied his sf-86 that in
order to obtain a security clearance if
those things were intentionally miss
hell and withheld they could be perjury
problems with regard to mr. mr. Kushner
and lastly it's quite clear from the
leaks out of the State Department in the
White House probably mr. Kelley that mr.
Kushner has virtually no allies many
enemies and the only person who's saving
him is mr. Trump himself the president
and mr. Trump is known to be quite
erratic with regard to his loyalties
he's narcissistic I think to say the
least and I would feel very precarious
of our mr. Krishna at present but I mean
critics of both President Trump and
Jared Kushner say that Kushner's
position in the White House makes a
mockery of federal guidelines to prevent
nepotism and conflicts of interest but
if if there are guidelines that are in
place I mean are they just being ignored
well it seems that virtually the entire
legacy of modern American governance and
constitutional norms is being ignored or
at least twisted or reinterpreted
the way that one man wants to do that
Donald Trump he sees the presidency as
an extension of his own career rather
than as a public responsibility and
Trust the really big problem along with
all the other ones that have been
mentioned by my fellow guests about the
impropriety and the ethical issues is
that Kushner doesn't seem to have any
competence in any of the things that
he's actually entrusted with as far as
we can tell the area where we have them
he doesn't do press conferences he
doesn't allow himself to be questioned
there's no real public accountability or
transparency the only area where we have
quite a bit of knowledge about what he
is actually doing is the
palestinian-israeli peace talks that
he's supposed to be coordinating or
heading and he's he's proved totally
incompetent they're not only incompetent
but he's he the policies that he's
pursued have pushed the United States
into the greatest isolation globally
that it's ever been on this issue 14 to
1 against the US and the Security
Council the talks are broken down the
Palestinians won't even to talk won't
even meet the vice president when he
goes to to Jerusalem and Bethlehem so
the level of impropriety or apparent
impropriety let's say is matched by a
level of incompetence that is quite
shocking for any branch of government
let alone the White House quite I want
to I want to build on what Romney was
just saying there he was talking about
Jared Krishna's role as an envoy for
peace in the Middle East now Jared
Christian's recently had his security
clearance downgraded in order to be a
peace envoy especially in such a
volatile region as this wouldn't one
need to have access to top-secret
information to help facilitate that job
yes I think it's remarkable that he had
a top secret clearance as long as he did
given the problems that there are other
guests have mentioned about his debt and
the seeking out the money and so forth
and the many many versions of the forms
he's been filing he's been incompetent
to date and now he will have even less
information than in the past
the fact that is pointed out that mr.
krishna has virtually no confidence in
any of the areas of the portfolio that
he's handling makes you suspect that the
reason why he even accepted the position
that he enjoys in the White House was as
a surrogate to advance his business
interest there's nothing that suggests
mr. Kushner as not only any competence
but any interest in pursuing these areas
so asks well well then why did he accept
a position in the white house other than
to advance his business interest that
creates the conflict that you've pointed
out earlier okay Bruce let me let me
follow up that by asking you he's had
his security clearance downgraded he no
longer has access to the president's
daily intelligence briefing do we know
what he has access to at this point it's
the top secret in what's called
specialized compartmental information he
does not have access to but he would
have access to what's called secret now
in classified information that's lower
rung sensitivity of information now
that's the executive branch who decides
what to stamp is secret or classified or
top-secret it's a largely subjective
area so we don't know exactly what
information he does have still available
to him but I think the symbolic gesture
of mr. Kelley suggesting that he no
longer has confidence that he should be
entrusted with the president's Daily
Brief indicates that mr. Kelley will not
include mr. Kushner on discussions these
may not be documents that could involve
a sensitive classified information he's
been frozen out so he's kind of a lone
ranger now and he doesn't have the
ability to consult with others because
he's viewed somewhat as a pariah at the
highest level in the chief of staff
Romney isn't it the case that the
architects of American democracy thought
it was a bad idea to hire presidential
relatives I mean are we now seeing
evidence of why so many who came before
in American government were so loathe to
have relatives of presidents working
alongside presidents in the White House
right you've had this occasionally in
history had Robert Kennedy as Attorney
General for John Kennedy but they would
that was done under certain
circumstances that were seen to be
acceptable but the thing about Trump the
whole Trump
family under President Donald Trump is
that they have basically turned on its
head this extraordinarily impressive
legacy of American constitutionalism and
governance by the people for the people
enough the people and there are cases of
course of corruption and abuse of power
and unethical behavior in the United
States and those are often caught not
every one of them but the the central
tenet of American governance is that
it's a system based on the rule of law
not on the rule of personal people men
and women who enrich themselves as is
the case in much of the rest of the
third world and other parts of of the
world so this is the real tragedy and
danger of what is happening in the u.s.
compounded just yesterday when Trump
apparently said that he likes what
President Xi is doing in China having
you know rule for perpetual rule for
life and maybe he'll try it himself one
day so this is where the real story is
how far and how effectively can the
institutions of American life the press
the courts the political parties
citizens peacefully demonstrating
education system how can they push back
using those instruments of
constitutional governance to protect the
constitutionalism as it has been
practiced for two and a quarter
centuries and this is the real test I
think in the final analysis that's why
Kushner is such a glaring insult not
just to Arabs and Israelis when he's
presented as the as the peace negotiator
he's an insult to the United to the
American people and their own legacy of
having the rule of law and we'll see how
this plays out quite I saw you react to
what the Romney was saying what are your
thoughts was your reaction with Romney
was saying yeah so I agree and I'd like
to sort of think about we we know why
Kushner might accept but why would
Donald Trump have put a novice with no
experience in this position and the one
thing we know about Donald Trump he's
narcissistic he also trusts no one he
really has no close personal friends
they're all business relationships and
so the people he trusts you know are his
family and he's but totally
irresponsible to give this much
you know of a portfolio to someone with
so little experience Bruce the
Washington Post reported that US
intelligence services had determined
that officials in four countries
including the UAE China and Israel that
they had been privately discussing how
to use Jared Kushner's real estate
investments as a way to gain leverage
over him in order to influence official
US policy so this becomes about more
than concerns of nepotism right I mean
this becomes more about concerns about
national security at this point correct
that is right that he do loyalties that
they see that his financial straits
enable them perhaps to sway his views by
offering money or loans or otherwise
they see him very vulnerable and the
other area that I'd like to just amplify
the earlier statements about turning
constitutionalism on its head there are
two elements of mr. Trump's behavior
that are really quite disturbing gone
beyond any previous president number one
you know he openly says I need an
attorney general to protect me it he
views his other government officials and
cabinets they are not to protect the
Constitution the American people protect
him individually the second thing is
that he demands personal loyalty to
himself says your loyalty is to me mr.
Trump not to the Constitution of the
United States now we know where that
originated no that was the oath that
Hitler demanded of his civil servants in
the military and it's really quite
extraordinary I served in the government
for 15 years and my loyalty was the
Constitution I served during the Nixon
administration when he was under assault
when he said if the President does that
it means it legal and never did I once
think that my loyalty was to anything
but the Constitution that's what Elliot
Richardson said when he resigned that's
what Bill Ruckelshaus said that's why
the system worked the difference is at
that time there was a revolt against
these ideas mr. Trump system and there's
complacency with the Republicans in
Congress and elsewhere that's truly
extraordinary
dorami I want to talk about the reports
that there was a possible deal between
Cutler and Jared Kushner and Kushner's
businesses that that fell through just
weeks fell through and then weeks later
the White House possibly backed the
blockade against Cutler whether this was
coincidence or whether this was
retaliation how severely does that
undermine the credibility of the US well
it certainly
looks bad for the white house we don't
know the exact details and there's only
probably three or four people in the
world who do know who were involved in
those talks but it certainly looks very
bad what's clear is that when the Saudis
Emiratis Bahrainis and Egyptians put the
siege on Qatar Qatar in June early June
of last year the American response was
totally confused you had the White House
the Defense Department the State
Department all saying slightly different
things it took them about a month to
more or less get on the get on the same
message so it's not clear who is
actually making policy on that issue but
it certainly looks bad for a Kushner for
Trump for the White House and for the
American political system that somebody
would go and try to get a massive multi
hundred million dollar investment or
loan to save a sinking real estate
project and then when that is turned
down that that same person joins the
chorus against Qatar but this is part of
the bigger problem again of the White
House there are there's a over a dozen
people who have resigned from the White
House senior positions and there's five
or six people who are somehow linked to
Trump or his campaign or his White House
or his staff who have been indicted some
of them have already pleaded guilty so
there's just a big big complex of people
who are behaving in ways that the
American culture sees as inappropriate
unethical illegal or even dangerous and
that's why there's a special prosecutor
the full power of the law has now been
brought in to investigate all these
issues whether it's Russia and the
campaign and now its dealings of Kushner
and other things are being investigated
as well so it's a Kushner is the is the
kind of tip of the iceberg here he's the
most dramatic and most glaring example
of this apparently unethical behavior he
still hasn't been indicted there are
mostly reports in the press that we're
dealing with so we just have to give the
guy his constant
rights and wait till the actual facts
come out in a court of law or in some
other mechanism but it seems that he's
just a tip of a much bigger iceberg a
bigger problem of people who behave in
this way and they are very much the
reflection of Donald Trump's way of life
Clyde the New York Times is reporting
that an advisor to the UAE s crown
prince has been questioned and the
Special Counsel Robert Muller wants to
know whether George Nadler who's a
regular visitor to the White House
attempted to buy political influence I
mean how is the region seeing the u.s.
in the midst of all this reporting
that's going on especially in light of
the GCC crisis well I'm sure there's as
I said before the real problem is
whether there's anything here or not we
have to be suspicious right from what
I've heard Kushner has pushed business
deals in the middle of a conversation
about policy as he's traveled through
the region and I think it's just a great
problem for America that we have a man
who has been mixing these things up
because you have to assume the worst if
you're another country first Jared
Kushner divested himself from only a
small portion of Kushner companies
before he started working at the White
House but he's retained substantial
substantial ownership still what I'd
like to know is how different is that
what he did in comparison to what other
officials who were entering government
work or the White House did to divest
themselves from their businesses well I
think it was standard practiced up until
the Trump administration that someone
coming into the administration would put
their serious assets in a blind trust
and they would have no control over what
was invested they wouldn't know what
deals were being done and that was a way
to ensure that they couldn't have you
know a conflict of interest it's really
say it's unprecedented that they're open
and notorious retention of business
interests that obviously could be
influenced by American foreign policy
create clearly and the appearance of
divided loyalties here and it's a sad
day when the standard for remaining in
public life and the White House is well
you're not been indicted for a felony
yet
I mean surely we demand more of our
public servants than well you skated
above the felonious line and that's kind
of what we're giving Jared Kushner too I
mean not only combined with the
incompetence but with the obvious
suggestion of nepotism and conflict of
interest
he should voluntarily depart because the
appearance problem that we have but
that's something that the Trump people
resisted putting all their assets in a
blind trust and you have to ask them why
is that why would they not be
comfortable putting assets in a blind
trust and the only answer that's readily
apparent is because they wanted to use
their political stature to promote their
business interests Romney turning back
to the Mideast peace process again and
building on something you said a short
while ago you know it's been reported in
the last few days that Jared Kushner now
wants to pivot wholeheartedly into into
presenting his plan for
israeli-palestinian peace but not only
is that difficult because of his
security clearance is being downgraded
it's also difficult because of a lack of
credibility
the people are accusing him of having
many of his critics say he's just not an
objective player because he has
extensive business ties to Israel I mean
how is it he can now pivot into this
would he be taken seriously in this
process it can't be taken seriously at
all and that's one reason why it's
gotten nowhere and not only has it
gotten nowhere but the Trump
administration with Kushner's
involvement with a Dulce me Sheldon
Adelson the the big Pro Israeli
financier and a political donor who
supports right-wing groups in Israel and
the United States who was supported
Trump with you and other people have
taken the initiative on the Jerusalem
decision that the United States
government made to move his embassy to
Jerusalem which has completely wiped out
3040 years of diplomatic negotiations
which haven't succeeded fully but
clearly we're creating a set of rules
and an outline for what a final
permanent israeli-palestinian
arab-israeli peace could look like and
has completely thrown that out
window and generated huge obstacles in
the way of just even getting the
Israelis and Palestinians to talk to one
another has wiped out the credibility of
the United States as an impartial
mediator which was already very low
anyway with the legacy of Dennis Ross
and people like that and the government
who for decades promoted policies that
most people in the region and
internationally saw as leaning to the
Israelis rather than being even-handed
and and further the third problem is
that you've got this you relating to the
question you asked a couple of questions
ago what do our IRB's think of what they
see in the White House and Trump the
reality is that there are a lot of power
elites in the Arab world leaders of
governments kings and Aamir's and others
presidents who love Trump and they just
want to be part of what what he's doing
they're desperate for his support and
and therefore they are trying to get
close to him but the reality is that
these are also leaders in the Arab world
who are wildly out of touch with their
own people and have very little
credibility at home and and have massive
internal problems in their own countries
so what you're seeing is the
fragmentation of the Arab world into a
small power elite that is desperately
trying to align with a Trump or any
foreign power that'll protect them and
masses of people in the side they are
world who are much less supportive of
that are much more critical of what the
United States is doing partly because of
the mass support in the Arab world for a
just resolution of the arab-israeli
conflict that's just for the Israelis
and just for the Arabs as well and
that's not what we're getting out of the
White House so these are all you know
dimensions of the incompetence and the
political tilt that the American
government has practiced under Kushner's
amended glide critics of robert muller
charged him with working outside the
scope of his mandate that if he's
focusing on Kushner he's not doing what
he's supposed to be doing what do you
say to that well so Kushner was involved
in meetings as we've just heard with the
Russians so that's clearly within the
mandate the fact that he actually was
seeking money from Russians to makes
this whole money seeking project
connected to the Russian investigation
but special prosecutors have some leeway
and expanding the scope as they find
other examples of malfeasance the the
final thing I'd say here is that Kushner
some people of centers like the tip of
the iceberg what I've heard from many
countries as I've traveled is we have
been told to move our events to Trump
Towers we have been told to move our
events to Trump hotels so this has been
the norm of the administration to build
business for the Trump family and the
Kushner family through foreign policy
Bruce how much longer do you think
Kushner has a role in this White House
do you think he's going to be pushed out
or does he survive this in the short
term at least no III think he's done I
think he has no friends the leaks will
continue he'll be shut out of meetings
other than perhaps with mr. Trump
himself that are important and I think
that the pressure will be great and he
and Ivanka will will leave I would say
with regard to the the the writ that you
mentioned under which mr. Muller is
operating it is narrower than the
special prosecutor writs that were given
to Archibald Cox and previous special
counsels but it's super intended and
enforced by the Deputy Attorney General
who would entertain claims that he's
going beyond the scope of his
investigation that is true that it cites
collusion between Russia and the Trump
campaign as the prime target but it also
says there's a kind of a residual clause
that you know anything that emerges out
of that investigation is also fair game
but the fact is mr. Rosenstein the
Deputy Attorney General is the one who's
empowered to police whether or not he's
stepping outside of his jurisdiction and
moreover remember that even if it is
outside of his jurisdiction it's not
like the issue goes away it would just
be transferred to the main Justice
Department attorneys who would continue
to investigate if it had credibility and
we know that mr. Trump feels
uncomfortable about that he's called his
attorney general most recently
disgraceful because he gave to the
inspector general the task of
determining whether there are problems
with this vice a warrant concerning
Christopher steel in this dossier on
Trump
and so the the whether it's within or
outside the special councils writ it's
going to remain as a bird on the side of
the administration
all right gentlemen we're gonna have to
leave it there thanks to all our guests
Clyde Wilcox Bruce Fein and Rami hoody
and thank you too for watching you can
see the program again any time by
visiting our website aljazeera.com and
for further discussion go to our
Facebook page that's facebook.com
forward slash AJ Inside Story you can
also join the conversation on twitter
our handle is at aj inside story from me
Muhammad and Roman the whole team here
bye for now
you
