riot police were deployed outside the
Supreme Court as representatives of
Nepal's largest newspaper the candy boo
daily arrived for the hearing security
was tight and court authorities strict
about who else would be allowed in
so the Sharma is the newspapers editor
this is not only a case of candor PO but
of a larger case of press freedom in
Nepal this was set a precedent on how
widely or narrowly the constitutional
guarantee of free speech will be
understood the County Board daily
published a series of reports alleging
that Nepal's Chief Justice Gopal Perez
really used fake documents and falsified
his date of birth the mandatory age for
retirement is 65 the Chief Justice says
that these stories are an attack on the
judiciary system with imaginary facts
and objectionable language the Supreme
Court however already has an ongoing
investigation against the Chief Justice
on the alleged charges of fake documents
Chief Justice para Julie had issued an
order for the newspaper to appear on
charges of contempt of court he also
ordered the Press Council a press
watchdog body with government appointed
members to pre censor news against him
constitutional experts say this sets a
dangerous trend judicial self-restraint
is very important part of judges even if
they cross the limitation of the
self-restraint there may be some sort of
judicial anarchism that Weston talks
about the limiting role of the judges
and the role of the judges to respect
others views others come in with regard
to the judicial pronouncements although
previously per actually sat on his own
case despite being implicated in it do
other judges presided on Sunday the
hearing was adjourned until Monday it's
been as rush to Al Jazeera Katmandu
