it's as much about the state of politics
here that the party making all the
running is the anti politician party
it's 31 year old leader held several
part-time jobs before entering politics
five stars entire proposal is to create
a citizen's block in opposition to the
corrupt successes of the political class
but five star have vowed not to do a
coalition deal with anyone else in a
country in which you can't do government
without a coalition he leads many to
wonder if they would prefer not to be in
government at all they want probably
become the first political party to
transform and to influence the
transformation and the reconfiguration
of political system without real
government responsibility the political
bloc with the best chances this group
led by the eternally youthful Silvio
Berlusconi the 81 year old appears to
hold a magnetic attraction for his
far-right allies we've campaigned
entirely around identity politics
blaming the European Union for what they
see as an invasion of black people and
Muslims over the Mediterranean if they
gain power they claim they would deport
four hundred thousand people to Libya
hardly a ringing endorsement of the
European Union's anyone who arrives here
illegally must be sent back if we keep
welcoming them and look after them the
state will collapse it doesn't work
economically or socially but if the
polls are accurate the far-right might
not get enough votes for a stable
government many Italians are revolted at
the idea of Berlusconi choosing the next
prime minister so what then it's hardly
unusual for Italian politicians to
promise one thing and then change their
minds and even though Silvio Berlusconi
insists his right-wing coalition is the
only one on offer many suspect that in
the events of political stasis he and
the center-left
might do a deal for a sort of grand
the Coalition supposedly for the good of
Italy but even that would only be a
temporary measure with a view to even
more elections all of it reflects a
bigger malaise in European politics from
Rome to London and Berlin there's a lack
of confidence no clear direction
morosely al jazeera Rome
