witnesses said the ethnic Len do militia
went from house to house hacking people
to death with machetes and burning the
buildings afterwards the victims came
from the majority ethnic Hema group and
the number of fatalities makes this the
most deadly attack in the recent uptick
in violence between them footage from
mazhai shows some villagers looking
shocked others appearing vengeful and
angry the Ituri region was already
blighted by food shortages and now this
lemare people are dying here and there
is nobody to bury the bodies and the
children are also dying of hunger
there is no supervision we're worried we
want peace to return among the
population so that everyone can go back
to their homes or we can be safe but
soldiers are thin on the ground
despite the reassurances of the army we
are here with official instructions from
the president to see what is going on
and see how to resolve this situation
urgently the violence in the province or
victory has forced 200,000 people to
flee their homes and at Bunya town a
visit by the provincial governor did
little to reassure some of them the himr
and lendo are long-standing enemies and
outbreaks of low-level violence have
been common but not on such a scale as
this Paul Brennan al-jazeera
