these are the everyday encounters
residents of Neffe Salah have with
Israeli soldier any have had the power
to shift perceptions and news narratives
the way this one has a video of it then
16 year old I had the tomini outside her
home in the occupied West Bank the video
resonated far beyond Israel's borders
turning to me me into a villain a hero a
paid-for vaquita
and a symbol of resistance what happens
with that it's I mean the case is that
it it got a massive coverage in the
outside which we haven't seen lately
when it comes to Palestine and I think
that confused the Israeli propaganda
machine they didn't know how to deal
with this button you're raising your
daughter ahead as a propagator is a
violent gangster they prefer to find
ways to delete atomized or put doubts on
the Tamimi family the first reaction of
the Israeli public they loved this clip
and everyone shared it saying look they
are very proud of the Israeli soldier
for constraining himself shinier I
didn't know daily and each manatee
bigger bug do larger then something
interesting happen then people starting
to watch it from a different angle how
do we let a little girl talk like that
and threatening in hitting a soldier and
we do nothing
Kanchana as limiting there really were
two narratives one was of the heroic
soldier who did not respond to the blow
he received the second narrative was of
the weak soldier who should have for
instance taken the weapon and delivered
the blow with it even fired a shot both
of these narratives entirely ignore the
Palestinian pilot I mean and this
reminds us that in Israeli media
Palestinians actually do not exist for
the staining nets and okay I mean the
imagine Palestinian women are all
oppressed
massive veiled always in the background
ahead is the extreme opposite of that
she's young has supposedly European
features she reflects the image Israelis
have of themselves suddenly a
Palestinian sabotages that self-image so
how did they deal with it they say look
at her hair look at her eyes she can't
be Palestinian she's just acting
Palestinian and all of this is just
theater yella Dame ballet Kazuto odd
mother of eight yet a demon a machine
Sal blonde enable of wushu medic I I
feel doing Markova come a baseball of
for the Israeli media reaction to Tamimi
cannot be understood without examining
the case of ello Azaria Azaria is an
Army medic who in 2016 was filmed
executing a Palestinian man who just
tried to stab a soldier he was put on
trial which outraged many Israelis some
in the media argued it would limit the
ability of soldiers to act decisively in
the future now having seen that flap go
unchallenged they say it should not go
unpunished one israeli journalist ben
caspere's wrote that a price would be
best extracted from Tamimi on another
occasion in the dark without witnesses
and cameras we're not talking here about
an unknown journalist we are talking
about one of the most influential and
important journalists in israeli society
who wrote an article full of
insinuations that are really horrifying
everyone can imagine what he's referring
to when he writes about a lesson in the
dark with no cameras Alma caught Fahad
the presence of cameras helps fuel a
media war both sides understand that
sometimes the right image at the right
time can be a powerful weapon this was
not I headed to Mimi's first viral
encounter with an Israeli soldier images
like this one turned her into a national
icon aged 11 at 14 a video of her trying
to pull her brother from the grips of a
soldier received international attention
which is why so many people in Israel
refused to believe the latest video was
anything more than a provocation a trap
designed to elicit a violent response
that could be used to discredit Israel
abroad the Tamizh high profile
resistance to an illegal land grab by a
neighboring Israeli settlement has made
them a target of the Israeli military
my head's cousin Muhammad was shot in
the head minutes before the now-infamous
slap but the Army has cast doubt on the
story calling it fake news saying the
injury that led to a third of his skull
being removed was caused not by a bullet
but a bike crash and the Tamizh home has
been raided dozens of times often in the
dead of night I want now all the people
in this room right now for us since the
beginning of our protest we decide to
use media as another way of or another
tool of nonviolent resistance media is
very important tool and there we could
see this clearly with the attack we are
facing now the support there worldwide
would try to cover our stories from all
over the world the sound you hear is
volleys of tear gas and rubber coated
metal bullets being fired by his ready
soldiers a routine occurrence in never
saw them at the waters we're having the
tools to record and having new media
enables you to challenge the Israeli
authorities narrative we can instantly
document and stream the moment live this
has changed the conflict equation to
some degree the movies case can be seen
within the frame of the rise of new
media if there are no cameras the issue
would have been handed in a completely
different way not just this case but
plenty of cases but unlike others this
case has received a level of exposure
Palestinians rarely get in the media The
Listening Post tried repeatedly to speak
with Israel's two largest TV stations
about their coverage but they refused to
speak to us on the record off the record
some of those we spoke to defended their
coverage of Palestinians and rejected
the notion that they're telling Israeli
audiences exactly what they want to hear
conflict doesn't sell if you watch
commercial channels and websites and
newspaper you hardly read about the
conflict because we can live without
knowing about the suffering of the
Palestinians it's not hurting us even in
tammy's case they decided now to close
the doors and do the trials without the
Israeli media because nobody want to
hear they on TV news broadcasts you can
track ratings minute by minute and when
a feature about Arabs does not present
them in an entirely negative way and
actually even if it does present them in
an entirely negative way the ratings go
down all the commercial media outlets
know that not only will you lose
audience interest you'll later receive
complaints asking why you're even
dealing with them they're our enemies
we're not supposed to know anything
about the data lane shaunduvall
finding balance on this story is
particularly difficult given the media's
comfortable relationship with the
military
almost every Israeli serves in the army
some of the country's top editors and
reporters even learn their craft in the
army radio station that's intimacy is
best illustrated by Israel's military
correspondents what really stood out in
the segment broadcast by channel 10 is
the way the military reporter all hello
speaks for the IDF spokesperson as he
does everyday action you can criticize
the political system but you cannot
criticize the army the media is serving
the army these military correspondents
are the mouthpiece of the military
industry when it comes to the occupation
of Palestinians they reproduce the
propaganda of the Israeli military and
they don't challenge it an establishment
media that mostly protects the image of
the army audiences that have little time
for nuanced representations of
Palestinians and journalists who are
happy to keep it that way
and the HERA a vinner for the internet
age being tried behind closed doors in a
military course within a hundred percent
conviction rate this is how you render a
50 year occupation invisible
