when disturbing reports out of Libya in
2017 exposed horrible images of a
modern-day slave trade with captured
migrants and refugees being auctioned
off for labor people around the world
were stunned but the reality is this
exists beyond Libya from the UK and the
Gulf countries to India and China today
there are actually over 40 million
modern-day slaves victims of forced
labor human trafficking and debt bondage
and were more complicit than you might
think
across Italian farmland we're sunkissed
tomatoes are harvested each season
thousands of migrant farm workers from
across Europe Africa and as far away as
India are working in conditions of
absolute exploitation with wages
withheld and workers documents
confiscated to keep them from fleeing
migrants are often forced to work 12
hours a day seven days a week with
outbreaks and even subject to repeated
rape and sexual assault these conditions
help Italy remain one of the world's
largest tomato producers in Brazil slave
labor is rampant in cattle farms with
the ranch hands working under the threat
of being killed wages are regularly
withheld as debts to the employer
sometimes for years and workers are
often forbidden from leaving the ranches
where they're treated like animals even
sometimes sleeping in the same Corral as
the cattle for many slavery has become
the grim trademark of Brazilian beef
which includes China and the EU as
clients in its multibillion-dollar
export industry I take Thailand the
world's third largest seafood exporter
is also one of the world's most
notoriously dangerous work environments
reports have found men and women from
Cambodia and Myanmar being tricked
kidnapped or sold into fishing
operations and during forced starvation
sleep deprivation and even being chained
by headed or thrown overboard from
making mistakes we're talking about a
seven billion dollar global export
industry over 200 million of which is
just for pet food in the US
yes modern slavery should stun the world
but it needs to go beyond that if we as
consumers and companies don't pay
attention to supply chains behind the
things we buy the world's most
vulnerable will continue to be exploited
for cheaper goods because too many it's
not personal it's just business
you
