the symbol of the apartheid era
government South Africa's old flag is
controversial and too many deeply
offensive here members of the white
supremacist AWB party held it at the
funeral of their leader in 2010 the
Nelson Mandela Foundation has asked a
court to ban gratuitous displays of it
the flag is synonymous with apartheid
and to have it displayed is really it's
a celebration of the apartheid crime
against humanity
and a humiliation of its victims it's an
ambiguously expression that denies the
human dignity of those who suffered
under apartheid and particularly black
people the current flag was designed at
the end of apartheid to depict the
rainbow nation here at the 2010 World
Cup it was embraced the old one nowhere
to be seen but not everyone agrees the
old one should be banned a free forum is
an organization that represents
Afrikaners who are among South Africa's
white minority it's deputy CEO told us
the organisation's against anyone flying
the flag but says it should not be
banned if someone stands some way waving
the old South African flag that's not
hate speech it's offensive it's not hate
speech if that person waves the flag and
says let's go and hurt black people
Danny take speech the petition to ban
the flag will be presented to the
Equality Court which sits in here
opponents will also be able to make
their case and if the Nelson Mandela
foundation succeeds and the flag is
banned anyone who flies it thereafter
could face a penalty but it's unlikely
to ever amount to more than a fine this
couple were both born after the end of
apartheid Oh Sikhs are I've never seen
but after we explained I think if it's
often some people and it should be paint
I mean after all it is an epithet flag
so yeah I think it should be paint if it
offends is like some other people our
country it's a free country
you see everyone it's welcome here so I
think we can still have it is because it
will show where you come from
I know it is rare for the flag to be
shown in public but the Nelson Mandela
Foundation wants that to end once and
for all
Malcolm Webb al Jazeera Johannesburg
South Africa
