hello I'm hasnÂ´t seeker this is counting
the cost on al-jazeera your weekly look
at the world of business and economics
this week we'll look at how Italy's
fragile economic recovery could be at
risk of melting away that's if the next
government fails to address some key
issues stealing for a global trade war
US President Donald Trump's announcement
to slap tariffs on steel and aluminium
sparks an international outcry plus the
fifth generation mobile phone companies
talk a lot about five G but what is it
exactly and does it even matter so Italy
the euro zone's third largest economy
goes to the polls this Sunday in a
fiercely contested general election
migration the economy and corruption
have split the political field Lawrence
Lee traveled to Sicily one region
heavily affected by the refugee crisis
Sicily loves fishing in the town of
Mazzara is in the perfect spot it's
right in the southwest corner of the
island across the Mediterranean Tunisia
is just 200 kilometers away the old town
is a warren of narrow streets there's
been a North African casbah here for 12
centuries the Tunisian population grew
about 50 years ago as Sicilians
emigrated themselves is that achievable
and as the mayor proudly points out to
that immigration has proved hugely
valuable for the economy won't be so
newly a Marine ie we needed sailors and
they worked on our fishing boats we
needed farmers and they worked in our
fields for generations later their
children as distinguishing themselves in
our schools and the jobs market but the
Africans making the journey to Italy in
the 21st century are finding things far
harder accuser Sicilian they're being a
bit racist and you really won't like
what they say back to you because this
place prides itself on having an entire
history of being welcoming and
hospitable to everybody but the problem
is that the European Union has so badly
mismanaged the refugee reception crisis
and put so much pressure on Sicily
even here attitudes of shifting head
north up the coast to Palermo and you
can see how Sicily has suffered the
economy bled dry by the mafia and
ignored or insulted by political parties
that regards southern Italians as stupid
peasants one of those very parties used
to be called the Northern League now
it's taken northern out of its name and
is actively campaigning in Sicily having
spent years being rude about Sicilians
being poor it's now trying to convince
them that refugees are causing their
poverty if you let hundreds of thousands
of people in you can't absorb them
secondly who are you really letting in
criminals it could be anyone there is no
analysis the refugees are damaging the
Sicilian economy the Mafia and political
corruption did all that for those who
try to offer opportunities to these new
migrants the shifting of blame is a
cynical attempt by national politicians
to divert attention in Sicily away from
problems that they created OG nowadays
there are political parties which a
racist and they're using fear and
suggesting that someone might steal what
we have they promise to protect us the
ball faxes are the total failure of the
European Union to share refugees across
the continents has placed enormous
strain on one of the poorest parts of
Italy and given the hard right wing a
huge opportunity in this election
Mazzara and it's happy tunisian enclaves
is now the exception well joining us now
from london is jeremy cook chief
economist at world-first thanks for
being with us so first of all how
important is this whole issue of
migration and refugees for the Italian
economy it's probably the most important
issue in the very very short term
because it's probably the issue that's
going to determine how this election
really goes in the grand scheme of
things there are a lot more important
issues for the Italian economy still
talking about structural unemployment
which we've had since 2008 the problems
within the financial services sector
non-performing loans for example a lack
of
tippity all of these longer scale issues
that will impact the economy much much
longer than the migrational effects of
one or two summers as we've as we've
seen and on that I mean Italy has made
some some strides though economically in
in recent years but many Italians are
not seeing it why is that well the
Italian economy is actually growing out
of three consecutive years which is not
something that a lot of people have
predicted given the given the headwinds
to the Italian economy unfortunately
however it is one of the one of the main
economies out there one of the OECD
economies out there which hasn't
returned to its level of GDP that we had
back in 2007 Greece is another example
of this and it's shackled by high debt
the reason why it's not translating into
into put the pockets of the Italian
populace is that unemployment is still
very very high one-third in the Italian
18 to 25 year olds are still unemployed
and therefore when you're looking at
high unemployment you're looking at an
economy in an environment where wage
levels are likely to be rising
productivity remains very very weak it's
about 10 percent below the numbers that
you see in Germany for example or in the
UK and therefore the average Italian is
having to work just a little bit harder
to get to the same level of productivity
as elsewhere in Europe and that's
obviously affecting their growth
affecting their pay prospects and
effecting sentiment as well and the
issue as well of Italy's public debt is
still very much there I mean how is the
new government going to have to deal
with that very very carefully to be
honest you look at the campaign's of
most of the coalition's and most of the
parties within this Italian election and
all of them are basically talking about
higher spending debt to GDP is still
very very high that's been as a result
of obviously an expansion of the
expansion of the debt pile and also the
slow run of GDP that we have seen one it
has been positive it's been it's been
slow over the course the past three or
four years or so so we're not likely to
see any form of debt reduction strategy
coming out of this election purely
because if they if the government of the
day goes for it then the voters are
quite Abele be able to turn
and say hey that's not what we voted for
it wasn't an any of your in any of your
campaign pledges but we do need to see
investment within the Italian economy
the amount of investment that we've seen
into Italy from from outside of outside
of the country has been very very poor
over the course the past ten years it's
been half of what it we've seen in
France about an eighth of what's
happened in the UK we're seeing as well
a real brain drain coming out of Italy I
know that's partly to do with the youth
unemployment which you talked about
earlier but how much of a factor is the
kind of the ease of doing business in
Italy and and and all of the the
complications of the the structure there
and and how the economy works Italy is
is famously a country which loves its
red tape and the ease of doing business
the ease of setting up a business has
got a lot better in the past ten years
or so I believe around ten years ago
they were worse than a hundred and
fiftieth in the world for a country for
doing business in and now it's up around
14th or 15th I believe so it's got a lot
better it's got a lot better very very
quickly but still below Germany still
below France so moving forward nearly as
we talked about earlier there's a lot
more investment needs to go into
regional governments within within Italy
because as much as we can talk about the
Italian state the majority of the
Italian state that businesses setting up
in in Tuscany or in Puglia or wherever
it may be have to deal with will be the
local issues and those are still very
very behind the times as it were
Jeremy cook thanks very much for your
time thank you our US President Donald
Trump has said he will slap new tariffs
on imports of steel and aluminium it was
one of trumps key campaign pledges but
the announcement is already fueling
fears of a global trade war the European
Union and Canada have already said they
will retaliate and opponents in the u.s.
say it will end up hurting businesses
and consumers Kristin salumi has more
president Donald Trump announced steep
tariffs on steel and aluminum imports
after this White House meeting much to
the delight of visiting industry
representatives who say they've been
hurt by a flood of cheap imports
they've been very unfairly treated by
bad policy by bad trade deals by other
countries they've been horribly treated
by other countries and they have not
been properly represented more
importantly because of that our workers
in our country have not been properly
represented the president promised to
impose a 25% tariff on steel and 10% on
aluminum they're going to bring seal
back he was making good on a campaign
promise to revive US manufacturing and
address a trade imbalance with China a
position that saw him win big in
so-called Rust Belt states like
Pennsylvania where he promised to bring
back jobs but it's unclear if the
tariffs will apply to other trade
partners like Canada from whom the u.s.
imports the most steel some of trumps
cabinet are said to have fought against
the tariffs the announcement catching
his staff off-guard we're not gonna get
into any more details until those funds
those details are finalized and it
angered Canada's foreign minister who
said any increase would be unacceptable
any restrictions would harm workers the
industry and manufacturers on both sides
of the border she said the steel and
aluminum industry is highly integrated
and supports critical North American
manufacturing supply chains and while
steel and aluminum makers saw their
stocks or on the announcement the market
overall sunk on fears of a trade war and
harm to companies who will be hit by
higher prices the president promised a
formal announcement of his plans and
presumably more details next week now
trading relations are at the heart of
what breaks it is all about the UK wants
a break slit treaty on trade to avoid
crashing out of the European Union and
this week Brussels put forward a deal
which was the result of months of
negotiations but the UK is not happy
with what it says about Northern
Ireland's as nadine barber reports
just over a year before brexit due to
happen Brussels and Britain still seem
far apart European Union chief
negotiator Misha Bonnie a says one of
the main points in the new draft
withdrawal treaty is how to avoid a hard
border on the island of Ireland and
controversially it contains as a
solution of last resort a common
regulatory area in effect keeping
Northern Ireland in a customs union with
the EU separate to the rest of the UK I
simply say that we put this back stop
and we'll discuss it with our British
counterparts out of precaution so that
there is a solution to preserve the
fifth Friday agreement if the future
relationship brings a better solution we
will replace it but we'll suppress this
protocol it's as simple as that if the
whole of Britain is no longer in a
customs union with the EU after brexit
many experts warn that means border
checks between Northern Ireland and the
Republic of Ireland as an EU member and
that could endanger the Good Friday
Agreement which brought peace and
power-sharing to the north on Wednesday
Theresa May told Parliament no Prime
Minister could accept what the EU draft
text was proposing but she remained
committed to avoiding a hard border the
foreign secretary and I are absolutely
committed to ensuring that we deliver on
no hard border between Northern Ireland
and Ireland
that's the position of the UK government
it's the position of the parties in
Northern Ireland it's the position of
the Irish government and it was what we
agreed
in the December agreement of that joint
report the opposition Labour Party has
just committed itself to keeping Britain
in some sort of customs union avoiding
the problem of the Irish border and they
went on the attack remember when we had
brexit means brexit then we had red
white and blue brexit which presumably
appealed to the members opposite then we
had liberal brexit and now we have
ambitious managed divergence the
government is so divided the Prime
Minister is incapable of delivering a
coherent and decisive plan for exit next
week Michele Bonnier will be meeting the
leaders of the parties in Northern
Ireland's power-sharing government
including Eileen Foster's DUP huah
staunchly Pro brexit the new text could
still be changed significantly
but it's acted as a reminder of how much
progress needs to be achieved between
now and March next year all right still
to come on counting the costs why the
once dominant position of diesel-run
cars is under threat in the country that
invented the diesel engine
but first technology companies are
promising to change people's lives with
superfast wireless mobile networks
so-called 5g systems are the main focus
of the Mobile World Congress in
Barcelona but critics are warning of a
growing digital divide Charly Angela
reports entering an exhibition of the
future over a hundred thousand people
six thousand CEOs and delegations from a
hundred and eighty governments here to
see what new products will transform our
lives but the most significant
innovation is invisible 5g a wireless
network that will enable self-driving
cars virtual reality and smart cities
there's a path of evolution through
mobile telecoms and you know we've gone
through the first generation second
third fourth generation so 4G is the
fourth generation and mobile telecoms 5g
is another generation but it's
fundamentally quite different to
everything we've seen so far for us 5g
will mean faster data transfer ten times
faster than 4G 5g will mean we can
download a feature film onto our phone
in a second and stream virtual reality
applications
it'll also mean quicker response time 5g
will reduce the amount of time that
takes for data to be transferred which
could be especially important in
connected cars like this which might
have to break suddenly it will also mean
more devices the more reliable service
will mean millions of products could be
connected to the internet from cookers
to lighting systems one of those devices
could be this air taxi developed by
Huawei a passenger drone operated from a
control center that can travel over 15
kilometres we're still a few years away
from full 5g coverage here industry
leaders the united nations and
governments are trying to iron out
policy standards and regulation and 5g
compatible devices won't appear in shops
until 2020 we're standardizing the
technology in 2018 at the end of this
year and then we're looking to roll out
new networks in 2019 the leading
countries at the moment are the US the
UAE and and South Korea it might be
revolutionary but it's also going to be
expensive 300 billion dollars to cover
that United States is an estimate by
Barclays Bank the majority of countries
won't be able to afford 5g widening the
global digital divide millions of people
already don't have reliable access to
the Internet and as a result they're
locked out of the digital economy and
jobs market so while this new wave of
technology promises a better future
it doesn't promise an equal future
Charly Angela for counting the cost
Barcelona now let's take a step back for
a second and ask who really benefits
from 5g well it's closely linked to the
survival of the telecoms industry last
week Gartner reported the first year on
year decline in smartphone sales for the
critical holiday quarter since 2004 the
industry needs new technology to trigger
a new burst of profitability and growth
they want consumers like you and me and
businesses to buy equipment and mobile
services and here's a word you may also
hear a lot about spectrum this is how
companies use the airwaves for
communications spectrum is actually a
sovereign asset and governments haven't
even started auctioning off the spectrum
needed for 5g yet well joining us now
from London is Daniel Gleason a senior
analyst in consumer technology with
london-based / thanks for being with us
Daniel so just tell us then why does 5g
matter so much if you had to explain
this to a layman in a nutshell what is
it all about really 5g of course is it's
the next generation of mobile technology
it's gonna be faster and more reliable
internet speeds on your phone but more
than that it's all about having very low
latency connections so very reliable and
very quick responding connections and
particularly it's gonna be very very
important for enabling new new use cases
for this technology particularly in
things like connected cars or on our
various Internet of Things applications
and when we talk about technology we
often talk about the what's known as the
digital divide that there is this big
gap between between different
communities different cultures over how
much how much access they have to the
latest technology it does this risk
further widening the digital divide
there is always this risk but one of the
big things that operators are doing with
5g in particular is that they are using
it in very high frequency spaces what's
the nones millimeter wave and in this
area you have very very high amounts of
bandwidth which is perfectly suitable
for doing point-to-point communications
to rural communities and to isolated
areas so this is ideal for helping
provide that last mile connection which
for example that fiber broadband simply
cannot do due to the costs involved so
that's probably one of the big promises
of 5g that in that very high frequency
band that can help and bridge that gap
in a way that previous mobile
technologies
we were not able to and what sort of
privacy issues does this bring up I mean
when it comes to 4G for example we we
have already had to give up a lot in
that area is 5g gonna be the same well
in terms of privacy that's more of a an
application-level basis the technology
itself is fairly like secure is very
very secure the main issues in terms of
privacy and security Comrie on the
application level in terms of what your
apps are doing and who they're sending
that data to obviously of course within
5g probably the thing that people on a
network level be more concerned about is
that one of the things that 5g enables
is a much smaller and denser network in
urban areas where mobile towers will
only cover you know a couple hundred
meters in each direction rather than you
know 600 to 800 meters which is what
they would usually do now as I said the
main threat in terms of security and
privacy is always going to be on the
application level where the apps like
Facebook Twitter Google and many many
other apps track your position will much
greater accuracy based off the GPS in
your device as well as having access to
you know all the matter of sensitive
information including payment
information it does all sound very
expensive doesn't it and this gets back
to the earlier issue of the digital
divide yes exactly and this has got as I
said this is probably going to be the
big big problem for operators in terms
of how exactly they decide to roll it
out it is going to be very expensive
every part of it from licensing the
spectrum on day one to building out
small networks in urban areas and
eventually building bridging that
digital divide as I said one of the
things a regulators have done regularly
in the past particularly with 4G to try
to accelerate this rollout has been to
put restrictions or rules around the
spectrum that does get licensed things
like saying oh the operator has to cover
90% or 95% of the population within a
certain length of
and often with with even with certain
pieces of spectrum they will say it must
be used for this specific purpose and
cannot be used for other ones so that's
the kind of way that governments and
regulators will try to help guide the
rollout of 5g and try to push operators
in certain directions the cost issue
though is going to be a very is gonna be
very much at the forefront when you
think particularly in Western Europe and
in North America where the mobile
networks are very very mature everybody
already has a smartphone the amount of
the proposition or the case for growth
isn't very very strong and that's why
operators in particular looking at these
automotive these industrial and IOT
related use cases for 5g to really be
the bulk of the business case they may
not be very glamorous certainly may not
be you know the most demanding in terms
of bandwidth they're very sensitive in
terms of security in terms of
reliability and in terms of latency and
that's really the strengths of 5g
compared to 4G Daniel gleason good to
speak with you thank you and finally a
court in Germany has just made it legal
for cities to ban cars that run on
diesel the ruling in Europe's largest
auto market is designed to tackle air
pollution but not all car owners are
happy Dominic Kane reports from Berlin
soon cities in Germany could enforce
bans on older diesel vehicles it's a
move environmental groups here have long
campaigned for and now thanks to a court
ruling they have it we are certainly
happy and satisfied as of today we have
diesel bans in Germany we achieved that
in both of the places that we were
fighting for dÃ¼sseldorf and stood guard
these cities have long been amongst the
most polluted in germany stuttgart
geography means vehicle emissions often
linger in the air the council is
considered introducing some form of ban
on diesel engines now it's likely to act
but this ruling spells trouble for the
automotive industry millions of vehicles
could be affected and alterations to
engines or retrofitting could cost as
much as three and a half thousand
dollars each and then there's the
uncertainty about whether other cities
might want to introduce bans just blamed
I enjoyed Umbra Steve diamond the
problem with the decision is that
differing cities could have different
regulations this concerns us because a
patchwork of different regulations would
obviously confuse drivers that's why we
hope for a reasonable nationwide
regulation until now the federal
government has resisted diesel bans
saying it hoped that emission levels
could be reduced through software
updates for older engines last autumn
Angela Merkel negotiated a deal with the
car industry that stopped short of
introducing bans on diesel engines
meaning the court ruling was unwelcome
news
what must definitely happen is that
clean air plants really have to be put
into action with the help of the
government we will discuss further
matters with the parties concerned what
is perhaps important to mention today is
that the ruling is specific to
individual cities where more needs to be
done but it really does not target the
whole country or all drivers in Germany
as clear as this ruling may seem it does
throw up many questions for Germany's
road users are their vehicles going to
be affected will they need to be
expensively retrofitted and crucially
who's going to pay for that
dominic kane al jazeera berlin and that
is our show for this week you can get in
touch with us by tweeting me at TASM
seeker and use the hashtag a JCTC when
you do or drop us an email counting the
cost that a jazeera dotnet is our
address and there's more for you on line
at aljazeera.com slash CTC that'll take
you straight to our page which has
individual reports links and entire
episodes for you to catch up on
that is it for this edition of counting
the cost I'm handsome seeker from the
whole team here thanks for joining us
the news on al Jazeera is next
