an unwelcome intrusion at the official
Washington residents of Vice President
Mike Pence when high winds sent a tree
crashing through a perimeter fence the
federal government closed offices in the
US Capitol as what's known as a
nor'easter hit with gusts of up to
nearly 100 kilometers an hour it made
its way north up the Atlantic coast of
the country it didn't stop some tourists
from visiting the White House but did
halt other travelers in their tracks
with thousands of flights canceled our
original flight was at 4:50 deceiving
airline called me told me to change a
change to the 9:40 missed it they put me
on the twelve o'clock went through the
gate and then they told me 12 o'clock is
counseled and now they put me on a 2-14
and now they are saying that if it's
counseled I got cloud tomorrow new york
and boston airports were particularly
hard-hit you can't do anything so why
cry or else going to be miserable
i would never fly if i if i got all
upset about all of the struggles and
travels from New York LaGuardia coastal
flood watches and warnings were put in
place by the National Weather Service
from North Carolina to Southern Maine
including New York's eastern suburbs
Times Square got soaked with rain while
in upstate New York
it was snow and lots of it causing power
outages and making travel treacherous
back in the capital of bald eagle ever
the national symbol hunkered down in its
nest to ride out the storm
Kristin salumi al Jazeera
