makeshift clinics in eastern Hooda have
been filling up with the wounded most of
the civilian casualties are remnant
children we are waiting for these
civilians to receive aid so we can
preserve their lives we are waiting for
a reaction from the world but that wait
for the world to help stop the attacks
on hota has gone on for years and since
the government's latest offensive began
last month
morgues have ran out of space for the
dead instead of receiving worshipers on
Friday this mosque got bombs
people here say Syrians Iranians and
Russians are mocking the United Nations
and the Security Council since the
unanimous ceasefire resolution on
Saturday there have been hundreds of
attacks on Eastern luta but this mosque
was here to praise God there are no
weapons or cannon here the regime bombed
at 10 minutes before the ceasefire why
are you the world silent on these war
crimes those allegations have echoed at
the Human Rights Council the UN Human
Rights chief says the Syrian regime and
its allies are potentially carrying out
crimes against humanity what we are
seeing in eastern water and elsewhere in
Syria are likely war crimes and
potentially crimes against humanity
civilians are being pounded into
submission or death the perpetrators of
these crimes must know that they are
being identified that dossiers are being
built up with a view to their
prosecution and that they will be held
accountable for what they have done day
five of the five hour pause and fighting
was no different from previous days with
more airstrikes and shelling close to
700 people have been killed in the
relentless bombardment the choices for
nearly 400,000 people are to starve
surrender or die
in addition to the attacks on
residential areas rebel positions on the
frontlines are also under heavy
bombardment jeschill Islam and fell a
pair of man fighters have been holding
meetings with families to assure them
they're not going to retreat we asked a
doctor in eastern Hooda about the
potential crimes against humanity
remarks and he replied with a question
has the world
drawn another red line and said never
again he asked because the Assad
government attacks on civilians have
become more brazen strong words from the
UN humanitarian chief but like other
statements and resolutions they remain
just that words with no action Osama bin
Javed al-jazeera Gaziantep near the
turkey-syria border
