Donald Trump says trade wars are good
and the US president could be about to
start one used to impose hefty tariffs
on steel and aluminium imports a move
that could harm the world economy China
and even Washington's allies are
threatening retaliation so how close are
we to an all-out trade conflict this is
inside story
hello and welcome to the program
I'm Elizabeth Branham fears of a global
trade war could soon prove a reality
after President Trump said the US will
impose costly tariffs on imported steel
and aluminium his plan has sparked
outrage around the globe with investor
spooked and stocks taking a dive the EU
is vowing to take action to defend its
interests China is calling on the White
House to exercise restraint and applying
its protective measures but Trump has
tweeted that trade wars are good and
easy to win and get to our guests in a
moment but first this report from
Kristen salumi president Donald Trump
announced steep tariffs on steel and
aluminum imports after this White House
meeting much to the delight of visiting
industry representatives who say they've
been hurt by a flood of cheap imports
they've been very unfairly treated by
bad policy by bad trade deals by other
countries they've been horribly treated
by other countries and they have not
been properly represented more
importantly because of that our workers
in our country have not been properly
represented the president promised to
impose a 25% tariff on steel and 10% on
aluminum they're going to bring steel
back he was making good on a campaign
promise to revive US manufacturing and
address a trade imbalance with China a
position that saw him win big in
so-called Rust Belt states like
Pennsylvania where he promised to bring
back jobs but it's unclear if the
tariffs will apply to other trade
partners like Canada from whom the US
imports the most steel some of trumps
cabinet are said to have fought against
the tariffs the announcement catching
his staff off-guard
we're not gonna get into any more
details until those fight those details
are finalized and it angered Canada's
foreign minister who said any increase
would be unacceptable any restrictions
would harm workers the industry and
manufacturers on both sides of the
border she said the steel and aluminum
industry is highly integrated and
supports critical North American
manufacturing supply chains and while
steel and aluminum makers saw their
stocks sore on the announcement
market overall sunk on fears of a trade
war and harm to companies who will be
hit by higher prices the president
promised a formal announcement of his
plan and presumably more details next
week Kristin salumi al Jazeera well
Australia thought it would be exempt
from such tariffs a commitment it says
Trump made last year Prime Minister
Malcolm Turnbull met the president of
the White House just last week and now
the government is expected to hold talks
with Trump officials this weekend
Australia's view is that there should be
an exemption for Australian steel and
aluminium products an imposition of a
tariff like this will do nothing other
than distort trade and ultimately we
believe will lead to a loss of jobs well
let's get a better idea of which
countries the US gets most of its steel
from using figures from the Department
of Commerce here they are in dark green
eight nations including Canada Mexico
Japan Brazil and Russia who sold a
million tons or more of steel products
to the US in 2016 you'll notice China
the world's top steel producer is not
among them and significantly however it
is one of those top four exporters of
aluminium to the US which now imports
about 90 percent of its domestic needs
and that's up from 66 percent in 2012
well let's bring in our panelists now in
London we have political economist
Philip Lorraine former special advisor
to the director-general of the World
Trade Organization in Pattaya Thailand
via Skype Heiner tangan an investment
banker who regularly advises the Chinese
government on economic and development
issues and in Philadelphia Republican
political strategist Joe Watkins who
served as a White House aide to
President George HW Bush gentlemen great
to have you with us on the program mr.
tang and let me start with you
is this about China given what President
Trump has said about targeting Chinese
imports of steel of aluminium in the
past and if it is is it completely
misguided well I think China is kind of
shocked because they don't quite know
what's made of this this was a bullet
that was aimed at China
it says severely mr. Marquez your
statistics show yes aluminum has
skyrocketed but remember the reason is
that aluminum is being used more and
more in vehicles and aircraft because
it's lighter weight it just seems at
this point that Donald Trump is very
interested in playing the victim card
but I don't know if that works when
you're the most powerful and
economically advanced nation in the
world mr. Liu grain how was this
proposal being perceived do you think
not just in China but around the world
given the number of countries that
import these products to the US I think
it's being taken very badly I mean it
affects roughly 2% of US imports roughly
50 billion dollars a year
it's part of a broader pattern of
protectionism you know in the comments
from Donald Trump saying the trade wars
are good and easy to win I like throwing
fuel on the fire
so they he's almost sort of asking for
retaliation which in turn could spread
and I think the biggest worry of all is
is the justification for this which or
the pretext that it's about defending
national security I mean there is a
national security exception in global
trade rules which is meant to be used
when it really is about national
security in a case of war or something
like that but the idea that US national
security is threatened because it
imports steel from
Canada it's close ally and neighbor is
absolutely ludicrous if everyone starts
doing that though global trade rules and
indeed the World Trade Organization
could collapse and that really would
have a very significant global impact
and I do want to talk about that a
little bit later but Joe Watkins let me
bring you in now would what President
Trump has tweeted that trade wars are
good and easy to win what do you make of
that well this is a course not unusual
for President Trump he uses the tweet in
a way that no president before him has
used social media communication and and
he uses it to move the dial he uses it
to change the conversation he uses it to
to put people on notice and then he's
also able to to to do an about-face and
whatever he pronounces so while on the
one hand that he's made this
pronouncement that pleases his base and
that certainly pleases American
manufacturers of steel and aluminum even
though it hurts other industries in the
United States at the same time he's
capable of changing that pronouncement
in the next week will this be good for
America though let's take him at his
word he's saying that he will sign this
order next week has steel and aluminium
makers employ what some 140,000 people
but businesses that use steel and
aluminium I mean they employ some six
point five million so the numbers don't
make sense here how is this good for
America well like I said it is not
ultimately good for America maybe it
helps the steel and aluminum
manufacturers in the United States in
the short term but it does hurt many
other industries and probably certainly
a much larger percentage of American
businesses that you like the companies
that manufacture air conditioners they
take a huge hit with this kind of
tariffs being imposed on exports on
imports but that being said this is the
same president who said that NATO was
obsolete and he said it pretty
forcefully and then he turned around and
said neither was not obsolete this is
the same president who said that China
was a currency manipulator and then
turned around and said Oh
is not a currency manipulator there's
the same president who has both
expressed support and and and and for
the export-import bank and the opposite
thereof he he said that he would
nominate Yellen the the chairman of the
Fed for another term and then did
something very different and mr. Powell
now as we know is the chairman of the
Fed so this is a president who is
capable of making a strong pronouncement
one week and then making a very
different pronounced with the next week
and it doesn't appear to hurt him at all
in the polls mister Tankian do you think
that President Trump will go through
with this well I think it will enough
now remember this is a law that was
enacted he's using a lot it was enacted
in 1962 this is prior to a WTO or
anything that resembles what we have
today in terms of the modern connected
economy but I think the timing I agree
with my American colleague the timing is
very very suspect I mean he had more
time to make this decision but I think
given that this past week has probably
been the most challenging one of his
term with close advisors being resigning
or forced out one way or another with
his son-in-law and daughter not being
given security clearances with this dog
in Russia investigation nipping at his
heels and now threatening to look into
his past he needed a conversation change
and this is what he's done now there's
one other thing at work here and that is
Donald Trump really does believe that
America can be the playground bully that
if just just get rid of WTO NAFTA
everything else you know whatever that
US by virtue of its of its size can
impose deals on a bilateral basis now
he's running a real risk here because
the rest of the United States is only
20% of and quite frankly 80% of the
world could decide that they don't need
the us anymore it's a far different
world than it was 2001 when the WTO into
effect so it's he's taking a massive
gamble here and it will be interesting
to see how reacts I think
China will wait in the weeds see what
else other people are doing mr. Liu
grain whatever the reasons for president
Trump doing this and they might be
domestic he has said that this will
happen next week and countries around
the world the EU has reacted how do you
expect them to respond and could you
know they take measures that in the end
will hurt him
domestically well I mean obviously we
have to remain we have to wait and see
the details if it does follow through
with a 25% blanket tariff on all steel
from around the world and a 10% on all
aluminium and then the EU in particular
is likely to react I mean with the
global context is there's a huge over
over capacity of Steel and ironically
the EU the u.s. and Japan had agreed to
work together to try and tackle what is
a largely a Chinese problem and now
Donald Trump has blown apart that
informal alliance by targeting the EU
and other countries so one thing that
could happen is if you see an import
surge of Steel that used to go to the US
coming into the EU you could see
emergency safeguards you could see
retaliation against the US protectionism
and this could target politically
sensitive things such as you know
Kentucky Bourbon or Wisconsin cheese
which comes from the House Speaker Paul
Ryan's state to try and put that
maximize the political pressure on
President Trump I think it's it's it's
it's it's a very worrying development
because I agree with the previous
speakers that you know it might be about
distracting attention and yes
Trump is erratic but the problem is is
that when you act on the in the
international sphere that those
short-term political maneuvers have
lasting consequences and why do you
think mr. Watkins that Donald Trump did
choose the most drastic option available
to him because he was told by the
calmest
a department that he could have you know
quotas sort of other measures but he
went with this global tariff which was
the most extreme option Donald Trump
likes to make a statement he likes to
make a bold statement and he's always
got in mind the fact that in the year
two in 2020 he's gonna have to run for
re-election and when he comes up for
reelection he's gonna have to go back to
the voters and say I made good on my
promises if you recall in the 2016
election campaign he railed against all
the trade agreements he said the US had
entered into a number of trade
agreements that did not benefit the
United States and that if he was elected
president he would do something about it
so whether he follows through with this
with this threat to impose these tariffs
or not or or even amends them in the
short term it certainly sounds like he
has reached his base and told his base
that I'm following through and what I
promise to do if I was elected and this
is what you elected me to do now even if
it changes the voters will remember the
strong pronouncement that he was going
to impose these tariffs and so he does
get some benefit even if he decides to
back out or change it or dial down the
threat
sometime next week and mr. Tannen do you
think it is that I can see wanting to
come in there mr Turner
yeah here's the phone
Donald Trump rose to power on a
blue-collar base on agriculture West on
cities that had been pacified by the
rust by the Rust Belt era and quite
frankly these are the very industries
and people who be hit hardest by this
you know what you're voting earlier this
six and a half million people jobs that
depend on metals coming in to the United
States you know if those tariffs go up
the u.s. is no longer competitive
worldwide if they're importing metals to
do that that means that Europe China
everywhere else is going to have the
ability to do that now what happens if
you if you're a country like Canada and
you're importing for some reason Chinese
steel or aluminum and you're making
something and you're shipping that
product in the United States it's
obviously going to have a cost advantage
so the only thing that don't
would be to extend that to those
products in which case we would have a
fool and think of the retaliation if
China says no to us soybeans that goes
to Argentina or Brazil yeah I mean
you're gonna see a devastation there 40%
of the soybeans goes to China and we
could go on and on on a whole list of
things if Donald Trump wanted to target
China he could have gone up toys clothes
things like this but he didn't and it's
just kind of baffling people are trying
to pencil out exactly what he's trying
to do yes keeping promises is great but
in the meantime 2020 is a ways away and
people are going to start losing jobs
mr. Liu grain you touched on this
earlier you know could trump using this
national security statute do you think
lead to some of the things that the
other guests that I know tank and just
touched on to other countries using this
loophole this national security loophole
to protect trade to an explosion even of
protectionist measures of course it's an
invitation to the Chinese and indeed to
others to do the same thing back to the
United States at the end of the day the
u.s. now sees China as a strategic
competitor in some guises even as
hostile foreign enemy and in that
context China could quite reasonably say
well if the u.s. is going to keep out
steel on the grounds of national
security then we can keep out US
products on the grounds of national
security and so since there is a WTO
exception for it
it remains to be seen how that case was
go if the WTO were to rule against the
US you could imagine in Donald Trump
using this as a pretext to walk out of
the WTO either that blows up the WTO or
it leads to a new kind of globalization
which is a globalization which bypasses
the US and you're already starting to
see that I mean the first move on the
international scene that Donald Trump
did was to pull out of the trans-pacific
partnership with 11 Pacific nations
including Canada and Japan and Australia
and what you saw is that those countries
then went ahead
about the us or you've seen the EU
concluding trade deals with Japan and
others recently and so you know another
possibility is that we have a
protectionist US and a globalized rest
of the economy that increasingly does
without it mr. Watkins said there has
been talk from the Treasury secretary
just in the last few days that the u.s.
might reconsider joining the
trans-pacific partnership do you think
that this is something that Donald Trump
will walk back on given the opposition
to it not just domestically from so many
different industries manufacturing
agriculture just to name a few you know
maritime the retail federation and the
international opposition I wouldn't be
surprised at all he has lots of advisers
who are talking to him on a regular
basis of course he's the final
decision-maker is the president United
States but as I said earlier he has
demonstrated the capacity to walk back
what he said and he's made some pretty
strong statements and and then walked
them back equally as strongly so I
wouldn't be surprised to see him walk
back to step back from his initial
posture on this he surprised a lot of
people that when he went to Davos Davos
Switzerland there were many leaders from
around the world that expected him to
have a contentious time meeting with
world leaders in Switzerland and he
shocked everybody by his attitude saying
America's open for business and we want
to work with you and and we want to be
your partner so he adopted at that
meeting certainly a very different
posture from the one some of the earlier
postures that he had and said he had a
strong relationship with with Prime
Minister May and and various others I
mean he's capable of walking back
whatever he may have said earlier so I
would not be surprised to see him walk
back on the TPP and Mister tank and what
will you be advising the Chinese
government what should the Chinese
government be doing right now other than
watching to see what the EU and other
countries do well quite frankly I mean
China is a unique position for instance
if it's decided
it doesn't have to impose a tariff they
could simply switch a lot of his SOE
they don't enterprise contracts away
from the US for like soybeans
devastating effect and there's not much
Donald Trump can do but you know what
we're looking at here is China is
winning on the soft power war because
you have Xi Jingping
very slow very steady pushing his
Belgian Road initiative
he's artis he's established himself as a
long-term leader what he says generally
he sticks to so you can trust that with
Donald Trump and you start to see a real
trust asset it's fine to make explosive
comments and then try to walk them back
but people really don't know where
you're coming from it might be okay when
you're in real estate people do not have
to see tomorrow or the next day but you
cannot do this with countries this is
the problem he's brought his business
acumen developed in a in the cutthroat
real estate industry and he's trying to
use that in government it simply doesn't
work so for what China needs to do it's
just hang back and let the rest of the
world infuriated by Trump after all as
we have that's firmly established this
bullet was meant for China it's
certainly mr. Liu grain the other
countries that will be hit by this
bullet how do you think they will be
watching on expecting this announcement
well you know international politics is
not a reality TV show what you say and
do has consequences and basically Donald
Trump and by extension the United States
is no longer seen as a reliable partner
and it's seen as a bad Ally and
increasingly it's seen as antagonistic
and as someone who believes in the
international trading system and the
huge benefits to economic growth that it
provides to countries around the world
or indeed in the many alliances that the
u.s. has both economic and political the
consequences of Donald Trump are
extremely negative and enduring mr.
Watkins
given what this could cost the US
president in terms of support in the US
as opposed to the Opposition in the u.s.
to this and internationally is this
completely ill-advised well he's done
many things that are completely
ill-advised he's made pronouncements
that are completely ill-advised and in
some cases he's walked them back in
other cases he hasn't and he's managed
through it all to to succeed he made it
through a very odd unusual campaign to
best 16 other very well positioned very
highly experienced Republicans to win
the nomination for the presidency and
then he managed the best Hillary Clinton
as well in the November election and to
win in the electoral college and and
he's managing so far despite the turmoil
he's had more turnover in his White
House than than we've seen in any
previous White House chief of staff
lasting six months national security
adviser lasting 29 days and and the list
goes on of short 10 years for high-level
people yet despite that he's been able
to make good on a number of his promises
whether it's repealing the serious
portions of the of President Obama's
health care act providing tax reform
strengthen our posture with regards to
immigration bringing infrastructure to
the United States or tried to bring
infrastructure to the United States he's
able to go back to the voters to say
well despite all the all the tumult
nonetheless I've made good on my
promises and and that's that's what he's
been able to do so would have to much of
what he does is ill-advised and but to
succeed yeah I was just going to say but
what will you know carrying out this
promise cost because of the wall street
journal' you know one newspaper calling
it the biggest political blunder of
Trump's presidency so we'll have to see
what the cost of short draw it'll cost
him a lot yeah short term but we'll see
what he does next week all right
well thank you to all of our guests
Philip
inot angin and Joe Watkins and thank you
too for watching you can see the program
again any time by visiting our website
aljazeera.com
and for further discussion to go to our
Facebook page that facebook.com forward
slash AJ inside story you can also join
the conversation on Twitter I'll handle
this at age eight inside story from the
Elizabeth for item and the whole team
here thank you for watching and bye for
now
you
