Lebanon is on a diplomatic offensive its
foreign minister Gibran Basile invited
ambassadors and the media to tour sites
that Israel says are hiding Hezbollah
missile production facilities they are
within an area controlled by the Iranian
backed Lebanese armed group in Beirut
southern suburbs
among them the a head football stadium
Bastille a political ally of Hezbollah
is accusing Israel of lies to justify an
attack against Lebanon true that there
are many statements made affirming the
possession of accurate massage by
Hezbollah however this does not mean
that those missiles are present in the
vicinity of Beirut Airport Israel's
military says the facilities used to
convert regular missiles into more
accurate guided ones
are still not operational but under
construction with Iranian supervision
Israel is accusing Hezbollah of
knowingly jeopardizing the lives of
civilians and using them as human
shields the three alleged missile sites
are located in densely populated areas
close to the airport there was no
immediate reaction from ambassadors of
Western countries but Russia's envoi is
calling for calm we want to prevent war
that's why we are deploying new weapons
to Syria there should be no escalation
Russia's decision to deploy s-300
anti-aircraft missiles follows the
downing of its plane last month over
Syria Moscow is blaming Israel for the
incident or Taylor rule Russia is
standing as 300 spartan italia who is
telling Hezbollah this doesn't mean you
can operate freely we will continue to
act against your activities over the
years Russia gave Israel room to act in
Syria it carried out hundreds of strikes
targeting alleged Iranian bases and
suspected Iranian arms shipments for
Hezbollah the Lebanese group however
says the Israeli strikes have been in
effective I tell Israel no matter what
did to cut the root it is over it has
already been achieved
we now have precision and non position
weapons and all the capabilities to arm
Lebanon says the tour is about assuring
the international community that
Israel's allegations are false it is not
about refuting what Hezbollah and its
allies believe is its right to arms
Zeneca Deir al Jazeera Beirut
