silence and snowflakes inhabit graven
over now but before its current
desolation this grand estate 30
kilometers northeast of Moscow was home
to royalty and rich merchants
tuberculosis patients and finally Soviet
science students such a history should
make this place special but across
Russia eight to ten thousand estates are
quietly crumbling to dust says this
conservationist most of these states are
in the horrible condition where someone
could put money in for many years with
an unclear idea how they take it back
and you'd have to work hard on it like
grit neva most estates are formerly
owned by the state the Communists seized
them after the 1917 revolution and in
the years following the USSR's collapse
very few have passed back into private
hands one of the handful of success
stories is Sir Edna Cova when we visited
it was hosting boisterous Maslenitsa
festivities the slovak celebration of
winters imminent demise like my tug of
war efforts restoring sir Etna cover
wasn't easy but its new custodians did
at least win now they host weddings film
crews charge admission to the grounds
and the profits help restore other bits
of the estate's Mikhail Lermontov the
namesake and relative of one of Russia's
most famous 19th century poets calls
himself a romantic he believes this and
wealth are necessary attributes for
taking on such a project an estate is
how a Russian person understands what
heaven on earth should look like it
represents the philosophy and the soul
of a Russian man today this is being
destroyed that's why it's important to
restore not just one or two estates but
the entire culture all the greatest
poets writers and philosophers were
raised amongst this beauty
Nimba McHale is now working with other
owners and the government to nurture an
estate tourist industry and simplify
many tax and regulatory complexities
that put investors off for Greb neova
perhaps it's already too late it's been
more than a hundred winters since this
place was last her family home perhaps
30 or so since it was last used at all
and if someone can't be found to show it
the love and warmth that it deserves
then who knows how many more winters it
has before it's finally buried by the
snow
Rory challon's al-jazeera Moscow region
