it's an intense six-month program by the
European Union training mission in
Central African Republic this men and
women will eventually be deployed across
the country much of it controlled by
armed groups after their training
they'll be given new weapons from Russia
following an exemption to an arms
embargo by the UN Security Council when
you have a civil war or crisis in a
country the rules become less less
identifiable so when they are in a
situation of stress and when the
military in situations of stress of
combat you have to be real trained and
well-trained to remember the rules in
the same camp more training but 4x
competence they've recently laid down
their weapons as part of a disarmament
and reintegration program there are
about a hundred and thirty former
fighters in this phase here they're
learning about first aid they get basic
combat training and also importantly
they are taught about human rights but
implementing the program has been slow
it's strapped for cash and some armed
groups are opposed to it not means that
we carry this gun because we want to
kill the people no Ibrahim Allah word is
one of the leaders of the Popular Front
for the Renaissance of the Central
African Republic a group that controls
most of the north
he said that government has failed to
own a previous agreements right now
10,000 UN peacekeepers are holding the
fort without them the security situation
would probably be much worse but the
forces of a stretched Reed Alden
accusations of human rights abuses and
peacekeepers are working in perilous
conditions 14 were killed in fighting
last year this country also the road
conditions are very bad it's a forest
the troops us to stick where roads they
cannot go
into the bush with means they have like
a PCS and the truck the government wants
to take control of the country and
having better trained and equipped
soldiers will help but with more than
80% of CR and the rebel raw regaining
control is clearly at difficult hurdle
Catherine soy al-jazeera bongi Central
African Republic
