a deadline after months of deadlock
Iraqi politicians will now have to
choose a new president politics in Iraq
has been stalled for months by
negotiations over who will fill the top
jobs politicians have divided Iraq into
three parts Shia Sunnis and Kurds but
each one is looking out for themselves
no matter what they say or do they lie
to us because they are self-serving for
politicians it's a done deal they make a
show of democracy for the people but the
will of Iraqis was taken from us years
ago the formation of the Parliament is a
big lie for the last 15 years there's
been an unofficial agreement that the
presidential candidate comes from the
Patriotic Union of Kurdistan party or
PUK but there's now a rift between the
puk and the Kurdish KDP party the KDP
says the candidate should come from them
and that's meant more delay after the
fall of Saddam Hussein in 2003 Iraq
adopted a British parliamentary style of
government the idea was to avoid having
all the power in the country
concentrated in the hands of one
individual but the Parliament is made up
of a wide variety of different political
groups and that makes it very difficult
to get agreement on just about anything
as part of the unofficial power sharing
agreement the Speaker of Parliament is a
Sunni than the Prime Minister is a shear
this time there are calls for the PN's
job to be filled by a technocrat with no
political alliances there are three main
parliamentary bloc's the pro Iran Shia
coalition headed by former Prime
Minister Nuri al Maliki and hadiyyah-lah
marine who's head of the Fatah bloc the
umbrella body for the Shia paramilitary
group known as hashish hobby the pro-us
bloc of prime minister haider al-abadi
and the iraqi nationalist bloc led by
the influential Shia cleric moqtada
al-sadr who won a majority in the May
election but the result was disputed by
the rest of the party's Parliament grown
to a halt coz the Kurdish Shia and Sunni
divide is taking place at a critical
time it's leading to more splits in
decision-making
if the deadlines
by the Constitution are missed Iraq's
politics will be in limbo Iraqis spent
four years trying to rid their country
of ISIL now they're demanding that
Parliament should fight widespread
corruption and restore basic services
but they say that politicians have
seemed more interested in serving
themselves than serving the voters Rob
Mathison al Jazeera Baghdad
