since the deadly Florida school shooting
two weeks ago teenagers across the
United States have been making their
voices heard I prayed that there is
Lizzie
in the event this pass is on to the next
because we're tomorrow's leaders the
educators school safety Network reports
threats against schools have been
increasing since the Florida shooting
approximately fifty threats of violence
a day most recently in Washington State
students this week were locked in their
classrooms after a gun was fired on
campus in Missouri students say they've
had enough of the threats dozens of
students walked out of the classroom
carrying signs with the names of
students killed in the Florida School
massacre in Stockton California hundreds
of students from five high schools
walked out of their class in protest of
gun violence this is important to every
school no matter where we are this could
happen it doesn't matter if you're
employed it doesn't matter for in
Stockton no matter where we are there
could be a gun on campus and someone
could get hurt
president Trump says he also wants
change and is still holding school
safety listening sessions but some of
trumps proposals such as arming teachers
are being rejected according to a
representative of the National Education
Association who vetted the idea with
public school teachers she represents
they didn't want more guns in their
schools they didn't want their schools
to be turned into prisons and their
teachers and other educators to be
turned into prison and prison guards
armed prison guards in the absence of
new federal gun laws when top US
sporting goods retailer has announced it
will take corporate action to curtail
the sale of firearms ending sales of
assault rifles and banning gun sales to
customers younger than age 21 and state
prosecutors or Attorney General's in
individual states are also considering
their own action this is a movement
moment in our country and it is being
led by these young voices and it's time
for politic
Asians to listen new polls show roughly
two and three Americans now say gun
control laws should be made stricter
it's a wake-up call for the nation's
lawmakers typically reticent to restrict
gun ownership now under pressure by a
growing grassroots movement of anti-gun
youth Kimberly Huggett al-jazeera
Washington
