armed groups in Libya continuing to
receive foreign support from nations
aiming to influence who will control the
oil-rich nation that's according to a
panel of United Nations experts after
the fall of Muammar Gaddafi in 2011
during the Arab Spring
Libya's spiraled into civil war between
rival political factions international
sanctions were imposed in reaction to
gross and systematic violations of human
rights the latest report highlights
countries that have both directly and
indirectly fueled the ongoing conflict
in Libya it mentions the repeated air
raids by the egyptian air force on the
L&L oil areas to support the forces of
renegade general Khalifa Haftar you have
countries in the Gulf as well as Egypt
who see their foreign policy not only as
directed towards intergovernmental
relations but as putting governments or
in place in various countries or
imposing policies that are in line with
their definition of national security
and their geopolitical designs and on
the other hand you have come to said sea
a business opportunity here and are
willing to exploit that the UN panel
reported last June that the United Arab
Emirates violated international law by
supplying huffner forces with attack
helicopters and other military aircraft
pro huffner groups have been accused of
kidnapping and torturing journalists
activists and religious figures in
eastern Libya some of whom faced s--
extrajudicial executions this latest
report is set to be submitted to the UN
Security Council for further action in
hopes that it can counter foreign
influence in the war-torn nation Mohamed
alabbar DC al Jazeera
