just over a year before brexit due to
happen Brussels and Britain still seem
far apart European Union chief
negotiator Misha a bounty says one of
the main points in the new draft
withdrawal treaty is how to avoid a hard
border on the island of Ireland and
controversially it contains as a
solution of last resort a common
regulatory area in effect keeping
northern island in a customs union with
the EU separate to the rest of the UK I
simply say that we put this backstop and
we'll discuss it with our British
counterparts out of pack ocean so that
there is a solution preserved if it
friday agreement if the future
relationship brings a better solution
where we'll replace it but we'll
suppress his protocol it's as simple as
that if the whole of Britain is no
longer in a customs union with the EU
after brexit many experts warn that
means border checks between Northern
Ireland and the Republic of Ireland as
an EU member and that could endanger the
Good Friday Agreement which brought
peace and power-sharing to the north on
Wednesday Theresa May told Parliament no
Prime Minister could accept what the EU
draft text was proposing but she
remained committed to avoiding a hard
border the foreign secretary and I are
absolutely committed to ensuring that we
deliver on no hard border between
Northern Ireland and Ireland
that's the position of the UK government
it's the position of the parties in
Northern Ireland it's the position of
the Irish government and it was what we
agreed
in the December agreement of that joint
report it comes as a leaked letter to
the British media suggests foreign
secretary Boris Johnson downplayed the
dangers of a hard border something he's
rubbished if I may respectfully say so I
think that the the particular problems
around the Irish border are being used
politically to drive the whole brexit
argument and effectively to try to
frustrate brexit the opposition Labour
Party has just committed itself to
keeping Britain in some sort of customs
union avoiding the problem of the Irish
border and on Wednesday they went on the
attack remember when we had brexit means
brexit then we had red white and blue
brexit which presumably appealed to the
members opposite then we had liberal
brexit and now we have ambitious managed
divergence the government is so divided
the Prime Minister is incapable of
delivering a coherent and decisive plan
for exit next week Michele Bonnier will
be meeting the leaders of the parties in
Northern Ireland's power-sharing
government including Eileen Foster's DUP
who a staunchly Pro brexit the new text
could still be changed significantly
but it's acted as a reminder of how much
progress needs to be achieved between
now and March next year
nnedi barber al Jazeera
