it was a warm and far-reaching speech in
which the Afghan president offered the
Taliban a peace deal without
precondition he also promised official
political recognition and an office in
Kabul
if the armed group joins the peace
process I call on the Taliban and their
leadership today the decision is in your
hands accept peace a dignified peace
come together to safeguard this country
which has been the results of our
sacrifices and struggles up they were
his most conciliatory words as president
Ghani has previously described the
Taliban as terrorists and rebels but now
he says he will not prejudge any group
he even went as far as to say Taliban
fighters and officials could be removed
from international black lists
delegates representing 25 regional and
international countries have come
together in the Afghan capital to try
and devise a peace strategy aimed at
ending 16 years of conflict it comes at
a time when all sides are showing they
are willing to talk the door is still
open and they have shown softness in
their stand not just the Taliban but the
Afghan government and its international
counterparts as well and I think it's
the perfect time maybe maybe not for the
peace deal to be struck at this stage
but probably for a temporary ceasefire
which could then pave the path for a
sustainable peace in the long term the
Taliban previously insisted on changes
to the Afghan Constitution and the
removal of the US military from the
country as a precondition to peace talks
but it has always refused to talk
directly to the Afghan government which
it describes as American puppets the
group no longer mentions withdrawal all
the constitutional changes on top of
this the Americans have said the door to
peace is still open to the Taliban and
they have put much pressure on Pakistan
to help in this regard the US military
has been increasing its bombing missions
from the air while the Taliban has been
stepping up its suicide attacks on the
ground but everyone agrees that this war
cannot be won militarily
even as president Ghani was delivering
his speech news came through about how
30 people were abducted by the Taliban
near Kandahar 19 of them policemen their
fate is uncertain and it shows that the
violence in Afghanistan is continuing as
normal no one is suggesting that peace
is about to break out in Afghanistan but
the encouraging signs and language which
are coming from all parties are raising
hopes here that may be the first
tentative steps of ending this brutal
war are being taken Tony Bert Lee al
Jazeera Kabul
