in these mountains libyans excavated
these cave houses hundreds of years ago
to retain social bonds
this house has a visitors room separated
from the others inside a corridor leads
to a terrace that has a natural drainage
system there are eight rooms each used
to be inhabited by one family from the
same grandfather an Arab people hatch
and his family members are comfortable
in their inherited house tapenade wash
off fifth great-grandfather umma Bell
Haj dug this house in the 17th century
this house is 352 years old and since
then all his sons and daughters and
grandchildren have been living here so
the house has not been abandoned for a
single day the reason why we live here
is that we find tranquility in this
place
plus it's our birthplace in heritage he
also says the ten meters deep eccentric
design has healthy effects swallows
which make their nests nearby provide a
morning alarm call and warn of snakes
doors are usually made of olive wood to
resist decay here you can smell the
aroma of ancient times and the rooms are
decorated with primitive exotic
household utensils each one has a single
purpose such as this clay picture used
for preserving oil this one is for meat
and this one for milk everything here
looks natural mats made of rock plants
land furs wool carpets traditional
outfits and oil lanterns they get buried
it's cool in summer and warm in winter
it also maintains privacy since you
can't hear what the families in the
adjacent rooms are saying unlike in
modern houses also ceilings are painted
with white lime to give light prevent
insects from living in spaces
absorbs humidity there were around 3,000
cave houses in radiant City only a few
have survived Elaraby bill Hajj hopes to
turn his into a Heritage Museum but with
the lack of awareness and government
support the other houses face an
uncertain future Mohammad Abdu ahead
al-jazeera hurryin
