this public hearing was meant to
encourage people to talk about
atrocities committed in Matabeleland
during the 1980s but some here feel the
national peace and reconciliation
commission set up by Zimbabwe's
government is a waste of time
president Emerson when an Jaguar was in
charge of internal security during the
Garuda massacres where thousands of
people were killed allegedly by forces
loyal to Robert Mugabe the former
president people from this area mainly
much valent and Mickens needs to see the
very guys who took part in those
atrocities being arrested being taken to
court what we are saying that most of
them are still alive they are still they
even in the government so Alex saying if
justice is to be done those people
should be arrested soon after
independence from Britain in 1980 I'm
glad we believe some Zimbabweans were
plotting to overthrow him he accused
some communities of working with and
hide his enemies he called dissidents
go ahead they don't trust the government
those who want the hearings to continue
so they can get answers are frustrated
these three came from an area called
troll Ocho they say soldiers came to
their village in 1983 looking for
dissidents it's difficult to talk about
what happened
they killed my husband then they beaten
raped me it's very painful
the coca Rwanda massacres and other
atrocities tore apart families some
people still don't know where their
loved ones are buried what is it that
can unite this country unless we hear
what is taking people what is troubling
people what are the major problems that
are keeping us divided we do not know
how far we can move Mugabe called the
massacres a moment of madness but he
never apologized forgiveness and healing
will be a long slow and painful journey
for those desperate for answers
Kyra Matassa al Jazeera loop Annie
Zimbabwe
