the tax in question in Israel for the
holiest Church in Christianity the
Church of the Holy Sepulchre in
Jerusalem has closed its doors is a tax
dispute the reason for the almost
unprecedented protest or is it because
the Christian presence in the holy city
is flattened this is inside story
hello M Hashim al Bala welcome to the
program
churches in Israel have long been exempt
from paying taxes but the proposed law
may soon scrap centuries of precedent
the Holy Sepulchre in Jerusalem faces
paying tens of millions of dollars in
back taxes it's one of the world's
holiest most visited religious places
considered by many Christians to be
where Jesus Christ was crucified buried
and then resurrected the church closed
its doors indefinitely on Sunday in
protest and what religious leaders
described as an attempt to weaken
Christians in Jerusalem
Harry Fawcett has more so for a third
day now the door to the Church of the
Holy Sepulchre remains shut people many
of them from around the world who come
to visit this site to pray at this site
all the best they can do is pray at the
door or take pictures at the door
because this is a pretty historic event
it's a very rare move for the free
patriarch it's and three churches which
jointly run this holy site they've taken
in opposition to two things firstly the
move by Jerusalem's municipality to
claim what it says are 186 million
dollars worth of back taxes owed by in
particular the Greek Orthodox Church on
its commercial properties which Alone's
in around Jerusalem the mayor of
Jerusalem is saying that they owe taxes
like everybody else if I have a problem
they should turn to the courts the
churches themselves are saying that this
is discriminatory abusive against
Christians in the Holy Land they're also
protesting against a proposed piece of
legislation which would allow the
Israeli government to seize land which
the church had sold to private investors
in the past they say the the proponents
of that law say that it is a way of
trying to protect the rights of people
who have apartments and houses on that
land whose futures are thrown into some
confusion by this again the church is
saying that this is a way of
discriminating against them it would
devalue the land that they own in and
around Jerusalem more generally so for
now this standoff continues and this
hugely important holy site remains
closed
the church was built in the 4th century
in the Christian quarter of Jerusalem's
Old City it attracts thousands of
pilgrims because it's believed to
contain the two holiest size in
Christianity where Jesus Christ was
crucified buried and resurrected 19th
century France surrounds the tomb with
an onion shaped dome Greek Orthodox
Armenian and Roman Catholics share
custody of the church the circled status
quo that he finds ownership of the holy
sites was agreed hundreds of years ago
by the Ottomans the church's gatekeeper
for the last 800 years is a member of a
Muslim family it is not the first time
the SIP akka has closed its doors for
political reasons its large wooden doors
were shut for a day twenty-eight years
ago in protest at Jewish settlers nearby
let's go to our guests joining us in
Jerusalem Fairey Gibran legal adviser to
the Roman Catholic Church's custodian of
holy sites in Den Bosch in the
Netherlands Frank Bosman associate
professor at Tilburg school of theology
also in Jerusalem by Skype Alan Baker
director of the Institute for
contemporary affairs the Jerusalem
center for public affairs welcome to you
all of you to the program let me start
by asking Mr Farage around this closing
the holiest Church for Christians is it
a symbolic gesture or are we going to
see more steps in the near future well
it was a forced gesture the heads of
churches being gay under the pressure of
the recent activities of the civil
authorities they by way of the
advancement of the legislation
concerning the church lands in Jerusalem
or by a way of the actions of the
municipality of Jerusalem the heads of
churches they found found themselves in
front of a new reality where the mission
of the church in the Holy Land is being
hindered is being threatened and so they
had to send a symbolic message a message
of protest
to those who would like to hear so that
was the background for the decision mr.
Baker the reaction from the church
leaders in Jerusalem do you see it as a
genuine outcry against what they
described to be an attempt by the
Israelis to undermine the process of the
Christians in Jerusalem or do you see it
more of a politically motivated move no
I did not an outcry against any any
attempt by Israel to to prejudice the
status of the Christians in in Jerusalem
or in Israel this is a dispute on
taxation and and property and nothing
more and nothing less and so if it's a
problem then it can be solved by going
to court or by litigation and not by a
political demonstration which harms the
the the freedom of worship by Christians
which is an international
internationally acknowledged freedom mr.
Boozman is an associate professor of
theology would like some perspective
here before we get into the details
should churches be taxed or remain
tax-exempt well I can say from the North
European situation of the majority of
countries it's quite common for the
church yellow religious organizations
and movements to pay taxes and to be
taxed as all other public organizations
are there are few exemptions of course
when it comes to the form or state
churches like the the Protestant
churches and in Denmark of an or in
Germany but taking it on the whole the
religious organizations are are texts
just like all the other organizations on
such a bra you have the legal advisors
of the Roman Catholic Church is
custodian of holy sites we're talking
about two different things here they
start with the first issue which is
basically the is the municipality
working towards imposing in collecting
property tax for the or Nona
on Church owned properties that are not
used as houses of worship
one might say or might wonder what's
wrong with this because the churches run
companies that generate cash and
therefore they need to be taxed well the
church has never presume a pretended to
have exemption a full exemption from
taxes or not to pay taxes or to be
treated differently from others however
according to Israeli law itself a
conduct the legislation valid in thus a
piece of land for centuries church
institutions and the religious
institutions enjoyed certain exemptions
from Texas mainly due to the fact that
these institutions carried out a
charitable and social May a mission in
the country through hospitals schools
hospices houses for the elderly
sometimes substituting for the role of
the state itself or for the government
itself I'm not talking about the
government of Israel I'm not talking
about any specific government I'm
talking about the the time being so the
churches have acquired throughout the
century certain exemptions the
municipality of the Jerusalem is
speaking about commercial a commercial
activities the fact is that the
announcements are the notifications that
got to the churches recently a well the
churches learned about them from the
press first of all we on the 31st of may
of January we woke up to an a a news
article news item which actually broke
the status quo that has been respected
for the last 50 or 70 years saying that
we are starting to collect a depths and
now without defining without specifying
without replacing the reason for this
chase sudden change in the policy so we
are not talking about creating a new
legal regime in the in lay in in
Jerusalem but the on the fact that there
is an existing regime respected boy both
by the Ottomans okay by the British
Mandate by the Jordanian rule in the
part of Jerusalem and then by the State
of Israel until the 31st of a day of
January mr. Baker how can we reconcile
between what the question church leaders
say is the need to maintain the status
quo because the churches play other
roles they are there run charities and
therefore if taxes are imposed on them
some of that work could be undermine
and the fact that the municipality is
saying we need cash we need to run the
municipality of Jerusalem and therefore
the only way to do it because we're not
getting money from the government we're
going we're going to tax churches well
look in the same way that any hotel or
any business or any restaurant or cafe
has to pay taxes everywhere in the world
the same with respect to the churches
they they own property that they use as
hotels they charge for for staying in
these hotels they they run businesses
that earn profits that should be taxed
now I've got no argument with mr. Gibran
about the fact that for the last 50 70
years there has been established a sort
of status quo in which the Israeli
authorities refrained from demanding
this tax despite the fact that it's
perfectly legitimate and here he has a
serious case because the fact is that
these taxes weren't exactly so I think
he has a serious case and if he chooses
to take this to an Israeli Court into
question the new policy of the
municipality of Jerusalem I think this
is what he should do by judges mm-hmm
mr. Boozman I mean this has always been
a sensitive issue imposing taxes on
religious establishments but in a place
like Jerusalem the way you have three
monotheistic religions trying to coexist
against the backdrop of very difficult
political as landscape do you think that
this decision by the Israeli Minister by
the municipality of Jerusalem is a wide
decision or do you think that it could
create further problems in the future I
think just as you say that the situation
in Jerusalem is very very difficult
exactly because the three volunteers
accreditors try to coexist with one
another all these problems we have in
recent or more
more historical times I think everything
should be done to maintain the the PSID
coexistence between the religious groups
and if there is a if Texas should be
should be if the churches are obliged to
have Texas in the near future then it
should be arranged in direct dialogue
with the churches and and find out
perhaps some difference commodities in
which such a thing could be could be
worked out for example in North European
countries the churches are taxed by the
government but if the the population
people give money to the church or other
religious organizations they can they
can they can subscribe from there from
their own Texas they have to pay so the
gifts are exempt from taxes may be such
things could be arranged in Jerusalem as
well so that your one hand you can have
the incomes the city of Jerusalem should
have in the other sides make sure that
the difficult and delicate position of
the churches and the villages choosing
Jerusalem can be maintained mr. Brun the
controversy is about two legislations
they are nona on the properties that
have nothing to do with houses of
worship and also the new legislation
which has been presented by Rachel
Azaria about the expropriation of lands
sold by churches to investors and this
raises a problem which is basically the
legislators in Israel are saying that we
cannot allow this to continue because we
need to step in to protect the owners
and we need to get more clarity from the
landlords about whether they are going
to will renew the leases at what cost
and we need to protect people ultimately
this explains why I would like to
expropriate lands well thank you for the
question with your permission I would
like to follow up shortly on the on the
remarks of the professor Baker regarding
the the legal action Andre and regarding
the taxation of restaurants and cafes
and things like that my distinguished
professor Alan Baker knows very
that they throughout the recent years
the State of Israel and the Holy See
have been negotiating an agreement
regarding the fiscal matters that they
financial and the economic matter
related to the Catholic Church I'm here
referring to the Catholic Church to the
Catholic Church including one of the
items on the agenda is in on the in the
negotiations is the item of the RA of
the unknown of the property taxes when
we talk about the status quo in the
agreement signed between the Holy See
and the State of Israel in 1993 both
parties and we even without the
agreement it's a pays a basic principle
of international relations that part is
first of all should be a respect
agreement and should negotiate negotiate
in good faith so while the parties are
negotiating on the issue exactly of how
we define a commercial mat a commercial
institution how we tax a hospital how we
tax a house for accepting the pilgrims
who come today
here comes the Jerusalem municipality
the Jerusalem mayor and decide that okay
I'm deviating from this say from this in
these negotiations I'm not there
regarding what the government is there
is doing and I'm taking my own action
and I'm starting to collect one
important one another important issue is
that the notification we receive we
received in the churches where it a
notifications with the data a
retroactive effect so he's changing the
policy not from now on the municipality
is not changing the policy from now on
she's changing today it's changing the
policy for the last seven years they
they the depth that are requested from
the various churches are for the last
seven years I want you to now referring
to the issue go ahead go ahead yes yes I
want you to answer my question
critically allows about the
expropriation of land that is sold by
the churches to investors well the issue
was there with the with this legislation
is its nature and it's its character
well in in in an era in in Arabic there
is a proverb that is a say that the the
the letter is obvious from its title the
title of this law is church land bill
church land law it's a bill it's
not yet alone which means immediately
that this law target a specific a group
of the population it targets lands of
the church a target property of the
church even if it's the wording of the
law says that after it's being sold and
it's it targets a constitutional
protected right by the same
constitutional say a law of my state of
day of the State of Israel now the the
issue here is not not what's happening
with the lands is how dare the
legislature legislate or even propose a
bill that carries this name and has this
theory this discussed the
characteristics let let's talk a little
bit in detail about this particular
issue and let me go back to mr. Baker
mr. Baker the the expropriation
expropriation bill was said to have been
presented the moment it was revealed
that the Greek Orthodox Patriarchate
sold a land at the center of Jerusalem
where a thousand five hundred people
live but they have absolutely no idea
about who are the new land Lords are
they going to renew the leases for them
and at what price and therefore there
needs to be a new regulation the
question here is the attention sounds on
paper decent nice good for the benefit
of people but can you not do it in a
different way
talk to the religious groups the
churches think about a new framework put
it together agree on it and move forward
well I look the issue is this that this
property no longer belongs to the church
that the church sold it and therefore
it's been transferred to the ownership
of private companies who are beginning
to raise the rents in a very dramatic
way and so this whole legislation is
intended to protect those people who are
renting the property that's been sold by
the church it's no longer church
property it's the problem is that it
still enjoys some type of tax breaks
because it
was titled as Church property but now
that it's no longer Church poverty the
aim of this legislation is merely to to
prevent this type of thing happening in
order to protect those who who who are
at the mercy of companies or land
companies that intend to raise the rent
in a very dramatic way here's the boss
one we're talking about an area that has
huge significance for Muslims Jews
Christians where holy sites could be
used as centers to build reconciliation
between people what we're seeing here is
a potential for more instability and
more violence what is the way out how do
you see the best way out from this well
I think that the way out is making a
very clear distinction between those
properties owned by the various churches
and you hold Antonin Jerusalem which are
used for specific religious acts and
activities and celebrations at you one
hand and the other side those properties
that are built for a strictly commercial
business and I think all parties should
agree with one another that those are
two quite different ways how to use a
property and I think those two specific
different way of using property should
be 'text in quite a different way and
the end and the ending forward is of
course always as we have learned here in
Northern Europe using what's called the
Rhineland model the model of the
Rhineland and that's all the partners
should negotiate with one another until
an agreement is reached in which all
parties agree in which all parties do
some some water in the wine if that's an
expression also in English it's the only
way forward especially in a certain
difficult political situation as in
Jerusalem every trait should be
considered highly before actually doing
it mr. Sablan do you feel lucky that
you're praying the price just because
you happen to be caught in the middle of
a feud between the mayor of Jerusalem
near bakit and finance minister Moshe
Cologne because
bakit says I need cash Karen says I have
no cash to give and therefore they're
using this in particular to try to raise
more pressure or pull more pressure on
the government to give them cash I
wouldn't like to go into political
interpretations of what's going on in
the juries and a municipality and its
considerations white one thing I can say
and I would like to say the churches do
not want to be neither a victim nor a
tool in the hands of anybody to campaign
a for a for his purposes I cannot delve
in today the issue of fair the
considerations of a of a of mr.
Burkhardt neither it's the business of a
of the churches we would like our status
to be maintained we would like to
dialogue we would like to reserve
resolve the problems in an amicable way
not by wave of forcing and sending
orders and changing policy all of a
sudden mm-hmm mr. Baker one would say if
the Israelis were genuine about the need
to solve these issues they should have
maintained a status quo there has
prevailed since 1757 when the Ottoman
Empire Osman the third implemented the
Furman or the decree that paves the way
for cohabitation
for the maintaining and also the
management of holy sites and lands
pertaining to different denominations
within the Christian faith why would you
suddenly decide you know what we would
like to change that status quo I'm not
sure that in the 1700s or 1800s the
church properties were used for to make
a commercial profit in the form of
hotels and and and restaurants and
things like that so the situation has
changed somewhat and and now in the same
way that a hotel which is next located
next to a next to a hotel run by a
church an ordinary hotel has to pay our
Nona
but the church hotel which also makes
the same profit and charges very similar
rates is exempt from tax now the
I agree this is a situation that's
existed for many many years
and personally I'm not sure the extent
to which the mayor of Jerusalem has
coordinated or informed the Israeli
Foreign Minister although the finance
ministry as to its intention to to exact
the these taxes as to the negotiations
with the Holy See i when I was working
in the Israeli Foreign Minister I was
part of these negotiations on the the
fiscal agreement and and and I agree
with with Professor Gibran that they say
this is an open issue and I'm not again
I'm not sure the extent to which the
municipality has been in coordinating
with the Israeli Foreign Ministry which
is conducting these negotiations okay
mister let me go to mr. Boozman in less
than a minute please mr. Boozman Prime
Minister Netanyahu said that the
questions in in in Israel were given the
Portuguese not only to survive he was
referring to the fate and the problems
they're facing different parts of the
Middle East but also to thrive isn't
that a concern here that with this
particular incident that could further
damage the reputation of Israel as
protector of Christians in the holy
sites oh it is of course that the
Christians in the Middle East are facing
an terrible fate and are nearly extinct
in a couple of Middle Eastern countries
and Israel and the Christians faith
always have a very troubling history
that one another but at the same time we
are more or less condemned to one
another and to try to to to establish a
democratic regime maroudo epoch policy
in the city of Jerusalem and I think
that Jews and Christians should treat
each other as as privileged partners and
try to avoid this kind of public public
rivalry with we're running out of time
and I'm baked
Fetty to brown Franklin thank you very
much indeed for your contribution and
thank you for watching you can see the
program
any time by visiting our website
aljazeera.com for further discussion go
to our Facebook page
that's facebook.com forward slash AJ
insight sorry you can also join the
conversation on twitter our handle is at
AJ inside story from me Hashim on button
the whole team here bye for now
you
you
