blindfolded Palestinian meetings
national has 16 year old Palestine a
veteran of the Israeli prison system
you've probably seen these two
Palestinian teenagers all over the news
but what about these last year 1467
Palestinian miners were arrested and
children's rights organizations say
between 500 and 700 Palestinian kids are
prosecuted in Israeli military courts
every year so how does child attention
in the occupied West Bank work well it
starts with the arrests the occupied
West Bank
except for East Jerusalem is under
Israeli military law that means that
Palestinians as young as 12 years old
can be arrested if they're suspected of
punishable acts the most common one is
stone-throwing
it carries a maximum penalty of 20 years
in prison now a lot of these arrests
happen in nitrates several human and
children's rights organizations have
reported handcuffs blindfolds and
physical and verbal abuse of kids during
their arrests he's gonna go with me and
he's gonna be tied up all night and if
they're gonna get punished and you're
gonna need a pay to take him back it's a
method to terrorize the youth and to
make sure that that sort of system of
control is asserted on people at a young
age because for most of the children
that they arrest you know they're not
planning pressing charges or they're not
planning or taking it any further than
that initial sort of detainment period
and once a child is arrested they're
taken to interrogation
according to Israeli military orders
kids have some rights during arrest
their parents must know where they're
being taken the child has right to a
lawyer and the interrogation must be
filmed
but that's not always the case most
parents don't know why their child is
being taken or where they're going
lots of kids don't see a lawyer until
they're taken to court for 16 and 17
year olds like a head and fuzzy that can
take up to four days and interviews are
rarely reported if they are they're
almost impossible to get access to the
physical conditions are just as tough
during interrogation many kids have
their hands and feet tied and aren't
allowed to have food water or go to the
toilet physical and verbal abuse
sleep deprivation humiliation threats of
sexual assault and thirds against the
child's family have also been reported
and in between long interrogations which
can span hours at a time
kids are kept in detention centers and
in detention some are kept in solitary
confinement
according to dcpip 19 percent of the
kids they interviewed in 2017 were kept
in isolation for an average of 12 days
many kids end up signing confessions in
Hebrew a language they don't understand
and it's often admissible in court
Palestinian children and teenagers in
the West Bank are tried in military
juvenile courts they were set up in
response to worldwide criticisms of
Israel's treatment of minors back in
2009 the courts have certain
requirements like specially trained
judges and closed-door hearings but
conviction is still the goal the
juvenile court provides no extra measure
of justice and provides no extra concern
for the child it doesn't provide social
workers it doesn't look to
rehabilitation as as most juvenile
courts should it simply is a different
Court in court the prosecution can have
course signed confessions or testimonies
from soldiers as proof and the
prosecution as well as the judge are all
under the Israeli army so the
overwhelming majority of cases and in
plea bargains where children plead
guilty
for a lower sentence the last time the
courts released their conviction rate it
was ninety nine point seven four percent
the notion of justice is missing and
that's because of the simple fact that
the body is responsible for the arrest
is related to the body that responsible
for interrogation also with the children
and eventually with the body that asked
for the convictions all of these faces
are different faces was the same point
and once the plea bargain is taken the
kids are sentenced under Israeli
military law 16 and 17 year olds like
ahead are considered adults so they're
sentenced like adults to AH head could
be facing up to 10 years in jail
as for the prison's themselves two out
of the three prisons where Palestinian
children served time are in Israeli
territory which is a violation of the
Fourth Geneva Convention keeping kids
outside the occupied West Bank means
that family visits are difficult and
rare family members have to first apply
for entry permits to Israel which can
take months to process if they're even
approved and the kids aren't just
without family contact their studies are
being disrupted to educational
facilities and the prisons are lacking
with limited access to real teachers and
only two classes offered local NGOs
report a drop in minor school
performance once kids are released some
kids even drop out but a week curriculum
isn't the only reason when those kids
are released they feel somehow alienated
into their own society they are watchful
and detached from reality a 2012 report
shows that almost half of the kids
interviewed were mentally withdrawn and
were performing worse in school after
their arrest 80 percent suffered from
insomnia and ninety percent developed
anxiety there's the sort of trauma of
going through the system of the
stripping of the child of their sort of
innate humanity by being processed
through it and we don't necessarily
think of that but that's damaging for
anyone especially a child where you're
you're not even really all that owned
yet
children are suddenly not children
