he's been called one of the most wanted
political fugitives of 2018 as former
Georgian President Mikheil Saakashvili
faces possible extradition to his home
country from his new country Ukraine
I'll ask him if he's prepared for life
behind bars and later I'll talk to Ilhan
Omer the Somali refugee turned u.s.
politician about life in trumps America
mikhail saakashvili thanks for joining
me on upfront you were twice elected
president of Georgia and govern there
for nine years and yet you're now a
wanted man in Georgia you've gone from
President to fugitive how does that feel
no I mean I finished my presidential
term and I finished it with quite a
record we you know Georgia has been the
most spectacular reform
transformation case in this part of the
world but then we had the government
after peaceful transition first-ever
peaceful transition in this region which
from the very beginning said our men one
of my main goals is to indict saccharin
no matter what so in the end they said
let us look for at least something and
finally they gave me a sentence for
presidential act of pardon for pardoning
prisoners well that's the only case in
modern world when President had been
tried not for corruption not for other
abuses but for right on target although
it wasn't a pardon it was the cover-up
that they alleged was associated with
the pardon but just for the benefit of
our global audience you could face up to
11 years in prison in Georgia for
multiple charges dating back to your
presidency there including abuse of
power you've already been sentenced to
three years behind bars earlier this
week an appeals court in Ukraine
rejected your request for protection
against extradition to Georgia you're in
Ukraine right now it does look like
you're on your way to prison doesn't it
regardless of how accurate you think the
charges are I have to say nobody in
Georgia is expecting me Georgian
government despite their formal and
announcements are very scared that if I
ever get extradited to Georgia then
there will be just wiped out by an happy
populace we where there a big present
government is extremely unpopular and I
am a creator of modern Georgia state we
have very strong support among the
people you say you have you say you have
a lot of support amongst the Georgian
people we'll come back to that a moment
but before we do just to be clear is it
correct to say that as of now as of
today this week you are currently a
stateless person because you gave up
your Georgian citizenship in 2015 to
pursue a career in politics in Ukraine
and then last July you were stripped of
Ukrainian citizenship for allegedly
providing false
information on your registration form
see you're neither Ukrainian nor
Georgian right now yes only I'm a
stateless person but I'm appealing in
the courts and it's an ongoing case to
get my signatures back of course under
present legal system Ukraine there is a
slim possibility I can do that because
the president certainly is he can
control the courts and for him it's a
very very important but you've had this
big Rao you mentioned the president
you've had this big round with President
poroshenko of Ukraine who is a former
friend and ally of yours but just on
this issue of you being in Ukraine
you're sitting in front of a Ukrainian
flag what made you a former president of
one country Georgia moved to another
country Ukraine and try and become prime
minister of that country many would say
that's pretty unpatriotic of a former
president of Georgia to do first of all
there are historic presidents Simone the
boulevard
there was such great historic figure was
president of our leader of five Latin
American countries but on the other hand
if Ukraine fails if Ukraine breaks up if
Russia is with terrorists Ukraine then
Georgia's which is ten times smaller
will just might disappear from the map
that's one big motivation I have second
I already had spent thirteen years of my
adult life in Ukraine and I've been not
only participant of two Ukrainian my
dance Ukrainian revolutions or uprisings
I was one of their organizers argue
lately so the first Maidan so I I mean I
heavily invested emotionally in Ukraine
and they have strong links for this
country and and also I have people you
say you have you say you have strong
links with the country but Ukrainians
don't seem to support your poll last
December by the International Republican
Institute showed that 75% of Ukrainians
three out of four people in that country
had either a somewhat or very
unfavorable view of you why not just
move on and let more viable popular
candidates run for office in Ukraine
you're not popular there I mean first of
all you're president of Ukraine
according to the same poll is even more
unpopular second if you look at the poll
numbers every Ukrainian politician is
doing rather bad and that's the that's
the political crisis in this country
that basically the entire political
class is hated your party will be
polling at 1% at the end of last year
your Ukrainian party the movement of new
forces
president saakashvili no no no wait a
minute between one and seven and eight
percent depending upon the polls
second president's part is not falling
much better either the problem is that
it her political spectrum needs to be
reshuffle and needs to be changed and
that's exactly what we attractive I
stand up for the idea of modernized
Democratic European Ukraine without an
economy free of all the guards free of
corruption because corruption is killing
the economy and if you the economies
being killed if Ukraine doesn't get the
budget it will just disappear your whole
entire region will become a mess you
said earlier in the interview that you
said earlier in the interview that the
criminal charges against you and George
are all politically motivated they're
made up and yet you also face criminal
charges in Ukraine where you are right
now in fact you were supposed to come to
a studio to do this interview but I
believe you were so worried about being
arrested we've had to do this via Skype
isn't that a problem for you that
wherever you go whether Georgia Ukraine
you're being accused of crimes the
Ukrainians don't want to harass me to
judge try me I told them if you want to
try me try me because there is no
evidence of any crime subcommittee you
know they don't want to try me they want
to expel me from the country they too
want to get rid of me and that's
entirely different game and the reason
why they want to get rid of me is that
because they don't have real case
against me because I really will cross
the path of oligarchs that want to
further plunder the country the
countries of protection the wealthiest
country in Europe because of resources
and right now its poorest country in
Europe gtp what gdp wise because seven
all the guards hold hostages the entire
wealth of the country and they hold on
do so and I am there and they regard me
as their main enemy so you say you're
the enemy of the oligarchs and yet you
quit as governor of the corruption
ridden Odessa region in southern Ukraine
after just 18 months in 2016 without
really making any dent in reducing that
corruption or going after those
oligarchs and in fact back in Georgia
one of the main charges against you
relates to massive embezzlement of
public funds by you oh wait a minute
let's go to Georgian charge not public
funds but presidential office expenses
the fact that they couldn't find any
personal benefit from me no personal
accounts no personal wealth which is
extremely rare in this region where
everybody stills like everybody stills
and we were the only case where
absolute president had zero I came with
the same amount of wealth or whatever
assets and developed with the same ones
I've never been rich and I'm not rich
now I'm even poorer now than I was
before presidency if you're so innocent
why not go back to Georgia and make the
case that you're making to me in a court
in your own former country which you ran
for nine years it was European Court of
Human Rights clearly said that in
Georgia they use preliminary detention
for the purpose of color former mikhail
saakashvili do you know how hard it is
to hear you quoting the ECHR against
your own country's court system when you
were president for nine years they
criticized you and that court system you
locked up hundreds of people and you
didn't have a problem with the Georgian
a court system then no you locked up
your own defense minister on charges of
money laundering extortion and abuse of
powers European Court never supported
this case and supported the government
first of all second yes I'm proud that
we locked up corrupt officials of my own
government when I became president the
country was absolutely corrupt and it
was a failed state when I finished my
presidency state budget went up eleven
times economy went up four times Georgia
became the ninth best place to do
business in the world Georgia is number
816 in terms of economic Freedom Index
when you with respect that's nothing to
do with what I asked about the judicial
system it's all about transparency it's
all about government it's all about the
legal system in fact our judiciary is
not ideal and it's right now being
controlled it seized the control control
was seized by biggest private or
shareholder of Russian Gazprom with
clear goal to jail me so the fact is
that he had clear goal to put me in
preliminary detention for many years
without even trying me because this
whole trial I understand your argument
all I'm asking is do you understand
anyone watching this interview might
find it odd that when you're accused of
corruption by georgian court you say
it's all bias but when you accuse others
of corruption you lock them up and you
were criticized by human rights groups
not only I say the United States State
Department said that charges were biased
you know the European units at the same
they also criticized your arrests of
people you were criticized by the ECHR
in 2011 when you were president you were
criticized by Human Rights Watch you
were criticized by Carnegie in various
groups so what so what we drink to a
hypocrite
no I'm sorry I don't accept this many
would say the double standard I think
you should select your words more
carefully because world bank wrote and I
wrote a book when said that the only
case of successful transformation
worldwide in the Georgia was world's
number one performer a reformist country
ivan questioned you told me a lot of
people we locked up criminals georgia
was one of the most criminal acts in
reading country in the world you say you
looked okay you say you locked up
criminals you say you locked up
criminals right and the ICG the
International Crisis Group what said
that you they were worried about your
increasingly authoritarian behavior
Human Rights Watch said your government
forces use violent excessive force to
disperse peaceful demonstrations in the
capital the International Committee to
Protect Journalists pointed out that you
shut down two television channels these
are not all criminals because like is
really course not and I tell you there
was one rally when we was organizing
footings money and everybody knows that
our security force were not ideal and we
couldn't have turned Georgian to liberal
democracies in eight years time but
non-existing country was turned into a
pest before example in Eurasia no
country no can't had increased its
credentials so well in nine years time
and this is a well-known fact that's why
I was invited Ukraine that's why we I
feel strong support among best young
people among young reformers among
well-educated Ukrainians as well as
Georgia that's how I feel it you
mentioned Vladimir Putin you're best
known in the West and the wider world
for being president of Georgia in 2008
when your then country went to war with
Russia and in just five days nearly a
thousand people died more than a hundred
thousand people were displaced an
exaustive 1000 page report commissioned
by the European Union published in 2009
ultimately blamed Georgia they blamed
you not Russia or Putin for having
started that war many would say
therefore you have blood on your hands
it's totally fake they never blow him
dust and specially not unilateral nuts
what they said is that Russian troops
were first to enter Georgian territory
and indeed our military response to
other countries troops entering my
territory our territory was regarded as
the date we start of the war with
respect they didn't say that at all
I've got the report quotes here they
said it was Georgia this is the diplomat
who led the investigation it was Georgia
which triggered off the war when it
attacked Shin Cavalli in South Ossetia
with heavy artillery it could not be
verified that Russia was on the verge of
a major attack as you claimed that's
what the report says before that read it
very carefully
they said Russian troops were we
confirmed they were already inside the
Georgian territory and then what you
your quote is well but when psycho as
well the quote says it was Georgia which
triggered off the wall that's you you
triggered a war that killed almost a
thousand people it already entered when
they enter your territory respond I
would see that any president who doesn't
respond to foreign army and research is
a traitor any president who doesn't use
military force when you are being
attacked is a tray the report says you
overplayed your hand and you acted in
the heat of the moment with heavy
artillery or God's sake small hundred
times smaller country was invaded by
hundred times bigger enemy we were
attacked and bombed by two hundred
Russian planes we were attacked by
hundred thousand people army and you
didn't want us to even resist not me I'm
quoting the e I'm quoting an EU
Commission report which says open
hostilities began with a large-scale
Georgian military operation the question
is whether it was justifiable and the
international law it was not says the
reporters are not my words because I
could lead us towards a independent
report commissioned by the EU and we
have overwhelming evidence that we
wasn't one experiment several as we're
responding we were responding and it's
sometimes there's also people who like
to blame the victim and you don't want
to help the victim they say well you
know it's the victim behavior as well
I'm sorry we believe the Swiss diplomat
who led the investigation was biased
against Georgia I believe that the facts
are very stubborn
we were enter we were attacked you
cannot be blamed for being attacked we
were attacked and this is the fact of
life we protect our sovereignty they
went towards our capital they couldn't
enter our capital because the United
States intervened because our army was
heroic because it was 60 leaders of
European countries came and stood under
the Russian bombardments with our people
in this just to be clear they just we
know a very
just to be clear no one on this show or
in this interviews defending the
Russians or Putin and the report
criticizes Russia very heavily you're
right about that but it does say that
you started the war in defiance of
international law you can reject that
conclusion but that's what the report
says don't shoot the messenger I would
and then somebody says well I'm sorry
but I'm international lawyer I'm a human
rights lawyer okay right now just before
we finish
right now you have neither Ukrainian nor
Georgian citizenship so what's next for
you McHale sackers really where you're
gonna be a year from now two years from
now I'll be fighting together with
people of Ukraine and Georgia against
Vladimir Putin's influence here for
liberation of our country's territory
from Russian enemies from Russian
hostile armies but as well as from
domestic oligarchs and corrupt elements
that seize power in our countries and
are killing prospects for our population
I think Ukraine will become superpower
of Europe and George will be again once
again a shining example of success and
the reforms worldwide as it was under my
leadership Mikhail Saakashvili thank you
for joining me on upfront is a
remarkable journey from a refugee camp
in Africa to a state legislature in the
United States in 2016
Ilhan Omar became the country's first
elected Somali American lawmaker last
year Time magazine put her on the front
cover calling her one of the women who
are changing the world so does the
future of the US look more like her or
Trump she joins me now
Alejandra thanks for coming on upfront
you were elected aged just 33 to the
Minnesota House of Representatives in
November 2016 that was of course the
same night that Donald Trump was elected
president of the US how did you feel
that night was it a happy night for you
a sad night a bit of both
I think it was bittersweet I with my
campaign staff and campaign supporters
that we staked a little too long at our
party because we there was a lot of
crying and a lot of people who were
upset but when the reporters asked me
how I was feeling I told them that I was
actually optimistic and hopeful because
I believed that this was going to be the
awakening of our nation people
are going to be walk walking from their
complacency and we were actually going
to get to work in not only resisting but
reshaping and restoring this country's
promise and within just a few days of
taking office President ROM brought in
his infamous travel ban the Muslim ban
you're not just a Muslim immigrant to
the United States you're a former Muslim
refugee who's from one of the countries
on the banned list Somalia so do you
think President Trump doesn't want
people like you in the country because
he says it's not personal it's national
security I mean I think you know if if
we were really being honest about what
could be masqueraded as national
security issue we know that no one from
any of these countries has ever posed a
threat within this country and so we
know that for for him and and his
supporters this is just a political
football and and they're using our
communities and and and people who who
look like me as as leverage you talk
about him and his supporters more than a
million people in your state of
Minnesota voted for Trump he only lost
that state I think by a percentage point
and a half do you feel cut off
disconnected from a lot of your own
constituents who clearly don't see
Trump's Islamophobia anti-immigrant
rhetoric as disqualifying I mean I think
what we are seeing in Minnesota is
people actually coming to terms with the
the kind of rhetoric that they thought
was just that rhetoric now actually
becoming policy I don't think a lot of
Minnesotans and a lot of the people in
this country actually thought that he
would implement they they voted because
there was that economic anxiety they
believed this guy was going to be part
of negotiating this country into better
economic situation he was economic
anxiety not cultural or racial anxiety
I don't think a lot of people understood
that the what the ones the people that
he was talking about the policies that
he was talking about on the campaign
trail were going to have an effect on
the members of their community the
people that they have grown to
appreciate to be part of their
communities when you hear reports of
your president referring to countries in
Africa lling including your own country
of birth Somalia as s whole countries do
you think that makes him a racist is
Donald Trump a racist in your view I
mean I think there isn't a debate about
whether Trump is a racist I think he
fits into every every ISM but but what
what is important is for people to
actually understand the implication of
those kind of descriptions that he
attaches to countries in in Africa in
Haiti in El Salvador when we are having
a conversation about what will
ultimately make our country safe it is
about showing strong and principled
leadership it's about being the the
country that that has been known it's to
faster open an inclusive society you say
there's no debate about whether Trump's
a racist and a lot of people would agree
with you on that and in fact there's
been an explosion in the number of
anti-muslim far-right white nationalist
groups in the US over the past couple of
years your own state of Minnesota
experienced a record number of
anti-muslim incidents in 2016 you
yourself I believe just a few weeks
after your election victory I think got
a cab driver call you filthy and Isis
and threatened to remove your hijab how
much do you hold trump and the rise of
Trump responsible for this explosion of
US Islamophobia oh I would actually come
very short of holding them exclusively
responsible for for the rights I think
when you demonize
and dehumanize it is easy for people to
- to commit acts of violence against
those those individuals because they no
longer see them as a person as someone
who who has feelings who's worthy of
respect and I think that is where we are
moving away from the idea that we we are
supposed to be a welcoming nation a lot
of conservatives in particular would say
that the rise in Islamophobia is the
result not of hate but a fear a
legitimate fear they say of
quote/unquote jihadist terrorism whether
it's Fort Hood or San Bernardino or the
recent truck attack in New York what do
you say to them I would say our country
should be more fearful of white man
across our country because they are
actually causing most of the deaths
within this country and so if fear was
the driving force of policies to keep
America safe Americans safe inside of
this country we should be profiling
monitoring and and and creating policies
to fight the radicalization of white men
but most of the funding and attention
even under Obama obviously went towards
Muslim communities one of those
communities is in Minnesota your stately
somali-american community in Minnesota
where I think over the past few years
more than 20 young Somali Americans have
left to go and fight for ISIL or Al
Shabaab or one of these quote-unquote
jihadist groups abroad that's a real
threat obviously no one's pretending
it's not a threat so what do you do
about it but I mean I think like I said
the the focus of our policies should
should be about keeping Americans safe
keeping us domestically safe and and and
where we actually find a solution it's
looking at our foreign policy looking at
how we are engaging with
these the the members of these these
communities and and and and the kind of
rhetoric right like that is being spewed
out of leaders within our city halls
within our state capitals and and and
within our nation's capital say some
would say that's true there's some
really bad rhetoric coming from
politicians security leaders etc but
also a lot of bad rhetoric coming from
Muslim community leaders Imams etc is
that fair I think what both of those
statements could be true and I and I
think you know it just goes to show what
happens when you have segments within
communities that that are using fear and
hate to mobilize their base and at in it
is important for us to actually have a
conversation about what kind of
communities we are trying to build and
what this nation actually stands for in
an interview last year you said your
campaign the state office was about more
than you was about shifting quote the
narrative about what it's possible for
those outside of the US we have a global
audience watching who look at the
current US president maybe think he
defines the u.s. now his anti-immigrant
anti minority anti-muslim sentiment do
you see your story as a kind of foil a
counter narrative to that are you
personally the anti-trump what what I
represent is is is an America that that
still allows people to fulfill that
American dream that you can come here at
the age of 12 only knowing two phrases
in English have the opportunity to put
yourself through school and ultimately
defeat a fully four-year incumbent to
win a seat at the table not only
representing people that look like you
but a district that has a 70% white
population what I wanted people to know
throughout my Allah
was that this dream isn't closed off to
people that the idea that a person of
color or women could only win and and
run in districts that looked like them
was was was something that we needed to
move away from Harlan thanks for joining
me on upfront
thank you that's our show upfront we'll
be back next week
you
