the Catholic Church has been at the
forefront of demonstrations calling on
the congos President Joseph Kabila
to stand down
and after morning service on Sunday
protesters took to the streets again
since December more than a dozen people
have been killed by security forces in
protests like these and today there was
an all-too-familiar response by police
tear gas quickly followed by gunfire
Rossi / Kennedy was shot dead before the
March started his body taken to a nearby
hospital two others were seriously
injured one of them a student Serge
Mooka I'm not protesting by accident or
in vain and not because I don't know why
I'm protesting by protesting today I was
just claiming my right and this is what
happened to me organizers said the
protesters no longer believed in the
political will of current leaders to
ensure a peaceful transition of power if
kabila is forced to stand down there is
killing here is Kabila condemning them
he's not condemning them at all we will
not end this protest we will maintain
our fight and we will go up to the end
with this fight as with previous protest
marches internet mobile data and
messaging services were cut across the
Congo but the opposition message is
getting out and the shooting by the
security forces is further stoking up
anger
Peter sharp al Jazeera
