John cipher thanks for joining me on
upfront
the latest indictments from the special
counsels investigation into the 2016
presidential election in the u.s.
accuses Russian nationals and
organizations of having allegedly
meddled in that election are you over
the view as many people seem to be in
the u.s. these days that the Trump
campaign colluded with Russia and was
involved in that meddling why
interesting why my view is this this
indictment sets a foundation upon which
the legal community in the Justice
Department Endel and the Muller
investigation will then look for
co-conspirators they were tied with this
you know the the Russians when they do
these things they call it active
measures so it's it's intelligence
service to collect intelligence but the
Russians have always for their history
been very good at subversion and
disinformation and deception and they
also recruit spies to help them do that
that's the issue they recruited members
of the Trump campaign as part of this
alleged campaign I have no way I have no
way of knowing that but one thing I can
say do you believe I'm asking for your
belief I can say with certainty that
they would try his critics hope that
Donald Trump the president of United
States will be indicted as a conspirator
will be kind of charged with a crime
whether ever it is conspiracy treason
that's the hope of many of his critics
they point to his behavior they point to
some of the evidence emerging from the
special counsel do you believe from what
you've seen in the public domain from
what you've heard from behind the scenes
as a CIA veteran
do you believe there is a case at least
for suggesting Donald Trump may have
colluded with Russia I actually do
believe there is a case for that you
know if we're talking about collusion
you know we've seen recently forward
with the stormy Daniels affair for
example this is the Pullman star that
should be paid off that mr. Trump's
behavior puts him in a position where he
could be blackmailed or put himself in
trouble so what we have here is we have
the best service in the world at
blackmail and using these kind of things
to take advantage people shouldn't tell
Russians we have someone who's uniquely
puts themselves in a position where they
could be blackmailed or extorted then
what we've seen is behavior by people
around the Trump campaign some of whom
have been arrested others that have the
information has come out to show what
they've done
then take it another step further when
these people are confronted with that
they say they had no connection lied
about it and then tried to cover it up
and then one step further trumpet is
people attack those very institutions
that could hold them accountable so in
my view this is not the behavior of
people who are wholly innocent
suspicious baby
but isn't the problem that there is no
hard evidence so far we're over a year
into this administration there is no
actual hard evidence by all the media
hype all the coverage all the
testimonies in Congress there is no hard
evidence or smoking gun linking either
Trump or his campaign to the Russians or
espionage organizations espionage
activities they're meant to be kept
secret so no there's no evidence
evidence is something that legal people
find to put into a trial the the bar for
evidence is very high however the bar
for what we've seen in terms of
politically bad behavior and unethical
behavior and unpatriotic behavior has
been met aren't you worried that you
might come across as a bit of a
conspiracy theorist because you say well
the Russians are great at this they're
great at Espeon on that grounds you
could accuse them of anything and say
well they're great at covering their
tracks do you see what I mean there's no
limit to what you could I do something I
do say what you mean and I do
acknowledge that we don't have evidence
to go to a court like I said we've seen
behavior it's either unethical and
unpatriotic and there should be a
political price to pay for that type of
stuff you say unethical unpatriotic
behavior but on the other hand if he is
this Russian stood or if he is
compromised by Russian intelligence why
then did he for example put out a new
nuclear strategy calling for more nukes
and treating Russia as a major rival why
is he supporting more my NATO troops
being sent to Poland why is he sold more
arms to Ukraine than the Obama
administration how do you explain
personally I think those things are
great and I think that's exactly the
type of activity that we have to take to
make it clear to mr. Putin if he's
compromised by Russian intelligence you
need us evidence that he's not you know
I don't know I'm not in the White House
I do think that the deep state that he
talks about in the people with the
professionals who work in the FBI and
the Defense Department and the CIA and
the
in the Director of National Intelligence
these people understand what the
Russians have been doing and what the
Russians are up to and have been
promulgating policies that I think are
good for our country and I think we're
seeing some of that now just one last
question on the kind of hacking alleged
hacking the response by Trump
intelligence chiefs including Trump's
own CI de to Mike Pompeo warned that the
2018 midterm elections could be targeted
by Russian intelligence as well and a
lot of people are criticizing Trump for
not proposing countermeasures or some
kind of defensive measures what would
you want to see as a response to what
you believe is Russian meddling in the
election are you calling for a kind of
counter cyber war counter meddling in
the Russian elections all-out military
confrontation where does it end the
actions that mr. Putin took those active
measures that I talked to you about
these are asymmetric warfare it's part
of their doctrine and it's it this
asymmetric warfare is the is the
doctrine of the weak against the strong
it's like terrorism you can't take on
the United States head-on if you don't
have the means to do so this is a means
of looking for weaknesses in the
American system and taking advantage of
those things therefore the way to deal
with those is to is to put pressure on
Putin to make clear what's acceptable
and what's not accessible I think
continuing to support arms to Ukraine
making it clear there's a price to pay
in his area near abroad where he's taken
advantage in Crimea in Ukraine I do
believe that Nuclear Posture of an
increasing our weapons systems that our
nuclear weapon systems I think this all
makes sense I think continuing to
develop relations and with our NATO
partners to push back I also think
there's a whole education issue that has
advanced and about critics of troubling
yourself as you say he's doing those
things no I'm saying no no much worse
than I'm saying on the one hand he says
unethical he may be unpatriotic you
clearly not a fan of him as an
individual but you're also saying let's
give him more nukes and let him escalate
possibly a nuclear war with Russia on
the food that's not what I said because
this seemed to be this disconnect lots
of people say we don't like Trump we
don't trust Trump he might be a Russian
stood she's clearly off his head but we
think you should escalate a conflict
with Russia that same person that seems
to be a contradiction well the United
Artists States already has the largest
most powerful military in the history of
the world we have the largest arsenal of
weapons even more possibility promoted
modern
those weapons but you're smarter than
making Putin pay a price all of those
things could lead to a another major war
could it not between two countries I do
and you're okay with Donald Trump being
president welcome yeah you're doing what
would Trump and Putin do is you create a
straw man so you can take it down you
said you said we should pick and pay a
price in Ukraine and you support the
modernization and increase in nuclear
weapons is I'm saying how does that
square with you saying you don't trust
Donald Trump
I don't trust down but you trust him
with more weapons but I do not but I
thinking a fight would pay I do trust
the institutions in this country that
are advising mr. Trump institution the
CIA job cipher you served for 28 years
in the Central Intelligence Agency you
were former senior member you were part
of the US clandestine service do you see
the irony in sitting here criticizing
Russia for trying to interfere in
foreign elections given how many foreign
elections the CIA has intervened in
given how many foreign governments the
CIA has toppled Iran 1953 Guatemala in
1954 Brazil 1964 Bolivia 1971 chili 1973
Haiti 1991 the list goes on and on and
on
listen I'm not gonna apologize for being
an American I support didn't ask you to
I support this country in this most of
this country's policies and in those
cases some of them I will admit were
mistakes the presidents the United
States pushed the CIA to get involved in
and the CIA follows the orders of the
President ID States however there's a
system here by which those people are
working on behalf of the Constitution
there's congressional oversight there's
advice and consent to the President and
to the White House and people involved
in these things in Russia those services
are working on behalf of a single man
that single man makes those decisions
for them I'm saying as someone from the
CIA to talk about foreign interference
when you guys meddled you guys plural
not if you meddled in other countries
elections does it not seem a bit rich
Jim Woolsey former head of the CIA was
on Fox News this past weekend laughing
about it when he was asked yeah we've
intervened we did it for a good cause
I'm sure the Russians would say the same
we're doing it for good reasons as well
I totally understand that it appears
that way and what I would ask you look
at is look at mr. Putin
look at his what he's trying to push
he's pushing supporting Taliban in
Afghanistan he's supporting Assad in
Syria to include their use of chemical
weapons he's overtaking neighboring
countries and took up Crimea from
Ukraine so so I do think there are
issues in there things that are right
and wrong in the world and I think mr.
Putin's on the wrong side if we want to
talk about mistakes in American foreign
policy we don't have time today to go
through all of those there's plenty of
them I studied many would say there were
just mistakes there were crimes for
which people have not been held account
that yeah there I'm sure there were some
absolutely john cipher thanks for
joining me on upfront my pleasure
thank you
