President Abdel Fattah al-sisi one
Egypt's presidency back in 2014 by a
landslide ashati
diversity today and he seems sit for
another the only man to stand against
president Sisi is Musa Mustafa Musa all
other challenges have either been
detained disqualified or cited pressure
for abandoning their campaign so I don't
think that as the news reports have
shown he was previously a supporter of
Sisi as a candidate he lobbied and
advocated for him and for him to then
announce himself as the opposition just
hours before the deadline shows that
somebody made a call to him and said I
need you to be a placeholder so that it
is not so apparent that Sisi is destined
to win the election the most recent to
leave the race was former general and
army chief of staff semi Anan he was
arrested soon after announcing his plan
to run the army accusing him of not
getting proper permission and forging
documents Abdul man named Abu futur a
leading opposition figure and former
candidate in the 2012 race was also
arrested accused of alleged ties with
the outlawed Muslim Brotherhood former
prime minister ahmed shafiq plan to
stand was short-lived he withdrew his
candidacy after he was deported from the
United Arab Emirates where he'd been
living in exile and he was then arrested
in Egypt Khaled Ali an opposition leader
who also ran in the 2012 presidential
polls said he was barred from standing
because of a jail term that he contest's
mohamed anwar sadat
the nephew of egypt's assassinated
former President Anwar Sadat opted to
cancel his campaign and after Egyptian
army colonel Ahmed Khan Sawa said he
would run he was given six years in
prison on charges of her opinions
contrary to what Egyptian officials
called the requirements of military
order for the
Terry - then target former generals who
used to be leaders under the former
Mubarak regime is shows a level of
desperation and a level of aggression
they don't think he's going to be
replaced through civilian elections I
think he'll be replaced if he is
replaced through a military coup by
another general international rights
groups have cooled the selection of
fasts and some in the opposition have
suggested a boycott cc's rise to the
presidency came after the 2013 military
coup that deposed has democratically
elected predecessor Mohamed Morsi and as
it stands Sisi looks poised to stay on
for a second term marie-anne de hond al
Jazeera
