hello I'm Richard gisbert and you're at
the listening post here are some of the
media stories we've been tracking this
week elections are coming up in Egypt
and Hungary given what president el-sisi
and prime minister Orban have done to
the media in their countries they don't
have to worry about the way they're
being covered subliminal messages and
life sentences six journalists convicted
in Turkey for allegedly plotting against
the government the aftermath of the
school shootings in Florida is
reverberating throughout the US news
media and amidst the fun and games to
celebrate Chinese New Year one
particular sketch on television about
Africans that the producers probably
want to take back if you're a journalist
covering the upcoming election in Egypt
your contacts in the security services
may prove more useful than those you
have in Parliament there have been more
arrests than manifestos and the
candidates are dropping like flies
take Abdul more named Abdul Fattah for
example he decided not to run against
President Abdel Fattah el-sisi but was
arrested this past week anyway upon his
return to Cairo after doing an interview
in London it's not just what he said
denouncing Egypt's crackdown on dissent
but where he said it on one of our
sister channels al Jazeera Mubasher
which is network and non grata in Egypt
Istanbul is also on Kairos radar these
days because of the opposition channels
that beam out of there and into Egypt
Mecca Moline and al-shara
they're probably the reason the travel
restrictions have been placed on
Egyptian journalists trying to go there
the Sisi government has its bases
covered forces of opposition news
outlets that provide them with platforms
and journalists with plane tickets our
starting point this week is al jazeera's
broadcast Center in London
there are things you just don't say on
Egyptian television these days but I
shut off the tower to zerah hanim
allemande and if you lumber or even on a
channel based outside the country and
broadcasting in like Al Jazeera Mubasher
and Abdul my name Abul food - I must
have known that he was across what is
considered the red line in Egypt because
he questioned the relation between the
Egyptian army and President Abdel Fattah
al-sisi he insinuated in the interview
that relationship between the army and
President Sisi may not be as solid as
assumed after all a scary reality shut
off I could not speak for him but I can
speak in terms of any voice of
opposition to the regime featuring on al
Jazeera Channel and projecting a view
that is contrary to that of anything
this little trilogy is not even going to
allow any semblance however cosmetic of
opposition to it it's a sign that it
feels threatened a regime that feels
itself marginalized and widely opposed
contrary to the image it wants to
project of itself of being popular and
representative
which is exactly what happened to Abdul
my name Abul for two three days after
that interview having returned to Cairo
from London he was jailed along with six
members of his political party for two
was a leading figure in the Muslim
Brotherhood before splitting from the
movement to run as an independent
candidate in the 2012 election that
Mohamed Morsi and the Brotherhood would
go on to win of the tens of thousands of
Egyptians jailed since president el-sisi
took power from Morsi in 2013 for two is
among the most prominent when he agreed
to talk to Al Jazeera Mubasher
the network knew it had a story on its
hands he devoted one hour and 40 minutes
to that interview Al Jazeera has been
banned from Egypt since 2013 the
authorities have jailed its journalists
and accused the network of pro-muslim
Brotherhood coverage on stories like
this one the government and its allies
refused any and all interviewer classes
al Jazeera is not the only outside
broadcaster in the egyptian mix the less
tolerance the government shows for
dissent on the domestic airwaves it
seems the more news comes from beyond
the country's borders appearing on al
Jazeera is provocative in the current
Egyptian climate however I think the
issue goes beyond al Jazeera because now
there are Egyptian media that are
opening in Turkey that can only be
understood through the geopolitical
angle it is not about let's say Turkey
or Qatar believing and the values of
freedom of expression it is more about
using media in geopolitical struggles
with with other countries the rise of
these channels came as some kind of
countering the official state narrative
by giving a different version of reality
altogether a different story and they
did position themselves from day one as
quote/unquote oppositional media
families Brenton Hawkins - Oda
ala moody istanbul-based and media
channels are a vital lie
flying for Egyptians who want to know
what's happening there in a very
important channel in putting forward and
alternatives and in many ways much more
balanced view of the reality a political
economic and security reality in Egypt I
just have you know a caveat they should
not slide sometimes to the same level of
propagandistic type of coverage ability
Lezyne maybe sharia law says some of the
words we use or some of the insults that
they used might backfire and it might
affect their credibility negatively
rather than positively in the eyes of a
wide sector of Egyptians among the
channels beaming out of Istanbul and
into Egypt the two biggest are al shark
and Mecca maligne of the to Mecca
maligne is considered more Pro Muslim
Brotherhood our shark is owned by a
former MP and party leader Ayman Nour
who fled Egypt in 2013 Mecca moline's
ownership structure is more opaque but
its donors have clear links to the
Brotherhood which makes the network an
ultra sensitive issue in Egypt when it
sells an international market research
firm published a survey last year
showing that Mecca maligne was the
country's most watched television
channel the authorities closed down the
firms Cairo offices the official reason
given concerns over health and safety in
the workplace travel restrictions on
Egyptian journalists have recently been
widened to include Turkey again the Sisi
government cited safety concerns
calling Turkey a war zone which will
come as breaking news to Turks and the
Egyptian journalists working there why
are they coming to Turkey the opposition
whether it's politicians or journalists
all need to breathe to have some fresh
air
schway politicians journalists citizens
we're all suffocating in Egypt the media
have only one thing a paper and a pen or
a
camera and they're considered enemies of
the regime but the regime's media even
with all its strength its dozens of
channels and millions of dollars cannot
stop freedom of speech the Egyptian
media is controlled by the general
intelligence services what we're seeing
is increasing control by the military
through its holdings of supposedly
privately-owned and independent
television channels and news outlets it
under lines the fact that the military
and the military intelligence are going
to control the narrative fully and
totally this is complete
authoritarianism and I think it's
represented very clearly now in
developments in the media sector having
long since gained control of news
outlets within Egypt
banned channels they don't like and
arrested journalists and politicians who
refused to fall silent what is left for
the authorities to do get some other
voices celebrities to echo the dominant
narrative film stars and footballers are
among those who have been added to the
nonstop chorus of Pro CC voices you will
hear and see on the Egyptian errors
The Ballad nowhere is no less innocent
there is this very very deep state of
fragmentation and polarization and
division like Egypt has never witnessed
before and a narrative of your either
with us or against us so those who are
already conditioned from their minds
already conditioned prostate pro-regime
a pro CC they're going to definitely you
know be affected by these types of
endorsements
these people are hand-picked and they
are used to legitimize the dictatorship
of general Sisi there will always be a
minority of supporters for whatever
reasons for dictatorial regimes but the
vast number of people opposed to this
regime do not have a voice and they
certainly do not have a voice any kind
of representative voice through the
media in Egypt now
we're discussing other media stories
that are on our radar this week with one
of our producers Johanna who's Joe last
week we took a long look at the state of
journalism in Turkey in the wake of the
failed coup of July 2016
now six journalists and media workers
have been sentenced to life in prison
for their alleged involvement in that
plot who are they and what have they
been convicted of well the six include
ahmed Alton his brother Matt meds and
Nazli illa Chuck and they're all found
guilty of links to the us-based Turkish
cleric Fethullah Gulen who is accused of
being behind the field coup now the
reporters were convicted of allegedly
sending subliminal messages via
newspaper columns and appearances on a
Goodland linked TV channel urging the
overthrow of the government now it's
been more than a year and a half since
the coup attempt so it's pretty hard to
believe that for all the journalists
arrested since then these are the first
actual convictions just how many legal
cases how many arrests are we talking
about here well according to the new
york-based Committee to Protect
Journalists at least 73 media
professionals remain behind bars mostly
without charges or trials making Turkey
the world's number one jailer of
journalists and although another Turkish
Court has just freed a German Turkish
reporter Dana's Jutsu who was killed
last year for allegedly spreading
terrorist propaganda and inciting
violence the larger pattern is very
clear now as Penn International parades
these convictions mark an apex in the
disintegration in the rule of law in
Turkey it's been a week and a half since
the school shootings in Florida and
president Trump is coming under pressure
to do something anything about gun
control in the US but some of that
pressure in the news media is coming
from unexpected quarters what's going on
well in the aftermath of the shooting
survivors have taken to the media both
mainstream and social to advocate for
tougher gun control laws now the
right-wing media apparatus which tends
to oppose rewriting those laws is
contesting that approach Fox News Tucker
Carlson for instance said the surviving
students are being intruded in this
debate and the allegation has been that
they are in some way in contact with
organized anti-gun groups and people who
have suggested that have been
announced as immoral and heartless and
how do still is Fox News right so this
is kind of to be expected but the
network's chief White House
correspondent John Roberts got into it
with press secretary Sarah Huckabee
Sanders on whether the president has any
concrete ideas on the issue on the
broader problem of deranged individuals
get a hold of weapons and killing people
indiscriminately does he have any ideas
on how to deal and John Roberts isn't
the only voice on Fox News talking that
way these days which is new and another
Rupert Murdoch own news though that the
New York Post has published this front
page urging the President to act now
what are we to make of that it's
probably a bit too early to tell but
there seems to be cracks forming in the
right-wing media on the gun control
issue now where the story goes from here
where Murdoch's relationship with
President Trump goes well watch this
space okay Joe thanks if the polls are
to be believed Hungarian Prime Minister
Viktor Orban could win his third
consecutive election this April and
should that happen the media there will
have played a large part ever since
coming to power for the second time in
2010 the auto band government has
devoted considerable energy and
resources to restructuring the domestic
media landscape in its favor
the closure of Hungary's most
influential opposition newspaper nebs
Abood shagged in October of 2016 made
headlines but it was just one example of
many government linked buyouts most of
Hungary's private media is now in the
hands of businessman allied to the Prime
Minister and his party Kadesh those news
outlets alongside numerous state-owned
Channel strongly support Audubon's
anti-immigration policies and tend to
amplify his anti-muslim message
according to two whistleblowers working
at state-owned media the MTV a that's
because the government is directing
their output and those news outlets
dutifully fall into line the listening
posts Flo Phillips now from Budapest on
Viktor orbán's ever tightening grip on
the Hungarian media
at his annual State of the Union address
this past week Viktor Orban hid all his
favorite themes issues he says in danger
hungry the threat posed by migrants you
got a little pond or move it was empty
the dominance of the European Union esta
vez a table really barely knee perigee
political show kostikova iike the spread
of Islam
okay thirsting to the whole class shop
so this lambda initially and his disdain
for George Soros Christian phobic is
Denis George Soros resell is evident of
their we Mexicans did
meghanadha to there are very clear
messages from the Fidesz from the
dominant party and the state may be and
pro-government media just repeat the dis
messages and Sasha retirement a holiday
looks as migrant tortoise of the filler
and Roca hatred you know the otherand
propaganda is younger than ever before
so it's sort of the kind of
communication board public media has
been totally conquered by the government
since 2010 now they have four channels
to communicate the rhetoric of the
government its full-time full-time
propaganda isn't unique to state media
the Fidesz parties control extends
across the media landscape encompassing
both public and private operations
according to the investigative
journalism outlet at lat so since 2010
allies of the prime minister have been
buying up numerous Hungarian media
outlets men like former Hollywood
producer Andy Viner
and old school friend Lawrence Mesirow
are among a group of 14 Orban allies
whose collectively bought 11 radio
stations 22 television channels and
close to 500 online and print
organizations state media however
remains a powerful megaphone the
umbrella organization created by the
Hungarian government in 2011
is called the MTV a and it oversees all
public outlet across TV radio and web
MTV a costs Hungarians more than two
hundred and fifty million euros a year
and is referred to by its critics as
quote a taxpayer-funded propaganda
network we spoke to two MTV a employees
who described a lack of editorial
independence and a climate of fear
the latter explains why they were wary
of speaking out and did so on condition
that we disguised their faces and their
voices every single thing connected to
domestic politics is restricted I mean
you can't write anything bad about the
government for example if something is
politically sensitive I I get
instructions in in some cases I have the
whole ready-made article so I don't need
to do anything no editing that just
control-c copy and paste the whole
article really it's unimaginable to be
honest director in chief is genuinely
like a dictator he comes into the office
saying hey what's up guys but then when
you get an email from him your stomach
tightens in the beginning we used to get
emails like please do it like this or
please don't do it like that now he just
shots from one corner of the office we
can't put this in the news it's against
victor roba
being pro alban requires the hungarian
media to turn against those critical of
his government and its agenda that means
opposition figures critical voices of
the european union refugees and one
well-known hungarian emigrant george
soros the us-based billionaire
businessman and philanthropist has
through his Open Society Foundations
funded investigations into the urban
government and campaigned in favor of
multiculturalism and more open borders
ideals squarely at odds with the prime
ministers for all bands Fidesz party
Soros has become a handy scapegoat and
when you hear Hungarian media solace
represents all that threatens the
country according to our insiders at MTV
a editorial directives from the
government on the Soraa story can be
crystal clear so one of my bosses sent
me a Word document by mistake which was
produced by this content making
Department of the Prime Minister's
Office and this document here makes the
case that sure OSHA and his
organisations are rallying support for a
massive anti-government protest okay so
here this bit says this statement
shudders does not trust the rule of law
he he then goes on to say or this
document that he wants to use illegal
methods to overthrow the government and
this whole evil plan is happening before
our eyes
they are already offering training
sessions conferences pronouncements and
and their brainwashing people what other
stories about if it mentions Chirac we
focus on it anything that has any
connection to Shiraz gets the Shiraz
beginning Shiraz organization Shiraz
University and of course the word
migrant and then left liberal left
liberal newspaper left liberal
journalists only three words short of
migrant and left liberal that's the
government's whole campaign we tried
putting these claims of government
interference directly to the
and spokesperson Zoltan Kovach he turned
our interview requests down by text
message he said he did not believe that
the government should in any way comment
on media issues even going as far as to
say that the government has nothing to
do with media and he said we could quote
him on that we made our way to
Parliament where every week Kovach hosts
a press conference that's broadcast live
on state TV
our producer managed to get in and tried
asking yes please can I know you know
you're going cunt there's an order
there's an order in the room and the
order is that you give back the
microphone to the person okay mister no
no it's not there mr. Nowlan it's not
your Terrance yeah there is some no no
it's not your turn would you like would
you like me to guards to escort you out
of the room Hungry's combination of
tightly controlled state media and
private outlets owned by government
friendly tycoons means that most of the
country's media are on the same page
when it comes to some of the most
important issues evidence of that can be
found in the eerily similar
pro-government talking points that keep
appearing almost word-for-word in
multiple news outlets as we now know
it's often a cut and paste job under a
government that says it has nothing to
do with the media I think every
pro-government media outlet has a guy
who sends out these kind of directives
from a centralized content providing
Department they never dictate the exact
article they just include bullet points
stating the government's opinion you
know their official line but put lots of
articles with different by lines
together look at the titles highlight
key words and you realize the message is
the same we figured out that the content
creation is centralized we created this
model where you can see that an
information pops up somewhere and in an
hour all these medias it has been
influenced by the government refer to it
displayed around in the case of
continuous papers the content is
packaged in the very same way so if you
see the stories and the articles of the
twenty newspapers which are edited
centrally there are the very same
stories very same pages in the newspaper
even victory burns worst enemies will
concede this about his media strategy
it's working he has a healthy lead in
the polls and come the election in April
is likely to secure a third term his
remaining critics on the airwaves a few
RTL club a German own channel
broadcasting in Hungarian has been
beyond his reach because it's based
outside the country but even that may
change
it's like another semi a schmoozer
addition for your name that is over any
- no Teresa did also for me to do media
render tips agin acronyms Atticus Bank
al anbiya the majority of Hungary's news
media is already owned by Hungarians
Viktor Orban wants it all and when he
says the media system must be in
national hands what he means is hands he
can control finally when a gala gets it
wrong
Chinese New Year is a television
spectacle the state on CCTV networks
Lunar New Year gala draws audiences in
the hundreds of millions for hours of
dance music comedy with a little dash of
propaganda but those elements don't
always mix one of the themes this year
was a celebration of China's ties to
African nations but there's got to be a
better way to do that than taking a
Chinese actress and painting her face
black or putting a black actor in a
monkey suit the reviews from Twitter and
China's version of Twitter sign away Bo
were not good we'll see you next time
here at The Listening Post
butoh mean anything that supports each
employee well face it out a toll on my
mother meal since I don't wanna hide
from a letter Phaedra we want makes you
cheerful I'm over this you're currently
on the jumper - why
so yeah thank you
