on March 18th Russians will go to the
polls to decide who will become their
next president but just how fair and
democratic will that vote be the past to
the Kremlin for Russian opposition
candidates is notoriously dangerous in
2015 opposition leader Boris Nemtsov was
killed and this year the main challenger
to President Vladimir Putin's rule
Alexei Navalny has been barred from even
running so is Russia today more of a
dictatorship than a democracy and what
does the sitting president and former
KGB spy Vladimir Putin want for himself
and for his country with me to discuss
all of this our Yevgenia albats
editor-in-chief of the New Times in
Moscow Vladimir Posner a prominent
Russian American journalist and former
Soviet Union spokesman and Vladimir
carmoza a leading Russian opposition
figure an activist thank you all for
joining me on upfront given there are
presidential elections around the corner
I want to begin by asking whether Russia
whether Russia these days can really be
classed as a democracy a lot of people
say no Vladimir Posner partially you
could say that there are some democratic
element elements today in Russia but I
would hesitate to call it a democracy
it's got a long way to go before it
becomes a democracy if it becomes a
democracy so yes more than during Soviet
times but still not really a democracy
the way I understand one if good news is
out of you you show an accurate
description
no by any means as much as I respect
Vladimir Posner I would say that it's
impossible to call a Russia a democracy
it's not a democracy it's not a
dictatorship either it is a it is a
country which is run by a corporation
the gradients of the former political
police the KGB and what we're going to
have on March 18th 2018 has nothing to
do with elections there will be no
elections there are no elections there
is no choice in Russia it's just a point
mint whatever Putin for the fourth term
in the office and Vladimir karma is a
you've got
recently saying Western leaders
shouldn't recognize Russia's election
shouldn't give it their quote
international seal of approval why not
well when we speak about elections in
Russia we have to put the word in
quotation marks because for more than 18
years now we've not had a free and fair
and democratic election in our country
you don't have to take my word for it
just look at all the reports by OSCE
observers and Council of Europe
observers who have monitored Russian
elections in these past two decades and
it's frankly very puzzling when every
time we've had elections against
so-called elections in our country we
have observers coming in from the OSC
from the Council of Europe from
democratic nations and these observers
are issuing this absolutely damning
reports that there's no real competition
there's no real choice these are not
real elections and yet a few hours after
these observers from Western countries
issue those reports the leaders of those
same Western countries the
democratically elected presidents and
prime ministers pick up the phone and
call mr. Putin to congratulate him to
congratulate him on what in effect on a
successful theft of the votes and when
we're speaking about this so-called
presidential election that will take
place on the 18th of March we can
discuss for a long time all the
different ways and methods the Kremlin
has mastered in terms of manipulating
and controlling the electoral process
but I think frankly it is enough to
mention just one fact there were two
prominent opposition leaders who were
planning to challenge Vladimir Putin for
the presidency in 2018 one was Boris
Nemtsov the former Russian Deputy Prime
Minister the most recognizable face of
the Russian Democratic opposition who
will not be on the ballot next month
because he was killed almost three years
ago on the bridge in front of the
Kremlin and the second challenger is the
anti-corruption activist Alexei Navalny
who's spent the last year campaigning
all across the country during hundreds
and thousands of people at rallies
everywhere he went and he's not gonna be
on the ballot because the Russian
authorities have deliberately
disenfranchised him with a politically
motivated core conviction that was by
the way overturned already by the
European Court of Human Rights but it
still served as grand so disenfranchise
him it is not difficult to win an
election
when your opponents are not actually on
the ballot that point Vladimir Posner
if it's not that difficult to win an
election when your opponents not on the
ballot what's the point of the election
is it just for international approval is
it just to kind of give some kind of fig
leaf of legitimacy if there's no choice
if there's this manipulation is you have
gainer and vladimir cameras are pointing
out what's the point of these election
before I answer that question I'd like
to make a point myself when I was asked
to participate in this program I said I
was not interested in getting into a
debate I am NOT a debater I'm a
journalist I'm not an opposition I'm not
a pro I'm not a big fan of Putin's but I
like to try to be objective with all due
respect mr. Kerem will say as you said
is a act of opposition per person and so
she again y'all bots and what she does
in her magazine I'm simply not
interested in that kind of discussion
it's very clear what they're going to
say probably pretty clear what I'm going
to say because people don't do go to the
poll and they do vote and for whatever
reasons
Putin has a very high percentage of
support and it's not because people are
stupid as I say again I'm not a Putin
supporter but I do have to see things
the way they are or you describe them
the way you want them to be or want
people to believe them to be it's not a
discussion I'm interested in so I think
what I'm going to do is I'm going to let
the two people talk and agree with each
other on all the negative things that
they're going to say and I'll do some
other stuff that is much more
interesting for me so I'm going to thank
you for the opportunity but that's about
it I really have no interest in
participating in this this is an
ideological debate and I'm no longer
interested in ideas what did you wanted
about it just out of interest Wow
well it's I think unfortunately with all
the respect for mr. poses professional
from say the years in in Russian media
in all its various guises in Soviet in
the 90s and today I think that is the
actually the basic point about the
people who are either open Putin
supporters or who pretend to be
objective but who are in fact Putin
supporters that they always run of a run
away from genuine debate so just to
clarify for our viewers we had a guest
Vladimir Posner joining us from London
who's a well-known Russian journalist
here to try and express a different view
to Vladimir Cara Musa who is an
opposition activist and yevgenii
Albert's who is an independent
in Moscow he's decided to leave us let
me go to Yevgenia albats in Moscow and
let me ask you this when you hear people
like Vladimir Posner who's now departed
this show say your ideologues your
opposition figures you know what's your
response to that you know I was
surprised because well you know Posner
is a very experienced very professional
journalist and he himself spent quite
some time working as a Soviet propaganda
mouthpiece during the Soviet times and
then he himself denied that Vladimir
Posner has his own show on channel 1
which belongs to the state and which is
unfortunately is just another propaganda
machine to to mislead your Russian
people you have getting a lot of people
watching I understand his wall a lot of
people watching might wonder how it is
that in a country where we're here
there's so much propaganda and
crackdowns on the press how does someone
like you operate then you seem to be
running a magazine you're here you're
speaking from Moscow speaking freely to
me now and to our audience about what's
going on how does that how does that all
fit together it is very difficult unlike
it was under the Soviet Union Russia is
not a totalitarian state so they allow
for some opposition voices to exist
I had however to close the paper version
of my magazine because people are we're
afraid I'm still afraid to give us ads
because to give ads to the New Times
magazine was to publicly express your
support to their position that's a quilt
of one of the prominent Russian
oligarchs whom I couldn't name so
therefore we are running on very small
budgets the magazine now
only digital and most likely we will go
out of business in the months to come
let me put that point to Vladimir
Karamazov who's here with me you've been
targeted you say by the Russian
government you I think not once but
twice attacks on your life in the form
of poisonings you say that you had to
leave the country when you were poisoned
so how does that opposition fog figure
survive in Putin's Russia if as you say
people like yourself are targeted well
first of all that's not what I say
that's the official doctor's diagnosis
from my Moscow hospital both times that
it was acute intoxication of an unknown
origin the first attempt was in 2015 the
second was just last year but you know
this is nothing new frankly we have
known for a very long time that it is a
dangerous and risky vocation to be in
opposition to mr. Putin's regime and so
many of our friends and colleagues have
been forced to leave have been put into
prison have been harassed and attacked
and as we were just discussing a minute
ago the most prominent leader in the
Russian opposition Boris Nemtsov has
been assassinated 200 yards from the
Kremlin wall in the middle of Moscow
three years ago and in terms of the
level of political repression as much as
I'm sympathetic to what you say let's be
fair a lot of us here in Moscow as much
as we recognize the dangers and you know
the attacks on your life and of course
you know what happened to Murray snoots
off is a great tragedy however don't
please don't exaggerate
each week on Monday and on Tuesday I go
out and I show my school with it or
audience all across Russia and I say
precisely what I consider right to say
so I think it's also very important not
to mislead the public outside there are
some are you misleading are you
exaggerating about the situation well
now first of all I think there's no
question that Russia today is not the
Soviet Union it is not a totalitarian
state we do not have closed borders I
think it is also
absolutely true that the current regime
is much more creative and much more
intelligent about how it affects its
political control but I think it's also
absolutely fair and absolutely factual
to say that the level of political
repression is fast approaching the late
Soviet period okay yevgenia Russia has
gone through revolutions collapse regime
change wars in the past hundred years or
more is there a fear of instability that
is shared by a lot of Russian people and
you know and by many politicians and is
that what allows a man like Putin to
stay in power for so long does it make
someone as authoritarian as Putin
inevitable in a country like yours
I cannot subscribe to that I don't
believe in all these cycles of the
rhetoric terrorism in Russia where are
some people you know crying wolves
outside Russia Alexei Navalny has
managed to ask people out on the streets
and people went out on the streets in a
hundred eighteen cities of the Russian
Federation of course you know this type
of regime is no friend to democracy by
any means it goes without saying that
Putin will tighten screws after his yet
another integration in may two thousand
eighteen however I think that part of
the blame should be put on Russian
liberals and Democrats who were
complicit with with the regime for that
reason or another
ok let's one last question to you
Vladimir kerim is the Speaker of
Parliament in Russia a said if there is
Putin there is Russia if there is no
Putin there is not Russia there is this
kind of personalization now around the
leader
what happens after Putin's gone he wins
the next election he serves another six
years until 2024 then he can't serve
anymore under the current rules is he
gonna go is there gonna be a post Putin
Russia or is he gonna stay on for life
somehow first not that statement that
you caught it from mr. Valery and that
that is one of the most insulting
statements I
heard about Russia or the Russian people
to even suggest that you know there
wouldn't be a country with such a rich
heritage such a great culture as Russia
without any one person let alone this
one is absolutely insulting please don't
confuse a country with an authoritarian
regime that miss rules it those are not
one and the same thing applies to a lot
of came after him and will when you say
after him when when will we see the back
of him do you think in your view one
thing again I'm a historian my education
one thing we definitely know from the
modern history of Russia is that big
political changes in our country in our
country happen quickly and unexpectedly
let me put that last word to you you've
Kenya do you agree with that that
there's no guarantee of Putin's
re-elected that he lasts a full term
2024 or do you think he stays on for
life he changes the rules again which I
cannot allow himself to step down he
will remain to be a frontman for the
corporation corporation will never allow
him to go unless unless they will him
this corporation and putting himself
will be challenged by people from
outside Kremlin and that's exactly my
hope that the minute they realize that
country's doing down the hill it Sakura
means is in pieces the Russian elite
will start looking for another leader
and at that at that moment
Putin is doomed we'll have to leave it
there you have Kenya albert's Vladimir
Kara Musa thank you both for joining me
on this show Vladimir pose they decided
to leave at the beginning but I think we
still had a very interesting discussion
I appreciate your insights that's our
show upfront we'll be back next week
you
