this sculpture of a young boy and girl
represents the childhood of millions of
Syrian children killed injured orphaned
or displaced their young thoughts
displayed here in Beirut through art
inspired by their poems if you want to
do anything with the aid agencies they
don't call you by your name
or your family name they call you by
your number this is very upsetting I
want to be called by my name Yara wrote
a poem called a wish this is the
artist's interpretation of her dreams
this is my goal I have a wish I want to
finish my studies and become a lawyer so
I can defend the rights of children more
I don't want children to suffer like
we've suffered haunting images paint a
picture of trauma experiences that have
abruptly ended a carefree childhood
I was very upset to leave my country and
come here my house changed from a house
to attend instead of walls we have wood
and instead of a ceiling we have a tent
cover that is it the dreams of these
children and their families are simple
it is the dream of millions of other
Syrians it is an urgent and desperate
plea they want the war to end and they
want to go home
Stephanie Decker al-jazeera
