as people in eastern goethe continued to
die in the Security Council they
continued to argue more words of
division and no sign of
desperately-needed action the regime
wants to keep bombing and gassing these
400,000 people and the Assad regime is
counting on Russia to make sure this
Security Council is unable to stop their
suffering those really applaud you
mister 99 is right to discuss frankly
what is occurring around this Damascus
suburb the massive psychosis in global
media outlets in coordination
disseminating in recent days the same
rumors this in no way do anything to
help improve an understanding of the
situation he said a false narrative was
being presented to taint the reputation
of his country this despite the fact
he'd heard the UN's top humanitarian
official detail exactly what was being
inflicted on Eastern guter airstrikes
mortars rockets barrel bombs cluster
munitions chemical weapons thermite
bombs suicide bombs snipers DoubleTap
attacks on civilians of the essential
infrastructure they depend on including
hospitals and schools outside the UN a
campaign group highlighted the scale of
the seven-year long conflict and tried
to shame the Security Council into
action inside the building here in the
corridors there were frantic
negotiations to try and bring a draft
resolution calling for a 30-day
ceasefire to a vote
a scale of 1 to 10 how they cooled has
been negotiated 11 by the time they
gathered in the security council chamber
it was clear Russia wanted amendments
and wouldn't let the resolution pass in
its current form over the past two years
with Russian military help the Syrian
government represented by Ambassador
Bashar al-jaafari has turned the tide of
the war now using Russian diplomatic aid
the Assad regime wants finally to win it
whatever it takes including civilian
casualties and outright lies
do you deny that you are killing
civilians in eastern Kuta not only we
deny we are saying that many of these
fake news are staged by whom by orgasms
by whom by the terrorists by the Syrian
moderate opposition there was a sense of
exasperation and despair we summed up by
Sweden's ambassador I do think that we
are tested today not just as ambassadors
representing our countries but as human
beings and that is a massive
responsibility a test for now they have
failed James BAE's al-jazeera of the
United Nations
