the smallest coffins are the heaviest in
besiege ruther they are in there dozens
everyday for parents saying goodbye to
little children is not easy almost every
family has lost someone the number of
dead is so high that trenches are being
dug for quick burials if people linger
outside for too long they risk becoming
victims of the next forming living rooms
and offices are now makeshift morgues
for those who survive the attacks
medical facilities are not available
without borders' says 13 hospitals have
been hit in three days since Sunday the
Syrian government and its allies have
stepped up their strikes and troops have
been converging around the defeat
Dantley eastern kutah is supposed to be
one of four de-escalation zones agreed
upon by Russia Iran and Turkey but the
Syrian government says it's targeting
what it calls terrorists in an area home
to 400,000 people and Russia denies it's
involved in the relentless bombardment
of civilians the situation really leaves
much to be desired
well as you know the responsibility for
the situation in eastern huhta rests
with those who support the terrorists
tunnels like these have been crucial for
rebels who've stopped multiple attempts
to storm eastern border in the past
there are numbered and their supplies
have been cut off but the rebels say
they will not surrender without a fight
mana we as Lahani Shalit ala sayyida our
capabilities a weak but God willing we
will deal with this the regime will lose
again Goethe faced similar attacks then
it didn't fall and now again we will
survive besieged Syrian say none of the
words from people in power have done
much to protect them messages for help
from Eastern Hooda have been non-stop
Street after Street there are bodies and
parents have been trying to pull their
children out of the rubble the United
Nation calls it hell on earth or for
besieged people in eastern Huether who
feel abandoned by the outside world they
might as well be living on another
planet Osama bin Javed Al Jazeera Ghazi
Anton
