well the man left the first to be jailed
under a new deportation scheme many of
the 37,000 African refugees in Israel
had been given three months to take up a
cash offer to leave for Rwanda or face
indefinite time in jail Vernon Smith has
more from tel-aviv they're the hardest
jobs to fill in Israel's restaurant
industry and they're often done by
people like Talib dukkha who walked from
Darfur in Sudan to Israel eight years
ago I got him in Holland that floor was
a situation there was very difficult I
used to see death every day I saw the
death of my father with my own eyes you
can't go back from here there's no way
back no return but tallip is in Israel
illegally now he faces deportation his
boss says those refugees who work for
him have a strong work ethic making them
worth the extra taxes he has to pay for
hiring non-israeli staff I mean it's not
something that you can say well the
restaurant ears and hotel managers and
the hotel owners they simply don't want
to pay the local workers and that's why
they are willing to only hire the
migrants that's that's a false that's
that's a false assumption because you're
paying more and once they we live you
will be left with no workers and no one
to know what to do those jobs 37,000
Africans are being offered three and a
half thousand dollars and a one-way
ticket to an unspecified country in
Africa many live here in the
working-class suburbs of southern Tel
Aviv pressure on the right-wing
government from local Israelis and it's
nationalist base encouraged the
deportations
but it's prompting a backlash in a
country other Israelis see has found it
as a refuge for Jews fleeing persecution
a group of Holocaust survivors has
written to Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu asking him not to deport the
migrants the anti-defamation league in
the u.s. says Israel should reconsider
its plans citing Jewish values and
refugee heritage Netanyahu says that
Israel does accept refugees and the
people facing deportation are those who
are illegal economic migrants
eleven asylum requests have been
accepted by the government out of about
fifteen thousand that have been
submitted in the EU by comparison around
60% of applications are approved at the
very least we need to be as open as
other countries which we haven't been I
think for a lot of people as you said
this speaks very deeply to to their
personal and family history it does for
me as well but I think beyond that this
is this is a human rights issue that we
all have to to to fight against and and
make sure it doesn't happen but still
opinion poll suggests 70% of Israel's
Jewish population agrees with the
deportation program those who don't take
up the cash and ticket offer face jail
Taleb says he prefers that than being
sent back to Africa Burnett Smith al
Jazeera Tel Aviv
