for many years this is how France tested
its nuclear weapons believing it's
Polynesian possessions were the perfect
proving grounds out of the way with few
people's welfare to worry about in this
film MA or he muy loco de los al the
indigenous community of the Marah and
 Alpha atolls is speaking out what
the work is the inspiration of the
Belgian director anak G slang and
Tahitian writer flora diva team they had
a place for the tests and the scientists
had somewhere they could move their
program forward they forgot all of us
living around them and the impact that
would have on us surely it was that
sense of a community exploited which
propelled and neek to put these
experiences on film I realized there was
a wound something tragic which every
person had inside which was linked to
the nuclear tests but also to the grand
scale of colonization they had suffered
and many people spoke about having a
sense of shame of having been complicit
in the vast tests that happened here
which broke a traditional culture
that feeling of a threatened culture is
present in the film 3000 which profiles
the Inuit population of North America
using the black and white of yesteryear
to contrast with the vivid colors of
today it's a cinematic chronicle of the
inner wit people and is the work of
emerging director a synergic she told me
why she made the film we talk a lot
about especially in Canada right now we
talk a lot about colonisation and I
thought well for a lot of reasons I
thought that it would be important to
have like a visual document that would
actually show like show time passing and
life changing they may not have the big
budgets of Hollywood studio movies or
the cachet of European art house cinema
but indigenous filmmakers are at the
heart of this year's barely Nara a clear
sign that the organizers of this
festival believe the concerns of those
communities need to be given greater
prominence Dominic Kane al-jazeera
Berlin
