hours before he was taken to hospital
for an emergency gallbladder operation
the Vatican's most experienced sex
crimes investigator explained the
high-profile mission that brought him to
Chile every name Pope Francis has sent
me to collect useful information
concerning Monsignor one barrel he was
referring to this bishop accused of
covering up sex abuse is committed by
Chile's most notorious paedophile priest
the well documented abuses took place in
the seminary of the church that you see
behind me and it was the Pope stubborn
defense of Bishop bad rose during his
recent trip here to Chile that Unleashed
widespread criticism that his promise of
zero tolerance of abuses in the church
was a mere public relations exercise
under pressure to address the worst
crisis of his papacy the Pope dispatched
his team of investigators to hear
testimonies from those whom just weeks
earlier he had accused a slander among
them sex abuse survivor Quan Hamilton
it's hard time that the dirt hidden
under the rugs comes out my meeting with
the archbishop was respectful whatever
happens the Vatican will know the truth
of what goes on in Chile although the
outcome ultimately depends on the Pope a
Spanish priest to accompany the
Vatican's chief investigator has taken
over the interviews while the archbishop
recovers Wednesday afternoon he heard
testimonies from three parishioners a
priest and a deacon from osorno the city
where the Pope appointed Bishop barrows
despite widespread protests vuela
persona did you know we want to tell
others who also want to testify it that
we are confident that despite the
Archbishop's illness the investigation
will continue with full guarantees of
independence from Chile's complicit
church hierarchy in Chile some 80
priests have been accused of sexual
abuse of minors according to the
American NGO bishop accountability the
question many are asking now is whether
this week's ongoing investigation is
simply papal damage control or does it
signal a new more convincing chapter
in the catholic church's purported fight
against ongoing clerical sex abuse you
see in human al jazeera
cent yeah
