after more than a week walking the offer
of a ride was too good to miss trailer
drivers were among the many Mexicans on
Monday giving a hand to a migrant
caravan of more than 7,000 people most
of them Hondurans The Grateful
hitchhikers clung to where they could
this was on my way and we're all human
beings I couldn't turn them down they've
made it this far god bless them they're
trying to get to the US other locals
waited by the side of the road to give
them water sandwiches and even nappies
for the many children Manuela had come
from the nearest town to help out we
want to give them what we can from our
hearts it doesn't matter that we're out
in the Sun and the Sun was fierce 30
degrees of heat women and children were
among those struggling on until for some
it became too much that's why so many
flock to get a lift the distances that
people have been traveling in the last
couple of days a fairly epic about the
equivalent to a marathon so they're
really taking advantage of any offer of
transport that they can that came to an
end briefly with this a young man who
fell and was caught under the wheels
the multitude continued they all give
the same reason for their Odyssey
unrelenting poverty and underemployment
back home my job I could Billy afford
food the Mexican authorities are still
working out how to deal with such a
desperate influx more than 1,000 have
requested asylum here the rest are
determined to march on and despite the
fact that they entered the country
illegally
the main immigration checkpoint on the
route was closed as they passed it they
shouted in unison yes we can yes we can
John Holman al Jazeera Chapas
