in this central plaza in cucuta hundreds
of Venezuelans stand in line for up to
seven hours they wait for a wire
transfer that will help them endure the
economic crisis back home
Carmen Diaz travels to this Colombian
border town every month she needs the
money
her son sends from Chile to buy medicine
you might think that we are happy to
come here and receive a little money but
instead it's very sad knowing that we
can't afford the basic things we need
it's painful to be here but it's a
sacrifice we have to make it's an
excruciating but essential wait
Venezuelans can't receive remittances at
home due to the exchange controls
imposed by the government of President
Nicolas Maduro they used the money to
buy basic items or ever more often bus
tickets to reach those who already left
in search of a better life I'm here to
go to Peru with my son my husband is
already there he's saved for four months
to pay for our tickets we wanted to stay
in Venezuela but it's becoming
impossible with the upcoming
presidential elections we're worried
they'll shut the border so we decided it
was time to go Venezuelan immigration
experts say a fifth of the population
has left the country in the last two
years some say in Colombia but
increasing numbers continue to other
South American countries where it might
be easier to find work the number of
buses leaving the station for the
Ecuadorian border the next stop on these
migrants journey has passed from six or
seven a week to more than 70 every
single day but even that is not enough
and some people have to wait up to four
days for a ticket families struggled to
save enough for just one bus ticket but
when it's time to separate the heartache
is palpable the Ramirez sold all they
could to get their eldest son renew a
passport in a bus fare to Argentina what
we make is not enough to feed us it's
sad because we used to have it all food
and jobs but not anymore that's why my
son is leaving and my heart is broken no
one can resist forever that's why he
must go a scene that repeats itself with
painful regularity as each bus takes off
and more families are torn apart by
necessity living behind a sad trail of
trauma and tears
Allison MPT al-jazeera c√∫cuta
