stepping up peace efforts in Yemen the
UN's attempts to revive talks to end the
three-year Civil War find support from
key players but what will it take to
stop the vicious cycle of violence death
disease and hunger in one of the world's
poorest countries this is inside story
hello welcome to the program I'm
Adrienne Finnegan the un's last attempt
a few weeks ago to bring the warring
sides in Yemen to the table failed the
Houthis didn't make it to Geneva blaming
travel problems but the UN Special Envoy
Martin Griffiths refuses to give up and
he's hopeful that new talks can now take
place not as zeros Bernhard Smith
reports
so Yemen's foreign minister holid al
jamani says his government is prepared
to recognize the Houthis as a political
movement through a democratic process he
says but what his government is not
prepared to accept is the Houthis
becoming the Yemeni equivalent of the
Lebanese group Hezbollah Hezbollah is a
heavily armed Iranian backed group in
Lebanon and it holds considerable
influence over political life in Lebanon
never equate with a show of natural elet
the Yemeni government made many
concessions during the consultations in
Kuwait but there are red lines that
cannot be crossed like not allowing in
Yemen what is happening in Lebanon where
a party like Hezbollah creates hurdles
in the political process the government
could accept the Houthis as a political
movement within the political community
in the country through a democratic
process that reflects their true size
and the UAE s foreign minister he's
tweeted Anwar Gargash has tweeted that
he fully supports UN proposals for new
talks soon the UAE s troops are fighting
alongside Yemeni government forces and
the UN Special Envoy for Yemen he says
that he's convinced the Houthis are also
prepared to talk so the priority now for
Martin Griffis is to get all sides
around the table as soon as possible
it's got to be within weeks I don't
think we can allow it to be delayed
until kind of over the horizon because
the problem with that is and I've been
reassured this week meeting people here
in New York that people lose the
narrative of peace and once you lose the
opportunity to talk about a settlement
the narrative of war becomes dominant
and that's what we must try to get away
from for now though the fighting and the
airstrikes continue since June much of
those airstrikes have been centered
around the
strategically important port of the data
Yemen remains blockaded at sea and by
air the UN is warning that the country
is on the verge of famine and already
there are reports of children dying from
malnutrition and this is a conflict
where at least 20,000 people have been
killed since fighting began
well it's ER minds you of previous UN
attempts to get the warring parties in
Yemen together the first round of talks
was held in Geneva in June 2015 three
months after the saudi-led coalition
entered the conflict but that meeting
collapsed after Yemen's government in
exile accused Houthi representatives of
refusing to meet them later in that same
year the UN managed to organize
negotiations that lasted for six days
they agreed a mass prisoner swap but
nothing else of significance
fast forward to Kuwait in April 2016
that's the last time the sides actually
met but after 188 days the talks ended
with no agreement right let's bring in
our guests for today's discussion from
London were joined by andreas Krieg an
assistant professor at the Defense
Studies department at King's College
London from Sanaa is Hussein alga Katie
a Yemen affairs analyst and journalist
and from Bristol Sabah al Kozai a
political commentator and lecturer at
the city of Bristol College gentlemen
welcome to you all Andreas let's start
with you as we heard Bernhard Smith
saying there Yemen's foreign minister
has said that his government could
accept the Houthis as a political
movement through a democratic process
that highlights their true size but that
the Houthis wouldn't be allowed to
become like Lebanon's Hezbollah there
are red lines that cannot be crossed he
said does that get us anywhere if and
when the peace talks resume right I mean
for the time being I think these are not
peace talks per se I think the first
talks will be about a ceasefire because
the war still aren't going I think peace
talks will come after there is an
established ceasefire and some sort of
agreement of where this peace talks
could actually lead the various parties
the issue generally is with the Yemeni
foreign minister or the Yemeni
government the officially recognized
government is that it doesn't have that
much leverage and it's actually not one
of the most important players in Yemen
in many ways it's a puppet or a
surrogate of the UAE in Saudi Arabia so
they don't really make decisions on
their own it is a good sign that they
show at least a willingness to accept
the Houthis or answer Allah as a
political movement and political party
that is part of the process because that
was one of the things one of the
contentious issues that for a very long
time they Marat YZ and the Saudis have
rejected to a
except that actually the who these are
part of Yemen and they should be part of
any political process that comes after
the war the issue however is and that
that will be long-term the P for the
peace process will be to determine what
is actually the actual weight of the
Houthis in Yemen and what is the kind of
size that is proportionate to the kind
of the kind of political and also public
are you know the weight that they have
within the country and that's very
difficult to determine because obviously
now they're who these control large
parts and some of the most important
parts of Yemen and you know we'll have
to see whether this can be represented
if you then say that answer Allah is
actually something that comes just from
the northern province or that the
Houthis are not from the northern
province and are therefore only
represented there and get only a
fraction of the kind of political say
that they want to have then this is
obviously it's not going to be something
the hoodies will be pleased about but I
think this is for a later a peace
agreement to be determined I think first
of all showing good faith goodwill in
now from both parties to say actually
we're willing to accept the other party
and accept that the other party has an
input in the Houthis particularly I
think is a good sign in that that is a
beginning to suggest also to the UN that
there is a willingness to talk alright
Hussein Alba Katie in in soon after the
collapse of the Geneva talks the Crisis
Group accused the Houthis of last-minute
gamesmanship that sent a clear message
that they are not serious which
confirmed the suspicions of the
coalition ah the hood is serious about
peace in Yemen of course there are
really really a serious and we remember
that they have accepted to go to the
Hahnel janab south of Saudi Arabia for
talks and as well to quite even though
quite is a part of this coalition war
they refuse to go to a country that has
launched a war against him and about
Geneva we know that why it collapsed
because how the delegates from Saud were
not given any guarantees from the United
Nation for their safety of order a safe
return and if you just let me mention
that after previous quiet talk Saudi
Arabia refused to let the Yemeni son
delegates to come back to Sanaa and they
were stuck in in Muscat for about 70
days and so they really wanted to go to
this talk they they accepted from the
beginning but what seems to be the
problem that the saudi-led coalition
actually is using this kind of talks to
start a new operation or to start a new
a new attack we know there was beast ok
before the invasion or the attack of of
Aden and before the the control of
omocha
by the coalition forces and before a
Geneva we have seen that a mass attack
was conducted on a day that one of the
last humanitarian line for millions of
Yemeni so I I don't and I think just two
about what the hardly government Foreign
Minister have said about to accept the
whole t if they would and he talked
about a democratic process and election
I mean you can't talk about those things
at this moment you have first if you
want you have to look to Yemeni
civilians with damage in here many
civilians is the humanitarian crisis in
Yemen you have to agree about a
ceasefire first and then you can go to
talk anywhere somehow cause i if martin
griffith see you an invoice militias to
get these these peace talks together in
as little as a few weeks he says can the
Houthis be trusted to honor any
agreement that might be reached in such
such peace talks yeah this is the
questions in fact you know the Houthi
have in fact agreed and so many
occasions to fulfill their signatures
but they fail to do so and they are not
be trusted at all there are several you
know agreements and you know initiatives
being signed between their the warring
you know teams or sides but the Houthis
have never ever implemented you know any
one of them and the reason behind that
is very clear because they are
act by the Iranian regime the enemy of
the Arabs and especially they are up in
the Gulf countries and he cannot the
Houthi they cannot take their own
decisions their own initiatives because
they are you know doing the you know
there are the proxies of the Iranian
regime and the other really and and the
other evidence is the the last you know
Geneva talks was supposed to be you know
carried out at that time and people all
over the world were hoping that anything
you know good will come out you know
from that from that negotiation but
unfortunately they abandoned they didn't
turn up they didn't come and we were
under the mr. Griffiths and the
legitimate government okay
representative who were there for three
days and the who see didn't turn up why
because they are they haven't got you
know the green light from the from the
from the Tahara regime all right Sabah
you talked about Iran
there are Saudi Arabia and the UAE
sincere in their desire desire for a
negotiated peace in Yemen can they be
trusted if what they actually want is it
is peace on their terms and to rid Yemen
of any Iranian influence no no this is
not true I mean the the peace the terms
is of the United Nations resolution 2216
end of story and this is very clear why
not the United Nation or mr. Griffiths
you know a work hard to implement this
United Nation resolution 2216 and the
the stand of the legitimate you know
governments and the Allied forces I mean
the you know that the coalition they are
a coalition is okay the Houthi you are
not allowed to be in a to to control the
whole Yemen you are you know you are a
minority or you are in a part of the
manie's people so if you want to get
involved in the in the political process
you most welcome but as a military as a
militia okay as a militia armed by Iran
in the sole enemy of the Arabs no this
is not accepted and the Arabs allied
forces they will not accept at all that
the Houthi will become like Hezbollah in
Lebanon or the militias in Iraq no way
no way they will not accept that at all
so it's very clear if you want to do if
you want to make peace if you are you
know the your Excuse is how you human
the cherian you know issues okay except
the 22:16 sit down and agree but the
trouble is they are being used as a
plain card by the Iranian regime okay
and the upcoming battle for life with
trump administration makes sets of
embargoes or yeah embargoes and in the
beginning of November
okay address to what extent are we
talking about the elephant in the room
here where does Iran and Iranian
influence play into the current conflict
huge I mean we have to what make one
thing clear because over what I just
heard from the previous speakers there's
an narrative of Iran as the evil empire
and you know this this securitisation of
Iran as the most the most couldn't you
know the most concerning threat to the
Arab world and this is a new
conservative narrative that very well
resonates with the current trump
administration in the White House and it
is something that the Americans are
pushing for across the region with the
help of Saudi Arabia and the UAE against
the Iranians and in that way the Houthis
have long been stated and overstated as
merely a militia that works for the
Iranians and and that's simply not true
or too simplistic if we look at it in
reality is that the Houthis are an
indigenous Yemeni movement they have
they've they're homegrown and they
weren't built by the Iranians but they
have received funding they've received
training and then over the last couple
of years actually have become a very
extensive part of the Iranian a war in
this on the on the Arabian Peninsula but
that is only after they have already
been established for many years so in I
would say in recent years we have to be
very clear that this that the Houthis
are very much only capable to fight with
ballistic missile
because they have and and and fight in a
very effective way in urban combat is
because they have trainers from Iran on
the ground and they have had extensive
support from Iran however and the
Houthis do not need the Iranians per se
if the Houthis are being provided with
an alternative some you know an
alternative where they get guarantees of
security and where they can be part of a
peace agreement where they get a seat on
the table I think that answer Allah or
the Houthis in general could be
convinced to severe ties with the
Iranians because they don't need the
Iranians there first for and for first
of for most advancing the interest of
Zaidi's in the north a particular group
in the north and they have basically
gone into that relationship with the
Iranian because they thought it was
beneficial now if there is an
alternative that shows that political
live in Yemen would be more beneficial
under a peace agreement and they would
have to severe Iran for that it ties
with Iran for that there I think they
would be very willing to do that also
because both sides there's something we
have to highlight here both sides the
coalition as well as the Houthis are in
a virtually mutually hurting stalemate
that's to say both of them understand
that continuing this war as it stands
today will hurt them more than a
political settlement and I think that's
why both sides are interested in it
however they have to come with certain
guarantees and that is the key problem
if there are no guarantees I think
though these will continue getting their
funding and and reach out to the
Iranians to get that funding but to
continue with the narrative of saying
the Houthis are merely an Iranian proxy
that has to be exterminated is not going
to provide any solution to the conflict
and I think that the Coalition has now
understood that all right who said I'll
come to you just a moment first let me
give some right to reply here would US
pressure on Iran alter the outcome of
any peace talks on on Yemen so bird to
what extent do the Houthis need Iranian
support do you think to maintain their
hold on the country a hundred percent I
mean I'm really surprised you know to
hear this you know from my colleagues
from London saying that the Houthi does
not they don't depend on Iranian they
depend on them hundred percent they are
the proxies of it the Iranians they
can't do anything without Iran
the husband expert the Alcott's brigades
and al-hasa theory the Revolutionary
Guards of Iran experts and even fighters
they are in soda they are in they are
they are amongst the Houthis the Houthis
Gino's firing missiles proceeding
missiles you know to Saudi Arabia is
with the help of their experts from Iran
so the Houthi are in fact another
brigade of the Iranian Revolutionary
Guard as simple as that
they represent 5% of the of the Yemenis
population so your question is the next
November is going to be the end of the
Iranian regime effect and the country
believe it or not and the and the
Houthis the whose is if they want to be
to act and to be considered as Yemenis
100% they have to act immediately and
stop fighting and and and and and you
know surin not surrender at least in a
pullout of Ramaiya the major cities
agree to the table you know come to the
table to the you know to the to the to
the peace talk and table and say
anything we need a mint or a 22:16 okay
Hussein Hussein yeah you want you want
to come in the Houthis are the promisee
of Yemen they rely on on on the proxy of
Iran I'm sorry they rely on around 100
percent what's your response to that I
mean let's say if if what he said like
is true about the proxy of Iran in Yemen
the United Arab Emirates and Saudi
Arabia is a proxy as well for the United
States and United Kingdom there are
supplies all the weapons is from there
they the war was declared
from Washington DC was not declared from
Saudi Arabia and to keep just blaming
Iran and Iran and Iran actually I mean
look at vegetable blockade about four
years they control a Yemen sky they
destroyed all the airport control the
sea and and and how can Ron as he
mentioned supply all these weapons so
this mean that your blockade actually
that you started to stop the flow of
weapons as you main invention to Yemen
has failed this mean that you are
responsible for all those civilians that
have
because of of the saudi-led coalition
blockade in Yemen and his previous
comment he will he will he spoke about
that through as many agreement that has
been signed with the holy but during
their like the biggest beast talk but
they haven't like kept the word he
hasn't mentioned any agreement in even
quiet
they haven't find anything that what was
in quite talked was about they have the
political process and they had the
security process the saudi-led coalition
want to start with the security process
asking how the movement to hunt their
weapons and they said then we will start
about political process no one is crazy
will hand his weapons before before just
before starting forming either a
coalition government between between all
parties in Yemen and what the Saudi
actually need in Yemen they want a
victory they won't even agreement in
their terms
and and we have seen what the Saudi have
done we would have said against the UN
expert report they refused this report
and they if they say that we are not
gonna deal with with with with with the
UN expert anymore so they just want a
report or a peace talk or anything that
is in favor of the saudi-led led
coalition war in Yemen and if the United
States and the United Kingdom actually
has not supported the Saudi I don't
think they could have even started the
war in Yemen and is really really silly
from someone to ask houses which is
Yemeni to withdraw from cities while we
have a full kind of foreign invasion
that that's why they call it saudi-led
coalition is not a civil war is a
coalition made from one of the most
dictatorship country in the region who
want to reinstate
democracy in Yemen who can believe that
Andreas I know you want to come back on
that wait we're rapidly running out of
time here but I want to ask you what a
peace deal between the Houthis and
Yemen's government end the country's
civil war on I know you said that first
of all we got to achieve a ceasefire but
if it got as far as a peace deal could
that bring about an end to the civil war
and to what extent is the u.s.
exacerbating the situation in Yemen
right
yeah a lot of questions there I mean
first of all yes I said what we need is
a ceasefire and this will be a ceasefire
between the Saudi and UAE coalition the
hardly government and the Houthis only
and that is one war of many wars that
are going on in Yemen at the moment one
big elephant in the room that we haven't
spoken about is the southern movement is
the SDC are the various proxies of the
Emiratis in the south that have their
own life have their own objectives and
are pursuing their own agenda which for
a most part is very much secessionist
that when itself will create and will
continue to pose a problem as we move
along and if we don't address that then
a peace deal between the Houthis and the
hardy government and the coalition might
bring peace or a somewhat a settlement
in the north that will create a whole
bunch of other spoilers in the same way
that the Houthis have been spoilers to
in in since 2012
you know when the Houthis drew withdrew
from the from the 2012 from the National
Dialogue
they became spoilers to the conflict the
only reason they expanded and that were
actually were able to receive support
and also used a military action to gain
control of territory was because they
were not included in the peace deal
afterwards they were excluded and that
created the problem now when we have a
peace deal now or a peace project or a
peace negotiations and we leave all
these other actors around in the East
and in the south out of this process
you're never going to create an
inclusive process for Yemen and I think
that is going to be one of the major
problems okay yeah as far as that the
United States is concerned I mean with
continued arms sales to Saudi Arabia and
the UAE UAE and by certifying as it did
recently that the Coalition is meeting
the requirements of the National Defense
Authorization Act is it as the crisis
group says sending the wrong message at
the wrong time they knew that the the
coalition can continue to act with
impunity yes because it's part of a war
over narratives against Iran they have
framed the Yemen conflict as a war
against Iran and I think that is
misleading because the Yemeni war will
continue with or without the Iranians
and so the problem here is that the
Americans are giving support to a
coalition that so far has been
has been has been attacked for war
crimes and have you know we've got all
kinds of evidence for that and a
coalition that doesn't seem to so
doesn't seem to pursue until now a
political process so I think the
Americans have to put pressure in it the
reason that algebra and all the other
GCC countries particularly Saudi in the
UAE are now willing to talk about a
political process in Yemen is because
the Trump administration has made it
clear that they will have to see a
change on the ground in the way they
conduct themselves because there's a lot
of pressure from Congress and also
obviously in Europe a lot of pressure
from the public are asking questions of
why are we continuously supporting the
Saudis and the Emiratis when they don't
stand and stick by international
humanitarian law and I think this kind
of pressure is now felt in Riyadh and
Abu Dhabi and that's why I think
partially they're trying to come around
but so far we it's all talk we haven't
seen any action on the ground because
the war continues and so far there is no
sign that there will be any political
process gentlemen there I'm afraid we
must leave it many thanks to work to all
of you for being with us
Andres Krieg Hussein al Bekasi and Sabah
al Kozai and as always thank you for
watching you can see the program again
at any time just by going to the website
aljazeera.com for further discussion
about our topic today go to our Facebook
page you'll find that at facebook.com
forward slash AJ inside story and you
can join the conversation on twitter our
handle at aj inside story from me adrian
Finnegan and the whole team here in Doha
we'll see you again bye for now
you
