Donald Trump's promise of the deal of
the century turned into what the
Palestinian president called the slap of
the century it's forced Mahmoud Abbas
and his team back to the drawing board
now both South has been involved in
Palestinian policymaking for decades he
now believes the u.s. is losing its
dominant role in the world in a world
that is changing I mean the calculation
is not only on our wishes it's also on
our analysis of what's going on in the
world including what Israel now
practices Israel is seeking very much
better relations with the Russians with
the Chinese with the Indians with the
Japanese Israel itself knows that the
world is changing and it cannot ignore
these other important forces Abbas has
been telling leaders from Europe Russia
China and elsewhere that he wants them
to have a role in mediation with the
Israelis while retaining US involvement
for any new form to work though the
Israelis would have to be willing to
take part with Trump at his back there
seems little incentive for now for Prime
Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to change
tack I doubt that there can be any
renewal of the peace process especially
that the alternative sponsorship will be
refused by Israel we will witness a
period of no process no solution
what's a period I mean probably the
coming one to two years at least and
that's a fairly bleak outlook isn't it
that's right but this is less harmful to
the Palestinians from continuing with a
process in which the sponsor the United
States might come up with a proposal
that can be even more harmful than the
continuity of the current difficult and
bleak reality that we're living anger
with Donald Trump's recognition of
Jerusalem as Israel's capital came with
criticism of the Palestinian leadership
for depending on US mediation for the
last 25 years it's felt the pressure to
come up with an alternative
we have no other option we don't want to
go back to violence we are not
abandoning our commitment to the peace
process and when you do that then you
really have to find a new international
alliance and new legal methods and ways
and means of really saving our country
from being totally overtaken by the
Israeli colonial project as the
Palestinians cast around for new
mediation partners the reality on the
ground is that illegal settlements are
expanding day by day eating up more and
more occupied land time is not on the
Palestinian side Burnet smith al jazeera
in the occupied West Bank
