it will take years to undo the damage in
Mosul's neighborhoods volunteers like
Omar aren't wasting any time he drives
to the Iraqi city's narrow streets
clearing out what's left of destroyed
structures there's a lot of rubble you
see large pieces all over the streets
and alleys we're doing our best with
what we have we've been doing this for
about two weeks now the price of every
trip Everage is about two dollars it's
part of a campaign called lifting the
debris an initiative launched by local
young volunteers who've lost hope the
government's ability to rebuild to the
city what's left of Omaha Nats home is a
constant reminder of the nearly four
year fight with ISIL she's surrounded by
shadows of war air strikes and loss we
are already in the destroyed old area of
Mosul there are no services no
electricity no water it's miserable
the country needs money lots of it to
rebuild its towns and cities last week
donors pledged thirty billion dollars in
loans and investments the Iraqi
government says it needs more than 88
billion a lack of trust is a major
concern last year the country ranked 166
out of 176 nations that were found to be
corrupt you have high rates of poverty
in those areas because they are
neglected by the Iraqi government by the
local government because of fractions
and so on rusty says accountability
within the private sector could be part
of the solution we activate the private
sector and how we can use the private
sector to make confidences to make trust
with the international community these
young volunteers don't want to rely
solely on the government's plans they
say they want to start now and
revitalize their city what some
knowledge about as volunteer painters
were trying to show the civilized face
of a Mosul
we drew monuments that were blown up by
ISIL to show that the negative effects
of the war will eventually fade
rebuilding could take decades now the
process has a head start
Katya Lopez of the young al-jazeera
