these streets are usually buzzing with
customers but for the past two days
shops and Somalia's busiest market have
been closed and business owners in
baqara' market have vowed to keep it
that way until new tax is imposed by the
government are lifted today the market
has not been closed by the
businesspeople but by the government
because they do not recognize the needs
of business people we request the
government to analyze our needs and give
us respect and reduce the tax so we can
work smoothly in the market the central
government imposed a 5% tax earlier this
month as part of its efforts to win
billions of dollars in international
debt relief helliya stepped in your shop
and the value of the chefs in the market
is 20 dollars every $1 I think the
Somali people are ready to do that they
are ready to do that they are ready to
rebuild to contribute to the effort to
rebuild the country and therefore I
don't see any problem but traders say
the new tax has stalled business trade
union representatives attempted to
negotiate the increase with the finance
minister but he insisted it was not
optional the government ordered us to
pay unaffordable taxes which other
markets around the country do not pay we
met the finance minister and he told us
in English pay the tax or go to kiss me
oh he will no longer be a minister to us
if he does not respect our complaints
Somalis are reluctant to pay more money
to a government many consider corrupt
and inefficient especially when they see
little being done to improve their
country that has been ravaged by war for
decades many of those battles fought in
the heart of bukhara market one of the
largest in East Africa and an economic
powerhouse for Somalia business owners
are hoping that closing their shops will
pressure the government to come to the
negotiating table Mohamed alabbar DC al
Jazeera
