it was a huge selling point for then
candidate Donald Trump he alone could
change the system if we win on November
8th we are going to drain the swamp in
Washington DC he said this town was
going to be different gone were the days
of the powerful enriching themselves at
the expense of the people they were
supposed to serve but ethics watchdogs
say the swamp was getting swamp ear by
the day on Tuesday his son Don Jr will
head to India he'll give a policy speech
and in the same trip offer buyers of
Trump apartments a chance to sit down
and have dinner with him so help me God
congratulations mr. president there are
also new questions about his
inauguration a personal friend of his
wife's was reportedly paid 26 million
dollars to help plan events for it her
company was set up six weeks before the
swearing-in and members of his cabinet
are facing their own scandals the
Veterans Affairs Secretary had the
government pay for him and his wife's
trip to Europe an internal report found
his chief of staff lied about the
expense and has since left the agency
and the administrator of the
Environmental Protection Agency is also
under fire all government workers have
to fly coach but he spent tens of
thousands of dollars flying in first
class the EPA says it was a security
precaution because in the past regular
citizens have told him they don't like
what he's doing to the environment
ethics observers call all of it
unprecedented when the tone said the top
is that ethics don't matter you're going
to have a number of different ethical
violations and you're going to have
public officials not particularly care
if the rules are being violated Trump is
facing his own controversies his lawyer
recently admitted to paying an adult
film star one hundred and thirty
thousand dollars right before the
election to keep quiet about an affair
she had with Trump soon after his wife
had given birth and another woman says a
tabloid paid her for the story of her
past affair with Trump in order to bury
it drain the swamp in Washington so I
said it three
ago the place went crazy they went crazy
for a promise so far unkept but it's not
clear for his core supporters that this
real news really matters patty :
al-jazeera Washington
