this is what hundreds of people in
Maputo have built their lives upon
torrential rain moved the mountain of
waste until it collapsed on top of homes
the rubbish buried residents as they
slept there was a survivor but his wife
and son died and also this lady from
this house and these 1 2 3 and 4 houses
are gone the area that collapsed early
Monday morning was three stories high
rescuers are unsure how many people are
buried I could only hear screaming from
my neighbors
there was no way to help even if I was
close by there was no way to help there
was so much water running down when the
trash pile was collapsing it took down
houses families children died the
landfill has been a marked for closure
but remains open growing by 900 tons a
day
authorities want people to leave because
of pollution and toxic furies the
collapse has pushed some residents to
say goodbye to the wasteland we are
packing our stuff because we're afraid
to stay here otherwise we could
experience the same thing somebody's
moved by the excavator also people went
to help remove the bottoms and trash
we're removing our stuff to go where the
government allocates us the Hulan a dump
the only official dump from up who tows
1 million people is the size of 20
football fields the city's poor spend
their days combing through the garbage
looking for food and things to sell in
the last year rubbish dumps have killed
dozens of people in the continent ten
people died when a landfill collapsed on
two houses in guineas Darris alarm in
August
a landslide at Ethiopia's largest
rubbish dump
last year killed 65 people and injured
dozens hundreds of people rely on at us
armored bus only landfill to survive
every time there was heavy rain before
they collapsed this was no different on
Wednesday authorities introduced water
rationing because of a severe drought
then tropical storm DeNiro hit the
country the ground was hard and flooding
follows an estimated 22,000 homes and
public buildings were destroyed De
Niro's heavy rains shifting the
foundations of what people in hellenic
call horn charlotte palace al jazeera
