shifting alliances in Syria Kurdish
fighters backed by the u.s. say the
Syrian army's to help them face Turkish
troops the border area now an
increasingly dangerous jigsaw fought
over by groups who want different
outcomes because Russia in all this and
what's next
for what one Syria this is inside story
hello again I'm Peter Dhabi welcome to
the program after seven years of war the
complex mosaic that is the battlefield
in Syria can still surprise the US
Russia Iran Turkey a myriad of rebel
groups and of course the Syrian regime
are all involved and they all want to
second guess where the conflict is
heading next its northern Syria where
their attention is now focused because
it's there that we may be seeing a new
front the Kurds aligning themselves with
the regime ready to take on Turkish
forces game changer last month Turkey
launched an offensive to seize the
Syrian city of a friend from the Kurdish
fighters of the YPG a group it considers
terrorists and a threat to its border
but the YPG helped the u.s. in the fight
against ISIL further straining US
relations with Ankara and now Turkey
faces a new enemy Pro Syrian government
troops the Kurds say they've done a deal
with Syria to join forces to fight
Turkey Syrian pro-government troops and
their involvement while that was
announced by a syrian state TV on monday
following the turkish attacks on our
families in a friend and following the
request of a friend citizens from the
regime to protect them from the ongoing
turkish aggression that led to so many
killings and destruction it has been
declared now that popular troops will
enter a friend
within hours crucially how did Turkey
receive that news here's the Turkish
Foreign Minister give us any Ginga dirt
Wernham if the regime is entering the
air to cleanse the PKK and PYD then
there are no problems however if they
come and to defend the YPG then nothing
and nobody can stop us the supplies -
Efrain as well as mem Beach and to the
east of the Euphrates River well Efrain
is part of northern Syria and has an
extremely complex mix of alliances with
several regional and international
players all involved last month
the us-led coalition announced it was
intending to build aboard a security
force in northern Syria it would consist
of thirty thousand mostly Kurdish
fighters who have been helping in the
battle to get rid of ISIL but that's
trained US relations with
of course a key NATO ally turkey
launched an offensive to secure its
border and clear Efrain of the YPG the
Kurdish fighters it considers to be
terrorists Ankara says the group's an
offshoot of the PKK that's the Kurdistan
Workers Party with which Turkey has been
in conflict for three decades Russia
controls the airspace over afteron but
ahead of the Turkish operation it
withdrew hundreds of its soldiers from
near the city Kurdish fighters held our
friends six years ago after the Syrian
President Bashar al-assad's soldiers
left northern Syria let's go to our
guests now joining us from Istanbul Mary
agin and affiliates of the political
science department at the University of
Bilkent in Berlin Salam Aslam member of
the diplomatic committee of teff dem the
movement for a democratic society that's
an alliance bringing Kurds together in
northern Syria and joining us from arete
so in Italy on skype is joshua landis
director of the center for Middle East
Studies at the University of Oklahoma
welcome to you all Joshua coming to you
first
who's going to end up fighting whom here
I don't think that this is a design to
avoid fighting and it should be a
win-win for everybody because turkey
gets to stomp its invasion over 20
Turkish soldiers have been killed so far
Syria gets to reassert its sovereignty
and the Kurds don't get killed there
have been about a thousand YPG that's
the militia of the Kurds killed so far
by Turkish forces so it would stop in
theory the Turkish invasion Syria would
disarm the Kurdish troops there and have
them stand down so turkey would win by
getting rid of the YPG Syria wins
territory and the Kurds get to fight
another day well yet in Istanbul is that
an interpretation that is perceived in
the highest office in the land with the
president mr. Dewan well pretty much I
think because in the in the beginning we
remember that that Turkish Armed Forces
declared that Turkey is in
has respect for Assyrian territorial
integrity and it's for self-defense and
here we see that that the regime forces
are getting into to to offering which is
pretty much in line with territorial
integrity of Syria here I think that the
most important thing is that whether the
Russians or Annan Syrian regime of
course will provide the necessary
security guarantees to Turkey about the
position of YPG in offering I think that
this is the critical part if turkey and
and and the regime makes a deal a
similar one to today to the u.s. in in
member tchan east of au frets then I
think that that that will not be turned
to be a crisis but if it does not
achieve in this in this period then the
conflict may continue and it may
escalate to one that is not that is
beyond Turkey as well between the US and
Russia which is which is the worst-case
scenario of course will come on to the
whole debate surrounding the Euphrates
later on in our discussion because that
speaks to the the part of the discussion
where we have to talk about the idea of
partition or whether Syria will
ultimately end up being the subject of
partition Salim Muslim in Berlin in your
mind who was it that brokered this deal
who put it together well first of all I
would like to say with the Democratic
Syrian forces which they are defending
often now they are the children of
offering they are YPG they organized
themselves and defending their families
in villages and of course I mean the
invasion of Turkey trying to occupy the
place of offering as they have occupied
Shia areas
Alber and job loss and as us so this is
a part of it we as the Syrian Syrian
components have been the Arabs that
occurs all together we are defending
often and we consider this invasion and
this occupation attend as a is a
continuation of the fighting was was
going in in in Raqqa in Deir Ezzor is a
kind of relief of the fighting going in
their resolve okay courting - I just
want to jump in there with one
particularly point nobody is trying to
decry or criticise or lessen the fight
that the Kurdish fighters fought against
ISIL and of course it's maybe worth
noting at this point in our conversation
that the Syrian regime forces have never
gone head-to-head with I saw your fight
with Turkey predates by almost 25 years
the fight against Syria so why the
about-face here is this really just a
case of my enemy's enemy is my friend
well we are we are not a threat for
Turkey at all I mean our we are doing we
are part of the Syrian people and we are
looking for the solution in Syria a
democratic solution for everybody and
the turkey is trying to help to go this
way I mean this approach from the
beginning I mean they are trying to to
change the according to their plan
because they are refusing even the
democratic rights for all the people of
Syria and democratic solution for Syria
and now for the Syrian I mean what we
are looking for is just for the Syrian
government to protect the sovereignty of
Syria I mean that's all we are not we
are not going to return back to the all
voices regime as it was before I mean
depressing and dictatorship we are
looking for the solution and now all we
are
in a dialogue with government forces is
just to protect the civilians you of the
Syrian territory joshua landis do you
buy that this is no more than a dialogue
and if that dialogue actually has in
bill guarantees it may actually succeed
yes I agree with that I'd like to
correct one thing you said which is that
the Syrian regime has not gone
head-to-head with Isis
of course the Syrian regime has has
fought Isis for a long time and took
half the territory the Kurds took one
half of the territory with a healthy
amount the United States and the Syrian
army took the other half for the health
of Iran so there's been a long war going
on between the Syrian government and
Isis but to your question Eponine this
there is still some disagreement between
the Syrian government and the Kurds the
Kurds have been in fact that they are
willing they have made in a military but
they say a political and administrative
agreement has not been struck that they
will discuss those questions later Syria
of course is insisting that it be
restored to full administrative
authority in a frame and so there are
clearly tensions between the Kurds and
the Syrian government which is why it's
taken a month into this invasion to come
to an agreement the Syrian government
and the Kurds were talking before the
invasion the Kurds did not want to
concede total sovereignty to the Syrian
government and still haven't officially
so there's going to be there's going to
be some chewing and Froemming yet Mecca
Medina in Istanbul if a friend and
manbij were to fall to the Turkish lead
/ Turkish backed forces that would mean
that there would be a whole stretch of
about 200 kilometers that would be as
far as the Syrian regime's concerned
dangerously close to that area of
partition or the consequence the
potential consequence of partition that
you hinted at earlier if that's the case
is that something is that something that
Ankara wants to get to or does it just
is it happy to stay within this
of border integrity as it stands at the
moment well I think that the latter is
is true for for Turkey because it is
important to see that that Syrian regime
the Syrian Syria as a as a country has
that the territorial integrity and has
the security of its borders which is the
Turkish borders as well but it needs to
a grand bargain it needs a grand
negotiation on the table to make such
such agreements between the parties so
so far it has not achieved but if if
it's achieved I don't think that Turkey
will will object to that and I don't
think that Turkey will be the party that
is spoiling that that is not letting
that happen so that's my point of view
on that Salah Muslim the Kurds have
established what three Canton's here
arguably they are powerful they can
sustain that is part of the game plan
for the Kurds here particularly if we
talk about Efren and then manage to make
sure that the Turkish forces if the
Kurds are fighting alongside the Syrian
regime forces is the game plan here to
make sure the Turkish forces get bogged
down almost literally on the ground in
this quite small localized but
combustible conflict
well from the beginning I mean there are
many points I mean it should be
mentioned one of them we never been a
threat for Turkey
we never threat threatened Turkey at all
from the beginning and there was - in
all these areas and Turkey never done
anything is just supported - and those
mercenaries and they supported those
extremists from the beginning and still
everybody knows still supporting them
and even this world in offering is a
kind of supporting those groups this is
known by everybody this is one point and
the other point we still consider
ourselves we are part of Syria we have a
project for all the Milotic Syria and
from the beginning I mean when the
Geneva talks thought started and even
for Sochi and even for the a Satana
it turkey is obstacle in us - to join I
mean preventing us to join any of this
efforts I mean for the political
solution and we have a model for Syria
already it's not only the Kurdish
problem because we have the curves the
Arabs the sea reacts all together we
have established system and this system
is a hope for future series could be an
example it's very democratic we have
institutions we have everything and also
we are protecting ourselves we said we
are part of Syria so if any agreements
should be it could be a final for the
political solution for Syria and we
never been a threat for Turkey they are
they know that very well I mean it's
just excuse I mean because they are
trying to prevent any democratic rights
for the Kurdish people and for the other
components for Syrians for example for
the other minorities in the areas for
the Arabs which the system we have
established so the aim is not the
Kurdish it's not a greater strength to
this turkey they have heard of phobia
but it's not right
we never been a threat for Turkey
and nobody nobody either inside the
country or outside the country is
particularly on board and it comes to a
political solution for the Kurds that's
a different discussion joshua landis
whether where are the Russians in all
this it occurs to me that they're not
particularly wedded to their loyalty to
Damascus but equally they're not wedded
to this quite good relationship that mr.
Putin seems to have with mr. Erdogan
despite the fact that what almost two
and a bit years ago the Turks shot a
Russian fighter aircraft at the skies
the relationship took a nosedive but
then it came back up again yes it has
and and Russia is very much at the
center of these negotiations undoubtedly
because turkey air Dewan will not speak
to the Syrian regime Russia has been the
interlocutor here and and has been
trying to preserve good relations with
the Kurds with the Turks and with Assad
which of course is very difficult to do
but this is very favorable for Russia
because if it means that Turkey doesn't
step in to Syria that Assad its client
in a sense in this whole thing gets to
reassert his authority the United States
is less likely to be totally happy to
this deal we just saw the NSC head
McMasters say now is the time to push
back against Iran but the United States
is weighing they want to help the Kurds
they want to stabilize Syria on the one
hand but on the other hand they want to
rollback Iran and help to drive Iran out
of Syria that's their stated goal and
this of course by spreading the
authority of the Syrian state helps to
reassert both Russian and Iranian
authority over more Syrian territory and
that will of course upset many in
Washington lisa madigan
in Istanbul Kurdish dreams of federalism
we've just seen them heard them they're
being articulated by cell and Muslim in
Berlin cannot surely coexist with what
you might call Turkish dreams of a
terrorist free state just across the
border in Syria
well first first I I have to say that
that there are false allegations made
bye mr. Muslim about about Turkey and
and they Anna Korea is a harsh world
that I have to react because he was
himself in the beginning of the problem
he was getting to Ankara coming and
going back and and there was not a cure
phobia death and also we have to remind
that that there is this opening of a
corridor for kobani by Turkey
of the Peshmerga against Isis so so here
I think we have to just just notice
those those issues at first I don't
think that Turkey has any any any
problems about Church having their
rights their cultural rights their
position in Syria but Turkey has
problems about the
the connections of PYD and YPG with PKK
because these connections are bringing
the problems of the the weapons that are
getting into hands of the PKK against
Turkey the training in Syria that is
that may get into hands of PKK against
Turkey and of course using the the
territories that are held by YPG as a
base against Turkey these are the
concerns of Turkey but in the beginning
if he can remain if he can't remember
that turkey always supported that the
rights of Kurdish people in Syria and
also Turkey in the beginning said that
is just a federal structure that that
provides a position for Kurdish people
in Syria is also applicable if the YPG
is not cooperating with KKK and PKK is
laying down weapons against Turkey so so
we got to think about this first
and then then talk about what should be
in Syria or not if these conditions are
provided then I don't think Turkey has
any problems because look at Turkey's
relations with with KDP in in Iraq there
is no problem about that there is no
problem about having having I'm going to
stop you there because we are getting
rather bored down we're getting rather
boat
in the nomenclature of this so let's
just simplify it and let's just take a
minute allows Salim Muslim a right of
reply there Salim Muslim in Berlin will
you restate for us now that there is no
political or military link up between
the ypj YPG and the PKK we what we
stated from the beginning we have no
relations with anybody we are just
thinking of Syria and there is no PKK in
Syria in Aafrin and the people are
defending in offering they are just the
sons and daughters of offering they
organized themselves to protect their
villages and since five years they are
defending Appling against all these
brutal and recently turkish a turkey
attacked them yes
turkey was trying to make some chicks
for us I mean to pull us to somewhere
but they were supporting - and in kobani
which your guest was talking about in
kobani also they were super supportive
openly supporting - against the
traditional form and now they are trying
to take revenge of - because - was
defeated in kobani and Raqqa and they
are making some kind of relief because
the fighting with against - is still
continuing in Dara's or in the other
places okay
this joshua landis there in italy you
know it's always been looking at the
situation in Aafrin and then moving east
towards man beach has this always been
fertile ground for a flip or for an
allegiance within turkey between the
syrian within syria pardon me between
the regime and the Kurds because turkey
has constantly and continually been a
lot annoyed at the United States over
its attitude towards the SDF yes it has
so this is clearly the sort of deal that
Russians have been nosing for nosing
forward for they're looking to find an
understanding between Turkey and pasa
whereby Assad would really
authority over his borders build up his
military in ops that he can control the
borders and provide security to Turkey
in exchange for air Dewan reversing his
statement that Assad has to go and
supporting the Syrian free syrian army
and other Syrian militias that have been
fighting against Assad that's what
Russia is trying to do of course the
United States wants to remain in
northern Syria and and they're going to
become a sticking point eventually in
this because the United States says in a
sense siding with Kurdish nationalism in
order to have you to build up the Kurds
to gain leverages to try to get rid of
Iranian influence and to get rid of
Assad and so in that sense this has been
in this sense the United States is not
going to want to continue this kind of
deal that Assad has struck with the
Kurds in the eastern part of Syria and
the Kurds too are very reluctant to let
go the United States the United States
is the only force that's guaranteeing
them a level of autonomy that they have
not had previously okay I want to ask
one very brief question to both sell a
Muslim and McMurray against Allah Muslim
first just answer me this in about 30
seconds please because we are almost out
of time
how long can this common interest last
between the Syrian regime and the Kurds
of Syria well and now what we are asking
through a dream I mean it's just to
protect the sovereignty of the Syrian if
they are Syrian we are part of Syria we
never tried to divide Syria and we are
not trying to establish something else
all we want is democratic Syria but I
mean the Syrian government is not doing
their duties I mean their mission to
protect the Syrian territory we never
thought of dividing Syria or we
anything else so what we are doing I
mean in an offering in the other places
we have been attacked in our home so we
are defending ourselves it's it's just
self-defense it's nothing else I mean
and we will never return to their back
boss's regime is as it was before 2011
gentlemen we will have to leave it there
thank you to all our guests today Matt
McGinnis Allah Muslim Mohammed and
joshua landis and thank you to you too
for your company you can see the program
again anytime via the website
aljazeera.com and for further discussion
do check out our Facebook page that's
facebook.com/ /aj inside story you can
also join the conversation on twitter @
aj inside story from me Peter Dhabi and
the entire team here in Doha thanks for
watching we'll see you soon bye
you
