a funeral for two teenagers killed by
Israeli fire near the Gaza border on
Saturday night
Salim Saba and Abdullah abhisheka were
both 17 Israel says it fired warning
shots towards a group acting
suspiciously near the border fence
witnesses talked to tank fire being used
no Palestinian armed group has claimed
the boys as members they were laid to
rest side by side
Salam's father says his son was one of
dozens who've tried to escape the strip
in recent years to look for undocumented
work inside Israel all youngsters in
Gaza live in tough conditions not just
my son everyone suffers here and they
get tired all the hardships well the
desk being marked here in rougher today
as a result of just one Israeli
operation what Israel itself is calling
a large-scale attack on Hamas targets
here in Gaza it's the largest such
attack that we've seen since the 2014
war and Israel did strike it says 18
separate Hamas linked targets from the
air on Saturday night the Israeli
military says it targeted a tunnel being
dug towards Israel weapons making sites
and military compounds one rocket was
fired from Gaza into Israel striking a
civilian house but injuring no one this
latest round of violence the most
serious in years began on Saturday with
the wounding of four Israeli soldiers
too seriously in an explosion near the
border fence
Ezreal says the device was planted
during this protest a day before
reportedly hidden behind a flag which
the Israeli troops went to investigate
Israel's Defense Minister Avigdor
Lieberman has vowed to eliminate the
attackers adding Israel views Hamas as
responsible for everything that happens
in Gaza Hamas says it's Israel that
bears responsibility for the escalation
ammas and other fighting groups will not
allow the Israelis to impose new rules
on the ground and we will keep
practicing our rights to defend our
people from Israeli aggression - things
have seen the situation grow more
fragile in recent months the reaction to
Donald Trump's declaration calling
Jerusalem Israel's capital and the
continued deterioration in the
humanitarian situation which Israel's
army
chief has reportedly warned could lead
to further conflict for now the worst of
the violence appears over but the
conditions that created it remain in
place all aware e that more could follow
Harry Fawcett al Jazeera Gaza
