putting a brave face on pending
deportation these North Koreans came
here through South Korea which Canada
considers a safe country but on their
refugee applications they said they'd
fled to China 11 years ago taken Kim
came here with his wife daughter and son
now they have two more children Canadian
citizens deportation would be
catastrophic
that notice means death to me I came all
the way here for a better life and my
family is well adjusted to life in
Canada do you think we're going to be
separated it breaks my heart there was a
turn on either plane and a half of my
whole life I lived here so I don't have
any friends and South Korea and all my
friends are here Tony inokashira music
the Joe family could be broken up too if
Canada carries out its deportation order
two children are Canadian born the
eldest came with his parents in 2010 the
Joe's admit they lied on their
application but say they did it to
escape a horrible situation lieutenant I
feel so desperate I don't get hurt it's
our fault all the time what they would
yeah they haven't done anything wrong
they have to go through this separation
because of us the North Korean refugees
say South Korea is definitely not safe
for them
North Korea's spies can track them down
they say yet Canada's been deporting
people like them since 2013
those who remain have only begun to
fight back if we are founded by the
North Korean government they our family
in lefty in North Korea they will be
executed or they were sent to the labor
camp
the Korean community in Toronto was
rallied behind the refugees their lawyer
has met Canadian officials in what she
says is their last chance to stay here
an appeal on compassionate grounds to
the Minister of Immigration there's been
no response yet internationally we are
recognized as a humanitarian a
compassionate country accepting refugees
from Syria
and all over the world and why my
question is should these in the 150
remaining people be sent back an answer
to that question is anxiously awaited by
refugees who fled one of the most
repressive violent regimes in the world
Daniel Locke al-jazeera Toronto
