a state of emergency in Ethiopia after
the sudden resignation of the Prime
Minister I had decided by my own will
and submitted my resignation to leave my
responsibilities with EP RDF and the
government so who will replace him and
what next very theo pia this is inside
story
hello and welcome to the program I'm
Martine Dennis now Haile Mariam
Dessalines surprise resignation came
after sustained anti-government protests
across this vast East African country
while the government considers who will
take his place its imposed a state of
emergency for the next six months
Laura Burton Manley has more the streets
of Ethiopia's capital addis ababa appear
calm but the country's political
establishment is in crisis in a surprise
move Prime Minister Hailemariam
dessaline stepped down from office on
Thursday becoming the first leader in
modern Ethiopia to do so the EP RDF and
the government are undertaking an
ongoing reform and we know that we are
in the process of achieving these
reforms I myself want to become part of
the solution with the reforms I have
decided by my own will and submitted my
resignation to leave my responsibilities
with EP RDF and the government the
following day Ethiopia's ruling EP rdf
coalition imposed a six-months state of
emergency the move aims to stem the wave
of massive anti-government protests in
Ethiopia's and largest regions aroma and
Amhara in recent months young men armed
with rocks and sticks of blocked roads
demanding political reforms an end to
state corruption and the release of all
political prisoners the government
responded this year by freeing 6000
opposition supporters from jail but the
protests continued at skinned Inigo was
one of those released to band toluca sit
with me Ethiopia is one large prison I
say this because there is no democracy
in the country this is a dictatorship
we have to change this big prison into a
democratic state opposition leaders say
Ethiopia's ruling coalition has lost its
moral authority they say the larger
ethnic groups are being dominated by the
smaller groups meaning the majority have
become some marginalized they're
demanding all parties get an equal say
in the country's future
renegotiation you know this country is a
country of hundred million it is too big
for one political group for one more
small group but run the offense of one
hundred million people many see protests
as the only way to bring about
meaningful change the ruling coalition
is expected to meet within days to
choose a successor to dessaline the
decision will have a huge impact on how
ethiopia is governed Laura Burton Manly
al-jazeera
well Ethiopia is the second most
populous country on the African
continent with a hundred million people
there are more than 40 different ethnic
groups the two largest groups the Oromo
and the Amhara make up around two-thirds
of all Ethiopians Tigranes
account for just six percent of the
population but they dominate politics
and the security forces it's a 25 year
old arrangement but one that is causing
a great deal of resentment among the
other groups right let's introduce our
guests now here in Doha with me is Harry
the Ervin who's a professor of
government at Georgetown University
Qatar in Washington DC we have Muhammed
a demo founder and editor of oprah.com
that's an independent news website about
the Oromo and indeed about his country
Ethiopia so welcome to you both let me
start with you Mohammed you're in
Washington DC but obviously there is a
job vacancy going in your country who
should be considered one of the
qualities that are needed to to fill
Hailemariam shoes i think the ruling
party high Lama Rams party faces a
legitimacy crisis in the qualifications
for the next leader who will take over
from him has to be that someone who can
reclaim that popular legitimacy but most
importantly that can unite the party
itself because there are deep fissures
within the party and also someone who
has the gravitas to unite the country
jumpstart imaginated followed
dialogue with the opposition including
some of the people who are who just got
released from prison but you know
obviously other leadership qualities and
in experience is important but those
things are important to put the country
back on a path toward a more sustainable
future Muhammad does he need to be in
Otomo I think as you've noted in your
report there the Ethiopian government
and this party has faced relentless
protests at least since 2014 that
refuses to go away despite the fact that
the government declared a state of
emergency in 2016 which lasted for 10
months those protests were studied in or
amia and the demands as you know include
among other things political
marginalization there is historical Roma
grievance in that country where despite
being the majority in that country in in
despite being in an area of the country
that is really considered the
breadbasket of the country itself the or
almost have not had political leadership
I think there is no question that it
Europeans ready for an aroma Prime
Minister this is the time and in several
opportunities were missed in ETO past
history and certainly under this right a
demonstration okay mo Prime Minister in
that position if this is we were to go
for it if the EP RDF were to go for an
aroma Prime Minister would that stop the
protest would the Oromo people be
content the does not going to be enough
I think the the change of guard at the
top is not going to cut it Ethiopia is a
very repressive state there it has to be
followed by political reforms and this
leader has to be someone who has popular
legitimacy among the Oromo and also
someone who can inspire confidence in
the country as a whole because aroma
being the majority there is this concern
about what is called
in academic circles the tyranny of the
majority and then also the rise of aroma
nationalism it scares some people
someone who can inspire confidence in
other people in the country that or
almost can actually lead this country
toward put the country back on a
stronger footing I think it has to be
someone qualified for that and certainly
someone who's willing to reach across
the aisle talk to the opposition in in
in in chart a vision really for the
future of a country that is democratic
in more United because the the lack of
application of the Constitution in this
case the lack of self-rule for States
has been the battle cry of protest right
mind our lives I want to do something
really really quickly
do you have a name in mind absolutely I
think it is not my choice but the choice
of the people of Oromo and largely of
the Amara people in certainly other
groups in Ethiopia is La MaMa Garza the
president of Ramirez thank you has made
baldest x2 European unity in pledge
democratization Mohamed thank you very
much that's what I wanted to get out of
you and I want to put that now to Harry
Harry is the epr DFM and perhaps more
more accurately the TPL F within that
ruling coalition prepared to cede power
to a majority figure somebody who
represents the Oromo people I think it
depends I think there are certainly
people within the party including within
the TPP left who understand that they've
really just a fork in a row then this is
a very dangerous moment and that if
they're not careful in how they will
proceed next many of the gains that have
been built up over the last 20 or 25
years or so R is being washed away so in
that sense I think that yes there is a
sense amongst many people within the
party perhaps the time is right for an
aroma if only for the reason that
there's been a sense that or almost have
been complaining for a long time and
standing by the sidelines
no we're saying Oh what about us what
about this it's very different being
Prime Minister where as Mohammad rightly
said you've got a forge a compromise
you've got a show that you take
everybody's concerns to heart that you
don't favor one group over another and
so there is been for a long time now a
minority but are increasingly growing
minority within the past it has been
saying okay these aromas have been
complaining for a long time let's give
it to them right now let's see what what
we can do provided of course that there
are a number of guarantees that are
given many of the privileges again that
Muhammad has referred to will not be
eroded overnight that's almost
impossible dominance of the security
services group on certain sectors of the
economy etc so there probably will have
to be some kind of transition there too
but I think that the party is certainly
ready here than it was two years ago or
five years ago and it sounds very much
Mohammed let me come back to you in DC
sound very much to me as though Ethiopia
is at a crossroads that many people are
describing the country as being in a
state of crisis at the moment I don't
know if you'd agree with that and
whether you think that this is perhaps a
seminal moment for the running of the
country absolutely but you know if I may
first I think on what Harry said I don't
think I almost have been unfairly
complaining about lacking or being
marginalized from the center in Ethiopia
this has been going on for close to a
century I don't want to go through the
history of it but I think the concerns
of marginalization for Oromo is not just
complaints or I think it is very much
warranted and I think many of the other
groups many of the other groups in
Ethiopia can have exactly the same the
same complaint as well let's just get on
with where you think the country is at
this particular moment and whether you
think that there is enough momentum for
there to be positive change positive in
terms of of Roma aspirations and perhaps
the Amhara the Amhara the second biggest
group are also sitting on the sidelines
with a great deal of discontent they've
also been protest in the Amhara regions
no absolutely think the country is at a
dangerous crossroads actually in what
the government is doing is
taking one step forward in two steps
back and in the release of political
prisoners in journalists and in some of
whom we're really the people the cause
célèbre of the protesters was a very
positive step forward in their
discussions of reform within the
military within the security sector in
the judiciary which now really is the
instrument of the executive branch those
are positive steps but when you declare
a step of state of emergency a day after
you release these prisoners that sort of
sends a mixed signal but if the
authorities are really serious about
what they're saying that they want a
national dialogue and they want to talk
to the opposition
they want to move the country forward
towards a more democratic path and
expand the Democratic space for the
young people that you see on the street
to voice their grievances to have
avenues for the four grievances to feel
like they belong and they have a future
in this country and they want to be at
the stake at the table to stake to have
a stake a say in what the future looks
like if they were to do that I think
they have a an excellent opportunity to
move the country forward not only that
to rewrite it is own legacy which has
been characterized by repression in
heavy-handedness but if they continue to
send mixed signals there is a risk here
that things could go south we could see
a bloodshed
in the government would collapse and
certainly there are signs of that
because within the party the divisions
are deep the opie do in as you mentioned
the Amara national democratic movement
formed an alliance to really challenge
some of the more entrenched security in
the military intelligence sectors which
are dominated by as a next agreeance who
have controlled those institutions for
the last 27 years so I think what they
do next in what this state of emergency
means in how soon they move
to install a successor for Hailemariam
in instilling confidence in people to
make sure that because I'll give you an
example let's get to your example bit
later on let me now go to Harry in Harry
in his resignation speech Holli Miriam
dessaline said they hoped and I
paraphrase that his resignation would
actually help the country move forward
and implement some some reforms
democratic reforms and is he right and
will this happen well it's certainly a
first you know Ethiopian leaders
historically do not leave power
voluntarily they certainly do not
announce their resignation on national
television or national radio so in that
sense it is an important step in and of
itself it is also certainly true that
it's I think it became very obvious in
the last year or so that the needed
reforms we're not going to happen under
this prime minister that this Prime
Minister lacked both the ability perhaps
also the willingness and so some debate
as to what to what extent he was really
on board with many of these these
reforms so he was not going to be the
one to do certainly not see them through
so you don't think that the release of
political prisoners was a sign of
strength a sign of the fact that Haile
Mariam wanted to move forward with
reforms open up the political space I
don't necessarily think that fell under
his portfolio and I think many many
people who watch Ethiopia inside and
outside Ethiopia will know that this is
not necessarily the Prime Minister's
decision or did this Prime Minister's
decision but so I think that potentially
this could be a very positive step I
mean it very much depends on on the
internal party deliberations that are
happening what what I am and quote is of
course that the party has a long
tradition of Marxist Leninist order and
control and continues to believe that
fundamentally it is a vanguard that
understands where the country should
should head and that many ordinary
people do not and that of course it's
fundamentally not a very democratic way
of looking at it and that represents I
think a very a very serious obstacle
even with those people who say normally
speaking that they commit to reform the
mindset remains one of people ultimately
must follow and the leadership decides
and that culture a political culture and
just something that's within the party
but it's particularly perverse there
absolutely is important area at this
point
it will be quite useful I think for us
to explain to look at this term ethnic
federalism which of course is the system
under which Ethiopia has been governed
for around 25 years or so it was the
vision as the former prime minister of
course the the architect if you like of
modern ethiopia Millison are we explain
what it is in simple terms well very
simply put it was MELAS is answered so
the fundamental problem that Ethiopia in
the 19th century was an empire in which
many different population groups ethnic
groups linguistic groups religious
groups were violently in incorporated
and so then the question posed itself
called what kind of identity or what
kind of political structures do you
build up to manage this diversity now
Mohammed is right by saying that roughly
speaking for most of Ethiopian history
d-i the central idea has been the
assimilation to one identity and I'm
Jara identity often a Christian Orthodox
identity and one of a unitary States
under the control of a strong leader
what medicine always tried to do when he
instituted this idea of our ethnic
federalism coming from one of the
minority groups that had been forced to
assimilate to this identity was to say
let's give people are all around
Ethiopia the right to speak their own
language to enjoy education that
language to manage their business with
government in that language to
self-govern and this was an idea I think
that originally was quite popular not
necessarily at the center of power many
people saw it as dangerously weakening
Ethiopia but at least it was seen by
many marginalized groups including many
Roma at the time as something that might
potentially empower it as we're seeing
for many of the protests today that's
not quite how it's not working well
again it depends on on who you ask I
mean for example take the Somali region
in the eastern part of Ethiopia there
are many people who undoubtedly a still
very unhappy with being part of Ethiopia
but they're also many people who will
tell you that in many ways they've never
had it so good they've never had this
kind of representation in the central
government they've never had the right
to speak their own language they've
never had the kind of business interests
and presence in the security services
that they have today
these are not small things and the same
applies to many people in in or amia yes
many people are very unhappy with the
heavy-handed way in which the government
has dealt with it they feel excluded
from a lot of decision-making but on the
other hand they've never been so many
Roma kids in school never so many Roma
families connected to the National
electricity grid and so those are real
gains and I think that it's important to
see that new ones that rather than
portraying the protests as a simple
versus the people's story that we
understand here that there is a
political struggling happening within
the party and within different branches
of the party as well as between
different that's very interesting so
Muhammad would you agree with Harry then
and would you would you say that the
current state of of discontent in
Ethiopia is actually a challenge to the
way the country is governed to the to
the ruling coalition itself would you
would you go that far or is it just at
the Oromia would like a larger share of
the pie no I would slightly disagree I
think internic federalism gets a bad rap
in the media a lot in picking up some
currency in academic circles but I think
first of all I think ethnic federalism
was a compromise not necessarily
Malaysia now is vision a compromise
among different ethnic based liberation
movement that overthrew the communist
regime in 1991 and it was the only way
to hold the country together a retrial
voted to go for independence there were
groups fighting for or more independence
there were groups fighting for the great
independence so ethnic federalism was as
a way to say let's stay together duel
the country a union that all of us can
co-exist together but something happened
along the way they prom I promised
decentralization to states ethnic based
homeland states but that never came so I
think the problem is not necessarily the
design of the system which has worked
greatly for for the most part in terms
of the cultural revival you see in in
terms of the development of some of the
language that were essentially banned
from public use under previous
demonstrations and then finally giving
people at the grassroots people that you
see protesting the sort of power that
they feel now that they're they can
demand their rights I think there are
positive things what happened though is
the government the power remained
centralized
the top in Harry's absolutely right
earlier when he pointed out the ruling
party's culture that comes from the sort
of the Communist tradition of scented
democratic centralism where decisions
flow from the party the party can have
debates internally but once you leave
the room you have to agree to what the
party says all right that really made a
couple the the state and in a networked
ethnic federalism has never been really
fully tested as it was written in what
is what is the the prognosis then from
your point of view I know that you're in
you're in Washington DC but I know that
you're very well connected with events
in in aronia in Ethiopia what is your
prognosis for the short term I think as
I said at the top of the show the the
Ethiopia is ready for an aroma prime
minister in the choices are clear it has
to come from the Oromo people so
democratic organization the OPD oh and
there are only two two names that people
will accept that is La MaMa Garza in his
deputy dr. Muhammad and I think they
ought to the Ethiopian people in this at
this dangerous and very precarious
moment where as I alluded to earlier
people think that the Prime Minister's
resignation meant that the government
has collapsed and there was a bit of an
anarchy in the part of the country
yesterday because people thought there
was a power vacuum in the started
burning prison see all right so so I'd
like to move this on quickly then and
come to Harry and say if the EP RDF is
not prepared just yet to put an aroma in
the Prime Minister's chair what will
happen I mean there's a state of
emergency which has said it's going to
be in place for six months no it is and
and undoubtedly there will be an attempt
to restore some of these demonstrations
both by people themselves but also as
I've alluded to earlier by certain
elements within the party that have been
actively instrumentalizing these
demonstrations
including very senior figures in the OPD
or who have had a very double speak at
at times but I don't think that we
should underestimate the security
services these security services have an
incredibly long and from their point of
view is very successful track record of
maintaining order who are willing to pay
a high price I mean this is a a country
where for a very long time the security
services had very little qualms about
locking up thousands of people about
sometimes if they deem necessary killing
very large numbers of people so I think
it is also very important that the
opposition both the Opposition in
government if you like in the opposition
outside government
think very carefully about the about
those steps because if the way people at
the top of the security services feel
that they are back against the wall that
they're running out of options and that
they may lose absolutely everything I
don't think that they will hesitate and
open fire and that would be a
catastrophe for ordinary Ethiopians but
also for the region as a whole I mean
Somalia Sudan South Sudan Eritrea all in
many ways need a stable if the Opia
economically politically security wise
so there's it is a very important moment
alright we're out of time Mohamed Adem
oh thank you very much indeed from
Washington DC Harry the Ervin here in
the studio with me thank you very much
indeed and before we go just to let you
know that we did try to get a government
voice the Ethiopian government to
contribute to the program but
unfortunately we weren't able to thank
you for watching the show you can see it
again anytime you like by going to the
website aljazeera.com should you want
more discussion there's always our
Facebook page that's facebook.com
forward slash AJ inside story and
there's a Twitter sphere a handle at AJ
inside story I'm at Martine Dennis from
me and the whole team here in Doha it's
bye for now
you
you
