captured on security cameras walking
hand-in-hand with the man who would kill
her
these are the last known moments of
little zeyneb Ansari's life her body
would later be found on a rubbish dump
in Cass or the town where she lived with
her family near the eastern city of
Lahore investigators say she was raped
and strangled 24 year old Imran Ali was
convicted of her kidnap rape and murder
an anti-terrorism court handed him four
separate death sentences under Pakistani
law crimes that are considered to have
spread terror in society can be charged
as acts of terrorism the opportunity
that this case presented for better
child protection for a more honest and
sort of a introspective debate and
reflection within society about the
stature of kids and and how easy it is
for predators like this person who's
just convicted to prey on on young
children all of those opportunities have
Donna begging and this conviction will
essentially close the chapter on this
instant but not close the chapter on the
exploitation and abuse of children and I
think that's a missed opportunity in
January thousands of people across
Pakistan protested to demand justice for
zeyneb her family said police took no
action during the five days from when
she was reported missing and her body
was found there were demonstrations at
police stations and politicians homes
were set on fire the authorities were
accused of indifference and incompetence
the Zainab's murder also brought to
light eleven other similar cases in the
casue er area in two years prosecutors
say Ali has confessed to eight of the
killings including Zainab's the fact
that this had happened
eleven times previously and for some
reason those eleven bodies of young
children did not stir the imagination of
conscience of the authorities but this
12th month certainly did and only only
because the public Bureau the reaction
across country was ferocious and loud
and sustained Ali has 15 days to appeal
the verdict
Zane
his parents are demanding his execution
be carried out in public at the same
rubbish dump their daughter's body was
found in Thea snipe al-jazeera
