president Trump's first stop in Florida
was to the hospital where some of the
victims of Wednesday's shooting are
still recovering his visit wasn't
publicly announced but he told reporters
he had spoken with victims and their
families he then went on to visit with
law enforcement officials but news at
the FBI mishandled vital information
about Nicholas Cruz have dominated
headlines it's now known that someone
close to Cruz called authorities with
specific information about the 19 year
olds intentions the information was not
passed to the proper authorities
startling failure by the FBI earlier
today the FBI released a statement
regarding information provided to our
public access line On January 5th of
this year the caller provided
information about Nicholas Cruz and the
potential of him becoming a school
shooter under normal protocol this
information should have been provided to
the Miami field office they're
appropriate investigative steps would
have been taken the FBI has determined
that protocol was not followed Florida's
governor has called on the agency's
director to step down adding yet more
pressure to an organization already
under scrutiny by the Republican Party
and a makeshift memorial to those that
died people continue to pay their
respects but there's also anger that
more isn't being done about gun control
one mother's message to the president is
typical of the reaction here I would
tell Trump that you've got to get it
together this is not about politics this
is not about money this is about
children's lives this is about
protecting our children as a mother with
children that have grown up in this city
and have gone to school I cannot as a
mother tell my child that you were safe
when I drop you off in carline because I
don't know that everyday I would tell
Trump you know you have children you
need to protect the children first and
foremost before money before politics
before your ego you need to do something
to get these guns out of these people's
hands it's not known if the president
will spend
more time in parkland but most here are
focused on remembering and grieving
there are 17 crosses here to honor those
that died in Wednesday's mass shooting
but according to the journal Pediatrics
between 2012 and 2014 an average of
1,300 children died of gun violence each
year in this community there's an
overwhelming desire for change but
changing this country's gun laws will be
a long and hard-fought battle and a
Gallacher al Jazeera parkland Florida
