Libya remains a mess the country
continues to grapple with Civil War
humanitarian crises foreign
interventions and the threat from ISIL
this week a panel of UN experts said a
political solution in Libya remains out
of reach in the near future so looking
back was the NATO intervention in 2011
to topple Colonel Gaddafi in the midst
of the Arab Spring a mistake will
continued for an intervention from
outside powers bring more harm than good
and who's to blame for the violence and
chaos on the ground that's produced such
a massive refugee crisis joining me to
debate this a Hafidh algo el columnist
at arab news and former senior fellow at
the Atlantic Council in Washington DC
and mustafa abushagur former deputy
prime minister of post-qaddafi Libya
thank you both for joining me in the
arena must have a given how many
problems Libya has right now political
economic social security do you have any
regrets about supporting that original
NATO led intervention in your country in
2011 to topple Gaddafi I think I think
we we are very expected to expectation
are much higher than they should be
because when you're happy but they 11
under 42 years of oppression you don't
expect those people to be able to make
it directly and to become a democratic
society in few months and that's what
has happened so what is going on today
is really we are paying for the legacy
of the regime so no regrets about 20
Lord no I do not because really if the
intervention that happened Libyans
could be killed thousands and thousand
by on the hands of Gaddafi Holford you
were an opponent of Gadhafi for a long
time where do you stand on the
intervention was it a mistake to get rid
of Gadhafi in the way that he was got
rid of him and everything we've seen
since I think it is a huge mistake and I
think both Libyans and the world is
paying for it consistently I disagree
with Mustafa on several issues one is
that talking about and I was one of the
Opposition talking about his intolerance
of any opposition was quite a long time
ago in terms of history it was in the
late 70s and 80s we also and the world
all really you know can attest to this
that Gaddafi's
these have changed dramatically over the
last 10 years so just secondly just to
be clear then just to be clear for the
sake of our viewers you're saying that
Gaddafi who was a brutal dictator
brutalized his people for several
decades it would be Libya would be
better off if he was still in power
today without a question because we
don't without a question because it was
a civil war between two sides of Libya
in 2011 the were and still are
significant tribal and presence that is
in support of Gaddafi and law is still
loyal to him the fact that NATO and
Europe intervened on behalf of one side
against another does not make it a
revolution it was a revolution because
it was a civil war outside powers no it
was a revolution definitely because
because those people they wanted the
streets in tribal in Benghazi at the
beginning and then in Tripoli in other
cities they're really they're coming out
really against the oppression that they
have lived under the tyranny they have
lived under for many many years
I think the intervention by the United
Nations through NATO is really to save
the Libyan lives and and the
intervention really happened because of
that well having said that Libya would
be better off today under Gaddafi as
someone who was in the post Gadhafi
government what's your response to him
no it's not I mean it clearly from one
aspect you can say it is it is better
off because me but they were living
under oppression yeah maybe there is a
some security but security that serves
Gaddafi himself not the Libyan people
but now really we have taken several
steps towards making the place but I'm
at it again yes I mean it security is
not great in Libya now notice it is
improving slowly but it's not ideal in
that sense but also at the same time
Libyans have taken some steps that will
not go back under there they were able
to do some real elections you say you
say not great not ideal some might say
you're kind of underplaying how bad the
situation is on the ground just dozens
of different militia groups in different
cities competing for power you have ISIL
turning up for a while running one of
your cities the making of Qaddafi
himself he is the one who took these
criminals out after the president 17,000
of them he is the one who distributed
weapons to everybody because he wanted
this is the legacy of Gaddafi it's easy
to blame the outsiders it's what Gaddafi
did seven years ago we're coming up on
eight cannot be blamed for infinity U as
u infinity but most episode for decades
he was in powerful it's only been seven
days in the grand scheme of history all
the time defending Gaddafi but the same
argument that they used to blame Gaddafi
can be used today to blame what happened
in the last seven years so let me know
status for that to most of a half of
things improve for ordinary Libyans
because have this disputing I mean it is
clearly people are far more free to
express their opinions I'm still
threatened while I am in the United
States I'll be I'll disappear within 24
hours during thirty years of the perf
regime if I have stepped inside the
country I would be high so now maybe for
31 years I know that but to answer your
question completely I am against Gaddafi
but once you have a government that is
reforming and moving in the right
direction
it doesn't take a brain surgeon it's not
Gaddafi who did it it was the system
around them that was improving and
moving to the right direction so seven
years would have been enough to see some
results but what we did what other words
that he keeps challenging you saying
everything's worse now you you were
Deputy Prime Minister an apostle or
government yes you've supported the
intervention in the wall I did tell tell
your fellow Libyan what's better in
Libya today what is better in Libya
today is that first of all Libyan be
able there start enjoying some of their
freedoms yes it is the conditions that
we have today it is it is a legacy when
Gaddafi was troubled
there was no institutions in the country
to be able to carry a militia you
yourself do not buy a ministry they
disagreed with your portals how much
security and freedom of speech does that
reflect no that's that's that's true I
mean I have been kidnapped but that's
that's relevant to this case here is at
least his devotion to the cause no it is
because because really I have been
against Gaddafi for 30-some years okay
and the
at the end there were large enema
because really they were started to lay
the ground for his children to rule the
government for the next 50 years the
only army there it's malicious of his
children they are not there is no real
Libyan army the irony is necessary to
say France today for election safe
Qaddafi safe good that if he runs today
for election all probability is his will
he will win if you monitor for example
the social media might say it's easy if
you say that second the US for us it was
a horrible life living off security
economically politically today is that's
a legacy of Gaddafi or is that the fault
of the people is the fault of the people
who led what this uprising a lot of them
were from the Gaddafi regime themselves
Mahmoud gibreel absolutely
Mustafa Abdul Jalil among other a lil
ASA we all of these guys they are the
ones who did not put Libby on the right
direction I think you may develop
Mustapha come first of all those people
why they are doing that because those
this institution they were oppressing
them for so long and when the Arab
revolution started clearly defined let
me ask you this outside powers have
played a big role in Libya both the
original Western led intervention NATO
the United States Britain France but
also today other Egypt the UAE taking
sides different militias
funding and arming difference which is
what's the solution to that this is know
it is what it is is that the
intervention from those countries really
is the one which is causing these
problems what's going on I mean you see
it when you were Deputy Prime Minister
what there was all those countries no at
that time it was very different it was
if I was there in the first year so you
never took support from any outside come
knows not only not never never did and
at that time it was a I'd say there much
better time because we there was some
progress has to be taking place
unfortunately I think I think what
happens later on when the country
becoming stable those countries clearly
they have different agendas for it
because first of all they want to end
anything called the Arab revolutions
that
those regimes in these countries they
are dictators and they are afraid of a
country which can be democratic can be
prosperous wishes and also wealthy which
is Libyan so they have done everything
to solve they might be afraid look what
happens when a dictator Falls it turns
into a mess we don't want that you know
but you're not exactly great ad oh they
have contributed to this mess and
they're still funding it and today I
mean if you look at surely you can see
that pile of it if Libya will left to
the Libyans to your fellow Libyan people
it would be in a much better place again
you're giving a pass to other people
they've caused problems two things one
is yes that these countries have never
interfered with the Libyan government
directly but the problem is they've
always interfered with militias that so
second I want to make my second point
you cannot blame other countries I mean
this is the problem with all the
supporters of this they blame Gaddafi
they blame foreigners they blame Qatar
and the UAE and others they blame at the
failure of the UN you cannot build a
state or a country on that basis you
have to take responsibility and realize
that the failure the fundamental failure
is that's good rhetoric but you yourself
admit in the outside countries are
supporting different militias the
president United States former Barack
Obama has admitted on the record one of
my greatest mistakes if not the biggest
one thing was not planning for the
aftermath in Libya this has the u.s.
planned better had outside Powell stayed
a better place today sorry well they're
the ones who've caused the war they came
they were now from their point of view
they're supporting their own interest
and supporting that happened everywhere
in Lebanon in Iraq everywhere the the
naivety of saying for for a political
leadership that we are blaming everybody
else instead of taking our own
initiatives to build the state is if you
are blaming outside powers doesn't that
mean basically Libya will be messed up
for a long time to conquer those outside
powers
anyway I mean part you're gonna do
partially I'm blaming the outside world
but clearly we as Libyans are who should
be the responsible for this and this is
the problem that we have when we will
live under dictators in 40 years they
have no room for dialogue there is no
room for any other opinion this is what
you have you have people who they have
this culture the culture for pressure
and they found themselves in a position
now they are not willing to talk to one
of them when it's interesting mention
culture a lot of people in the West have
this view of Arabs can't do democracy or
you need to have a strong man culture
and in a country like Libya it doesn't
help that there's this guy Khalifa
Haftar former general who's now running
a bunch of militias who was accused of
being a former CIA asset accused of
being an Emirati asset accused of war
crimes he seems to have a lot of power
and influence in a section of the
country is that where Libya is heading
back towards the arms of another
dictator and I think Libya's they would
never accept another dictator they will
never accept another military rule force
mr. Herr if I have that that you
mentioned he was supported by Egyptians
and the Amorites by money and weapons
because they want to make sure that the
solution will never get out someone like
him really has to be contained and right
now right now there is there is there is
the United Nations going for an election
for next for this the end of this year
and and you have mentioned the United
Nations this week a panel of UN experts
said and I quote a political solution in
Libya remains out of reach in the near
future do you disagree with them I read
it and clearly I had partially agree
with them yes that would be a very
difficult for us to be able to get out
of this mess
because we liberals have to realize that
this opportunity it is in it is a
lifetime opportunity for the country to
be able to take it forward and I think
we are responsible for for getting
together and being able to reconciliate
be able to build the country and of
course we expect from the international
aid to stop for a population to stay
remain silent for 42 years does not mean
that they don't take a blame focus has
to be for any statesman to move the
country forward the idea that you're
optimistic about the future
no I am NOT because it does even the
election nonsense
we had a number of elections it produced
nothing but division you and I know that
sometimes elections in these kind of
mess and and these kind of societies
that don't have any institutions okay
create civil wars last word to most of
our you optimist
yes I yeah I yeah again I look at what's
going on is it natural progression that
unfortunately go through half I was in
Libya
I'm Libya three weeks ago I was there
and was driving throughout the whole
city of Tripoli has no effect there is a
lot of improving security wise if you
can but that when I go there to visit
then I'll let you know that they did
secure you both arrange a joint vision
we'll have to leave it there and be glad
you're out of time thank you both for
joining me on upfront
