when the Arab Spring protests swept
through the Middle East seven years ago
demonstrators across the region were
hoping for democratic reforms and even
the overthrow of local despots but his
wart on Libya really a better place now
without its brutal dictator Colonel
Gaddafi and how did Bahrain become the
Forgotten Revolution and up front
special
Libya remains a mess the country
continues to grapple with Civil War
humanitarian crises foreign
interventions and the threat from ISIL
this week a panel of UN experts said a
political solution in Libya remains out
of reach in the near future so looking
back was the NATO intervention in 2011
to topple Colonel Gaddafi in the midst
of the Arab Spring a mistake will
continued for an intervention from
outside powers bring more harm than good
and who's to blame for the violence and
chaos on the ground that's produced such
a massive refugee crisis joining me to
debate this 1/2 a dog well columnist at
arab news and former senior fellow at
the Atlantic Council in Washington DC
and mustafa abushagur former deputy
prime minister of post-qaddafi Libya
thank you both for joining me in the
arena must have a given how many
problems Libya has right now political
economic social security do you have any
regrets about supporting that original
NATO led intervention in your country in
2011 to topple Gaddafi I think I think
we we are very expected to expectation
are much higher than they should be
because when you have people delivered
under 42 years of oppression you don't
expect it was be able to be able to make
a directly and to become a democratic
society in few months and that's what
has happened so what is going on today
is really we are paying for the legacy
of the regime so no regrets about 20
Lord no I do not because really if the
intervention that happened Libyans
could be killed thousands and thousand
by on the hands of Gaddafi Holford you
were an opponent of Gadhafi for a long
time where do you stand on the
intervention was it a mistake to get rid
of Gadhafi in the way that he was got
rid of an and everything we've seen
since I think it is a huge mistake and I
think both Libyans and the world is
paying for it consistently I disagree
with Mustafa on several issues one is
that talking about and I was one of the
Opposition talking about his intolerance
of any opposition was quite a long time
ago in terms of history it was in the
late 70s and 80s
we also and the world all you know can
attest to this that Gaddafi's policies
have changed dramatically over the last
ten years
so just secondly just to be clear then
just to be clear for the sake of our
viewers you're saying that Gaddafi who
was a brutal dictator brutalized his
people for several decades it would be
Libya would be better off if he was
still in power today but without a
question because we don't without a
question because it was a civil war
between two sides of Libya in 2011 the
were and still are significant tribal
presence that is in support of Gaddafi
and law is still loyal to him the fact
that NATO and Europe intervened on
behalf of one side against another does
not make it a revolution it wasn't a
revolution because it was a civil war
and outside powers no it was a
revolution definitely because because
those people they wanted the streets in
tribal in Benghazi at the beginning and
then in Tripoli in other cities they're
really they're coming out really against
the oppression that they have lived
under that the journey they have lived
under for many many years
I think the intervention by the United
Nations through NATO is really to save
the Libyan lives and and the
intervention really happened because of
that well having said that Libya would
be better off today under Gaddafi as
someone who was in the post Gadhafi
government what's your response to him
no it's not I mean it clearly from one
aspect you can say it is it is better
off because we but they were living
under oppression yeah and maybe there is
a some security but security that serves
Gaddafi himself not the Libyan people
but now really we have taken several
steps towards making the place but about
again yes I mean it security is not a
great in Libya now it is it is improving
slowly but it's not ideal in that sense
but also at the same time Libyans have
taken some steps that will not go back
under there they were able to do some
real elections that have second place
you say you say not great not ideal some
might say you're kind of underplaying
how bad the situation is on the ground
just dozens of different militia groups
in different cities competing for power
you have ISIL turning up for a while
running one of your cities the making of
Qaddafi himself he is the one who took
these criminals out after to president
17,000 of them
he is the one who distributed weapons to
everybody because he want this is the
legacy of Gaddafi it's easy to blame the
outsiders it's what Gaddafi did seven
years ago we're coming up on eight
cannot be blamed for infinity U as u
infinity but most people said for
decades he was in power Falls it's only
been seven lives in the grand scheme of
history defending adavi but the same
argument that they used to blame Gaddafi
can be used today to blame what happen
in the last seven years
tell em eNOS let us put that to most of
a how have things improve for ordinary
Libyans because have that DiSpirito I
mean it is clearly people are far more
free to express their opinions I'm still
threatened while I am in the United
States if I go to you I'll be I'll
disappear within 24 hours during thirty
years of the Deaf regime if I stepped
inside the country would benefit so I've
got national maybe for 31 years I know
that but to answer your question
completely I am against Gaddafi but once
you have a government that is reforming
and moving in the right direction it
doesn't take a brain surgeon it's not
Gaddafi who did it it was the system
around them that was improving and
moving to the right direction so seven
years would have been enough to see some
results but what we did come in one of
the key challenges saying everything's
worse now you you know you were Deputy
Prime Minister and opposed to a
government yes you've supported the
intervention in the wall I did tell tell
your fellow Libyan what's better in
Libya today what is better a bit today
is that first of all Libyan be able
there start enjoying some of their
freedoms yes it is the conditions that
we have today it is it is a legacy when
when Gaddafi was troubled
there was no institutions in the country
to be able to carry almost a militia you
yourself no I did not my ministry they
disagreed with your policy how much
security and freedom of speech does that
reflect no that's that's that's true I
mean I have been kidnapped but that's
that's relevant to this case here I mean
he still thinks his devotion to the
cause no it is because because really I
have been against Gaddafi
30-some years okay and the changes that
get defeated at the end they are gonna
Geneva because really they were started
to lay the ground for his children to
rule the government for the next 50
years the only army there it's malicious
of his children they are not there is no
real liberal army the irony is necessary
to say France today for election safe
Qaddafi safe good that if he runs today
for election all probability is his will
he will win if you monitor for example
the social media watching the show might
say it's easy if you say that saying in
the US for us it was a horrible life
living our day-to-day matter of security
economically politically is that's a
legacy of Gaddafi or is that the fault
of the people is the fault of the people
who led what this uprising a lot of them
were from the Gaddafi regime themselves
my Mujib real absolutely Mustafa Abdul
Jalil among other holidays how we all of
these guys they are the ones who did not
put Libby on the right direction I think
you may develop muster first for those
people why they are doing that because
those this institution they were
oppressing them for so long and when the
Arab revolution started clearly they
find let me ask you this outside powers
have played a big role in Libya both the
original Western led intervention NATO
the United States Britain France but
also today got the Egypt the UAE taking
sides different religions funding and
arming difference which is what's the
solution to that is no it is what it is
is that the intervention from those
countries really is the one which is
causing these problems what's going on I
mean you see it when you were Deputy
Prime Minister what there was all those
countries know at that time it was very
different it was I was there in the
first year so you never took support
from any outside come knows not only not
never never did and at that time it was
a I'd say that much better time because
we there was some progress has to be
taking place unfortunately I think I
think what happens later on when the
country become Xterra loose countries
clearly they have different agendas for
it because first of all they were
and anything called the Arab revolutions
because those regimes in these countries
they are dictators and they are afraid
of a country which can be democratic can
be prosperous wishes and also wealthy
which is Libyan so they have done
everything - so all they might be afraid
that look what happens when a dictator
Falls it turns into a mess we don't know
exactly who they have contributed to
this mess and they're still funding it
in today I mean if you look at surely
you can see that point of it if Libya
will left to the Libyans to your fellow
Libyan people it would be in a much
better place again you're giving a pass
to other people they've caused problems
two things one is yes that these
countries have never interfered with the
Libyan government directly but the
problem is they've always interfered
with militias that so second I want to
make my second point you cannot blame
other countries I mean this is the
problem with all the supporters of this
they blame the daffy they blame
foreigners they blame Qatar and the UAE
and others they blame the failure of the
UN you cannot build the state or a
country on that basis you have to take
responsibility and realize that the
failure the fundamental failure is
that's good rhetoric but you yourself
for admitting the outside countries are
supporting different militias the
president United States former Barack
Obama has admitted on the record one of
my greatest mistakes if not the biggest
one thing was not planning for the
aftermath in Libya this has the u.s.
planned better had outside power stayed
a better place today sorry for they're
the ones who've caused the war they came
they were now from their point of view
they are supporting their own interest
and supporting that happened everywhere
in Lebanon in Iraq everywhere the
naivety of saying for for a political
leadership that we are blaming everybody
else instead of taking our own
initiatives to build a state is
nonsensical most
if you are blaming outside powers
doesn't that mean basically Libya will
be messed up for a long time to come
anyway no I mean part what are you gonna
do about partially I'm blaming the
outside world but clearly we as Libyans
are we should be the responsible for
this and this is the problem that we
have when we will live under the
children forty years they have no room
for dialogue there is no room for any
other opinion this is what you have you
have people who they have this culture
the culture for oppression and they find
themselves in a position now they are
not willing to mention culture a lot of
people in the West have this view of
Arabs can't do democracy or you need to
have a strongman culture and in a
country like Libya it doesn't help that
there's this guy Khalifa Haftar Forman
general who's now running a bunch of
militias who was accused of being a
former CIA asset accused of being an
Emirati asset accused of war crimes he
seems to have a lot of power and
influence in a section of the country is
that way Libya is heading back towards
the arms of another dictator and I think
Libya's they would never accept another
dictator they will never accept another
military force mr. horrific after that
you mentioned he was supported by
Egyptians and the Emiratis by money and
weapons because they want to make sure
that the revolution will never get out
someone like him really has to be
contained and right now right now there
is there is there is the United Nations
going for an election for next for this
the end of this year and and you have
said mention the United Nations this
week a panel of UN experts said and I
quote a political solution in Libya
remains out of reach in the near future
do you disagree with them I read it and
clearly I had partially agree with them
yes that would be a very difficult for
us to be able to get out of this mess
because we liberals have to realize that
this opportunity it is in it is a
lifetime opportunity for the country to
be able to take it forward and I think
we are responsible for for getting
together and being able to reconciliate
be able to build the country and of
course we expect from the international
aid to stop for a population to stay
remain silent for forty two two years
does not mean that they don't take a
blame focus has to be for any state
to move the country forward the idea
that you hope to mr. about the future no
I am NOT because it does even the
election nonsense Libya had a number of
elections it produced nothing but
division you and I know that sometimes
elections in this kind of mess and and
these kind of societies that don't have
any institutions okay create awesome
Awards last word to most of our you an
optimist yes I uh I am again I look at
what's going on is it natural
progression that one for sure we go
through half I was in Libya
I'm Libya three weeks ago I was there
and was driving throughout the whole
city of Tripoli has no effect there is a
lot of improvement security-wise if you
but that's when I go to visit then I'll
let you know that it is secure you both
arrange a joint vision we'll have to
leave it and be glad you're out of time
thank you both for joining me on upfront
it's been seven years since the Arab
Spring protests broke out in the Gulf
monarchy of Bahrain with thousands of
demonstrators at the Pearl Roundabout in
the capital Manama initially calling for
reforms and eventually demanding the
ruling royal family stepped down human
rights groups say the Bahraini
government continues to violently
crackdown on dissent and lock up
political prisoners so what's the future
for the country's protesters joining me
to discuss this is Maryam al-khawaja a
Bahraini activist in exile an advisor to
the Gulf Center for Human Rights who's
been sentenced to prison in absentia by
the barony authorities and whose father
is currently serving a life sentence
there and has been called a prisoner of
conscience by Amnesty International
Maryam thanks for coming on upfront you
called the February 2011 uprising in
Bahrain and Inconvenient revolution for
the Arab world and for the international
community what did you mean by that well
well I meant is that because of behind
geopolitical importance being you know
between Saudi Arabia and Iran and
hosting the fifth fleet and now also a
base for the United Kingdom there are a
lot of interests that are based on
Bahrain where and you know when we took
to the streets in 2011 we knew that we
weren't just up against the behind
government but rather the six GCC
countries plus their allies the United
Kingdom in the United States and I think
to the most part we've been proven
correct on that you know the United
Kingdom the United States continued to
sell arms to the Bahraini government and
they continued to some extent to prop up
the monarchy and behind the deck is
stacked against you when you were on
this show two years ago in 2016 you said
you wouldn't call the Bahraini Arab
Spring protests a quote failed uprising
you said change would happen and it
would happen either through a very
violent situation coming about because
of the repression or international
pressure forcing the government to quote
do the right thing neither of those
things have happened in the intervening
period do you now accept whether you
like it or not has been a failure the
uprising no I don't because if you look
at Wednesday the 14th of February
anniversary of the behind uprising and
the amount of protests that happened
around the country I think is even more
evidence that the people of Bahrain will
continue to protest until they reach
their you know demands for civil and
political rights that being said because
of the nature of the situation in the
region but also internationally of
is going to take time when I said that
you know there's going to be a path of
violence or a path of reform that's
still a path we're on behind is best
described as a pressure cooker because
things will turn you know more violent
if we continue down this path but there
is still an opportunity for reforms it's
just about whether that international
pressure happens or not just to be clear
for the sake of our viewers you've been
accused by the Bahraini government you
and your family of being violent people
supporters of terrorists etcetera all
sorts of accusations learn against you
charges thrown against you what is your
position on violence I am believe in
non-violence as a methodology for change
political and social change let me put
it this way even when I was being
assaulted by four police officers in the
airports in Bahrain and during my arrest
I did not lift a finger to defend myself
so even when I'm being attacked
I believe that non-violence is a way of
regaining control of the situation and
not being reactive and you mentioned a
demand for civil and political rights
going on right now on the anniversary of
the revolution of the protests this week
just to be clear again what are the
goals of the protesters in Bahrain is it
just political reform more freedom more
rights or is it a revolution against a
monarchy a regime change well I just did
it in the beginning when people took to
the streets it was about the king
fulfilling the promises that he made in
2001 which was a constitutional monarchy
nothing that has happened since then has
led us to a path of constitutional
monarchy on the contrary he unilaterally
changed the constitution placed himself
above the Constitution and gave us a
parliament has no legislative our
monitoring powers and so when people
took to the streets they were just
demanding that he fulfill his promises
it was after they started shooting and
killing unarmed protesters that the
demand shifted from being just about the
Constitution to demanding the stepping
down after ruling farini's say the
authorities say we offered reforms in
2011 we offered reforms again in 2014
the opposition boycotted any kind of
elections or participation in the
political process it's the opposition
who walked away from dialogue from
reform from working together all you
have to do is look at the facts on the
ground to know that there's absolutely
no truth in that first of all and will
fuckin wat have been disbanded that
largest through opposition societies in
the country we have a parliamentary
election coming up later this year with
no opposition to run and the
Shen's but even let's talk about the
elections themselves the gerrymandering
and behind puts even Texas to shame
we're in the opposition can receive up
to 60% of the votes but only 18 out of
40 seats at Parliament and those are all
fair points just on 2014 was it looking
back with the benefit of hindsight was a
mistake
for the opposition to boycott elections
so I'm not a politician myself but I do
understand that's you know when when I
will fuckin when WOD and so on came out
and said that they were not going to
participate in the elections to me it
makes sense because if they had
participated they would have lost
complete credibility amongst the
communities that they're supposed to
serve they would have lost complete
credibility amongst the people of
Bahrain but even taking it beyond that
for them to take part in an election
that was a sham that would have only
served to you know give the government
the legitimacy it was seeking
internationally you mentioned that the
Bahraini people who have been protesting
against the government demonstrating
against the government and not just up
against a ruling royal family but I but
up against the United States government
which supports that ruling government
has the election of Donald Trump as
president of the u.s. given you cause
for optimism or pessimism has it made
things better or worse for the people of
bettering the situation has definitely
gotten gotten worse I mean when we're
looking at in 2017 and me 48 hours after
President Trump met with the King of
Bahrain and said there will no longer be
a strain on us behind relations five
people were killed
extra judicially killed and up to 300
people were arrested on the same day
that's more than we had even in 2011 but
on the other hand the Gulf monarchies
love President Trump and so he has a lot
more sway with them than Obama did which
means that he can also influence the
situation in ways that the Obama
administration could not want evidence
as ever he wants to influence the
situation in a way that you would
support that is exactly the question
there is an understanding that there
needs to be reform and behind that the
situation has continued to deteriorate
whether we're looking at the number of
political prisoners whether we're
looking at the use of torture by the
military now as well as the Ministry of
Interior and so on so there is that
understanding the question is how do you
build policy behind that understanding
many people who look
at the Middle East today look at the
region they see proxy wars being fought
everywhere and the argument is that a
lot of what goes on in the Middle East
is basically Saudi Arabia versus Iran
whether it's in Yemen whether it's in
Syria whether it's in Bahrain and a lot
of people think and the Bahraini
government claims that the protests in
Bahrain are driven by Iran it's all
about Iranian sponsorship Iranian
involvement Iranian provocation you have
a Shia majority country with a minority
Sunni ruling family and Iran is
basically stirring up the hornet's nest
there what do you say to them well I
think you know it's you all you have to
do is look up a highly history to
understand that the behind the ruling
family has been trying to brush the
opposition as anything that is perceived
as a threat to Israel so for example you
know to begin with we're all not so
socialist that we all became communist
and we all became Iranian agents and now
we're terrorists the Iranian agents and
now apparently also Qatari agents as
well but I think Iran getting involved
in behind is a self-fulfilling prophecy
the more heavy-handed the crackdown is
the more Iran speaks out saying that
there's oppression and torture in
Bahrain and the more there's a failure
from the West to do so the more the
behind people are going to you know find
themselves in a position where they
don't see any other way out or any other
ally that Iran is it the best thing for
Bahrain of course it's not government
say it's a cause of violence they point
to November of last year when one of
their main oil pipelines they say there
was an explosion caused by quote
terrorist sabotage linked to Iran the
behind the government has been making a
lot of claims for a very long time way
beyond you know 2011 they've been
talking about many terrorist cells now
the question is why is it that the
behind the government refuses to allow
any form of independent investigation to
back up their claims that's where I
place the question mark I'm not saying
it's not happening at all I don't know
if it is because I don't have access to
that information how much of this is
sectarian you've said on the record in
the past you've called battery neck semi
apartheid regime because of its
discrimination against Shias there
you've attacked the Bahraini military
and compared some of its rhetoric to
isil's rhetoric the Bahraini government
says that's absurd we're one of the most
secular liberal governments in the
region when you're looking at the
situation but I'm from a 16 viewpoint
the sectarian you know language that's
being used at this
is coming from the government the
basically sectarianism is a tool that's
being used to divide and conquer that's
the whole purpose of it have they been
successful in actually creating
sectarian violence in the country no
they have not because the Bahraini
people generally from you know its
origin have always been a very peaceful
very friendly society but sunnis and
shias alike you're not just a human
rights activist you're someone who's
actually personally deeply affected by
all of this your father is currently
serving a life sentence in Bahrain after
a trial a lot of Human Rights criticized
as unfair unjust he's been on hunger
strikes you and your sister both had to
leave Bahrain after being detained and
charged with crimes there and you've
basically been campaigning on the issue
of Bahrain and for your family and for
others I think since what the age of 22
yes how hard is it to keep carrying on
like this when the odds are clearly so
stacked against you well I think you
know change is going to come in some
just a matter of time given the economic
shift that's happening that climate
change in the way that it's going to
affect the Middle East and all of these
changes that we're witnessing right now
plus you know the changes happening in
Saudi Arabia at the current the current
time I think it is it's becoming more
and more evident that is just a matter
of time before things change it's just
about how that change is going to come
about and I really hope that it's not
going to be by everything exploding into
violence where we can no longer before
it gets better
exactly Maryam al-khawaja thanks for
joining me on upfront thank you that's
our show upfront we'll be back next week
you
