for a practice with a history dating
back more than 3,000 years Thierry Chow
is not what you'd expect is a
traditional master of Feng Shui the
daughter of one of Hong Kong's most
respected craftsman is giving a
discipline a modern makeover I'll try to
make such a traditional practice into
something that modern people can
understand her clients include fashion
retailers interior designers and
architects by rearranging a space she
hopes to create harmony and new energy
based on ancient Chinese culture that
translates to good health and prosperity
is said to be superstition and that is
you know a shortcut to gaining wealth
and wellness and I think I've discovered
that it's actually something that is
very natural basis about the
relationship between the environment and
the people Feng Shui is central to
Chinese New Year celebrations the
streets are full of decorations for the
year of the dog but behind closed doors
the people of Hong Kong are using feng
shui
to clear their homes of ill fortune in
preparation for the year ahead there's
going to be more stability more harmony
more friendship because I think there's
been an awful lot of fear the last
couple of years it may be an ancient
Chinese tradition but it's also become a
lucrative career big names and big
businesses are joining the ranks by
using Feng Shui to re-energize and
redesign buildings and in Hong Kong it's
changing the city's landscape
feng shui masters are often consulted
before construction begins in Hong Kong
despite its widespread adoption some
academics say the evidence is unproven
and question why it's increasingly being
promoted as science we see it all over
the world in the West we see horoscopes
we see fortune tellers we see psychic
readers so there's a certain percentage
of the population that will always be
duped by these pseudo scientific type
activities science or not masters of the
trade say the business of Feng Shui is
growing Jane's hakuna applies it at home
and in his work and he's satisfied with
the results our lives are formulated by
space the spaces that we live in the
spaces where we where we work where we
play if we don't take care of our space
if we if we keep it stagnant if things
don't change in the internal space how
are we supposed to grow as people
it's that type of testimonial that's
behind the modern revival of this
ancient craft Sara Clark al-jazeera Hong
Kong
