the poem describes a family being forced
to flee their home the fall of ISIL in
Mosul poetry can be read in public and
music played again Harlee the rohui
accompanies the reader on the hood he
describes what it was like being a
musician in the Iraqi city when ISIL was
in control I so found out you're a
musician you could be lashed her
instrument would be destroyed
I could be imprisoned and even beheaded
I stayed at home I grew a beard and was
careful I would lock the doors and play
quietly without using a pick I just
strum the strings gently using my
fingers instead the battle for Mosul has
been described as the most violent and
destructive in Iran's history the UN
estimates at least 40,000 homes were
destroyed local government says more
than 42 billion dollars is needed to
rebuild the city on surrounding towns in
Nineveh province this cafe has become a
center for cultural life since isil's
defeat late last year Mosul was famous
for its literature art and music before
ISIL took over in 2014 reconstruction
starts with rebuilding souls before
houses we can't put bricks down and show
our souls are restored after the
catastrophe that happened to us to read
is to be alive reading means new
ambitions and new dreams
organizers say volunteers have come
together and pooled their money to hold
a book forum at the cafe the core idea
is how to create awareness among the
youth ISIL used to burn books on
philosophy history poetry and live in
some religious books but we found that
many of the central library's books have
survived we started a voluntary campaign
where we rescued more than 33,000 books
and thought of the fair and booksellers
are now returning to the streets passive
we want to bring books to the people the
pavement is a great place to sell them
because people are coming back Mosul was
known as a cultural center with many
writers and intellectuals who used to
live here the UN says it could take more
than a decade to clear all the
unexploded munitions that lay among the
rubble making it dangerous for many of
the approximate million people who want
to return
but for Khalid and his fellow artists
the rebuilding of Mosul spirit it's
music poetry literature and art has
already begun tal Stratford aljazeera
