on a recent morning the Sun struggled to
break through a blanket of air pollution
enveloping central Bangkok it was so bad
that the Thai capital gained an
undesirable achievement for that day the
fifth most polluted city in the world
the city has seen several weeks of
extreme air pollution one local
newspaper calling its air pocalypse
pollution haze this time of year with
low wind and little rain is common but
according to one Bangkok city council
member it's never been this bad he
blames the national government for
inadequate long-term pollution policy
and he also says that the city is not
doing enough
Bangkok's administration works passively
on pollution there are small measures
being done but there's no eagerness with
officials to tackle the bigger problem
of air pollution they are not working on
the solutions greenpeace says that the
air quality here in bangkok is at a
crisis level and there's one critical
area where the government has failed and
that needs to be corrected immediately
the environmental group says levels of
very small particulate matter known as
PM 2.5 have not been included in
Thailand's air quality index readings of
these dangerous small dust particles are
included in most of the world's indexes
their harmful to people's respiratory
system and can lead to stroke heart and
lung disease Greenpeace says the
government could be putting the public
in danger by not giving them the entire
picture they don't want to they don't
want to panic the public even prime
minister julia lai that this is the
urgent matter that need to need to take
into account up warning system in term
of operating Authority in depth the head
of the government's pollution control
efforts says they will eventually
include the fine particulate readings
but they don't have enough equipment I
have to say that we were not negligent
it is in our plan to include PM 2.5 but
it depends on when we are ready to
include them into air quality index not
every type of wind has problem with
particles the government has even
seeding clouds for rain hoping to rinse
away the pollutants so far it hasn't
worked in the meantime the people of
Bangkok will need to prepare for more
polluted days ahead and hope that the
government's plans and the weather will
bring cleaner skies Scot Heidler al
Jazeera Bangkok
