in a televised address Hailemariam
Desalegn said his resignation was vital
for achieving the changes necessary for
sustainable peace and democracy in
ethiopia in other words an attempt to
ease rising tensions in the country in
reform uchi market unrest and political
crisis have led to the loss of lives and
the displacement of many I see my
stepping down as vital in the effort to
carry out reforms that lead to
sustainable peace lightly seen as a
place hold on a consensus figure
Hailemariam Desalegn has led ethiopia
since 2012 following the death of former
prime minister and the architect of
adhere past recent economic boom melis
denarii he rose from relative obscurity
as an academic to president of the
southern region before being appointed
foreign minister and Deputy Prime
Minister his departure follows the
current wave of unrest and a national
state of emergency that ended last year
if he appears large as regions or omean
Amhara have witnessed massive
demonstrations in recent months with
protesters mainly made up of youths
calling for political and economic
reform and an end to state corruption in
recent weeks the government has released
thousands of opposition supporters from
jail but the protests of continued years
of an accountability and ethnicity ssin
of the country's politics are push
Ethiopia to tipping point in justice
repression and lack of meaningful
democracy some say have instilled a
sense of despondency particularly among
Ethiopia youth driving many to view
protests as the only viable means of
bringing about meaningful change the
ongoing disturbances have also led to
deep divisions within the governing
coalition with some of Ethiopia's
powerful and it's coming to see the
Prime Minister as weak and lacking in
focus Hailemariam surprise resignation
may not satisfy all of Ethiopia's
protesters but for some it's a start
Mohamed a new Al Jazeera
