it's said to be the biggest mosque in
Europe shaped like a flower to signify
openness part funded by Turkey but
openness is not what Turkey represents
too many Germans and a visit by
President Recep Tayyip Erdogan to
inaugurate the mosque in Cologne at the
end of his state visit was not welcomed
by all in this liberal town on the banks
of the Rhine Germans joined Kurds in
protest when I heard earlier one will
receive a state reception I was appalled
a slaughter of Kurds a warrior who
invaded Syria with the help of German
weapons who imprisoned hundreds of
thousands without court orders that
someone like that is being invited with
a state reception made me get up and
come here but other ones supporters were
delighted to have him there I emphasized
that we should focus on our common
interest with Germany
aside from recent divergences of opinion
this has been no ordinary state visit
undertaken grudgingly it seems by both
sides the invitation made to president
earlier one by a German government
realizing perhaps that relations between
these two countries with significant
common interests had deteriorated simply
too far since the failed coup in Turkey
two years ago but while they reinforced
economic ties and agreed on a new
initiative to end fighting in parts of
Syria there were no promises given to
release German citizens in jail in
Turkey nor undertakings made to
extradite those Iran considers his
enemies living in Germany they will work
together they will tolerate one another
but this was not as it was sometimes
billed beforehand the coming together of
old friends Jona al al jazeera cologne
