feeling the heat of another day of
waiting for the world to help aid
agencies provide supplies and tents at
Hibernia camp in Iraq but it's just
survival they haven't been given enough
to return to a normal life how earth so
here it's true other areas have been
liberated but most people say they can't
go back because their houses have been
destroyed either by airstrikes or by
ISIL the Iraqi government - has had a
day of waiting for the world's health at
a reconstruction conference in Kuwait it
didn't get all it needs either but it
still got significant money most of it
and credit in loans this huge gathering
has produced commitments towards
reconstructing Iraq amounting to thirty
billion dollars that's far short of the
100 billion dollars the prime minister
says is needed to complete
reconstruction but the president of
Iran's reconstruction fund told me it's
more than he expected to be honest with
you I mean a few days ago and they asked
me I was thinking less than this amount
it's unclear when that money will make a
visible impact on grants waste lands
nevertheless it was a case of a
glass-half-full for Iraq's foreign
minister the amount which was committed
where the grants or loans doesn't meet
our needs but 30 billion dollars is not
a small sum in today's world in fact
it's a lot of money for these people in
Moss on their Street needs running water
their homes and businesses lie in a
rubble of despair we hope the courts
will pay the people here everyone is
rebuilding their shops with their own
money
no one has received anything from the
government international figures called
the fund raising in quite impressive
impressive for these people is when
their markets peddle more than losses to
get the wheels rolling on reconstruction
the country faces the challenge of
maintaining security there's also the
merry-go-round of corruption
to overcome with all the money pledged
actually come through in 2003 thirty
three billion dollars was promised to
Iraq at the Madrid donors conference but
a year later that had to have a
follow-up meeting in Tokyo because only
a fraction of the money had actually
come through the Kuwait conference has
opened the door to the winds of change
for Iraq the government must now show
that this chance won't be squandered to
find another gust of turbulence
Sammis aid an al Jazeera Kuwait
