to his supporters Morgan Richard Sanger
I was a man who challenged some of his
longtime leader Robert Mugabe at a time
when few people dare to do so but it was
a long and sometimes painful journey in
1999 Tsonga ride in a trade union leader
formed the opposition party the Movement
for Democratic Change in the years that
followed he organized protests to try
and force mockery out of office he was
beaten while in police custody charged
with treason jailed several times and
labeled a traitor by Mugabe supporters
in the 2008 presidential election he won
the most votes but not enough to win
outright before a second round took
place his supporters were targeted in a
campaign of violence the opposition
leader put out of the presidential race
in protest regional leaders and the
international community intervened after
months of negotiations Shankara was
sworn in as Prime Minister in 2009 it
was a temporary power sharing government
but Mugabe was still the president
Bocanegra will be remembered
fundamentally in the sense that he broke
some waves in the Mugabe sport garbage
image in 2008 when we got before the
first German leader of the State lost
polimedia religion lost the first
presidential runoff and lost the
majority of local government elections
and that has not been done since 1980
when you again to our independence so
for that Boggan Shangri would be
remembered for years later another
election took place this time tiger eyes
MDC party lost by a huge margin his
critics said he had ignored the plight
of the poor and got caught up in the
trappings of wealth and power
allegations of party infighting and
corruption also tarnished his image some
of his closest allies left accusing him
of being a dictator
but in 2017 the MDC alliance was formed
those who had less hunger I returned
forming a coalition to challenge and
grab a at the polls there were
occasional anti-government protests
Zimbabwe's economy was on its knees
there was a shortage of foreign currency
and the government couldn't pay salaries
on time the military intervened in
November 2017 and put Megara under house
arrest triangular and Zimbabweans from
all political parties marched together
in solidarity saying Mugabe must step
down eventually Mugabe resigned and emma
semana Gaga was sworn in as president
despite having cancer Tiger Eyes
supporters insisted he was their
presidential candidate for the 2018
elections they were confident he could
defeat managua at the polls but he never
got that chance opposition supporters
say tiger I will be remembered as a
brave man a charismatic public speaker
and a symbol of resistance her Matassa
al jazeera
