a reluctant announcement from an
embattled president I have therefore
come to the decision to resign as
president of the Republic with immediate
effect even though I disagree with the
decision of my of the leadership of my
organization I have always been a
disciplined member of the ANC it came
just hours before Parliament was due to
vote in a motion of no-confidence
against Jacob Zuma president's hand may
have been forced
but Zuma says his party did not give
reasons why he should resign that's
despite being embroiled in scandal after
scandal throughout his presidency
including accusations of corruption and
a court ruling that had broken his oath
of office when he ignored the public
protect his recommendation that he paid
back some of the state money used to
refurbish his private residence despite
all the criticism against Zuma the ANC
says the decision to recall him was a
difficult want to make following Zuma's
resignation the ruling party saluted
what it called his outstanding
contribution and thanked him for the
role he played in the ANC for many
decades earlier in the day the home of
Zuma's associates a family known as the
guptas was braided five people have been
arrested after an investigation revealed
that millions of dollars of state funds
was siphoned from a dairy farm project
into businesses linked to the Guptas
next week the National Prosecuting
Authority will decide if corruption
charges against Zuma
that were dropped in 2009 will be
reinstated and an inquiry into the
extent of external influence in Zoomers
administration known as state capture is
due to begin his removal as president
may just be the beginning of Zuma's
troubles pamita mela al jazeera
Johannesburg
