reports of gunfire came as students at
Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School
were about to leave a Code Red Alert was
issued the school was locked down its
pupils led out with their hands in the
air though still trapped inside could
only hide as gunshots rang out stairs
and they were putting pushing all the
students onto the baseball fields back
I've heard stories of people shooting
the going to shoot the crowd so I
written an opposite direction and I got
off campus actually before the police
got here the rescue operation was made
difficult by the sheer size of the
school it's one of the largest in
Broward County with more than 3,000
students but the scale of this latest
tragedy soon became clear 12 victims
were within the building and two two
victims are outside just outside the
building one thing on the street at the
corner of Pine Island
and to people who lost their lives at
the hospital police say 19 year old
Nicholas Cruz seen here being arrested
by police is the suspected shooter
he'd been expelled from the school and
came back reportedly with an assault
rifle and smoke grenades this scourge a
school shooting after school shooting it
only happens here not because of
coincidence not because of bad luck but
it's a consequence of our inaction we
are responsible for a level of mass
atrocity that happens in this country
with zero parallel anywhere else
President Trump took to Twitter offering
his prayers and condolences saying no
child or teacher should feel unsafe in a
school at the staging area relieved
parents are being reunited with their
children but even as this community
begins to mourn its dead once dark fact
remains this year alone there have
already been five separate deadly school
shootings and few believe anything will
change and the Gallacher al Jazeera
parkland Florida
