Guatemala's fight against corruption
intensified on Tuesday with the arrest
of a former president and nine of his ex
ministers Alvaro Colom and members of
his cabinet are suspected of having
embezzled funds and committed fraud
while helping set up a public bus system
in Guatemala City
in 2010 presidente rep√∫blica Alvaro
Colom as president of the Republic in
accordance with the Constitution is the
guarantor of managing public finances
intervened personally an institution to
facilitate the fraudulent procedure of
creating the agreement para facility'
prosecutors said there are questions
around how the government auctioned off
concessions and granted subsidies for
the buses the current chairman of Oxfam
international and former Guatemalan
finance minister Juan Alberto Fuentes
was among those arrested went his
detention comes as Oxfam is already
reeling from a sexual abuse scandal in
Haiti and elsewhere
Guatemala is no stranger to corruption
scandals over the past decade
international investigators have been
working with local prosecutors to peel
back the layers of corruption that
plagued this small Central American
country in 2015
mass anti-corruption protests helped
oust former president Otto Perez Molina
he's now on trial accused of stealing
millions of dollars from the country's
customs offices the current President
Jimmy Morales tried to kick out the head
of the International Commission Against
impunity in Guatemala after he pushed to
remove Morales immunity to face
prosecution in another graft
investigation analysts say these
political arrests are far from over
yo girl ah si si hear me I think the
Commission Against impunity in Guatemala
and the Attorney General's Office are
just scratching the surface without a
doubt there are many more investigations
underway which will take years to
uncover the upcoming selection of a new
Attorney General will be pivotal if
these investigations are to continue
experts say Guatemalans need to be
vigilant to ensure the country's next
top prosecutor has their interests at
heart and
those of the political elite David
Mercer al Jazeera Guatemala City
