hi I'm for me okay and you had a very
stylish stream today New York Fashion
Week is underway while many are watching
the designers and models on the runway
for this year's biggest trends chances
are that you're looking to social media
to find fashion and models that
represent your body type and your way of
dressing and your thoughts on fashion
and with about 800 million users
instagram has become a fashion hub for
many including those who dress modestly
plus-size models or designers who sell
gender non-conforming clothes so we
asked our community some of their
favorites and here's what they told us
geo rob ragazzo says mine are two
germans jolla such for formal executive
smart casual and daniel tony for casual
everyday street wear ozland rahman on
instagram also wrote to us with her
favorite Hoda Kotb whose style is a
sharp as her wit you can see some of her
Instagram photos right there and I'll
throw in a shout-out to just one of my
favorites hakima whose pitch was also an
inspiration for today's show now modest
clothing has had a very successful few
years especially marketing to the Muslim
demographic for example like he
developed a hijab for professional
sports people and the US department
store Macy's announced it would begin
carrying modest clothing and he shops in
its stores but modest fashion designers
of many faiths have already been highly
successful online speaking directly to
their consumers for years so with us now
to discuss our high Eponine and semi
Polonsky sisters and founders of the
frock NYC that's a modest clothing line
we're also joined by Fatima sayyidi
she's an entrepreneur and a fashion
director at bloom a a modest fashion
label she created with her sisters
welcome to this dream all of you really
excited to have this conversation
especially this topic of course I want
to start with a video comment we got
because our community is just as excited
to have this conversation
this is Zara algebra and she is a
fashion entrepreneur in the modest
fashion industry here's what she had to
say
the most surprising thing I learned
while creating motifs see
was that big friends were not making
much effort than any to reach out to
real women and hear from them and see
what they wanted I was really shocked to
understand in the industry how little
consideration is given for a real woman
coming in to test and fit their clothing
kya
Simmi can you relate at all Ryu Shox
before you started your line that you
couldn't find things that specifically
spoke to you in the way that you wear
your clothing it's too interesting we
used to spend our childhood buying
clothing and then going to buy trimmings
and lace and all these different other
snippets of fabrics so we could like
scouring markets for like odds-and-ends
and random dresses that were not in
stores to fix the clothing in order that
they were able to be worn by us in a
modest way because there really wasn't
anything available it was all about the
jeans tank top pair of short shorts and
that was it and so it was very difficult
and that's how we started just training
our eye in the fashion sphere of how we
would alter what was there in order to
meet our needs
fimA as a designer when you're looking
at designing something that's modest
what are you looking at what are you
looking at that perhaps another designer
might not be focused on I'm looking at
what's not out there in the fashion
world already something that a lot of
the modest clothing the girls that would
want to wear it a lot of the females
that we've spoke to they really are
inspired by like high fashion era and
mainstream fashion and they like what
they see on Instagram but it's so hard
for them to find it so we try to
recreate it in ways where it's modest
and they're able to learn about those
ways in which it's modest that was what
I was getting out what are you looking
and focused on we're focused on making
sure that it's fully covered making sure
it's long sleeves making sure didn't
have any cutout splits it can be loose
or baggy just giving them the options
because there are like different
of modest as well and we like to have
you know different levels for any kind
of Muslim or even non-muslims so we
actually got a tweet here from Mona who
writes in that to me modest fashion is
an outer expression of our devoutness to
God we still do however like to dress
fashionably and trendy so that's why
having the verona collection readily
available at macy's that's what we
talked about the beginning of the show
is so incredible it's like finally
having a voice and I want to actually
share a picture here Mahima this is of
one of your designs on the runway tell
us a little a bit about the thinking
behind this so right now when we created
that piece we had in mind like the
latest trends it's definitely florals
purple as the color of the year
we try to incorporate some flares also
it's like suited which suits are in
right now just looking at what's
trending and what most of the consumers
aren't into we like to take that and
make it like modest appropriate I just
want to show you this this is the rock
my see this is your Instagram ladies
going down here I used to live in
Brooklyn I lived in a very Orthodox
Jewish area and this was not the fashion
that I was seeing no definitely not know
what you were saying how the community
reacting to this because this stuff is
amazing thank you in the beginning I do
have to say that when we first moved to
Brooklyn we were definitely seen as
different and we stood stand out and
what we've noticed and what we're trying
to say is that we are not the definer of
in Judaism of what is modest for
everyone and what is immodest for
certain levels we are trying to share a
perception and say modesty is about an
attitude it's about telling the world
that a woman can be valued beyond her
body so when we design clothing we're
not looking at what skin to show we're
looking at how you can have fun with
fabrics and drape and play and layering
to express the woman with
her desire as a through design what was
interesting that I found that over you
know over time people seeing us more and
becoming more relatable is that
followers our customers our fans were
like hey we can also be modest it's
relatable it's easy it's actually doable
and you're showing us a way that we can
oh you know we can wear what you're
wearing and also feel fashionable and
not feel like I'm only being modest
right so aside from sharing our stetic
we're also sharing an attitude and when
we we welcome women from all different
faiths that have all different standards
of dressing and for example they would
say to us I dress like this a B and C
and I want this to be covered and say
there is no problem with making that
fashionable as well because it's not
about what you want to show it's about
who you want to be and that's how a
whole attitude about our whole brand
it's about designing clothing that
changes the perception of what a modest
woman is so I want to give you this
critique right here I'm not sure I
completely understand it but maybe you
will this is Burgess on Twitter who says
there's a fetish obsession with the word
modest nobody is interested in what it
represents they're just using it as a
ticket to stardom as a creative designer
I'm pretty troubled by where it's going
she goes on to say representation and
inclusivity is important but how its
represented is equally important and
right now it's noisy modest youtubers
grabbing the limelight so hiya and see
me you relate to that at all I heard a
yes when I was reading some of them I
was a guy and I were actually discussing
recently we were talking we said we were
getting quite I would say not bored but
it was like a lot of better words for
lack of better wor word modest this and
modest that and the world there's a new
modest dream and what we were trying to
and what we constantly tried to share is
that it's not necessarily about a
specific area of skin that you're
covering and not covering we're really
trying to show people just by being out
on ourselves that it's about how you
value yourselves as a woman and that is
what we're trying to share so yes ladies
is there a better word the modest is
there no we don't want to use modest we
should be talking about the
have you come up with a better word a
description it's I would say it's almost
like having a sensitivity sensitivity to
yourself and to your surroundings I
would say I like this I like a little
bit of the word sensitivity because it's
modest often especially today it's like
modest this and modest and modest Azhar
knew everything and it's kind of losers
it's losing its beauty and talent
authenticity so it's almost about a
woman's empowerment and because
everyone's modest will be different
everyone's modest what someone might
consider modest in a tank top and shorts
someone might say is not modest yeah so
it's really about a sensitivity to your
surroundings where you are what you're
doing and how you carry yourself and and
empowering a woman to feel like she
doesn't have to sexualize herself in
order to be valued all right I want to
ask you about media coverage and the
impact that you're having but I'm going
to ask you to sit tight because we're
doing a couple of different fashion
genres in the program today so for Hema
and higher and Simmi keep watching the
show we're talking about more fashion
but we'll be back with you in a couple
of minutes now the runways of Milan
Paris and New York are coming off the
bag of own really successful year of
inclusivity and great strides are being
made in fact one publication even found
that 2017 was the most diverse year in
fashion but the major fashion houses
have been slow to reflect the popularity
of plus-size fashion on social media
here's Francisca neomu she's the CEO and
founder of plus-sized fabulosity in
Kenya you can access fashionable pieces
you know online or you know in the shops
and all this is because of the work that
we have put into show designers and
stockist and there is a big market that
needs not to be not anymore and we look
forward to having more collections that
are size inclusive that embrace the
plus-sized community to make them look
fashionable to make them look and feel
confident about the
sells and you know at the end of the day
it's about being body-positive being
inclusive in the fashion industry and we
hope to see this change going forward
and that will not reach it but forever
make positive difference in the society
so we're talking plus-sized models with
us on the phone Trey Campbell is a
songwriter and plus-size model for ASOS
he recently walked in men's fashion week
in New York and Charlie Stewart rusyn is
a fashion blogger writing about
plus-sized fashion really good to have
you both on the show okay let me just
recreate a moment that we had in that
editorial meeting yesterday I said out
loud but I didn't think that plus-size
was a pejorative word and there Malika
said if you look at penny she is
probably not characterized by many
people as plus-size it's something it's
something similar to what I said but it
actually that terminology is something
that we got online we just got this via
YouTube misty Knight says why do people
say so-called
when it comes to plus-size clothing to
me that's an admittance that people are
aware that plus-sized clothing doesn't
encompass true plus-sized people charlie
terminology is so difficult here what do
you call this genre yeah so I use the
term plus-size I am very very happy to
call myself plus-size some people find
it offensive the plus in terms of what
size it covers I think it's really how
you identify I'm on the edge of kind of
plus-size in that I can shop in straight
mainstream shops and shops that are
catered for the larger woman but even
when it comes to your kind of plus-size
fashion it excludes a lot of plus-size
women so your if you over say a UK size
28 which is going to be US size 24 I
think you're probably not going to be
out shopping a lot of the plus-size
stores out there so things are getting
better in terms of being able to shop in
stores but yeah plus-size it's such a
massive spectrum
today I'm really curious Charlie was
gonna bring in Trey here because he also
is a plus-size model - I'm really
curious about how would you describe the
way the main fashion industry treats
people who are not a size that's petite
or built with abs how would you describe
that that situation well unfortunately I
feel like the fashion industry hasn't
taken note of what the majority of
fashion consumers are a lot of fashion
consumers come in all different shapes
and sizes so for me I think it's a good
business move just to be paying
attention to who the actual consumers of
fashion are describe your size it's not
the real ways to describe it you
describe you we're looking at pictures
of youth yeah so I'm 511 yes I am 275
pounds so I'm definitely a bigger guy
and you all were talking about the term
plus haha I personally love the term
plus because me Plus is a positively
connotated word plus means more and I
definitely have like more personality I
have more to love and I think that's
definitely a positive thing I own the
term I love the owning of it I want to
bring in one other voice this is someone
on Twitter Jacqueline Jackie Mary says
it is the responsibility of designers to
make people who are larger or don't have
off the rock rack figures feel qualified
to be consumers and the same goes for
diversifying the beauty standard with
different kinds of model looks so Trey I
know that there was one complete company
in particular that made you feel valued
as a customer tell us about that
definitely so as a bigger guy it's
difficult to go into a lot of the bigger
retail companies and find apparel that
first and foremost makes you feel
comfortable and then secondly that fits
well so a dear friend of mine told me
about the company ASOS who is pretty
much ahead of the trend when it comes to
being all inclusive with sizing I
ordered a couple of things online I
think the top of last year they came to
me in two days they have two days
shipping and the fit was incredible I
found it like astounding that an online
retail brand was able to get my fit so
well without like me actually going into
store and trying on something so I'm a
so for life let me just bring him back
back in a hi-yah and see me and for Hema
I'm just wondering if all of you
listening to each other
are you a movement for Hema do you feel
that what you're doing is a movement or
you're part of a movement to open up the
fashion industry and it's really great
to see that it's finally you know
they're finally picking up a lot of
designers are trying to be more body
inclusive they're trying to be more you
know we have big designers trying to
create a job we have Christian Siriano
which is one of my favorite designers he
always has plus-size models so I think
it's a great movement that's happening
right now in the world and hopefully it
keeps going and getting better and
easier
Charlie I wouldn't break up something
that we got some interesting feedback
from our online community we asked do
designers have a responsibility to be
more inclusive hey Leland writes in the
word responsibility makes inclusivity
sound like a burden I think with the
current state of the world and every
other industry inclusivity is a natural
progression in order to not only ensure
self acceptance but also for designers
to survive as businesses would you agree
with that Charlie yeah I think it's not
really about responsibility it's about
genuinely being nice people and being
inclusive you know I think what I'm
getting from this with the modest
fashion as well we want diversity and we
want choice and we want designers and
fashion houses to give us that they're
kind of getting better at it but
ultimately they're not inclusive and
they need to start listening to people's
demands and people's needs and realizing
that we need
choice Trey I'm just wondering if we
took social media out of this mix the
fact that we can see you and see Charlie
and see hyoeun simian for Hema your
vision of the kind of fashion that you
want to wear if we took social media out
of the mix what do you think it'd be
honestly I think we would still be in
the same place yeah as few years ago
yeah I think because body positivity and
visibility is such a big thing in social
media it brought the cause to the
forefront it's brought the cause to
mainstream attention so honestly I'm
really thankful for social media for
connecting so many people and bringing
awareness
I just like to add that I think this
whole responsibility of being inclusive
is that thankfully to social media it's
not just a movement it's more of a
community so it automatically when we
feel part of a community and when others
feel part of a community of plus-size
models and different interfaces that
make people feel comfortable to cover up
more or to show amazing pictures of
themselves even if they're wearing a
size 28 being part of a community allows
someone to say oh hey I love doing this
and it gives them more of a sense of
power and freedom to continue doing it
actually they also is educating the
designers on what you know who their
consumer is and we are the consumers so
if we do you know share our voice and
share our needs then it is their
responsibility and if they're not owning
up to that responsibility then they
might not you know they might not
survival they might want to have that
same connection to their customers in
their community and that's what we hope
to do because we listen and we feel like
we are connected we appears with our our
customers and without because it's more
of a community that's why so I want to
throw one other thing at you this is a
headline that we saw not too long ago
New York Fashion Week calendar adds
category for a unisex and non-binary
fashion we actually got a video comment
from someone who's talking about opening
up that realm on the runways this is
April and this is what they told us
those fashion isn't new until the 20th
century consider the age of five we're
dressed identically regardless of gender
the rise of general is fashion comes
from a desire for a more inclusive
society this is not a fashion trend but
a grassroots movement of individuality
and authenticity so see me I'm scrolling
through their Instagram right now
Rickett dot co clothes that transcend
gender just going down that right now
how important do you think mainstreaming
yourselves is is is that acceptance
something that you are looking for for
me mm-hmm I think I think the whole idea
of mainstreaming what we want to share
is very important because it's sharing
it's sharing an attitude and it's
sharing a vision of inclusivity of
saying that we designed for ourselves us
as women we can be who we want to be
regardless of how much skin we are
showing or not so the whole idea of
inclusivity and mainstreaming what we're
doing is very important because it's
more of a voice it's just as much a
voice as it is a fashion label that just
appeals to the aesthetic senses I just
showed a picture of you two on on vogue
no less congratulations and there are
lots of stories for humor about his job
charlie you finally the pressin are now
chasing you too I'm just wondering how
the media is reacting cuz that that
helps get the word out charlie me not so
much
I think a barrier to people actually
saying it it's okay to be different
sizes
we're okay about showing that yeah I
think it's definitely getting better
there are some rebate bloggers out there
who are featured very heavily Dany Vania
who's a big blogger over in the UK has
just partnered with an amazing fashion
band here and all of the newspapers have
picked up on it the issue with that is
it comes with a lot of calling it's kind
of scary for a plus-size woman to go on
something big and go in a newspaper
because
you know that you're going to get
criticized for afterwards the hate
around it is terrible so you kind of
have to grow a tough skin what would you
say to people to make them understand
what it is that you're trying to do so
they might just maybe take a pause
before they start trolling you I think
it's just I'm human you know just
because I'm that doesn't mean I'm not
human
I still like fashion I still have
friends and family I still like to you
have interests and hobbies and I am
human just because I doesn't mean I'm
not charlie here's someone who would
completely agree with you though I think
most people that are watching our show
would completely agree with you this is
the curvy fashionista who says in a
perfect world I wouldn't be relegated to
shopping online only I could walk into
every store knowing they'd carry my size
and style aesthetic masses would have
race and size diversity there wouldn't
be ignorant comments made and we'd be
fully welcomed and celebrated Trey in
the last few seconds of our show here
what would be your perfect world in a
perfect world we would just be more open
to diversity I think we're in a day and
age where so much is in the mainstream
in social media and I think we just need
to be aware and to celebrate our
differences instead of tearing each
other down because of those differences
I personally believe that those
differences and the diversity of the
world are what makes it such a beautiful
place to live and try and charlie and
hire and Sue me and Fatima thank you for
making the show so incredibly stylish
three before you go you were on New York
Fashion Week and you walked that catwalk
in three words what was that experience
like it was exciting and I don't know I
think a game-changer I'm hoping that
this is going to inspire other designers
and other retailers to follow in a
social footsteps and being more body
positive and I started to include very
nice okay Trey and Charlie and higher
Mahima thank you for making this stream
extremely stylish we appreciate that
you'll be following you online and you
can follow Malika and I always at
hashtag eight a stream thanks for
watching everybody
take
