Egypt's former army chief of staff Sami
Anan is said to have secret documents
that could be released if he's
threatened with a controversial election
just weeks away how will this case be
played out and is there a rift within
the army this is inside story
hello and welcome to the program I'm
Mohammed Jim Jim Egypt has gone from one
political crisis to the next since a
military coup in 2013 now with
presidential elections just weeks away
the situation appears to get worse last
month
former army chief of staff general Samy
Annan announced he would stand for
elections only to be arrested some weeks
later his former aide and Egypt's once
state auditor Hisham gana
was arrested on Tuesday during an
interview with The Huffington Post
Arabic Network on Monday
Janina had said he would release secret
documents that could implicate senior
government leaders if Anan is harmed in
any way here's some of what he had to
say I'd hoped an opportunity to be given
to the chief of staff Samy Annan to give
a testimony freely and without
intimidation for the record so that all
things come clear before the public is
his testimony mere hearsay are supported
with evidence he is in possession of
documents and evidence which is not kept
here in Egypt you mean out of Egypt
yes could these pieces of evidence
change the course of trials of course no
doubt could they incriminate many yes
janaina also spoke of what he said was
an assassination attempt against Egypt's
former vice president and longtime spy
chief arm of Suleiman in 2012 the
egyptian government said Suleiman died
in the u.s. from health problems but
some have questioned that statement the
assassination attempts on Omar Suleiman
has not been revealed
we told who was behind the attempt these
are the facts that everyone knows among
the facts that need to be brought to
light the Egyptian army fired back
saying ganas allegations amount to
crimes aimed at casting doubt at the
state's credibility and its institutions
at a time its forces are fighting in
Sinai to root out what it calls
terrorism it went on to say the armed
forces will use all the rights it is
guaranteed by the Constitution to
protect national security and preserve
its honor and dignity the investigation
will be referred to the relevant
legislative bodies who will be taking
legal action against both defendants
let's take a closer look at this case
retired general Sami Anan announced he
would run for president last month with
his military background many saw him as
a strong challenge
to President Abdel Fattah el-sisi but
two weeks later the army arrested him
accusing him of not receiving proper
permission to run and forging documents
his campaign was suspended indefinitely
shortly after Alan's arrest his aide and
former state auditor Hisham gana was
seriously injured in a suspected
kidnapping attempt in Cairo the interior
ministry said ganado was hurt during a
dispute over a car accident let's bring
in our guests joining us on skype from
Cairo Timothy called us non-resident
fellow at the - Harriet Institute for
Middle East policy in London well
Mustafa founder and chairman of the
British Arab Network and author of Egypt
the elusive Arab Spring and in Zurich
also on skype
Majid Mandir political analyst and
columnist of chronicles of the Arab
revolt on open democracy thank you all
for joining us
Timothy let me start with you just how
serious do you the do you think these
threats by mr. Gallo are reasonably that
they really probably do have something
with respect to the with respect to the
regime I think realistically given non
ends position as the chief of the armed
forces he was privy to a lot of a lot of
what went on and and I mean we know that
many crimes were committed so as a
matter of the who has evidence to
support the information and so there's
there's really no reason not to believe
that that evidence exists somewhere it
would also help explain why I men took
the risk of running when he clearly
didn't have enough internal support
within the regime to guarantee his
ability to stay out of prison so perhaps
he feels that this is going to be what
was some that would have protected him
it remains to be seen if that's actually
the case
well if do you have any idea of what
kind of secret documents the mr. gana
may be referring to and who possibly
they could implicate firstly I would say
that renina is probably one of the most
credible civil servants in Egypt and in
cover he uncovered the billions of
dollars disappearing into secret
accounts I think he must know something
because this man have got a huge
credibility and he doesn't say anything
which really doesn't have pays for it
and this well he was one of the top
assistants for general UNAM and general
and then no doubt knows a lot what was
going on particularly during the
uprising 2011 what the army was passing
some fags and some security people
Musca dealing as citizens to destroy the
uprising and as well snipers from the
top of the buildings he knows very well
and he can implicate some senior
generals
who are alive and probably very active
in running Egypt at the moment
Majid Egyptian media is now reporting
the Samians lawyer and son are denying
these claims by mr. GU naina
any idea why
well the well is really very hard to
tell but they might be subjected to a
pressure is I mean in the end we don't
know what they have and it's also a kind
of kind of important to to consider that
the crimes committed were a matter of
systematic policy so I don't know how he
can actually divulge this information
without implicating himself so that's
also kind of an open point for me I
don't know what he knows but at this
moment the situation is very fluid and
it's very hard to tell he knows
something but what he knows and to which
extent is he actually able to reveal
without actually implicating himself
remains an open point Timothy Hashem
Ghani and his family is now saying that
he has been detained that he has been
arrested since making these remarks so
if that's the case
does that lend credence does that Lin
validity to the idea that the army or
that president is Sisi in Egypt that
they are concerned about these documents
and that these documents actually exist
well I mean they're in a kind of a
catch-22 position right now and also I
don't think you nana played his hand
very very intelligently I I don't doubt
that he's a well-intentioned individual
but the the problem is if you have if
you do have documents implicating the
the top members of the regime and that
can demonstrate that they've committed
some sort of crime the value in the
threat is in doing it privately if you
say publicly that I have documents
proving that you're a terrible person
and if you don't do X Y & Z I'm going to
release them and then they do X Y and C
without touching canina then in in in
effect they're conceding that the
documents are real and that they are in
fact terrible people or whatever or
criminals or they violate human rights
or whatever the crimes delineating the
documents would show so if they leave
them alone they're they're actually kind
of also conceding that the documents may
have credence it's a I don't really
honor
I don't understand his thinking in terms
of saying this publicly it would have
made a lot more sense of thread that
privately well in that interview his I'm
gonna and it talks about the third party
and he mentions invisible fingers that
guided events during Egypt's revolution
who exactly is he referring to many at
Egypt believe that that's potentially a
reference to military intelligence that
at a time when the Fatah has c.c. was
leading that institution what do you say
to that I think putting pieces together
its points to general Sisi
personally and his closest advisors I
think it's a very damning issue
particularly and the pieces are coming
now that the military particularly
military intelligence and general
intelligence have worked extremely hard
to undermine the uprising in many ways
using propaganda and using
very hard and very cruel tactics like
shooting at people killing people
virtually snipers were hitting along the
brains of people I think it should be
exposed and I think the papers we should
know we should actually see these people
released to speak to us openly generally
main master Janina our general general
Sammy and then they should be released
and should not be mistreated because
they obviously that has been ransacked
the family of general Sammy are not
being detained and that says a lot of
things that si si panicked
Majid Samy Annan of course has been in
the news a lot this past month I mean he
was seen as a potentially very viable
threat to the Fatah Sisi in the
presidential elections here's a former
military man that's said to have broad
support among some members a high up in
the military in Egypt but the fact of
the matter is his candidacy was derailed
he's been detained where do things stand
for samy annan right now especially in
light of what a sham janaina is saying
well it's very difficult at the moment
because if they release him then there
will be a lot of a lot of questions
about the documents now and what does he
know so this is very unusual I'd say so
his future is very vague and it's very
difficult now to deal with him and I
think he has no choice but to actually
deny this and to reach some sort of an
agreement because he does not have the
support within the military that would
actually lend him the power to be able
to kind of get himself out of this
predicament okay
building on what Majid said Timothy I
want to ask
you the fact that that samy annan seemed
to have so much substantial support
among some military men a top-tier
military men in Egypt and was seen by
some to be a potential threat to the
candidacy of Arvin Fatah has c.c. did
that mean that president Sisi may have
been losing important support in his
presidential bid and does that also
point to a potential rift or schism
within the armed forces in Egypt well I
think that given how swiftly and
decisively they handled Semyon ends
announcement for running for president
some of the talk about schisms within
the armed forces and and how Matic they
are may be wishful thinking right it
might be the case that while there are
some people that aren't terribly pleased
with CC they might like I meant to the
to go to the point where they would
actually support like a change and like
bring things to a head publicly I don't
I don't think that there was that many
high of ranking people who were for that
and how things have gone kind of
indicate that's the case which is I
think also a signal they're hoping to
send by being so flagrant in the in the
way they're they're handling this
election and not really allowing for any
serious dialogue but the threat that I
meant posed wasn't that he was going to
become president of Egypt that's not a
realistic prospect the threat that Iran
posed was that having somebody of his
stature former chief of the armed forces
then two months criticizing both Sisi
and the role of the institution the
military and politics which he did in
this campaign announcement that could do
a lot of damage to the standing of both
Sisi and the military as a whole I mean
he really went for the the the third
rail which is to criticize the role the
institution of military and government
that's that's even riskier than
criticizing Sisi himself and so by going
that far and the prospect has been doing
that for months and up to the election I
can that that for me is probably the
biggest threat that you pose and why
they decided that they need to lock him
up well if I want to talk also about the
intelligence services in Egypt you have
military intelligence
you also have general intelligence now
president Sisi he was formally in charge
of military intelligence recently he
replaced Khalid fuzzy who had led
general intelligence since December 2014
with abbas kamil who
close to CC and who's a retired Army
General so what does that say to you
about the state of affairs in the
intelligence services and about any
potential rivalries between the
different branches there has always been
rivalry between the military
intelligence and general intelligence
bearing in mind the bosom and military
controlled and controlled by generals
from the military but certainly general
intelligence were not supporting cc's
that's why he rushed and put his head of
office as interim head of general
intelligence last few weeks I think
there is some turbulence in the military
establishment obviously there is a
problem because I think a non general
and on have sensed the huge discontent
among the public that's why he appealed
to the public he appealed to civilians
he appealed to several movements and
Egypt to get out of the military rule
that's why he probably angered some
military ranks by siding with the public
which I think was a very clever thing
although he paid price for it and I
think it's very important to make sure
that Anan is not been hurt I think they
should be pressure from the major powers
on CC to make sure this man is released
and he's not been badly treated or
mistreated in prison and he should not
be in prison to start with he Organa or
anybody else because there's so many
people in prison imagine building on
what were field said there do you think
that there will be pressure put on
president Sisi on the Egyptian
government by allies of Egypt to release
these former candidates because US
Secretary of State Rex Olson was just in
Cairo and we didn't hear any concerns
publicly from him about this about the
state of affairs in Egypt when it comes
to jailing political opponents
imprisoning journalists a human rights
workers any
like that as you I don't really see this
happening I would be very surprised if
there is if there is international
pressure as you well know the human
rights records of the regime is
absolutely horrendous so an N is not the
first and he won't be the last and human
rights now is especially related to to
the Middle East is not a decisive factor
in determining Western foreign policy so
I would be extremely shocked if there is
any form of international pressure no I
don't see this happening actually
Timothy with these looming presidential
elections next month that more and more
critics and observers are calling an
outright farce and saying that this is
not going to be democratic or or free or
fair in any way what is the Egyptian
public what are they saying about it
what is their sentiment towards these
elections they believe that these will
be carried out in a correct way and a
fair and free manner of course not I
mean everybody knows it's a it's a chap
I think that the I mean the durjan
public knew that before it started right
the world is coming to you know coming
to see that as well but I mean nobody
really thought that Sisi was going to
actually that his that his second term
was in an age where Harold I was never
something that you know the vast
majority of Egyptians ever believed I
mean the government is not a habits way
to make it very clear that there's there
will be no real election come March but
even before they had done anything there
weren't a lot of people suspecting a
serious competition and they hadn't they
have little reason to expect such a
thing given the repression that we would
see for years so no I mean the it's a
foregone conclusion the question is what
will the regime to to up turnout so that
it's not in better it's not too
embarrassing but beyond that I mean they
yeah they they made sure there was some
fake and that they would run somebody
was already campaigning for Sisi is now
running against him but beyond that
they've
they removed everybody from the election
basically well vehicle at this point you
you essentially only have one other
candidate running against president Sisi
you have a very obscure politician named
Musa Mostafa Musa why even allow him to
run at this point what does Sisi have to
gain by that it's really I think Sisi in
a big trap and he doesn't know what to
do and getting someone who's very know
not known in public nobody ever heard
his name
I met him accidentally once in Cairo
about 10 12 years ago and he's a very
lightweight if no weight at all I think
Sisi is in a big trouble particularly
his moment came with the arrest and
detention of general Annan and Yanina
and their families I think he is in a
big big trouble
and the world good to see that because
Egypt is very important
we don't want Egypt to fail as a country
we want Egypt to survive a state and I
think this carry on is not going to help
the matters the public in Egypt is very
unhappy the country is no transparency
there's many thousands in prisons
intimidation in daily basis people being
killed it's just the country cannot run
this way week to week
imagine if Sammy Annan does indeed have
these incriminating documents that sham
canina claims that he has why would he
not have used them by now well let's not
forget that he's a military man
and he was the second in command so it
really depends on what are in those
documents as I said it might actually
implicate him himself because this was
not only kind of a one-off incident it
was a matter of systematic
policy so and it was the military
establishment I mean a man is not a hero
himself he was part of this regime and
he remains a part of it so we just have
to see if those documents exist what's
in those documents and how far is he
willing to release them this is his kind
of last resort if he really has to but
since it's public now the threat has
kind of lost its potency so we just have
to see what's gonna happen now
Timothy what's the level of public
support right now in Egypt for president
Sisi I mean it's it's definitely
declined since its peak in 2013 but he
still enjoyed a fair bit of support
within the country I mean there's it's
not necessarily that people love him
there's also there's some people to do
but then there's other people who just
feel like he's doing it a difficult job
that has to be done I mean I spoke to
one person who said he was gonna look
I'm just because despite the fact he
strongly disliked him that he felt like
the project that he's undertaken needs
to be completed I think that the the
question about molarity though it needs
to be couched in its context which is
that in the public sphere in media you
can't really criticize them so this is
it's untested popularity which is again
why I'm in campaigning for two months
was quite threatening this would be an
opportunity for somebody to actually
criticized Sisi publicly and forcefully
in a way that hadn't been the case
previously and so it could really it
could really fracture that very fragile
popularity that he that he still
maintains to some extent yeah that's how
I would look at the news popularity
imagine I'm gonna give you the last
point here the seventh anniversary of
the Egyptian revolution has come and
gone and many people in Egypt feel that
the situation is far worse now than it
was even under MOBOTIX rule what are
your thoughts on that as far as where
Egypt is right now under the rule of
President Sisi
sadly I would say that is true things
have not improved and it seems that the
trajectory is towards a decline rather
than an improvement and it's not just in
the democratic record it is in the human
rights field that's in the political
field the security the economy there is
massive mismanagement everywhere and it
seems that corruption has become a
matter of state policy so sadly I have
to say that that is the case well thanks
to all our guests we're gonna have to
leave it there
Timothy called us will Fiat Mustafa and
Majid man door and thank you too for
watching you can see the programme again
any time by visiting our website at
al-jazeera calm and for further
discussion go to our Facebook page
that's facebook.com forward slash AJ
inside story you can also join the
conversation on twitter our handle is at
AJ inside story for me Mohammed Jim Jim
and the entire team here bye for now
you
