the academic year has begun in Morocco
and students in the capital Rabat have
returned to school to find words from
the Moroccan dialects added to their
courses the language update is reviving
the debate on the status of the main
spoken language Arabic specifically
classic Arabic known as Posca and the
locally spoken arabic known as daddy
john whip
the application of moroccan dialects and
teaching at public institutions is a
violation to the constitution and a
violation of the requirements of the law
that puts the process of change and
development within the whole educational
system such an application will lead to
distorting the educational scene and the
linguistic scene Moroccans commonly
speak a language that mixes Arabic amazi
also known as Berber and foreign
languages such as French and Spanish
FASTA Arabic is one of the two official
languages but for the past 15 years or
so dari Djem which combines Arabic words
with local dialects has been
increasingly introduced the languages
debate is sparking another about the
kingdom's education system Moroccan
schools have a high dropout rate only
half of middle school students continue
on to high school and less than 15% of
them graduate the lack of trained
teachers and low attendance rates are
partly blamed and so is the conflict
between Derrida and classical Arabic
some say that reflects a confusion in
the government's language policy Ladino
def your own Al Arabiya those who defend
the Arabic language have to tell us what
is the outcome of Arab izing education
since 1980 on the other hand what do we
want from Moroccan dialects in the field
of education what is the function of
foreign languages what is the function
of the emesis language that is now in
education the debates may be old the
language even older but it's feared if
the government doesn't act more students
will drop out without an education Heba
morgen al Jazeera
