the powerful category for cyclone poor
roofs off buildings downed powerlines
toppled trees and flooded low-lying
areas it's believed cyclone Gaeta is the
worst storm to hit the tiny South
Pacific island nation in decades Tonga
is an archipelago comprising 169 islands
around 3,000 kilometers east of
Australia more than half of all homes
and buildings including congas
Parliament House are said to be damaged
or destroyed at nighttime it is even
more concerning because these issues we
were there and also there's a lot of fun
you know three completely disappeared in
the presidency so there's a lot of
rubbish on the roads
there's a lot of corrugated iron the
people the cyclone was packing winds of
230 kilometers per hour and emergency
management teams are now out assessing
the damage trying to clear roads and
working to restore power and water the
cyclone is now moving towards an area
south of Fiji it's expected to weaken
and bring rain and winds to New Zealand
by the weekend
Paul shudder G on al Jazeera
