I am femi okay you're in the stream
today is Uganda the best place in the
world to be a refugee I Mallika be loud
as always we are live on YouTube now if
you're watching us please do join the
conversation there and your comments
might appear on the show according to a
whole series of glowing headlines Uganda
is a paradise for refugees its policies
experts say are among the most liberal
in the world refugees can work and move
freely around the country many of their
children can access education and they
are even given a small plot of land and
the basic materials needed to build a
house but some critics say the reality
is less than perfect and that Uganda is
starting to buckle under the strain of
supporting such a huge number of new
arrivals
they also say that simplistic headlines
may prevent difficult questions being
tackled such as how to provide long-term
help to the refugees who need it so
before we start our conversation I want
to show you a map that illustrates where
the refugees are coming from in East
Africa in Somalia the fleeing war in
Burundi long-running political unrest
driving refugees into Uganda DRC fresh
from fighting in the east of the country
and South Sudan more than four years of
war with us today to discuss this issue
from Geneva Babar Baloch is the UNHCR
senior regional spokesperson in Kampala
ADK Ana baju is a member of parliament
representing the national female youth
constituency also in Kampala hilary onek
is the state minister for relief a
disaster preparedness and refugees joy
Dooku is a refugee from South Sudan
joining us from Aruba in Uganda and Al
Jazeera correspondent Malcolm Webb is in
Kampala thank you all for being part of
the stream today I want to start with
members of our community one in
particular who is a refugee himself this
is Arriba the creator on Twitter who
explains why he had to leave South Sudan
he says it was the last straw I gave up
hoping all would be well the uncertainty
was too much there were too many rumors
super inflation still no salary new
increased wave of crime and insecurity
hit the
traveling on the roads making movements
a life-or-death situation South Sudan
was inhospitable so we asked him what
his reception was like in Uganda and
whether the idea of Uganda being a
paradise for refugees was a
misconception and this is what he told
us not at all
Uganda is a paradise for refugees forced
out of South Sudan twice and in both
times Uganda was there for me thank you
Uganda joy as I'm reading that tweet
there and you're hearing his story can
you relate to it at all and do you agree
that your new home is a paradise yeah
sure my name home is a paradise because
like we have lands that we settle we
have a plot piece of cloud like 30 by 30
details that's very amazing of Uganda
Joe I have a picture of you I'm gonna
show it to everybody I'm here on my
laptop and this is some of your early
moments when you were in Uganda and you
are at the River Nile with your little
baby doing what your shopping
Uganda styles what are you what are you
shopping for I went for fish I went to
buy fish and try to sell fish it account
how are people around you that often
when you're in a new country it's the
people around you that make you either
feel welcome or unwelcome how are the
people around you who are not refugees
how's your community behaving towards
you the host community is very good
there is a very nice coexistence that's
why I am able to go to places where I'm
not able I've never been to but I'm able
to reach because of the coexistence
peaceful coexistence I want to show you
something from al Jazeera this is a
report from September of last year and
the report is South Sudan refugees face
major obstacles in Uganda you will
recognize the reporter it is Malcolm
let's have a little little listen to it
Priscilla rebenga says she fled her
village in South Sudan last year when
soldiers killed her neighbors with
machetes this refugee settlement in
Uganda is her new home and this muddy
hole is for now a source of water
she says the trucks that bring clean
water haven't
for days the biggest challenge here is
water we have had no clean water for
four days and when it comes I'm too old
and weak to stand and wait in line
welcome Priscilla tells a very different
story there when you're hearing these
glowing reports of refugees in Uganda is
there another side to this story that we
need to understand and appreciate - with
that for me yeah there's more than one
side I mean with regards to describing
Uganda as a paradise I mean you've got
to understand that any host country is a
relatively good option for anyone that
yeah you've meet who's fled a conflict
at home but some of these conflicts at
home you know some of the people or the
places they're fleeing from these are
some of the you know some of the worst
conditions in the world places that are
extremely poor in the first place
conflicts we've had widespread reports
of sexual violence atrocities committed
against civilians ethnically targeted
violence and you know this is why people
are leaving by their you know by their
hundreds of thousands from you know from
several countries in this region so what
they get at the other end of course it's
it's better than that it's relatively
better than that but that of course
doesn't mean it's in any way you know in
itself a good life they've gone from
being the rural poor in one country to
you know to a marginalized group in
another with regards to the story we
just saw there then we traveled around
the camps and very quickly ran into to
this water problem in a certain area of
one of the camps in northern Uganda
where many people had fled over the
previous 18 months or two years from
South Sudan I mean that problem was
acute at that time we understand that
one was since resolved but from my
experience not just in Uganda but from
countries all over this region where we
visited camps if you do move around
especially if you move around without
officials or aid workers and all the
rest it's actually very common to find
complaints from people on the ground
made me about security maybe about
safety maybe about delivery of
humanitarian services
in this case the water was meant to have
been paid for months before by donors
who'd come to visit you gone there the
people there were complaining that you
know they don't raised this many times
with the people here they were meant to
raise it with them nothing had happened
but they did say that after our story
were immediately after our story there
was some improvement I don't know how
the situation is now but every other
time told us it was a temporary problem
that they know they were trying to fix
and that they had ultimately fixed
minister onac one of the things that
people are talking about online is how
many refugees uganda is hosting and that
are coming we saw that map earlier of
the places there they're coming from and
there's an estimated 1.3 million
refugees that's often been reported that
are in uganda and we got this tweet from
doug who says one thing that needs to be
noted is an inflation of the refugee
numbers Minister Nick can you talk to us
about why some people believe that this
number may not be the actual number and
and and the story behind that thank you
very much Loretta over the last one year
and about two months where Uganda has
received over 1 million four hundred and
ten thousand people from the countries
that you're showing shown in you are in
your display from South Sudan of 1.1
million approximately from the public of
Congo it is the data the city has grown
higher than two hundred and forty
thousand you are showing over the last
two weeks we received 30,000 most from
Belize and more affluent love coming
into the country we did sudden influx
from originally four hundred thousand
years approximately to 1.4 million the
over 1 million influx has created
challenges in the in our administration
together with the United National
Commission for Refugees and agencies
that are involved in giving services
refugees the impact was sudden and fast
so there could have been short for
shortcomings here and there but of
course some bad people Samantha
scrupulous in society out of 12
districts that cause refugees we have
about 15 settlements for the refugees
and with this big large number suddenly
suddenly right number the management of
these refugees pose challenges because
some bad individuals is reported to have
inflated figures in one of the camps one
of the refugee camps and our reaction
was immediate on the 2nd of January I
immediately called the police commander
and asked him to immediately take up the
matter and investigate so as to
establish the facts and meanwhile we
suspended actually interdicted the
officers involved which we suspect could
have been involved in those areas
this included the Commissioner for
Refugees in our country we are suspended
him and have also suspended three other
officers who are involved in the relief
management to pave way for fair
investigation and when found guilty we
are going to act on them citizen what is
the first of its found guilty he found
dirty definitely we shall be put in jail
and all right Thank you Thank You
Minister Bob I want to bring you into
the conversation here
I received just a few hours before our
broadcast tweet from the communications
advisor to the prime minister of Uganda
he wanted to share this statement with
us and it says the office of the Prime
Minister has received reports alleging
that there been mismanagement of funds
and other resources meant to cater for
refugees and house communities in the
country then it goes on to say I want to
assure the country and our partners that
any form of
corruption or misuse of public funds in
this and other sectors cannot be
tolerated admitting that there is a
problem emitting that there is a scandal
that has to be addressed does this then
put a black check in the mark of
Uganda's saying hey we're great with
refugees look at how well we're doing
mr. Minister I'm just gonna go to Bubber
because he is from the UNHCR for the
region I really want to get his take on
this Thank You mr. Minister we need to
welcome the resolve that have been shown
at the highest level our High
Commissioner for Refugees Filippo grandi
was in Kampala he met and we discussed
all these issues and brought this to his
attention he has assured us that there
will be responsibilities fixed and
individuals were responsible for this
will be brought to justice it's very
important for us there's no tolerance
and this is just not acceptable that aid
that has gone in to help the world's
most desperate should go and and and be
misused so that's why we're working with
the Ugandan government hand in hand in
terms of putting in place the
verification validation process
biometrics in terms of trying to get the
number of fix but also all the
individuals who have done this they have
done at this service to Uganda and to
Uganda's repetition as a welcoming and
generous country for all the people who
are fleeing war and conflict in Africa a
decay Obama says that there's no
tolerance for this what are you finding
you have refugees as part of your
constituency do you find there's no
tolerance for corruption when it comes
to aid and helping refugees well thank
you very much I have mixed feelings
about how the office of the Prime
Minister has handled funding in previous
instance
it's not the first time a corruption
scandal is hitting the office of the
Prime Minister in regard to the use of
public funds previously the scandal has
even ended in the conviction of some
people that are working for the office
of the Prime Minister I think for an
issue like managing the funds for
Refugees the office of the Prime
Minister should have been more more
careful and established better systems
to ensure that the money would not be
lost in the first place but well now
that the milk has been spilt we're
waiting to see how the office of the
Prime Minister is going to respond and
if they are going to follow this to
finality because the other thing is that
many times investigations are done and
they go quiet I know in his birth to
book and the story just remains on the
shelves and there's no follow-up on it
so for an issue like this you know that
eludes of human beings who have taken
refuge in Uganda are at stake I think
it's important for us to keep our eyes
fixed on the office of a prime minister
and to follow the course of justice to
make sure that actually the funds are
accounted for and also it's not just
about finding out that the funds were
lost in the process we also need to
intergate the possibility of returning
these funds because the beneficiaries
still deserve them so I I would like to
see a more iron-fisted approach from the
office of a prime minister especially
being knowledgeable about the poor
performance and the corruption scandals
that have previously been suffered by
the same office and also this is very
important to sort of bring back public
public trust and n donor confidence into
all these issues that's why we remain
hopeful that this whole process will be
seen through with
investigation with responsibility being
fixed because let's not forget this is
about desperate refugees we are all in a
humanitarian service and and there's
just no excuse to let this happen and
let it go because if we don't
investigate and restrain it the systems
that means this till the service
delivery will be very poor and the
persons of concerns will suffer and
that's me so it's really for you
initiate Ola I'll have to clarify one
thing that there has been in many
government operations here and there
there has been misdeeds by some wrong
individuals those referred to by the
Honorable Member of Parliament of the
previous scandals they are in jail they
will say they Indian right now serving
jail so we are well the point is the
judicial we cannot interfere with the
judicial system if the judicial system
cannot imply I cannot impose that on the
whole the culprits then the prime
ministers of these hands are off because
we surrender them systems I want to
bring in one more perspective and
minister I hear you joy I hear what
you're saying I want to bring this in
just to throw this into the mixer this
is from Rosabelle she says the role of a
Sabini in these conflicts shouldn't be
overlooked four sets the president I
think it is insulting if you tell South
Sudanese that our policy is good to them
as refugees if our regional policies
aren't making them safer in their home
country in terms of free movement and
provision of settlements Uganda has done
great but as we host more refugees
there's worried that refugees become
another income generating scheme for the
regime the latest fund scandal is a tip
of the iceberg so that's on one hand
that's
who says we have to be looking at our
own government there is someone go I
want to get I want to give in the other
side of that argument because it's a
two-sided argument why there is someone
and I'll keep other this to Minister I
will give this to you this is a video
comment we got from cbt have a listen
Minister have a listen I want I want you
to hear the other side of this argument
from someone who says actually Uganda is
being used as a pawn by Western powers
this is Bernard he's a researcher in
Kampala pub listen the fact that we have
an open-door policy to refugees in a way
I also praise are all in testing a
positive light on the government of
their own serving president y7 that was
in part why he sent soldiers to Somalia
why we have troops in the centrifugal
public in South Sudan and these other
countries in sub-saharan Africa is
because we are in part doing the bidding
for Western powers so Minister he says
Uganda's doing the bidding of other
Western countries what do you make of
these two arguments first of all we do
not handle resources or monies from the
United Nations as government our role
only stops receiving the refugees giving
them sanctuary in the settlements and
providing security for their well-being
and of course to some extent we allow
them into our schools into our health
centers and we give them treatment with
smile and that hospitality is what they
call paradise but of course the United
Nations through one Food Program they go
and the supplied food these refugees who
are actually registered biometrically
and instead of using their biometric
means to supply food and they just
simply if they pay just a list of of
refugees and some of which might need
checking and they don't check it and
they distribute food to wrong
individuals and that is where the
problem
that's why we are going to revalidate
again afresh all the registered refugees
to Installer in future there'll be no
more giving suppliers wrong individuals
any money yeah Malcolm Malcolm scandal
alleged scandal first came out then
we're both the government to the Uganda
and UNHCR have been saying that
biometric registration of all the
refugees needs to begin but twice in the
last year I've seen in western Uganda
Congolese refugees and in northern
Uganda South Sudanese refugees being
registered their fingerprints are taken
a photograph taken by Ugandan government
already crossed officials then there's
data recorded in a database on you know
and a set of laptops which I assume
they've looked a lot like a biometric
database so I'm just puzzled why if this
you know this database has apparently
been being used in the field for for
maybe the last year and now now there's
a dispute I mean even after such a
database you know exists I don't see why
there should be a dispute about why why
that
yes exactly I think the way things have
happened there was a disruption until
2015 there was biometric registration
then there was a disruption now after
seeing all these in raising our concerns
the government has agreed for unity our
to reintroduce the biometric
registration system we have had a team
on the ground in Uganda and we are
bringing in all which is required to
Reeve Arif I and revalidate all the data
which is for us is very important this
leads to donor trust also public are
looking at us but let's let's not forget
for for the actions of few individual we
need to be careful that we don't punish
Uganda as a whole for the generous
generosity it has shown I mean let's not
get when or when a million refugees came
to Europe in 2015 what happened the
whole continent was struggling and here
you have this gesture of generosity and
even as we are talking today there were
around 3,000 refugees who arrived
through Lake Albert from the DRC so
Uganda is still there with all the open
policies to show the world what we need
to see is better management but we
should not forget that this is not the
time for donors to look the other way
this is time to stand in solidarity with
Uganda to fix the system I hate Bob
about doing his job as a UNHCR senior
regional spokesman what I hear you
saying though is it's about attitude
it's about an attitude to refugees that
says come live with us
not necessarily don't come here let me
end with joy Joe I'm gonna show
everybody a picture of your grandma here
on my laptop there's a happy story to
your grandma because she was in South
Sudan tell us a story briefly what
happened yeah I was in Uganda in August
and she was left behind because she's
not able to come from the village
there's no way she could be brought I
managed to raise some money and send her
through a boda boda
and she was brought to me as I talk
right now this is not registered and
she's living with me in the house I'm
sharing my food with her so that's
another challenge that we do have people
we live with not registered because they
use different way of entering into the
settlement okay not yeah not through the
entry points but through other ways but
they're within the settlement so we urge
that if the office of the Prime Minister
can you're grabbing your grabbing your
moment because we do have the minister
here with us we are wrapping up the
conversation we appreciate you joy and
Malcolm a DK Baba and Minister Annette
for being in this conversation about
refugees in Uganda Malika how did the
conversation go down online oh and this
tweet from Brian who says Ugandan were
naturally very welcoming folks we
believe there's always space for
on the issue of refugees is one that we
don't take lightly but also it saddens
me that best politicians and government
officials we're trying to embezzle money
off of it
Malika and I will always see you online
hashtag a day stream thanks for watching
everybody
take care
