as more questions are asked about sexual
exploitation by Oxfam staff in Haiti the
international charities fighting to save
its reputation ahead of a meeting with
Oxfam bosses in London Britain's
International Development Secretary
warned they must be transparent about
what happened in 2011 or risk losing
government funding worth 43 million
dollars last year
if the moral leadership at the top of
the organization isn't there then we
cannot have you as a partner I would
also just note that there are enormous
numbers of people who are doing good
work and they're good people working
Oxfam and they have been portrayed in
this as well the charity's been hit by
reports it's country director for Haiti
Roland van how ameerin was alleged to
have invited prostitutes to a villa
rented for him by Oxfam following the
2010 earthquake the organization says it
did investigate at the time and fired
four people while allowing three others
including mr. van how're my Rijn to
resign what those few privileged men in
Haiti did was to betray the trust of our
supporters our donors and to betray the
thousands of hard-working Oxfam staff
who put themselves out risk their lives
to do this work of saving people's lives
children's lives on Monday it emerged
that back in 2006 when Vann how Amira
was Oxfam's country director in chat
concerns were also raised about
employees using sex workers their hours
later Oxfam's deputy chief executive
penny Lawrence resigned saying the
organization failed to adequately act on
the allegations concerning both Chad and
Haiti Oxfam has announced a series of
measures in response to the scandal it
says it's improving its recruitment and
vetting process and setting up a new
independent helpline for people to
report abuse but some industry insiders
say there's a wider culture of denial
warning for years predatory pedophiles
have been allowed to target the aid
sector Andrew MacLeod a former senior
adviser to the United Nations agrees
he's calling for prosecutions we've got
to fix this aid workers and the aid
industry needs to be full of humility
now there are very very many good aid
workers out there and certainly not
every aid worker is a paedophile far
from it
the systemic problem is the culture of
the industry the paternalism and just
think of Oxfam not even reporting it to
the local police what was going through
their head charities like Oxfam are
going to be under intense scrutiny from
politicians here in Britain how their
response could determine not just how
much government money they continue to
get but how much goodwill they continue
to receive from the general public and
that could be their biggest concern
Nadine Barber al-jazeera London
