the number of child soldiers is
expanding in many war zones
according to the UN tens of thousands of
children are involved in conflicts in
over 20 countries around the world so
what should be done to stop this
practice this is inside story
hello and welcome to the program I'm
Mohammed Jim Jim monday marks the
International Day Against the use of
child soldiers it's a problem that shows
no sign of ending in fact many rights
groups and the UN say it's getting worse
there are tens of thousands of children
around the world putting their lives at
risk and the global effort to fight this
doesn't have the money it needs in 2015
less than 1% of the estimated 174
billion dollars of international aid was
spent on this issue but it's not all
doom and gloom there has been some
progress at least 5,000 child soldiers
were released and integrated into
society last year in places like
Democratic Republic of Congo 167
countries have now ratified the
International treaty which bans the
conscription of children under the age
of 18 the UN has highlighted 14
countries where the problem is still a
concern
it's figures from last year's show more
than 3,000 children were recruited by
armed groups in Democratic Republic of
Congo around 40% are girls in northern
Nigeria UNICEF says Boko Haram used 83
children as so-called human bombs in the
first half of last year that's the
practice of forcing children to become
suicide bombers in 2017 the number of
child soldiers doubled in the Middle
East particularly in Yemen with more
than nearly 2,000 children some as young
as 10 recruited to fight and in South
Sudan at least 19,000 child soldiers are
involved in conflict the UN has obtained
the release of almost 2,000 child
soldiers so far in South Sudan but the
situation remains particularly alarming
Heba Morgan has been talking to a few
former child soldiers in the ambu these
moves are not new to John he's been
taught how to carry them out for the
past two years since he was 15 he didn't
learn the drills willingly John's one of
at least 700 children forcibly recruited
by the South Sudan's national liberation
movement there is the UN
we are going to the video cut it by
first you want to go alone or if Tech is
in that we want to work
do not accept if they found you do that
take you again by force the civil war in
South Sudan now into its fifth year has
killed thousands and displaced millions
many vulnerable kids were recruited by
armed groups to fight both boys and
girls such as 13 year old Sarah
right groups they nearly all armed
groups recruited children to fight the
South Sudan's national liberation
movement has recently released more than
three hundred children they were not
really first but their condition by then
fostered them and all over to get her to
stay so in fact we did not attend
papazilla so that they may be recruited
is their army to fight that's why you
see we have you decided also as we are
now in towns after the peace so we have
decided to release them so that they can
go to school or join their communities
nearly two thousand children have been
demobilized in the past five years but
they are being replaced according to
UNICEF the number of child soldiers in
the armed groups and armed forces has
been on the rise since they were in
December 2015 that despite all warring
sides agreeing to stop recruiting child
soldiers and releasing those already
enlisted but even for those who have
been demobilized life is a challenge
many children have been released have no
idea where their families are for others
fighting has become a way of life the
biggest challenge is reintegration it's
a process that takes time two to three
years for that child to go back home and
resettle we still have more kids to be
released so access big thing there we
need more kids to be released our real
concern is the reintegration of these
children so that they don't get
re-recruit again John and Sarah say they
don't want to return to the battlefield
but they also fear what lies ahead after
their past experiences and wonder if
they may be forced to fight again Hiba
morgan al jazeera lambu south sudan
let's bring in our guests joining us on
skype from Sierra Leone's capital
Freetown Ishmael Alfred
Charles a former child soldier who now
works as a program manager at Healey
international relief foundation in
London Rachel Taylor director of
programs at the UK based NGO child
soldiers International and from South
Sudan's capital Juba Brigadier General
Roy Quang spokesman for the South
Sudanese army welcome to you all
Charles we talk a lot on this program
about the horrors of war but you
experienced it as a child
first hand you were 14 when you were
forced to become a child soldier in
Sierra Leone could you tell our viewers
about what happened to you well it was
in a village called ke ma in Coral
district the diamond Pharaoh's districts
of Sierra Leone where we were in a bush
when as we were cooking the rebels will
always find the smoke that is going into
the air that's the way they actually
identify where people are actually
excited and so they were able to trace
off into the bush and then they appeared
in the bush and arrested all of us and
took us to the township of Kaiama in
sand or chip dominicana districts and so
there was where we were in Streeter and
he started teaching us how to shoot a
gun and also asked us to carry their
looted items so it was a whole process
which does not only take it daily I'm
only making its salary because of the
interview but it's a long process of
induction and indoctrination into
actually buying into GI colleges and
also understand firearms processes and
also how to maneuver in a circumstance
where government forces or the alcohol
which is the equals are fine at first I
was actually supporting the government's
Australia given time in out stead ending
the rivers activities so it was a whole
process wearing I never wanted to be
part of them
unfortunate so I was always looking for
rooms and opportunities to escape but
also have been cognizant of the fact
that if you're caught while you try to
escape you actually gonna be killed
immediately because they will see you as
a spy Rachel this is all very
complicated subject matter I want to try
to break this down a bit for the viewer
could you tell us what are the primary
causes of children being used by armed
groups in times of conflict in war I
think the use of children by armed
groups and even by state armed forces
has a very long history and although the
types of conflicts that we're seeing
nowadays have developed somewhat over
the previous century the reasons why
children and young people become
involved in these groups have remained
fairly constant primarily it's due to
lack of access to resources to education
to security primarily to food to
employment and in contexts where young
people see no other provider of these
kinds of things they often find that
they have no other option except to join
these groups so although there are a
great many children who are compelled to
a forced or abducted and join armed
groups that that way it's really
important to remember that for a lot of
young people it's not that they have
been forced in that manner that they've
been kidnapped and forced to fight but
that they had just simply have no other
options and that's an area where we need
to focus more resources as a preventive
measure general Quan when we're talking
about child soldiers South Sudan of
course is a flashpoint now last week
there was a report issued by Human
Rights Watch that found that commanders
from both government forces and rebel
groups have been abducting detaining and
forcing children some of them as young
as 13 into their ranks since the warring
party signed the agreement on the
resolution of the conflict in South
Sudan in August 2015 what is your
response to those allegations our last
point is that we in desperella do not
allow shall soldiers to be recruited
into a run and files where it happens in
and it comes to our notice we take a
sweep fraction the only two cases I know
of where adjusted in in form a unity
state in 2016 where it came to our
attention that we heard some shall
soldiers
in our hands and file and when committee
was sent we were able to register 16
sharks aldia's and that number and the
list was submitted to UNICEF and other
partners for demobilization and we have
ever since waited for the process to be
to be completed however we also have had
cases of shall soldiers that be
recruited by armed groups that were
eventually integrated into SPLA and one
particular good example is the presence
of shall soldiers with a copper copper
faction a rebel group that was absorbed
into s perla
some years back we know that they heard
about 300 - our soldiers the process of
integrating them into the army the
copper of action is in the process and
we we have said that they have 300 child
soldier that must be demoralized so it
is not widespread on the side of this
parallel we have her limited cases and
those cases are be registered with the
relevant authorities Charles you now
work with trying to help former child
soldiers could you tell us about what
kind of trauma they've experienced and
what is the rehabilitation process like
for them well very difficult situation
cuz like you know the former child
soldiers actually have very limited
coping mechanisms hence because during
the conflict in days what they want
we've been indoctrinated so understand
or two used to circumstances wearing you
can just loose
use or gone and whatever you have to
actually gets what you want
irrespective of who actually holds
that's probable or the food and so
that's actually a very sad situation
because it's in real times and on times
like now it doesn't happen that way
because it's no more and a jungle
justice as we used to call it it's now a
real justice situation is now a on a
democratized system where peace for
girls and you have to respect other
people so part of the propos that
do is to enable young people former
child soldiers to be able to have the
opportunity to go back to school and
become self-reliant and do training
program to train for most children in
programs for them and also do a lot of
psychosocial support which is the
biggest of what we do because we found
out that many of our calling young
people they have been disarmed but their
minds are still not the same even the
way they speak the tensions there India
to nation and the mana hat which they
want to do things still as a very long
way to showing very strong impacts of
psychosocial issues that's actually that
they live it with on a regular basis so
core of our program is a course research
methodology where we use those who are
from a child soldiers and those who are
not and we can be able to see exactly
what the challenges are and also we also
follow to the parents and those who are
actually gone forward to and marry and
then have kids were also studying those
kids and see how they are transferring
violent tendencies from one generation
to run on that's why the project is
called intergenerational impact of the
wall Charles thanks for joining us today
we really appreciate your time Rachel
the UN and other aid groups have said
that progress is being made in the
efforts to stamp out child soldiers the
use of children in conflicts but it's
not happening fast enough could you tell
us who are the worst offenders around
the world and and how is the effort to
end child soldiers going child soldiers
are used in conflicts around the world
they always have been there isn't really
a specific region where you would say
it's worse than another it's a simpler
case of where the conflicts are
happening so at the moment we see a huge
amount of conflict in the Middle East so
there are many child soldiers there
there are many child soldiers across
Africa in conflicts happening there in
the past but there were more in South
America in Colombia for example before
the end of the conflict so it's not
something where there's really there
isn't a culture where this is something
that happens particularly there is in a
particular conflict it's just
where the violence is where children are
they will inevitably be drawn in to some
extent or another so we've seen a lot of
progress in the sense of
standard-setting through States
ratifying the optional protocol against
use of child soldiers through other
developments that have come the safe
schools declaration to protect children
in conflict the Paris principles of an
kuva principles so there's a lot of
apparent will political will at that
level to address this issue but what
we're seeing is a failure for that to
implement on the ground and put simply
if you're in a conflict situation where
community structures where governmental
structures are so damaged and and so
incapable of functioning properly it's
very very difficult to prevent young
people from being drawn into that we
talk about it as if children were
recruited as a set moment and that they
were demobilized that they're released
and it's these are finite things which
happen and are done but that's not the
way it works in reality there's a long
process of being drawn in there can be a
long process of coming out again there
can be a lot of going back and forth you
have to look at the situations that
children are being reintegrated into if
you're in a conflict situation where
there is no education no employment no
safety for your family no access to food
you can't really talk about children
being reintegrated into society because
there isn't a functioning society to go
back to and that's why we continue to
see the problem persisting as much as it
has despite the efforts that have been
made to stop it because the conflicts
themselves are continuing and often they
are increasingly involving an element of
total community involvement we don't
have conflicts the way we did a hundred
years ago where there would be very
distinct separate military forces
battling it out on a battlefield today
what we see is something which is much
more pervasive that affects entire
countries communities areas so trying to
draw children out is very very difficult
let's now bring in another former child
soldier Ishmael Baer joins us from Abuja
Ishmael was a child soldier in Sierra
Leone now Ishmael tell us about the kind
of advocacy you're involved in to help
the thousands of children still trapped
in wars how do you go about raising
awareness well what I try to do and what
I did in my first book that I wrote was
to try and put a human face to the story
because often I think when people speak
about children and armed conflict
particularly in areas where this is not
an issue it seems so far removed from
the realities of people's lives so what
I wanted to write about was to first of
all put a human face to show that this
is happening to the most vulnerable
members of the human society
in addition that these young people can
come back again they have a resilient
but with the right care with the right
support of course with a reintegration
program that is solid that actually
looks at the holistic aspects of how to
return somebody back into normalcy and
give them an opportunity that people can
come back I'm one of those examples and
so our orders around the world
general Cohen critics have charged that
most of the militias that have been
integrated into the South Sudanese army
have child soldiers in their ranks so
what do you do to ensure that those
child soldiers don't continue as members
once they've been integrated into the
South Sudanese army we make sure that
was they're reintegrated into SPLA all
the shell soldiers in the Aram's and
files are adjusted our Child Protection
Department is notified once they are
adjusted we also inform the partners
like UNICEF and that's why we're able to
be mobilize over 300 former child
soldiers in in yam BIA after the group
that was keeping them in the Aragon file
was integrated into the SPLA and this
has been our policy whenever a rebel
group is integrated into SPLA we make
sure that child soldiers do not find
their ways into the SPLA runs and files
and we have done we have been doing it
consistently to ensure that that problem
does not spill over to the national army
they espera which I am representing
Rachel another aspect to all this is
that the exploitation of girls is also
becoming disturbingly common by armed
groups now could you tell us more about
that specifically so the use of girls as
soldiers by own forces by own groups is
also something which has on for
a very long history it's only relatively
recently that the international
community has begun to recognize to what
extent girls are involved in conflict as
a stereotypical image of a child soldier
is a boy but in fact girls in some areas
are around half of the children who
involved our research in DRC has shown
that around 40 percent of the children
involved in armed groups there are girls
I understand that the use of child human
bonds that you mentioned earlier by Boko
Haram 66 percent of those who were girls
so girls are very much a part of these
groups they perform a range of functions
many people are aware of the abduction
of girls or the compulsion of girls for
use of sex slaves or a so called brides
but there also extend far beyond that
they can be involved in fighting in
providing support whether that's
carrying goods and weapons or as Charles
mentioned earlier looting they cover a
very wide range of roles as well and
just like boys do then when it comes to
reintegration girls have very specific
problems partly because they have been
overlooked for so long so for example
our research in DRC showed that despite
the fact that around 40% of children in
armed groups were girls only 7% of those
who'd been demobilized by the UN had
worked were girls so there was a very
large percentage of girls who were going
missing somewhere in the process and
there's also often a case with
reintegration that there's too much
focus on short term practical measures
like training for a particular career
whether that's as a seamstress or a
hairdresser whatever else and our
research found that this was not meeting
the girls needs and that no one was
listening to what it was they were
saying that they needed in order to
reintegrate successfully and what that
came down to in the great majority of
cases was girls saying simply we need to
feel accepted at home we need the
community to welcome us back in we're
ostracized we're seen as painted we're
seen as having lost our social value as
a result of having been involved with
these armed group
particularly girls who came back with
babies or who were pregnant when they
returned so we've been implementing
programs there to focus much more on the
social the person or the cultural aspect
of reintegration so that children can go
back to a community and be welcomed as
the person as an individual that they
are with communities Rachel sorry girls
with education and deployment sorry to
interrupt I just want to pick up on
something you said and ask Ishmael
because we're talking about programs to
help really severe amounts of trauma and
I want to ask Ishmael about the kind of
trauma that is faced by child soldiers
especially as they're trying to
reintegrate into society and what
specifically can be done to help them
through this well I think that there are
different things that have been done on
the psychological aspects in terms of
programs in psychosocial therapy and all
of these things I believe that over the
years people have learned how to do it
well well I believe based on my
experience oh on the work that I do with
UNICEF and go into some of these
environments what I've seen that needs a
lot of work it's still opportunities
that are created for young people after
war there hasn't been very much really
thorough market research to really think
about how do we give people real
opportunities that changes their lives
so that they are able to be economically
dependent on their own skill sets to be
able to do something with their lives
often when these things don't work what
happens is that the young person ends up
going back into the conflict because
they feel like they're they are not
useful to themselves or to their
community and in additionally the
communities are not involved in some of
how this is done and some have to think
about what it is that we can do for a
child after war for example in my case
when I came out of a war if I hadn't had
the opportunity to really go to school
and discover that I had an intelligence
that I can use for something other than
the violence that I've come to know I
probably would have embraced the
violence again as an alternative and so
that's really where I believe the key
issue lies the long term thinking a real
thinking about what do we do for young
people when they come out of a war not
just to tell them to be a mechanic be a
plumber if they want to do that and if
there's actually an economic opportunity
for that yes but as
just give them a skill set that
belittles their intelligence as well you
know and I think this is where the issue
lies it's Mel briefly I want to ask you
about numbers specifically a recent
report said the international aid
provided by governments and
international bodies topped 174 billion
dollars in 2015 but less than 1% of that
was spent on projects fully or partially
partially designed to end violence
against children why do you think that
is well I'm not sure what what the
reason of there is I'm not sure how the
funds are disbursed in terms of where
how they are put to certain programs but
again what I was saying earlier is that
I don't think there's a long-term
thinking and additionally I don't think
in the rehabilitation itself and
reintegration there's not a preventive
measure being prescribed through these
programs to make sure that the
communities and the environment where
these young people are did not continue
to have violence so in that itself young
people are gonna try to come back you
know I think that people are interested
but I think oftentimes there's the way
before focusing on the issue it's not
correct for example I live in Nigeria
now where people talk about Boko Haram
one of the terms that people throw
around is de-radicalization I think it's
often quite wrong I don't think you can
people who find themselves in conflict
areas and are radicalized just by the
nature of being there you know I think
it's the wrong approach to think about
it even in that way you know I think
psycho psychological trauma from oh it's
not radicalization often people go to
war because the situation's already
worse off before they get compromised by
that by Wars you know so yeah okay we'll
have to end it there thanks to all our
guests Ishmael Beah Rachel Taylor and
Brigadier General loon Andrew I Kwang
and thank you too for watching you can
see the program any time by visiting our
website aljazeera.com and for further
discussion go to our Facebook page
that's facebook.com forward slash AJ
inside story you can also join the
conversation on twitter our handle is at
aj inside story from me Mohammed's I'm
zooming the entire team here bye for now
you
you
