smoke rises above a paramilitary camp in
indian-administered Kashmir largest city
Srinagar
police say two fighters started shooting
from a nearby location several buildings
were evacuated and the area has been
cleared of all civilians investigators
say they are in control of this
situation just hours earlier government
troops ended a gun battle inside another
military camp in the regions Jammu area
these three fighters were killed ending
the attack that began at dawn on
Saturday Kashmir has suffered unrest for
years several of the armed groups have
been fighting for independence since the
late 1980s the Himalayan region is
divided between India and its rival
Pakistan both claimed Kashmir in its
entirety around 70,000 people have been
killed in indian-administered Kashmir in
the nearly three decade
uprising India accuses Pakistan of
supplying weapons and training to the
armed groups a charge Islamabad denies
India's tired
al-jazeera
