at some point somebody in the Kenyatta
government presumably the President
himself would have made this calculation
what would be worse a piece of political
theater televised devised to put the
legitimacy of the government in question
or denying the media the right to
broadcast the Earth's at svet viewers
countrywide while throwing into the dot
the signal that sends the perception it
creates it might have seemed like a good
idea in the short term as a show of
force but what did it what it does in
the long term is it says we are going to
undermine the public's right to
information for the sake of security
with short term power and that's a real
threat to democracy and I think if they
hadn't given it as much attention as
they did it would have just been a
footnote in the political history of the
country the first thing is the it tells
us that the government itself does not
feel that it is bound by the
Constitution and by our laws what was
really significant here is that our
media from when the Kenyatta government
came in have pretty much behaved like
this government can be their friend they
thought that would buy them some
protection and what they are now
learning is that all they have done is
to embolden the state
Kenya's presidential election should
have been settled five months ago August
8 2017 the incumbent woohoo - Kenyatta
was declared the winner by 10 points
over rila Odinga Odinga challenged the
result in court saying the Electoral
Commission's computers had been hacked
the results tampered with the Supreme
Court ruled with Odinga saying that by
denying the court access to its IT
system the Commission left the judges
with no choice they nullified the
election results and ordered another
vote for October the second round played
out like a farce Odinga pulled out
saying the fix was in a key member of
the Electoral Commission fled the
country
citing political interference and death
threats voter turnout was less than half
of Ottawa's in round one and the
Electoral Commission declared Kenyatta
the winner with more than 98 percent of
the vote
in most civilized countries when the
Electoral Commission gives the result
that is the result and everybody accepts
it and the country moves on in Kenya we
have a very very different society
because there is suspicion is always a
question mark what didn't they tell us
did they hide something and I think the
media finds itself in that space most
notably after the election of late 2007
the results were disputed and the
violence lasted for months more than a
thousand were killed more than half a
million displaced refugees of an
electoral aftermath the causes of that
violence were many and complex however
the Kenyan media got much of the blame
during the campaign television stations
had aired in century political acts in
breach of their own regulations small
local radio stations then incited the
post-election violence by broadcasting
hate speech stung by that criticism many
Kenyan news outlets changed their ways
toned down their content and started
playing it safe
it's absolutely untrue that we are the
ones who caused this problem
post-election violence had a whole set
of other causal issues but that's to me
is the moment in which the media started
to take a step back from directly
criticizing the state the politicians
and giving up this space I call it the
we want peace narrative so between 2007
and 2013 the media was in this piece
where they were thinking okay how do we
do the next general election without
being blamed and so the media was then
criticized in 2013 and I think rightly
so for having been too careful that boat
in 2013 was the first to elect president
Kenyatta by years and his government had
passed a new media law giving itself the
power to find news outlets a law those
outlets opposed and won the us-based
Committee to Protect Journalists
described as draconian the Kenyan media
might have seen that lock coming earlier
that year on the 100th day of his
presidency
Kenyatta summoned media owners and their
executives to a breakfast meeting the
government will allow journalists from
media houses be embedded to Statehouse
about from opening the government to
scrutiny by the media as one of the
president's allies in the media puts it
Kenyatta simply spelled out the role he
expected journalists to play so what the
president was asking on that occasion is
that we should not be adverse or even as
you add the public watchdog even as you
set the agenda the agenda should not be
adverse or a meaning the media should
not make itself as an opposition party
you should play the role of being Fourth
Estate that is the message that the
president was trying to to get out
because the median in Kenya has always
played the role of an opposition party
president who looking at early today so
to write a new chapter in government
relations with the media so it's fine he
can call them me they can have tea he
can articulate what his agenda is but
then a bit has to be able to take a step
back and critique what the president is
saying and that never happens
at the time that the media was called in
the government was in gay
aged in what it called an anti-terror
operation in Garissa which is to the
Northeast well it had rounded up upwards
of 500 people
it was just picking up people off the
street they were suspected terrorists
you know not a single person in the
media took the opportunity during their
breakfast to ask about that operation
from this media breakfast with the state
what they did was they escalated that we
want peace narrative so well you're the
media you're not a PR agency you're the
media your job is to to keep their feet
in the fire to keep them honest that's
the whole concept of a Fourth Estate
that keeps people honest and when they
decide to go in bed with the executive
and become an extension of the executive
if you think about it as a table it's a
table with three legs you know how is it
supposed to stand
this story comes down to questions of
legitimacy the Kenyatta government had
its legitimacy challenged by rila Odinga
in the most public of ways the media
tried to broadcast that ceremony perhaps
hoping to regain the legitimacy they
squandered last year falling short as
election watchdogs and going soft on the
Kenyatta government if the Kenyan media
thought that would land them in the
government's good graces then what
happened last week proved they made a
big mistake and going to black
the way they did will have come as a
rude awakening it hasn't been seen in
this country where all the major
television stations are shut down
because of a story not that they covered
but that they were going to cover this
is one of the most vibrant media spaces
on the continent and I really do hope
that this was a bad dream it's gonna go
away we are going to wake up to the
usual vibrant media professional media
that we've known Kenya to have the
shutdown was just some sort of wake-up
call even there this is an opportunity
that they should be grateful for forever
you
