the United States pushes forward its
ambitious project at a pan-arab Alliance
against Iran but there are deep
divisions brought on by the Gulf crisis
so can Washington's desire to rope in
Israel along with the Arab states
against a common enemy actually succeed
and what does it mean for president
Trump's Middle East peace plan this is
inside story
welcome to the program today with me
Peter Dhabi Washington's begun putting
together a plan to forge an entire an
alliance with the Arab countries now the
US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo has
met foreign ministers at the Gulf
Cooperation Council States and Egypt and
Jordan they discussed the perceived
threats posed by Iran to peace and
stability across the Middle East
however the GCC is of course a house
divided
Qatar wants the blockade imposed on Doha
by some of its neighbors lifted before
the u.s. security plan can be considered
credible Hashim al bara sets up our
discussion today from New York where
gathering of Gulf rivals this is the
first time Qatar's foreign minister has
come face to face with his counterparts
from Saudi Arabia the UAE Bahrain and
Egypt since the four countries imposed a
land sea and air blockade on Qatar in
June last year no handshakes no smiles
and no news conference at the end of the
meeting that lasted almost one hour two
days ago Saudi foreign minister Adel
al-jubeir accused Qatar of financing
extremism adding that his country will
be okay even if the crisis goes on for
another 50 years but that can wait also
forever but we have to address the the
challenges in our region first before we
talk we talk about just working like
this diplomacy means communications
meaning it means engagement and this is
Qatar English can ask you a question
the war of words between Gulf rivals put
the United States of America in a
difficult position the Trump
administration is scrambling to put
together the regional alliance of
countries against Iran what she sees as
a growing threat in the Middle East
during the past few days the US has
ramped up its rhetoric describing Tehran
as the world's leading sponsor of
terrorism as far as America is concerned
accusations dismissed by Iran Saudi
officials blame Iran for destabilizing
the whole region
Saudi Arabia believes that in order to
achieve peace and stability in the
Middle East what is needed is to deter
Iran in its subversive policies
this is sectarianism and interference in
the internal affairs of the region such
aggressive conduct constitutes a glaring
breach of all international laws and
treaties the u.s. wants to address major
challenges in the Middle East including
ISIL wars in Yemen Syria instability in
Iraq and what it sees as Iran's growing
influence in the region but its chances
of building a united front remains slim
as long as the GCC crisis continues
Hashima / al jazeera New York
okay let's get going let's bring in our
panelists today on Inside Story from New
York my job's weary director at the Gulf
Study Center at Qatar University in
Tehran Mustafa Hashem journalist and
political commentator and from
Washington Hillary man Leverett former
US State Department official and now CEO
of the political risk consultancy
strategy welcome to you all
much up coming to you first what's the
point of this I think it's important to
put this in a context this is not the
first time that the United States tries
to have sort of alliances of coalition
against Iran this was the case pre the
deal with Iran and always there was
attempt that you know the regional
players should play role on isolation
and isolating Iran that was the norm of
the United State this was the case in
against Iraq since 1991 what does the
new and this is is that this comes from
the professional diplomat within the
department of the state who believes
that it is enough to be away from the
reality that the United State does need
its own alliances in the region and they
need to see more involvement from within
the region with their effort to isolate
Iran for this reason I see that the
administration this is an attempt from
Department of State to be active in the
penetrating Iran and and make sure that
most of the players within the region
are on board taking into consideration
the fact that you know there is sort of
as we know there is the result dispute
is that does affect the whole thing and
it may it basically control the move of
the United State and the possibility to
see success of all of this effort
mustafa in tehran there have been
various iterations of something not
dissimilar to this didn't get off the
ground before why should or could it
succeed this time well as a matter of
fact all my colleague was right this is
not the first time actually there have
been similar moves made by you know
saltier
Biya in the region in order to establish
a front against Iran under various names
like their recent anti-terrorism or
counterterrorism effort but they have
all remained feudal in all these the
United States has been behind Saudi
Arabia but they have never achieved any
fruit or any goal any objective and that
but this time apparently the United
States is tired of seeing the Saudis
fail in their attempts and in advancing
their original designs now they have
come to take the matters into their own
hand you know originally with regard to
Iran in recent years the Saudis were
given the role by the u.s. in the
original design or design achieve or you
know subdue all PGCC Member States
establish an alliance against Iran and
then widen this such an alliance to the
Arab world but in their first step when
they came forward to subdue Qatar with
regard to its winning aces that it had
with regard to its influential ties with
Muslim Brotherhood with Hamas in the
Palestinian issue the militants in Syria
especially in eastern kuta as well as
their good ties with iran the saudis
failed after more than a year or two
around nearly two years of laying siege
in qatar and eventually actually what
the Saudis did was zero in Iran's favour
when they started meddling in Syria
Syria calls for Iran's help and Iran's
influence grew when they laid siege on
Qatar Qatar saw Iran has its rescue path
in the two countries Iran and Qatar saw
a new chapter in their cooperation and
ties so when they failed in all these
attempts the United States seems to be
intolerant and now they they are taking
matters into their own hands probably
but of course that that's why probably
the the foreign ministers of Qatar
Kuwait and Oman in their recent meeting
in New York gave a positive you know
response when they called Iran a threat
and stress then of you know defusing
Iran's influence
in power or containing Iran's influence
and power okay in the region I just want
to borrow that sound what you've just
been saying that's when a boil that down
and put that central point to Hillary
man Leverett in Washington Hillary
obviously the u.s. sees Iran as a threat
for US strategic interests in the region
and also us security in terms of the GCC
but very clearly as well in terms of
Israel are those worries accurate and
justifiable well I think it's important
to put that into a strategic context
today it's Iran today it's the Islamic
Republic of Iran that sits in the in the
Middle East this region that the United
States has since World War two
designated as vital to American national
security interests because of the oil
that it generates the oil that not only
it sends could send to the United States
but that it sends to Europe and Asia
whoever has decisive strategic influence
if not control over the oil not only has
decisive strategic influence in control
in the Middle East but really around the
world so this is an overriding strategic
interest for the United States
regardless if it's a democratic or
republican administration whether it was
it's Trump today or even had been
Hillary Clinton and it's also true with
regardless of whether it's the Islamic
Republic of Iran today or if it was
another independent power the key issue
here is independent military power
especially independent Arab or Muslim
power so today it's an independent
Muslim power in the Islamic Republic of
Iran that is strong and can defy the
United States as it continues to try to
strengthen a highly militarized
pro-american political and security
order but in Prior decades it was Saddam
Hussein's Iraq that stood at the
precipice of strong independent military
power in the Middle East and before that
it was Gamal Abdel Nasser 's Egypt that
challenged the United States so this is
not new in terms of the regional
dynamics and it's not new in terms of
the dynamics in Washington but it's also
important to keep in mind that today
it's critically important for the United
States as as policymakers see it here in
Washington this is not my personal
opinion to keep the
Republic of Iran itself week divided and
sapped of its energies keeping it
constantly entangled and military
conflict and to pair that with embolden
initial and having countries that might
that would challenge Iran to be tied to
an alliance that includes Israel because
once you're in an alliance in the Arab
and Muslim world with Israel there's
really no turning back because your
populations don't support that
so the only way that you as a government
can get support to continue to be part
of that alliance is to stay aligned with
the United States much more strict for
policymakers here in Washington those
two goals are very important to have
together okay much of you wants to come
in there yeah I think there's an
important or significant issue here
related to what the United States doing
previously the United States used to go
to the region with sort of coalition
with the European European European
nation and the whole with European Union
if human may say normally even
previously against Iran they used
European used to be on board this is the
first time when the United States goes
to the region Solo to have this
coalition as you know in LA in two weeks
ago the three European countries Germany
UK and the France in addition to China
and Russia they are working on a
creating a legal entity so they can
avoid the sanction against Iran so there
is sort of a new dynamic as well which
which I think puts pressure on the
Americans to work with the regional
players more comparing with the past as
I mentioned the European used to be on
board this is the this is the first time
the American is playing solo and they
need more support from within the region
well the proposed security arrangements
would be structured on the lines of NATO
that's what it's being called an Arab
NATO it's reported the US would expect
the Gulf nations to foot the bill and
those same countries would be expected
to back local groups against rebels
supported by Iran in Syria Yemen and
also inside Iraq the Middle East
strategic alliance Meza would police
three strategic waterways the golfer for
moon
bob almond AB and the Suez Canal
critical roots for global oil and trade
it's hoped that military cooperation
would pave the way to restoring
diplomatic ties between Qatar and the
blockading states Washington is also
hopeful of including Israel in any deal
as Hillary was mentioning there and if
Israel's relations militarily improve
with the Arab countries then
diplomatically conditions will be better
to push for Donald Trump so-called deal
of the century for peace in the Middle
East Hillary can I just put that one
back to you why is there this need to
simplify it in a region that can never
be simplified why call it the Arab NATO
because you know if you look at
countries like Oman and Kuwait they've
had good relationships granted
spasmodically with with whoever's in
power in Tehran so why why is there this
dynamic to put it in a box and call it
something I think that really is a
political dynamic here in Washington
that it's easier for politicians here to
be able to sell it domestically as the
United States having this align this
Arab alliance that's something easier to
sell here I don't think it has real
strategic meaning and you could see that
in terms of how the Department of
Defense handles it and it's it's
interesting to see how the Department of
Defense is approaching this entire this
entire issue just as you had Secretary
of State Pompeo meeting with the foreign
ministers of the GCC States Jordan in
Egypt you had Secretary of Defense
mattis here in Washington in fact
calling for or in fact putting in in
process a procedure to withdraw or to
draw down the Patriot anti-missile
Patriot batteries in Bahrain and Kuwait
so there's a real question about whether
the US military is involved I think it's
much more of a political dynamic and one
that President Trump is pushing both to
show that he's in control in the Middle
East before the November midterm
elections here and as he goes into his
2020 reelection campaign that he has a
firm anti-iran pro-israel strategy with
these Arab countries generically defined
because he doesn't really care about any
of them
visually to give him a political a
political push here in the United States
and his domestic politics Mustafa is
there a risk as far as the leadership
where you are it's concerned and could
it possibly be this if you try to codify
the relationship between disparate
countries diff disparate religions where
they are where those countries are led
by reckless leaders quotes I'm using the
word advisedly is there a risk here that
you make reckless leaders more reckless
more dangerous if you will well to be
honest with you I doubt if any of these
Arab nations are they would take a
hostile move against Iran unless for the
kind of terrorist attack would though we
saw last week there was a sponsored
according at least according to Iranian
officials it was a sponsored by the
Saudis the UAE and the United States
that's the kind of cooperation that
they've been running you know in area of
military the United States is trying to
advance his original design are now at
the expense of the original States the
Arab states I doubt if there would be
any meaningful or influential and
significant military move against Iran
but in area of economy as well as
security and politics there will be
moves and there have been many moves on
the way in the last at least two years I
just saw for example the United States
use the billions of dollars of Saudi or
Petro dollars in order to meddle with
the Iran's foreign currency market in
the UAE Iran has announced that it it
wants to move its foreign currency
market to a number of countries first
and foremost to Qatar and China now as
you see as far as the Saudis were
supposed to lead this coalition or NATO
whatever it is against Iran are the
categories were never subdued and they
did Relations improve but now that the
US has picked up the roll in order to
coordinate the first because it's a
major war power the Qataris as well as
Kuwait in Oman
they have at least all rendered of
somehow their variable support for this
my chips weary in New York is there
potentially here a huge negative a quid
pro quo if you will because if you
tether certain Arab countries to this US
administration would certain Arab
countries then feel that they have an
umbilical cord that could in theory pull
the US military into very live conflicts
so you could see a situation where
external players say in the
three-and-a-half year ugly ugly war in
Yemen they might then bring to bear an
expectation that the US should have
military people on the ground engaging
in the conflict
I don't think so when it comes to the
issue of Iran I think this
administration according to what I know
is more focused on putting more pressure
politically on Iran the issue the issue
of you know regime change was was has
been discussed in the past and I think
this administration maybe is acting as
as they are moving towards regime change
especially remembering that John Bolton
is very close to the president but there
are there are two main things we have to
keep in mind in this context the first
one is that as I mentioned the United
States now is actually playing solo
against Iran not as used to be and and I
think that that will push that will put
more pressure on the administration to
think or to count until 100 before
moving to the any kind of military
action or regime change the second issue
I think there is also doubt about the
Solidarity and and the unity within the
region against Iran I think even the
talk about the Arab nature it doesn't
sound that you know they believe this
can be reality they need to do a lot
before getting to the point where
actually they have all of those
countries on board keep in mind that
every
every one of these countries has its own
matches you look at the GCC and its
distributor and its impact on each old
countries look at the situation in
Jordan and Egypt so there are you know I
think obstacles which will complicate
any kind of further I would say benefi
benefits to the United States from all
of this however again we have to keep in
mind that the this administration and
sorry this administration now is trying
to push things and I think the Secretary
of the State Pompeo is getting the
message from the White House they have
to be more active in pressure on Iran
and and that is what they are doing now
I think in this context we have to see
more action similar to this and putting
more pressure on the companies so they
can work harder on Iran in the near
future especially with the new sanctions
will come in and next month
understood gotcha Hillary you've already
touched on this point can we just flesh
this out a little bit if if this is a
goer in six months or a year say and the
Arab states say yes we're on boards they
say yes we will fund it Israel then has
to be introduced into that big family
relationship as some sort of associate
member as a partner that therefore then
surely changes the mood music across the
entire region which is a plus but then
an Israeli prime minister would
presumably be pressured to deliver on
something that no Israeli prime minister
is ever going to deliver on well and I
think you saw the prelude to that this
week in New York on the sidelines of the
UN General Assembly where this extreme
pro-israel group here in Washington
called ironically the foundation for the
defense of democracies called an anti
Iran summit that included the foreign
minister of Saudi Arabia the
ambassador's of Bahrain and the United
Arab Emirates and the head of the
Israeli Mossad together with the US
Secretary of State Pompeo and and
national security advisor John Bolton so
they've given you this prelude this week
of how these countries could work
together how they can appear on the same
podium how they have
similar interests but I wanted to also
flag an important point that may be
counterintuitive I think by secretary of
state Pompeo calling together the GCC
state foreign ministers the Egyptian and
Jordanian foreign minister it was a
message to Saudi Arabia that the United
States is no longer so enamored with
Saudi foreign policy and the what they
what the Saudis have done for the United
States because it really forced the
Saudis to accept a lot to sit at the
same table as the three foreign minister
who Otto Joubert has been saying for
over a year that there's no way that the
Saudis could ever accept really anything
about the current situation in in Doha
so it was a very important symbolic
subordination of the Saudis very very
public symbolic subordination and I
think what you see happening is you know
the the US government trying to really
weaken any army control more of what the
Saudis do and to get them ready to go
even more publicly more often okay the
Israelis and whether that in the end
leads to any concession from the
Israelis there may be some who hope for
that but there would be absolutely no
basis in u.s. foreign policy history to
conclude that understood very last brief
final point to you my job's weary in New
York if the Arab NATO actually happens
mr. Trump has got to be seen surely
within that context within that
framework as an honest broker of peace
in the Middle East nobody sees him as
that across the region not really not
genuinely so how does he square that and
how does he pay attention to individual
needs and individual demands the kind of
demands and the realization of those
demands that Hillary was touching on ten
minutes ago I think the whole the whole
attempt to have this NATO you know has
strong link with with the Trump
personally and his administration to put
something on the record before they move
to the second you know second the
presidency I think he's his keen to have
some achievement in foreign policy
now there is the deal of the century is
not moving as they wish now that is it
seems to them that's an easy target to
achieve to say there is an Arab NATO but
in reality and reality you know this
region is very complicated and in the
since 1993 with the whole debate about
Pisa process facing Iran all of these
efforts actually has failed to achieve
anything and let's not forget the United
State they wanted they wanted you know
arab arab country and regional players
when they are and really trouble when
they decided to go to the deal with iran
they forbid their own name that their
own alliances in the region let's
remember that d 2015 done without any
consultation with any of those countries
and the United States decided to go with
the European Union to sign that deal so
I think some of this is in the mind of
the Arab countries and they remember how
the United States loves them alone in
2015 for this reason I think this is an
attempt but I'm not sure we'll need to
have a serious impact on the region and
or will need to have a serious fruitful
result to Trump himself as well guys
there are times I wish this program was
an hour long not 30 minutes long today
was one of those days thank you so much
for your contribution today here on
Inside Story you've been listening to my
jerbs weary Mustapha hashem and hillary
man Leverett thank you to you too for
your company do check out the website
you can watch the program again click on
the icon al Jazeera calm you can also
talk to us via facebook that's
facebook.com/amputeeot
from me and the team here in Doha thanks
for watching we'll do it all again
tomorrow bye bye
you
