that's a light alloy or concrete or
something ten years ago Dean Lloyd a
lawyer in Palo Alto California received
the world's first artificial retina it
allowed him to see it was a low quality
video image but it was something so I'm
getting looks like right about there
where it's from the dirt or grass or
whatever is in there some kind fully
that's correct
it has to be a contrast point and that's
yet to really think about that to make
it useful but that technology is ancient
compared to what's coming next a new
military grant program is funding
projects that seek to not just read the
information that's in your brain but
actually write information into it
basically we'd be putting synthetic
versions of things like sight into the
brain the University of California at
Berkeley is home to one of the six teams
hoping to create within four years a
device that can read and control 1
million neurons right now we can only
watch one hundred at a time our goal is
to be able to seen that many neurons
every one of them individually and not
only to be able to watch what they do as
you do an MRI but to be able to play
back to them patterns of activity in
space and in time
so that you could actually reconstitute
and synthesize the experience of the
real world and thereby replace something
that is missing because of an injury
this military funded program could
replace lost senses in wounded soldiers
but could also put entirely new senses
into healthy soldiers if it works the
project will be a world-changing leap
for example while we were developing
this proposal we had a few meetings sort
of saying we can't do this this is
physically impossible we'll never get
there our goal is to take like a
microscope something like this and
squash it down really tiny so it can fit
on the head of a mouse while it's
running around so this is one of our
first prototype graisco and Nick Antipa
are working on math that can turn a
low-grade 2d picture of the brain into
useful 3
we can take the raw footage like this
and process it into a live room we can
create custom patterns and shoot light
exactly where we want at the right
moment and postdoctoral researcher
Nicola Pagar is building the system that
will convert real world experiences into
math that directs lasers to light up
individual neurons so here is a movie
Casablanca this is what you have to turn
that into for it to then be shown on to
the brain and wow you decide on the
pattern you tell me which neurons you
want to activate and we will have the
exact time give the exact amount of
light that's required to activate the
neurons the project could rebuild
soldiers or eventually give them
enhanced abilities on the battlefield
either way if it works we will have
crossed into a new ethical and medical
world a world where we can read human
thoughts and implant new ones Jake
aboard al-jazeera Berkeley California
