alam has a heart condition but she's now
able to walk around easily thanks to a
clinical trial a new valve allows her
heart to pump blood properly Makeda
ranim I was not able to sleep at night I
was frail and couldn't even climb the
stairs now after the operation I can
sleep comfortably I can now carry things
and walk normally the heart valve trial
is at Sidra first-of-its-kind Medical
and Research Centre for women and
children and Qatar
what sets Indra apart is not just
clinical trials but also this use of
smart technology this is the 3d print
out of a human heart where doctors have
been able to plant valves in not just
one but seven patients and this
particular trial is being carried out in
five countries doctors here want to
expand research into new techniques of
therapy besides the new valve dr. Zia
hijazi wants to test absorbable implants
called stents hopefully to reduce the
number of operations for children with
heart disease it's made from polymers
and synthetic materials that you can put
initially in the blood vessel it does
the job by opening the blood vessel but
within about a year and a half it
dissolves it disappears and the area
where the iStent was it remodels the
Sidra specialized hospital is also
innovating prevention of diabetes which
affects 17% of batteries there's been no
real studies looking at the epidemiology
of childhood diabetes in Qatar once we
analyze the data and once we know the
exact cause of diabetes
we'll be able to sort of tailor make
personalized therapy for each child for
example is that in some children we
might be able to stop the injections of
insulin they have and I should give them
oral medications genetic disorders and
birth defects are relatively high
because about half of all marriages
across Gulf nations are between cousins
rather small population is giving
researchers a unique chance to map the
genetics of the whole population
if emissions are realized it will create
a genetic reference not only useful for
others population but for all similar
ethnic populations worldwide right now
all the resources that exist around the
world come from you know highly study
populations mostly Europeans Caucasians
some Africans at some East Asian
there's very little representation from
our part of a middle-eastern populations
and so what we'd started to do here over
the last decade is to basically work
towards building the representation
because people here often travel abroad
for diagnostics and therapy doctors
report a patient drain from the Middle
East they're hoping to reverse that
trend with their scientific research
some of in job Aid al Jazeera Doha
