waves up to three meters high surges
through the city of Paulo on Sulawesi
Island on Friday the tsunami triggered
by magnitude 7.5 earthquake
videos on social media show the panic as
people try to flee the dome of this
mosque collapsed after the quake was
then washed away in torrents of water
pollute our tourists is home to more
than 300,000 people the nearby city of
dong Galah and the town of ma Muju have
also been severely affected but no one
has been able to reach them yet rescue
operations are underway but
communications have been down and the
only one way in Paulo is badly damaged
in a short video recorded in nearly
pitch-black environment the director of
a City Hospital appealed for help we
hope to immediately establish field
hospitals we need tents medicines
medical personnel tarpaulins blankets
and more of other things I hope you can
help us so we can give victims all the
aid they need Indonesia's president has
called on the Security Minister to
coordinate the government's response
that's more than you I've already
instructed the coordinating minister for
political and security affairs to
coordinate all resources including the
national disaster agency I've also
called the chief of the armed forces to
work together and handling the emergency
situation including the
search-and-rescue operation evacuation
and preparing basic needs to get that in
you cargo planes carrying doctors in aid
as well as the army are being sent to
join the rescue efforts residents are
urged to say outdoors with more
aftershocks expected Indonesia is prone
to earthquakes as it lies on the Ring of
Fire the line of frequent quakes and
volcanic eruptions that circles
virtually the entire Pacific Rim last
month a series of quakes killed more
than 500 people on the tourist island of
Lombok Dora Jabari al-jazeera
