the shadow of death has lain across
Acapulco for years the former tourist
hotspot has one of the highest murder
rates in the world and behind the
military patrols police sirens and daily
crime scenes livid townspeople
struggling with fear and grief no Mahina
last year Francisco's wife was caught in
the midst of a gang shootout and killed
now he's raising their four children
alone we hid his identity speaking out
here is dangerous
mayor Kentucky is the may a decade more
than 120,000 victims into the drug war
there's still no federal program
dedicated to psychological support for
the families left behind in acapulco an
NGO Doctors Without Borders is filling
that gap their team of community workers
and psychologists go to churches
community centers basketball courts any
where people gather to train them to
support each other the violence gets to
such a level that the social fabric is
destroyed people don't trust their
neighbors and little by little things
deterioration or
those suffering particularly painful
experiences like Francisco can meet
one-on-one with psychologists doctors
without borders' are also training
teachers to recognize children
traumatized by violence or sexual abuse
the aim is to convince the government
that programs like this are needed on a
national scale
Mexico has put huge amounts of money and
manpower into combating organized crime
in comparison very little has been
dedicated to treating traumatized
victims and according to psychologists
that shows a real lack of foresight
because those affected by violence if
not attended to are much more likely to
repeat the cycle
that's the worst nightmare of parents
like Francisco trying to protect the
next generation Latino experts say it
could take decades for the wounds of a
society grown used to violence to heal
the worry is that without intervention
that process will struggle to even begin
John Holman al-jazeera Acapulco
