over the years Gerry Adams has been
praised as a brave political leader and
condemned as a secret terrorist
commander the boy from Belfast became
active in Northern Ireland's civil
rights movement in the 1960s following
the arrival of British troops the
province descended into decades of
sectarian conflict the troubles in the
1970s as events like the Bloody Sunday
shooting of Catholic protesters by the
British Army hit the headlines Adams was
variously interned and arrested he
always denied being a member of the
Provisional IRA or Irish Republican Army
but many people on both sides of the
border believe that's a nonsense
in 1983 Adams became president of the
IRAs political wing shin Fane that same
year Austin stacks father a chief prison
officer was shot dead by the IRA he
later met Adams trying to find out who
ordered the killing all the evidence
points to the fact that he had a
leadership role I mean there's a new
autobiography owed on them and it's
quite obvious from that even that the
way defined he was interred that the
other prisoners had a parade past him
every day and saluted him and you don't
do that to someone that's just in the
political arm of the organisation so
this week soon though Gerry Adams was
arguing that Shin Fein had more to gain
by contesting elections he won a seat in
the UK Parliament in Westminster but
never took it up all the while the IRA
bombing campaign continued to kill
people not just in Northern Ireland but
on the mainland too to those whose tools
are bombs and bullets your way is not
the right way
in 1998 protracted talks led to what's
known as the Good Friday Agreement
setting up a power-sharing executive at
Stormont as well as the decommissioning
of weapons and the early release of
paramilitary prisoners while Shin feigns
Martin McGuinness went on to become
deputy first minister of Northern
Ireland Adams took a back seat briefly
in 2011 he contested and won a seat in
the Republic of Ireland part of a
deliberate shift in the focus for shin
Fane the strategy essentially became
becoming involved in decision-making on
both sides of the border in the north
they quickly established themselves as
the dominant political party and have
being the dominant nationalist party for
a generation now but in the South they
needed to build up from a very low base
under Gerry Adams is leadership shin
Fane has become not only the largest
nationalist party in Northern Ireland
but the third largest group here in the
Irish Doyle or Parliament and they're
hoping to be in government here in the
not so distant future when Martin
McGuinness was buried Gerry Adams
carried his coffin so too did Mary Lou
McDonald who officially becomes Shin
feigned new leader on Saturday her
challenge now is to broaden the party's
appeal to a younger generation that
never knew the troubles nadine barber al
jazeera dublin
