it's a week in which the noise of
protesters is lost in the raw of
presidential convoys to and from the
United Nations across the road this is a
closest most world leaders come to the
concerns and fears of citizens in
Manhattan and around the globe sometimes
lost amidst the noise of debate and
grand statement within the General
Assembly the suffering taking place in
so many regions outside and the fact
that in the past eight years the number
of major violent conflicts has tripled
the consequences of this failure in
international arbitration felt most
keenly by the vulnerable the defenseless
and in many cases the children the
suffering intensifies each year the
International Committee of the Red Cross
has released statistics about the number
of children who annually go missing in
conflict in 2013 that number was put at
nearly 6,000 it's increased
substantially each general assembly
gathering rising to more than 15,000 in
2017 well there is always a gap between
the diplomatic discourse on a situation
and the situation itself what we see
indeed is when we are in the field that
we see a lot of people suffering that we
see an enormous amount of destruction
and disruption of lives and livelihoods
the full extent of the human suffering
would be acknowledged
probably political decisions would have
would be taken other and another scale
and with another seriousness while some
leaders brush aside global concerns in
the name of national self-interest there
are others that insist these issues must
be embraced and addressed through
multilateralism we must redouble our
efforts to work as a global community we
must rediscover our shared belief in the
value rather than the harm of
connectedness we must demonstrate that
collective international action not only
were
but it's in the best interest of all of
us in this clash of philosophies the
presence of the Prime Minister's
three-month-old daughter a little
reminder of what's at stake Mike Hanna
al-jazeera
United Nations
