these are hordes of shells in production
they're used by the Turkish army in
operation Olive ranch in northern Syria
an offensive jointly conducted with the
Free Syrian Army in Syria's Kurdish
Enclave afferent province employees of
this arms supplier volunteered to work
an extra hour every day they say it is
the least they can do to support the
army yessiree Amman a 21 year old
student is one of them he wants to join
the army as soon as possible by
submitting this application letter I
wanted to show a positive and concrete
support for our soldiers and set an
example for others if the operation
hadn't been launched and the YPG would
have attacked us with the weapons the
u.s. provided to them turkey vo so you
expect Kurdish armed group in Syria the
YPG as a branch of the PKK the Kurdistan
Workers Party which is listed as a
terrorist group by Turkey at the EU and
the u.s. the 40 year conflict between
the PKK and Turkey has cost around
30,000 lives from both sides this
operation should have been launched much
earlier our borders should have been
cleared of terror as weather gets colder
women launched different campaigns to
support the army some are knitting
scarves and socks for the soldiers
others are sending jars of Jem all pray
for the safety of the Armed Forces the
main opposition parties have lent
support to the Afrin operation something
that is quite rare in Turkey but pro
Kurdish Parliament members say the
military intervention and afferent is
actually an invasion in the Afrin area
there is no - and there is no ever sure
threat for the Turkish borders and the
Turkish state some of those who oppose
operation olive branch blame what they
call Turkey's misguided policies in
Syria for escalating the situation
others say this is a move by the
government to prison
the nationalist votes in next year's
election
none of them however wanted to speak to
us on camera saying they were scared to
be framed now this is a concern
considering how fragile and polarized
turkeys political environment has become
cynical solo al Jazeera Istanbul
