The Forgotten conflict and forgotten
people of Yemen their suffering has only
increased during the saudi-led war
against fifty rebels millions are facing
famine disease and widespread shortages
what will it take for the international
community to stop the barrage of bullets
and bombs this is inside story
I'm Hoshi Mahalo this is inside story
from Doha they are suffering the world's
largest humanitarian crisis caused by
almost three years of civil war with
seemingly no end in sight to the
hardship for millions of Yemenis the
proxy conflict is between the region
strongest powers Iran and Saudi Arabia
along with his allies the UN says is
alarmed by the recent rise in fighting
at least 85,000 Yemenis have been forced
from their homes in the past two months
Yemenis are fleeing their homes on a
daily basis from towns and cities such
as her data and ties more than two
million are displaced others are trapped
by a strikes usually without access to
basic supplies let's bring in our panel
from Sarah Hakim Alma's Mary the editor
of the Yemen Post from Beirut Adam Baron
visiting fellow of the European Council
on Foreign Relations and also from Sanaa
shabby Amman to a spokeswoman for the
United Nations High Commission for
Refugees welcome to you all
let me start by asking miss Monta this
we're talking about the worst
humanitarian crisis the international
community is dealing with but it seems
this is getting even worse give us an
idea about how you're coping with this
situation giving the limited resources
you have and the ongoing violence well
as you rightly said it's we're dealing
with a humanitarian catastrophe in Yemen
we're in a situation where 22 million
people out of a population of 29 million
and now in need of humanitarian
assistance because of the conflict and
needs are increasing every day every
month every year last year we had 19
million people in need we see you now we
have 22 million people in need so we've
been saying that as long as the conflict
continues we just continue to see him
and humanitarian needs arise and there's
a mismatch between support for
humanitarian response and the situation
here on the ground so we're standing
here with two million people who have
been displaced as a result of almost
three is at war
we're also having to respond to the
needs of about 85,000 people that have
been displaced in the past ten weeks
alone and yet for us we're starting the
year with just three percent of funds
available through our humanitarian
response in Yemen so there's a huge
mismatch between the situation on the
ground and support for the humanitarian
response in Yemen mm-hmm Osama smari for
the millions of Yemenis trapped in their
own country dealing on a daily basis
with danger with famine with disease
with violence how do they see the
situation how are they trying to deal
with it hopeless Hashem millions of
families right are now hopelessness
aaaaah
and in Yemen it's very sad when you see
families our entire families are digging
through garbage cans every day every
hour in every corner so it's a
heartbreaking to see these families and
these children who are dying from hunger
and the world is silent so right now
people are very hopeless because of the
international community is basically
forgotten the Yemeni crisis and the
little aid that is coming into Yemen is
not enough for even 10 percent of those
who are suffering let alone the
inflation with the price hikes and
prices for the food goods the siege
onion right now the airport being closed
for over almost 16 months no reports no
food no aid and the end of airstrikes
coming down mainly killing civilians as
I'm now at least 13 thousand civilians
have paid the price of this dirty war in
Yemen and the world is basically giving
a blind eye to these civilians who have
nothing or I have no problem only that
they were stuck in a proxy war between
Saudi Arabia and Iran and fought in
Yemen mm-hmm mr. Barun you name in any
any case in Yemen and it's in
superlatives cholera outbreak the worst
the catastrophe humanitarian catastrophe
it is the worst yet it bares a question
why the international community is not
doing enough just stop what's going on I
think a key aspect of this has just been
that the international community has not
really view
Yemen as a priority over the past few
years you've seen it consistently
shelves for other crises particularly in
the region that are seen as more
pressing so you know you see I've good
reason obviously Syria pushing Yemen out
of the headlines a talk pushing Yemen
out of the headlines even Libya and
Egypt to an extent pushing them out of
the headlines and let's face it Yemen
doesn't have the strong networks the
strong activist diaspora etc that other
countries in the region do have so in a
way you if you look diplomatically even
if there is you know extremely positive
humanitarian activity continuing in you
Devon
it's it's not enough because unless you
have the attention being taken on the
political track when you have the
numbers 80 percent of Yemen is in need
of food you know even the greatest of
humanitarian aid efforts will be
insufficient mm-hmm mrs. Munt oh there's
an recent outbreak of violence in
southern parts of Yemen
there's also pushed by government forces
to take over areas in her day there in
JoVE and also in Sadr we're talking
about a situation where the potential
for mass exodus is there where we might
see more problems for international aid
agencies in the near future do you have
any contingency plans for those areas
well we're seeing them as a result of
conflict all across the country people
are fleeing from various regions all
across north east south and west people
are fleeing as you mentioned from the
border liability governance and
al-jawhara they're fleeing from the west
coast and medida and Hayes and they're
also being from the southeast in shabwa
so people that just meanwhile over Yemen
and it just shows you that the conflict
and humanitarian needs are widespread
across the country and that's why we
have a situation where 22 million people
and now a need of humanitarian
assistance so it's it's straining where
the humanitarian resources available to
respond and in the absence of enough
support it's very difficult to respond
to now we're having to fill in the gaps
because the situation caused by conflict
has resulted in a breakdown of essential
state services as well and we're also
now in a situation where livelihoods
that are being lost so
we're seeing the situation spiral
downward every year the UN has described
the crisis in Yemen
as a man-made catastrophe it said 22
million year monies nationwide are in
need but aid is only trickling in the
Saudi blockade on Yemen Zealand and
airports has made it difficult for help
to arrive
Saudi Arabia has said it's lifted the
restrictions famine is a major threat
with 17 million people without enough
food water and Yemenis suffer the
world's worst outbreak of Cholera
diphtheria is another concern and
there's not enough medicine to treat the
sick many hospitals and health clinics
have been bombed the UN's Children
agency UNICEF says five children on
average have been killed or injured
every day for the past three years
Mercer Alma's Molly
I mean Yemenis when the debate the
conflict who they blame for the
atrocities and this humanitarian price
they had to pay is it a saudi-led
coalition or the yemeni factions
themselves because they are the ones
that initiative triggered this conflict
the blaming phase Hashem has has passed
in Yemen people are now are just trying
to survive and not die yes they are
blaming on all sides all the sides of
the conflict whether they're solid at
that position whether the Houthi allies
are all in charge of not reaching a
political deal in Yemen and this is why
the millions of civilians are paying the
price it's not time to blame aside right
now it's time to for the intouch
community to put an end to this war
that's only putting more suffering on
the civilians the Houthis are not
suffering we are the Saudi are is
suffering financially but they are
willing to continue long-term so the
only sign that something right now are
these civilians and as I your guest said
before the those were in this place
right now our nationwide where do you go
from a dead zone to another dead zone
even if you are this place and you go to
another area you are also fearing death
or hunger and sometimes dying is is
easier for families than starving to
death or seeing their children starve to
death as of right now over the last 400
days no media outlet has been allowed
into Yemen this is one of the main
reasons why Yemen is a forgotten war 400
days no internet
Media allow the coalition in postage our
media siege on Yemen so this is playing
a major role for not giving the real
picture of what's happening in Yemen to
the international community mm-hmm missa
missa barren almost seven years ago
Yemenis took to the streets with high
hopes that their uprising would lead to
new vibrant democratic Yemen and put an
end to autocracy seven years later it's
absolute nightmare scenario for for the
Yemenis and for the international
community do you believe that the UN and
the international community can help
bring about a peace building scenario
for Yemen I mean I think at this point
it's there's almost no other option I
think if you look at this situation on
the ground whether we're speaking of any
of the various parties particularly you
know if we're speaking of the Houthis
and their allies or for that matter of
the Mint's allied to the government
absent pressure this conflict will
continue you've reached a situation
where you have this almost you know
despite the fact that these sides are
fighting each other a coexistence among
key warlords who are all you know
ironically making money out of out of
the conflict does you know they got many
people are starving to death so I think
which you do need is some sort of
concerted international effort taking
into consideration the concerns with the
coalition obviously but to sort of
broker some sort of realistic peace deal
that could end the conflict in some
regard because unfortunately I think
when you look at the numbers that Yemen
is seeing when you look at the scale of
the humanitarian crisis any humanitarian
steps are just going to be a drop in the
bucket that's not to say that they're
not positive and needed and if you look
for example the new plan that the
coalition had put out increasing
humanitarian access that's absolutely a
tremendous step that being said as long
as you continue to have these sort of
blockages improved my various warring
parties and factions on Yemen trade and
its economy you're going to continue to
see a situation where the
numbers of impoverished Yemenis will
remain high despite any level of
humanitarian aid miss Metro the UN SF
says that Yemen is one of the worst
places in the world to be a child more
than a half a million children are
affected by cholera we're talking about
also malnutrition I mean when you look
at this particular situation what is
you're concerned if the conflict
continues over the next month's well the
travesty in what's happening in Yemen is
that it's innocent people innocent men
women and children who are not partaking
in the conflicts they're the ones paying
the highest price its civilians who are
suffering they're being injured they're
being killed they're suffering from
preventable diseases from from cholera
from malnutrition we're seeing all this
arise as a consequence of the conflict
so we will see the situation as long as
the conflict continues a situation for
civilians the children for women for
people who are particularly vulnerable
the people have had to flee their homes
people get worse and we're very
concerned we're very concerned because
we're gonna see a situation where the
majority of the population will be in a
debate and those innocent civilians are
the ones that are suffering highest
price in January the santak government
said it would commit 1.5 billion dollars
in you aid to Yemen
we spent or supported this the Yemen
with almost a billion dollar you know
during the last three years in the form
of food security and health security in
as you see this camp there are more than
15 cams in merab only in addition to the
other areas in other define
parts of a Faymann mr. Delmas Molly this
audience is saying that they will commit
1.5 billion dollars of humanitarian aid
to Yemen what do you think should come
first aid or an immediate end to the
fighting the alien is useless if
civilians continue to die what's the use
of aid or a financial help if they're
bombarding Yemen day and night so that
the goal right now is to end the war
it's very worrying and very sad to see
that the international media and a me
when it's specific has been done
basically nothing over the last 300 days
or almost 11 months doing no peace talks
no our aviation Zoar no negotiations
this has led to a long stay late in
Yemen peace talks now as a result next
month you have a new you and invoice you
will start from zero so it's basically
prolonging the sufferings of these
innocent civilians and over the last 18
months no side has been able to gain
ground only limited gains are here and
there but overall those sides have
gained serious proud over the last 18
months which result which shows that
there's no way to end this war
militarily it must happen soon before
thousands of civilians continue to die
from hunger and malnutrition before it's
too late mr. Barron I mean the saudi-led
coalition saying that is committed to
helping the Yemenis in terms of
humanitarian needs but at the same time
if the a strikes continue with the same
scope that we're seeing
isn't this something that which is
likely just to further aggravate the
situation for the millions of Yemenis I
mean I think it's it's difficult to sort
of point fingers in a way there are so
many fingers to point here and you know
the continuing continuing airstrikes and
military offensives on the one hand are
not positive but let's not forget the
Houthis are besieging the city of Thais
just yesterday who with you shall yield
a prominent female lawyer there you know
that's let's not forget that even though
it is much more difficult for
journalists to enter the country
although it would be false to say that
journalists have not been entering the
tree over the pasta 100 hundred 50 days
there was just a very I mean there have
been two significant press delegations
to madam just over the past four months
but even if there this is being
difficult to do coalition measures let's
not forget that the Houthis are also
locking up a journalist and civil
society activists you know left and
right so I think part of what's
necessary is taking us over minded look
it you know at what effectively is going
on and recognizing that no one side is
going to is going to emerge victorious
in this conflict number one and number
two that the longer this war continues
many of the worst elements within Yemen
and we're talking black market activists
or sorry back market actors weapons
smugglers etc will continue to be
enriched which will make any sort of
post-conflict settlement all the more
difficult which comes down to the fact
that humanitarian aid is it's great it's
fantastic and efforts to increase
humanitarian aid are laudable but absent
some sort of larger plan and strategy
and you know agenda to deepen efforts to
resolve the conflict in Yemen any
humanitarian aid will ultimately and
unfortunately beyond sufficient what
Yemen needs more than anything is not
you know more aid what it needs is peace
mmm-hmm peace and aid miss mentor I mean
quite far out there are people who are
desperate for treatment and they can't
afford to go to places together medicine
they so scared sometimes to move from
their own villages sometimes you and
most of the aid agencies have to
negotiate deals to be allowed safe
passage into areas I mean against the
backdrop of this very complex political
security situation I mean what's next
for you I mean what is what is your plan
for for tomorrow if everything continues
the same well every year it's getting
worse and and really our appeal is
twofold number one it needs to be a
stopgap on these humanitarian needs
accruing and the only way for that is
really for a peaceful political solution
because in
absence of pace no matter how much we
respond on the ground it will be futile
if we continue to see more and more
people in need every day more and more
people fleeing their homes more and more
people dying from preventable causes so
we really need a peaceful political
solution and that has to be imminent at
the same time we need we need also
support because we're we're exhausted
here we don't have enough support for
the humanitarian response and we can't
then reach enough people we can't really
impact and save lives as we could so we
need more support for the humanitarian
response and we need the international
community really to step up and and try
and facilitate peace here we need an end
to the conflict that's the only way
that's really going to stop humanitarian
needs mm-hmm mr. Delmas Mali in 2011
hope was that Yemen would be a United
vibrant democracy where people could
enjoy more transparency now we're
talking about different reality the
hearth is controlled the north the
secessionist now seem to have the upper
hand in the southern part of the country
places like ties are divided the hearth
is on one hand and internationally
recognized government of Hady on the
other hand are we talking about a Yemen
which is likely to become a fragmented
nation Yemen will never return to how it
was Hashim and the millions in Yemen
don't care who controls the territory
whether it's the Hat the allies our
father who these are the allies of these
governments who's giving more to these
people who's helping the people the
scariest thing about this war is that
the war violations have become normal
that even international media are giving
it less attention because it's it's
happening on a daily basis from both
sides from both classic sides so this is
a scary part and even those who are
killing the civilians are also not
giving more attention because they know
that there is less is looking at them
and that's why these violations are cut
you kidding me
Yemen two three years from now even if
there is peace how will these millions
of people stand up on their feet again
after this disastrous war that had them
lose everything lost loved ones are
hundreds of thousands of homes our
families have left their home displaced
so on everything they own the extreme
poverty line that they reach today so it
would take years and years even after
the the end of this war but it's
important to end this war right now and
the UN has to play a strong role also
negatively in Sanaa it sounded that the
Houthis are also getting the UN a hard
time sometimes you know in distributing
the aid so also both sides need to
cooperate and need to open the door
doors for each other I understand that
keep the civilians away from this yes
but then again war amongst yourselves go
to mr. Barun why would you pick up I
mean when if you if you were to ask all
the parties to negotiate a settlement
would you go back to the time of the
transitional period in 2013/14 would you
start from where the Houthis took over
the capital into a thousand because we
seem to have a fast-moving political
reality and every day is it just a new
story a new narrative in Yemen indeed
and I think that's a huge challenge
facing the UN and other parties as they
attempt to mediate the conflict Yemen
today is not Yemen as it was in you know
2011 it what's not how it was in when
the Houthis took over in 2014 even the
past year we've seen extremely
significant political changes the
emergence of new actors for example the
Southern Transitional Council the reship
ting of regional dynamics for example
the city of Matt of emerging as a key
population and economic center for the
first time since you know roughly two
millennia so that's a real question
moving forward it's not just a matter
when you have you know key actors like
the UN the International munities
sitting down and trying to source Yemen
out at this point it's not just a matter
of how do we end this war it's also a
matter of how do we acknowledge and take
into account the new political social
and economic realities that have emerged
over the past two or three years on
that's that's really part of the key
challenge and it's not something that I
don't think getting enough discussion
miss Monti I mean if you look at the
figures of the international aid
agencies it just really portray a
horrific reality on the ground this is
one of the poorest nations on earth
70% almost 80% of the children and the
families live below the poverty line 16
million Yemenis need humanitarian
assistance we're talking about one of
the places where the potential for more
explosive conflicts are likely to
continue in the coming days and weeks I
mean what is your what is your next move
for for the humanitarian relief work in
Yemen well because of the sheer number
of needs with 22 million people affected
by conflict and in need we've had to
prioritize assistance to those and so
we're trying to reach those who are
particularly vulnerable people have had
to flee their homes people who are
really a heightened risk so it's it's
not an easy choice but obviously in a
situation like this where wherever
whelmed with this sheer scale of
suffering and also the lack of adequate
support from from the international
community to respond to the crisis then
we have to prioritize aid but really now
as you said right people start this
program we've seen 85,000 people
displaced in just the past few weeks
alone so our priority is really being
able to assist those who are continuing
to free go home as a result of
intensified payments across the country
they're fleeing their homes as your
other guys have said with nothing
absolutely no possessions nowhere to go
nowhere in Yemen is particularly safe so
they may end up fleeing to another
location again there they will have to
flee again so we're trying to reach
those who are really you know traumatize
distressed really need facing very
horrific circumstances through no fault
of their own so our priorities really
just engineering emergency system those
just hope that the sufferings of the
Yemenis come to an end very very soon
this man to mr. mas body mr. Berlin
thank you very much indeed for your
presence or for your contribution to the
show and thank you too
watching you can see the program again
any time by visiting our website
aljazeera.com for further discussion go
to our Facebook page
that's facebook.com forward slash AJ
inside story you can also join the
conversation on twitter our handle is at
AJ inside sorry from me hasha minal
bhava and the whole team here bye for
now
you
