a step towards reconciliation for the
first time since the Korean War more
than half a century ago a member of
North Korea's ruling family is welcomed
in the south the arrival of leader Kim
Jong Un's sister is fascinating many
South Koreans kim yo-jong has quickly
become a power broker in another
historic moment South Korean president
moon jae-in greeted her at the opening
ceremony before she sat near us vice
president Mike Pence the two didn't
appear to exchange greetings then the
moment many had been waiting for North
and South Korean athletes marched under
a unified flag as a celebration of
ethnic nationalism it's the first time
they've done that at an international
sporting event in 11 years moon said the
Pyeongchang Winter Olympics offer a
meaningful opportunity for a world
divided by conflicts to unite critics
say the North Korean charm offensive is
only intended to advance its agenda
most Koreans decided to look nice for a
while on the assumption if you reduce
chance chances that president from will
authorize a military operation but the
problem is that major fundamentals have
not changed most Koreans are determined
to have in Miss ICBM intercontinental
ballistic missiles capable of delivering
a nuclear strike to the continual United
States in the run-up to the games the
North Koreans have absorbed much of the
spotlight first by agreeing to
participate and then by sending a
high-level delegation to the south this
week American diplomats said they would
soon unveil the toughest economic
sanctions against North Korea yet while
also saying a diplomatic solution was
the focus for now this is a moment for
South Koreans to show the world what a
dynamic country they live in during the
opening ceremony spectators were taken
back in time to show the history of the
Korean people and what organizers called
their relentless pursuit of peace or
Nerra is a pentacle employee I hope that
with North Korean athletes participation
this could be peace Olympics and I hope
we can achieve reunification between the
south and the north the mood here is
good South Korea is hosting the Olympics
and athletes are coming from around the
world it's a good opportunity to promote
South Korea and the hope is this will
set the stage not only for a sporting
spectacular but a historic breakthrough
with their northern neighbors
Natacha guy named al jazeera conn-young
South Korea
