my name is Anand Ahuja
I'm the trade of leader bridge studios
and the founder of the regulars art said
this is India's first and the Art Fair
it's not an anti art it's an T Art Fair
and you don't want to be representing
the modern artists they're already out
there they're brands the big brands
people are buying their work anyway we
want to get it get out of the white
boxes we're going to have a proper
representation of the independent
artists and the contemporary arts in
general
thus we create a parallel economy for
these artists this place was actually an
old leather goods factory product
factory and because the opportunity to
take this place up as a venue and
completely transform into an art space
in the most about space this area in
general is actually an extension of the
village kalki village and when people
see these kind of things happening
around them they they want to know more
they are excited about the fact that
there is something happening in their
surroundings and not in a fancy gallery
where you know they they they'll be shy
about entering or even think about going
there in the first place our plan is to
move to different city then not just
metropolitan cities where there is so
much traditional art so we did this in
Delhi because this is the whole town's
is the old of it was easy for us to find
a venue to get things rolling but I
think the next step is in the next six
months to figure out a bigger and a
better plan to take this to a two-tier
City 3002 City
