is North Korea playing games with the
Winter Olympics athletes from both
Koreas are set to march under a unified
flag at the opening ceremony but as the
South falls out the red carpet the North
armed forces were paraded in Pyongyang
so can the honeymoon last this is inside
story
I'm Hoshi mahabhava this is inside story
South Korea's president has been trying
to sell the Winter Games in Pyeongchang
as the peace Olympics he may have got
his wish with an unexpected thaw with
the north the two Koreas decided to talk
at the height of tension over the
North's nuclear bomb and ballistic
missile development the first
face-to-face negotiations in two years
led to the north inclusion in the Winter
Games and now Pyongyang is on the charm
offensive athletes and cheerleaders from
the north are other games ready to march
with competitors from the south and a
unified flag the delegation from north
of the border is being led by the
ceremonial head of state kim yong-nam
he's the highest level leader ever to
visit South Korea also there is the
sister of leader Kim Jong on kim yo-jong
is said to be increasingly powerful and
influential but the u.s. isn't sold vice
president Mike Pence has been speaking
in Tokyo before leading the US
delegation to South Korea he warned the
world not to get taken in by the north
the United States and Japan will
continue to confront the most dangerous
threat in the indo-pacific the rogue
regime in North Korea we will not allow
North Korean propaganda to hijack the
message and imagery of the Olympic Games
we will not allow North Korea to hide
behind the Olympic banner the reality
that they enslave their people and
threaten the wider region and on the eve
of a much-anticipated display of unity
at the Winter Olympics a show force in
Pyongyang a military parade for the 70th
anniversary of the founding of North
Korea's army Kim jong-un warned that
soldiers are ready to fight if the US
and his allies button its sovereignty
included in the convoy of weapons were
intercontinental ballistic missiles the
focus of global alarm frustration and
cantillation
2017 was a busy year for North Korea's
missile and nuclear scientists more than
20 missiles were test launched last year
developments in both short and long
range rocket technology a new missile
blasted off in November larger and more
powerful than any launched from the
north before and capable
analysts say of attacking any city in
the United States but the achievements
came at a cost to the already
poverty-stricken economy with tough new
sanctions imposed by the US and UN let's
bring in our gas by sky from Beijing is
chow her Chang associate professor in
the department of international politics
at renmin university of china from seoul
AC wan-koo publisher of korea expose and
by skype from Bedminster New Jersey is
Gordon Chang a u.s. foreign policy
analyst thank you all for joining us let
me start by asking mr. Koo this this is
a moment when everyone is talking about
the potential for the north and south to
come together set aside their
differences but then we have this
military parade in the north what is Kim
Jong on trying to say by this parade
well I think one thing we need to point
out is that this was not in fact the
kind of occasion any people expected it
to be I think we can say with confidence
that the scale of the parade was not as
grand as some had anticipated and also
the kind of publicity North Korea wanted
to generate for it was clearly limited
there was no live broadcast of the
parade it was only made available later
on state television and also there were
no foreign correspondents invited to
observe the event which was quite
interesting given that the eyes of the
world were on Pyongyang today so the
statement Pyongyang is trying to send is
obviously that they are willing to make
some kind of concession given everything
that has been happening if we want to
recap we have seen this very interesting
and exciting month of engagement between
the two Koreas and I think we can say
with certainty that the moon
administration here in Seoul we try very
hard to calm
North Korea to the best of its abilities
and of course despite the fact that
North Korea has been very adamant that
it was going to have this parade it was
not going to change to date what has
happened today actually shows it is
mindful of what has been what the South
Korean government has been trying to do
and they're willing to make certain
concessions mr. Chung is this a message
of defiance or is just an opportunity by
North Korea to display its military
might well what North Korea was trying
to do is to intimidate the South we got
to remember that within living memory
the North Koreans have not had a parade
during the winter you know this parade
which is meant to mark the foundation
the establishment of the North Korean
army the Korean People's Army normally
occurs in April this is unprecedented so
what they're doing on the eve of the
Olympics is saying to the South Koreans
we're going to subjugate you you know
we're talking about details that made it
look better no this was a real attempt I
think to show hostility and belligerents
and that's the nature of the North
Korean regime the most militaristic on
earth people in South Korea may want to
sugarcoat it but unfortunately that is
what the North Koreans were trying to
say okay let's go to a guest in Beijing
mr. Cho Chang said Chung is this an
opportunity by the North Korean
government to try to show the world it
is capable of one of the most powerful
arsenals in modern times or do you just
find it an opportunity an opportunity
for them to say you know what we're here
yes I think so sir
you seized on one hand North Korea's
have tried to flex its muscles and the
sensory message to the outside world
that North Korea's will continue to
pursue its nuclear and missile programs
and if necessary North Korea as we
confront externus right that's the
message to North Korea tried to send to
the outside world but on other hand I'd
like to says coating a meter preys on
the eve certain lays was
counterproductive but it was not
big deal in comparison with what we have
witnessed in past years North Korea's
conducted numerous new numerous missile
tests and nuclear tests Seoul's North
Korea's so not big deal and also as we
witness the North Korea's is doing some
sense try to minimize its meter praise
impact on the on going up Cummings or
begins for example North Korea's but not
invite foreign journalists in to attend
meter play and also decides what meter
prey was limited mr. ku so this is
happening against the backdrop of the
Winter Olympics do you think that the
games could be this time genuine
opportunity or a platform for both north
or south to set aside their differences
well certainly what the South Korean
government would like to see there's a
reason why the government wanted to
reduce tensions here because they feel
that this is a very important
precondition for dialogue it's face it
it's not possible that there can be any
negotiation while Pyongyang and
Washington both engage in
threats and belligerents so now it seems
as though the climate is coming into
place and there is potential but of
course the government is moving very
carefully to make sure that other pieces
sell fall into their places for example
I think what we have seen from Pyongyang
so far is that despite its commitment to
showing this kind of force and
maintaining its hostile gesture it is
willing to engage in at least some form
of change and and what is going to be
very important for South Korea is that
it needs to put enough persuasion into
play so that Washington might also
reciprocate in return and that is going
to be the very difficult part for the
government given what we have heard from
key members of the Trump administration
so far mr. Chang the north
Korean delegation is led by senior
members including the sister of Kim
jong-un who is playing increasing roles
now in North Korea is there any message
that the North Koreans are trying to
send by the level of their own
delegation oh yeah this is interesting
because president Trump announced that
his daughter Ivanka would attend the
closing ceremonies so the North Koreans
one-up that by sending the sister of Kim
jong-un kim yo-jong and this is
important because this is the first
immediate family member of the Kim
family to set foot in South Korea so
this is going to be an important game of
chess and we're seeing this in across
the board
you know vice president pence came in
and said that not gonna allow the North
Koreans to hijack the Olympics so there
is this geopolitical competition going
on during what the South Koreans call
the peace Olympics this is absolutely
fascinating search on the level of the
delegation the senior members from of
Korea attending the games do you find it
as a an overture to towards the South
Koreans or just an attempt by North
Korea to test waters and see how things
are going to move forward in the near
future it's very important to witness
who will come to attend opening ceremony
from North Korea's certainly is akin to
nan and determine of National People's
Congress where attained and also and top
leader of North Korea's young young
sisters will come to attend that send
were strong signals that North Korea is
the serious Abad improves relationship
with north with sauce premise that's the
one things we have to keep in mind but
other other hands we have to get into
the issues whether or not the two
currents could discuss North Korea's
nuclear issues and the missile issues in
addition to are they symbolic issues
like the cherry
the scores and our performers
that's all carries of our symbolic
meanings but most important things
whether or not the two countries we
touch the North Korean nuclear issues
and promote the discussions between
North Korea North Korea and the United
States mr. ku the South Korean president
moon jae-in said hey is committed to
pursue the reconciliation with North
Korea now when it comes to
reconciliation what do you think is the
top priority nuclear issue the
escalation well I mean the escalation is
obviously important but the government
has made it very clear that in pursuing
the escalation their ultimate goal is
denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula
I don't think anybody can question that
what is however being questioned is the
method the government is using to arrive
that that goal so I think there's a lot
of doubt I think in the international
circle as to whether this particular
policy is going to work whether setting
sending out such a warm welcome for the
North Korean delegation accommodating
these high-ranking members of Pyongyang
the lead circle not to mention that
today there were reports president moon
might in fact even meet with Kim Jong
sister so that's that's a lot of welcome
being shown but in return what can the
government actually expect as your
guests in China has just said I think
the important thing is to bring the
discussion back to the issue of what to
do with North Korea's nuclear program
and that is not entirely clear at the
moment I think what the government has
already hinted at is they think it is
very important to bring Pyongyang and
Washington together to talk to each
other directly and unfortunately given
the kind of messages we have seen from
for example vice president Mike Pence it
seems that the US side is not especially
interested in this possibility
despite the fact President Trump has
actually come out saying that dialogue
it may not be a bad thing and something
good might come out of the Olympics and
he's willing to wait and see what
happens China is North Korea's main ally
the Chinese Foreign Minister says
negotiations are the only way to break
what he called the vicious cycle on the
peninsula
Giancana Chantal pagoda we cannot merely
rely on the efforts of the south and the
north all the parties should make joint
efforts we won't be able to make our
goal if some are trying to open the door
while others are trying to close it we
hope that all the parties can continue
to follow the resolutions of the UN
Security Council and suspend all actions
that may intensify the conflict and to
do their best to maintain the peace and
stability of the peninsula mr. Chiang
there are two options here first
military confrontation everyone knows
the massive cost of that confrontation
if it happens then there is the second
option which is political choice
everyone knows that the Chinese
government has huge leverage over North
Korea do you think this is a path the
Americans Americans should pursue in the
near future
the United States should try to talk to
North Korea but only when North Korea
understands it has no choice but to
disarm talking to North Korea before
then is unproductive as we've seen in
the various negotiations with the north
covering three decades you know they'll
just use the time to perfect their
arsenal and the Chinese are going to
help the North Koreans with not only
technology but also financing all the
rest of it so you know the United States
has a strong policy and that is to cut
off money flows to the North Koreans so
they can't launch missiles so they can't
detonate nukes so that Kim jong-un can't
engage and give politics and that's the
way to do it because when the North
Koreans understand they have no choice
but to disarm that's when you talk to
them but this is American policy yeah
mr. Chang this doesn't seem to be paying
off because when you look at the string
of tests that were conducted by the
North Koreans over the last year you can
see that they are moving forward to
words established
a very strong internet intercontinental
ballistic missiles well there are signs
from North Korea that the sanctions are
having an effect so for instance some
officials in Pyongyang are not getting
their rations through their special
distribution visit channels all the rest
of it but you know the point I think is
that the United States has not been
vigorous enough in enforcing sanctions
so for instance we should be going after
Chinese banks that have been laundering
money for the North Koreans we should be
imposing costs on China for violating UN
sanctions as recently as the last
several months unless we do these things
there won't be a peaceful solution so
what we have to do I think is to be even
more strict in enforcing sanctions not
only against the North Koreans but also
against their big power sponsors the
Chinese and the Russians as well others
that have been supporting the North
Korean economy because our guests in
Beijing cha-chang why the Chinese are
not doing enough to put pressure on the
North Korean to stop their nuclear or to
abandon their nuclear program secretin
has done enough to pressure North Korea
to abandon its nuclear and missile
programs since 2006 Chinese government
has endorsed eleven United Nations
Security Council resolutions China has
been the leading trade partner to North
Korea's in order to sanction that
countries in all the possible countries
wrongdoings and the China made huge
sacrifices that you cut to reduce his
trade with that countries and one
channel endorsed United Nations Security
Council to adopt economic sanctions
against the North Korea China would be
the first offset country to for the
victims of such kind of sanctions as a
mission rated as a missile it'd be
delayed early as China was and still is
leading to it parlor to that country
ignored sanctioned hurt North Korea but
also returned about China
willing to make such a sacrifice and
they will continue to do sales
mmm-hmm mr. cool when you see that
Chinese the North and South Korea
athletes walking under the same white
and blue flag you would assume that in
an ideal world North and South can come
together and they'll solve their
problems but from the conversation now
it looks like we need more regional
powers to step in do you think that if
the Chinese the Russians the Americans
can come together that could be
conducive to any permanent solution well
this is the reality that many South
Koreans recognize that this is this may
have become a very prosperous country
but it is a country that does not
necessarily have the political power on
the global stage to match that which is
why the government also sees that it
needs to work with these what partners
in the region whether it be China Russia
Japan and of course the United States to
have some kind of solution that
everybody can agree on but as the
exchanges now between your guests in the
US and in China have revealed I think
there is a not as much consensus as
South Koreans would like to see mr.
Chung I believe in the US has made a
good point that despite all that has
been said China in fact does not seem to
be live living up to its part in
enforcing these sanctions as North Korea
and I say that because this is the
widespread feeling here in South Korea
many people here unhappy about the kind
of role that Beijing has played in
allowing North Korea to get away with
these sanctions for example the very
damning reports the surface recently
regarding the transfer of oil from ship
to ship so those kind of things really
make people here question okay there can
ever be consensus that really forces
North Korea to accept that it is an
isolated player on a very large global
scale mr. Chang I mean from many say
that from a North Korean perspective the
properties that the Americans have not
been given them enough incentives
because you know for many decades the
North Koreans have been sticking to two
points first they wanted to pursue
bilateral talks with the Americans too
they wanted the peace treaty
of 1953 to be replaced do you think that
the two incentives could break the ice
well I think what could break the ice
our initial discussions during the
Olympics because you do have kim yo-jong
the sister of kim jong-un she perhaps is
the only person that Kim listens to and
you have vice president Pence who has
not ruled out conversations with the
North Koreans and obviously they're
going to be small steps but they're
irreconcilable differences here because
North Korea has a position going back to
its founding in 1948 that it is a
legitimate government for all of Korea
and the Korean War was an intent to
impose a solution by force and North
Korea since that time has been willing
to use force to kill South Koreans kill
Americans to achieve that goal so
there's a lotta gap year and it is in
sense erecting wobble but you know these
conversations that could occur during
the Olympics arranged by president mode
could certainly help mm-hmm sir
chou-heung from a Chinese perspective
what's what's wrong with having the two
Koreas come together and unite does it
pose any strategic risk for China I
think also sees there's a number of
countries are divided a China is one of
the countries and the South Korea and
North Korea are one of the countries and
I think it's R for Charlie it's no
reason for the country to prevent the
two currents from pursue a unified state
hold and it's morally wrong and
practically China cannot stand a ways
and also if China promote the crane
national unification is served China's
national introduce China couid pursuing
its own national unity with Taiwan mr.
ku I mean there is the opposition in
South Korea which is opposed to any
rapprochement with North Korea but also
there is a general sentiment among
people which does not seem to be at this
particular moment in favor of strong
ties with North Korea
is there something that could put more
pressure on the president to pursue his
agenda that's a very good question in
fact because even as mr. moon has been
pursuing this policy of a posh mom what
we have seen here in South Korea is that
he's dealing with a very divided a
domestic electorate not everybody is
happy about what he's doing although he
came from a very strong place
politically speaking because he replaced
a very unpopular president here just
last year
his approval rating certainly has
dropped significantly about 10 points
over a four-week period and I think some
of you or some of the other guests might
have seen that in fact there have been
limited protests going on at the Olympic
site against presence and participation
of North Koreans in the Olympics you
have to understand that Koreans are
ideologically divided it often comes
down to 50/50 over any kind of issue and
North Korea is an issue that really
generates a very strong emotional
reaction here and in fact there are
people I will say were afraid that what
North Korea is doing at the moment
pursuing reconciliation and dialogue may
simply be a kind of precursor to more
serious and frightening form of
aggression mostly we have live as this
in fact might be a way to try and gain
more leverage thank you thank you mr. C
wan-koo mr. cha cha Chun and mr. Gordan
Chang thank you very much she did for
your contribution to the show and thank
you too for watching you can see that
program again any time by visiting our
web site aljazeera.com for further
discussion go to our Facebook page
that's facebook.com forward slash AJ
inside story you can also join the
conversation conversation on twitter our
handle is at aj inside story from me
hashem al but on the whole team here bye
for now
you
