confidence-building step it was a
marathon speech the longest continuous
address ever made in the House of
Representatives for 8 hours and 7
minutes Nancy Pelosi who turns 78 next
months spoke about the plight of young
immigrants in America with just a few
sips of water to keep her going every
Jay courageous patriotic dreamers lose
their status every day the American
Dream slips further out of reach as
members of Congress we have a moral
responsibility to act now to protect
dreamers who are the pride of our nation
in our American every way but on paper
hello.c was speaking out against the
compromised federal budget deal
announced by Senate leaders it doesn't
protect the so-called dreamers from
deportation their undocumented
immigrants who came to the US as
children Senate leaders admit the budget
deal isn't perfect but say it'll avert a
fast approaching government shutdown
this bill is the product of extensive
negotiations among congressional leaders
and the White House no one would suggest
it is perfect but we worked hard to find
common ground and stay focused on
serving the American people the budget
deal doesn't have everything Democrats
want it doesn't have everything
Republicans want but it has a great deal
of what the American people want the
budget deal if approved will lift caps
on military and domestic spending but
first it must get through the House of
Representatives and there's opposition
from both Republicans and Democrats this
will probably pass the Senate but in the
house it's a meeting with opposition
from a lot of very conservative
Republicans who are deficit hawks and
object to the fact that this deal will
add half a trillion dollars to the
federal budget deficit and Democrats are
angry led by Nancy Pelosi because it
doesn't do anything to protect the
so-called dreamers the contentious issue
of protecting undocumented migrants led
to a brief government shutdown last
month it could well do so again soon to
make America more America
Victoria Gaytan be al Jazeera
