we need to end chain migration when the
White House uses the term chain
migration it's meant to suggest migrants
yanking a chain and pulling in all of
their unskilled extended family to
settle in the US but that cell migration
has worked in the US since the country's
founding researchers have dug up some
notable examples of families reuniting
after settling in the US for example
Donald Trump his mother left Scotland to
join her sister who'd already settled in
the US and whose grandfather moved from
Germany at the end of the 19th century
to join his sister who'd been granted
residency the year before he spoke
little English he had trained as a
barber's apprentice but there was no
critical shortage of barbers in the u.s.
such ancestral journeys are common in
the administration Vice President Mike
Pence too wouldn't be in the US where it
not for what he calls chain migration
his grandfather was one of several and
his family who took advantage of his
siblings u.s. residency and then there's
White House adviser Stephen Miller one
of the architects of the tough line
against immigration his
great-great-grandfather was pulled into
the US by an on blood relative from
Belarus assimilation was hard for the
family
Miller's great-grandmother still didn't
speak English four years after her
arrival and that's exactly the sort of
migrant Miller is seeking to prevent
from arriving on us shores so we're
proposing to limit family based
migration to spouses and minor children
what will this system look at it will
look at does the applicant speak English
can they support themselves and their
families financially do they have a
skill that will add to the US economy at
Washington's Cato Institute they
estimate that the effect of the
administration's immigration framework
will lead to the largest cut in legal
immigration since the 1920s a 44 percent
cut annually excluding nearly 22 million
people over the next 50 years in the 20s
politicians were overt about their
racism but now according to David Baer
there are also naked political
considerations so I do believe there is
a political motivation as well they fear
immigrants will come in and a vote for
Democrats and Democrats think that the
immigrants will come in and vote for
their party
it's widely accepted that the u.s.
already near the bottom of a ECD
countries for the number of immigrants
it accepts needs immigration for its
economic development and tax base as its
population ages but of course there's
nothing new about u.s. politicians
scapegoating migrants even when they
themselves are the descendants of poor
unskilled non-english speaking migrants
sheer brute antsy Al Jazeera
Washington
