in the summer and oven and in the winter
and icebox that's how this mother
describes the whom she shares with her
teenage daughters the 16 square meter
Shack is perched on top of a 22 story
building totallys food the ceiling when
it rains one of the windows cracked
during the typhoon and we could only
cover it with tape and paper or log out
the power tower Gigi she moved into this
illegal structure ten years ago after
her husband died they live under the
constant threat of eviction and now the
landlord wants to raise the rent from
the current $500 a month we don't have
any rent control reservation or any
protection for the tendancy so that's
why for the poor people is very high
human rights advocacy groups say more
than a quarter of a million people in
Hong Kong live in illegal structures or
squalid conditions and every year that
number rises by 20 percent private
housing prices have gone up four hundred
and thirty percent since 2013 while the
average household income has only
increased 45 percent in the past decade
which means fewer people can afford
property in the city and with the
average wait for public housing at
around five years there has been a call
for a more innovative approach to the
crisis and this is one suggestion the
open tube housing is made from readily
available concrete pipes its creators
say they can be stacked up and squeeze
into vacant spaces in urban areas to
provide starter homes another idea being
discussed is container homes shipping
containers are already used as offices
or shops in some areas but these
architects say there is another solution
one that addresses the fact that only 7%
of the city's land is used for
residential purposes industrial uses is
changing in Hong Kong you don't need so
many factory buildings it's a big stock
of them and if you convert that to
residential that's going to bring on
stream a lot of floor area for
residential very quickly experts say the
problem is not a lack of space but
government policy unlike other cities
here the government owns all the land
and leased
is a limited amount to developers and so
if property prices drop so does the
government's revenue which means there's
little incentive to bring down the
sky-high prices
the Vigo Palin al-jazeera Hong Kong
