it's a retail supergiant and with more
than 300,000 staff is one of the largest
employers in the country but is Tesco
failing to pay people fairly
Kim element is one of dozens of female
employees taking legal action against
the company it is to do with pay and
it's to do with being paid the same for
work that we perceive to be of equal
value to our employer I think that it's
been the case for a long time where they
have paid different pay grades without
explanation and I feel it is time now
for Tesco to step up and to explain why
they perceive certain skills as more
valuable than other skills the law firm
representing the claimant says that
staff working in warehouse style
distribution centers most of the men get
paid significantly more as much as four
dollars an hour more than workers in
these Tesco stores most of the staff
here women over a year it could mean a
pay disparity of around $7,000 for work
that may be different but lawyers argue
has equal merit this is what equal value
work is all about is looking at the
demands that are made on the individual
and the value of that role to the
employer so it's precisely to widen the
scope before equal work means so when
you hear that mantra equal pay for equal
work
that the scope of equal work is quite
enormous the underpayment might apply to
more than two hundred thousand Tesco
staff meaning the final compensation
bill for the company could be in the
billions of dollars Tesco says it's yet
to receive details of the claim and
cannot comment for the company added
that Tesco has always been a place for
people to get on in their career
regardless of their gender background or
education and we work hard to make sure
all our colleagues are paid equally and
fairly for the jobs they do the case
follows similar action against two more
UK supermarkets Asda and Sainsbury's
both are fighting legal battles
involving thousands of employees
in recent months several major companies
including the BBC have had to address
concerns over unequal pay and gender
bias more and more firms are now being
forced to review their own practices or
run the risk of forking out record
payments the Barker al-jazeera
London
