man to know what you're thinking another
day of political drama entry and emotion
on Capitol Hill all because of Brett
Cavanaugh's nomination to become the
next US Supreme Court justice on Friday
morning two women who called themselves
sexual assault survivors confronted
Arizona Republican Jeff Flake a swing
vote on Kavanagh they called on flake
not to allow a man accused of sexual
violence to sit on the Supreme Court
after that flake voted to send
Cavanaugh's nomination to the full
Senate and he insisted the vote be
delayed by a week so that the FBI could
investigate several sexual assault
charges against the nominee we ought to
do what we can to make sure that that we
do all due diligence with a nomination
this important shockingly the Republican
Party leadership agreed they had been
stonewalling similar calls from
Democrats and survivor groups what may
have helped an apparent change of heart
on Friday from US president Donald Trump
who had also called such an
investigation unnecessary I'm gonna let
the Senate handle that they'll make
their decisions and they've been doing a
good job and very professional the
development comes at the end of a
contentious hearing to recommend
Cavanaugh's nomination with
demonstrators getting arrested and
Senators walking out in protest the big
argument
whether the republican-controlled panel
was taking seriously christine Blasi
ford's allegation that Kavanagh tried to
rape her in 1982 Democrats said the
panel was ignoring Blasi Ford because it
wasn't demanding an FBI investigation
when it came to these allegations they
wanted to cut off that process and you
have to ask why you have to ask that but
Republicans said Cavanaugh's previous
FBI background checks never found any
signs he sexually assaulted women and so
there was no need for a new
investigation all I can say about miss
Ford I feel sorry for her and I do
believe something happened to her and I
don't know when and where but I don't
believe it was Brett
Cavanagh congressional Republicans and
President Donald Trump's say this new
FBI investigation can only focus on what
they call credible allegations that's
starting to set off a whole new round of
arguments with congressional Democrats
what is certain though is that public
pressure to find out whether Brett
Kavanaugh ever assaulted any woman has
yielded results at least for now
rosalind jordan al jazeera Capitol Hill
