prepared for battle 500 fighters stand
to attention listening to their final
commands before they head off to the
frontline these are soldiers from the
Free Syrian Army zal Hamza Brigade young
and old they hail from all parts of
Syria most have been fighting since the
revolution turned into a war in the
early days the enemy was one the regime
of Bashar al-assad whose army had killed
innocent protesters forcing many of its
own soldiers to defect and form the Free
Syrian Army now however the war in Syria
is a quagmire of different armies groups
and factions some fighting for land and
power others for survival I love they're
all the same the YPG ISIL and the Assad
regime it's the same oppression all of
them have killed and tortured our people
this brigade is being supported by the
Turkish army whose soldiers fight
side-by-side with the FSA in their
ongoing offensive in northern Syria it's
an attempt to defeat the Kurdish militia
group the YPG which Ankara considers to
be a terrorist organization responsible
for numerous rocket attacks on Turkey
that have killed several of its citizens
both the Turkish military and the Free
Syrian Army are keen to emphasize the
diverse background of these fighters
they're made up of Kurds Turkmen and
Arabs as far as the Turkish military is
concerned this is a fight against a
terrorist organization the YPG far as
these fighters are concerned this is a
continuation in their 8th year long war
and battle for freedom in Syria the YPG
in its supporters accused turkey of
waging war against them simply because
they are Kurdish but this fighter from
the FSA occured himself dismisses that
after SATA Solara Solomon and the
Revolution began Kurds demanded freedom
but the YPG joined hands with Assad's
army and started attacking the people as
Kurds were discriminated against by the
government and our lands are occupied by
the YPG terrorists but God willing we
will be free
it's hard to question the commitment of
these fighters in their pursuit for
freedom their training and readiness
however appears to be amateur the vast
majority of them have no formal military
training most led simpler more peaceful
lives before this war began their
commander tells me that while their
immediate target is our freeing and
defeating the YPG there it is Assad and
his regime who are their main enemy the
YPG and acid are two sides of the same
coin like I said they have killed
thousands and expelled the people from
their homes
from assets army to Hezbollah fighters
to ISIL and now the Kurdish militia
these men have fought countless battles
in search of freedom that freedom has
remained elusive
the only reality they've seen is death
and destruction who knows maybe one day
this war will end jamal al al al jazeera
us as northern Syria
