the Marshall Islands is a tiny Pacific
nation with very big problems once
ground zero for America's Cold War
atomic testing it's been left with a
toxic radioactive legacy now rising sea
levels threaten to swallow the islands
and if that happens deadly nuclear waste
will be released into the ocean unstitch
ow on this episode of 101 East we
investigate how one of the world's
smallest countries is paying for the
actions of a global superpower
we're halfway between Australia and
Hawaii in the middle of a seemingly
endless Pacific Ocean the Loess chains
of mostly uninhabited islands that
together form the nation of the Marshall
Islands Bikini Atoll known around the
world the atomic testing
where we're going is much more remote a
place with nearly twice as many tests
were carried out some the biggest
history spread over 2 million square
kilometers of the Central Pacific the
Marshall Islands is a scattering of more
than a thousand islands and islets few
people have heard of in a we talk but
it's the ground zero of us nuclear
testing in the Pacific
the welcome sign hints at what we've
come to see but when you know what it
really is few would want to visit this
place this at all is a ring of 40
islands so remote that there's no
regular transport in or out it'll be a
week before our plane returns if we're
lucky it's a stunning place but its
beauty hides a dark dirty secret this is
a place whose atomic past is seeded into
its present the people of Ana we top
were forced into exile by the atomic
fallout allowed to return after three
decades a new generation is learning
about the traditions and customs of this
place they have also been taught about
America's toxic legacy and how it lies
under a giant dome
they understand so more they understand
that we have a voice in our in our
island that is what they call bison they
know that there's a tomb because they
have been there so the dome you call it
the tomb
we set out the next morning to see for
ourselves
after nearly two hours we approached one
of Enewetak at oles 40 islands what
we've come to see is hard to spot from
the beach only from the air can you get
a true sense of the scale of what the
United States military calls the dome
the dome is actually a dump
it contains the toxic leftovers of some
of the most powerful atomic bombs in
history America's cold war legacy it is
a tomb of nuclear waste the dome is
completely unlabeled there's no fence
there are no guards there people can go
there if they want and there's nobody to
stop
from 1946 to 1958
the United States detonated dozens of
atomic bombs in the Marshall Islands
and while in a wheat hock is hardly
known its closest neighbor 300
kilometers to the east became synonymous
with nuclear fallout
it's name is bikini
I'll from the Kioto Brian I don't think
I'll be able to go back communities just
not clean enough for us it's not safe
one of the countries
laughs traditional navigators Allison
Kellen is adrift living in exile because
he's not allowed to return home to
bikini a head of the atomic testing
there in the 1940s the United States
told Allison kilims family and the 167
people of his at hole that they had a
duty to the world to leave their Islands
it was a moment filmed by the military's
PR unit all right now James will you
tell them that the United States
government now wants to turn this great
discussive force into something good for
mankind and that this experiments here
at the Keeney are the first step in that
direction are they willing to go and
everything well you tell them and King
Judah that everything being in God's
hands it cannot be other than good and
here by the way you hear them singing it
their marshalese version
of you are my sunshine the islanders are
a nomadic group and are well pleased
that the Yanks are going to add a little
variety to their life the impacts of
twelve years of nuclear testing in the
Marshall Islands included increased
rates of thyroid and other cancers and
the permanent exile of people from their
home islands in 1986 as part of a deal
to give the Marshall Islands
independence the u.s. paid 150 million
dollars later an independent tribunal
awarded more than two billion dollars to
victims of the testing program less than
four million was ever paid the Tribunal
office in the capital Majuro
is no longer operating with most claims
unresolved sitting in files gathering
dust the US government policy on the
nuclear weapons legacy in the Marshall
Islands is to simply downgrade and
dismiss health hazards as non-existent
or insignificant chief Johnson is the
publisher of the Marshall Islands
journal the country's only newspaper for
three decades he's been a passionate
advocate for the local people his wife
Darlene Kay Joo was a famous nuclear
survivor who died of cancer aged just 45
it really makes us wonder if Marshall
Islanders will ever get justice from the
nuclear weapons tests that were
conducted here and justice is the right
word it's really important to understand
that that a lot of nuclear contaminated
material was tossed into a crater left
over from a bomb test a Korell at hole
essentially and a coral atoll by its
nature is porous
when the US was getting ready to clean
up and leave and leave 1970s they picked
the pit that had been left by one of the
smaller atomic explosions and dumped a
lot of this plutonium and other
radioactive waste into the pit and
covered it over with an 18 inch thick
dome and left
the dome was never meant to be anything
but a temporary solution to the problem
of atomic waste at almost every stage of
its construction safety was sacrificed
to save money Michel Gerard is a u.s.
climate change specialist who's visited
the dome the bottom of the dome is just
what was left behind by the nuclear
weapons explosion it's permeable soil
there was no effort to line it and
therefore the seawater is inside the
dome already they see sometimes washes
over it you know in a large storm and
the United States government has
acknowledged that a major typhoon could
break it apart and caused all of the
radiation in it to disperse you can see
why rune it's remoteness made it seem
like a good place for the dome and its
contaminated contents but like most of
the islands of the Marshalls Runet is
barely a metre above sea level at its
highest point when this dome was built
in the late 1970s there was no factoring
in sea level rises caused by climate
change now every day when the tide rolls
out as it is now radioactive isotopes
from underneath the dome roll out with
it that though is the connection between
the nuclear age and the climate change
age it'll be a very devastation even if
it really leaks we're not talking just
the Marshall Islands we're talking the
whole Pacific Ocean
I think it's really telling that that
the ocean is rising and it's and it's
and it's making this nuclear waste leak
out because in a lot of ways this
climate change issue has also been
revived revitalizing a lot of
conversations about our nuclear legacy
every time someone talks about climate
change you can't ignore our nuclear
legacy as well it's linked Kathy gentoku
Gena is a poet and climate change
activists she's proud of her marshalese
heritage it's my home it's where I'm
from it's where my family's from my
ancestors they've been here for
thousands of years and and those there's
also just nothing like it anywhere else
and it's a part of who I am a rising
leader of her nation
Kathy Kjetil Kitchener was invited to
the 2014 United Nations climate change
summit in New York to speak about how
the Marshall Islands is on the front
line in the battle against rising sea
levels the Marshall Islands encompasses
more than 2 million square kilometers of
ocean I mean it's the United Nations
these are world leaders from all over
and it was the first time that I was
able to share something that I was I
cared about you know something about the
islands and what she shared was a poem
about climate change a poem
addressed to her infant daughter or a
seven-month-old sunrise of gummy smiles
you are bald as an egg and bald of the
Buddha you are thighs that are thunder
shrieks that are lightning so excited
for bananas hugs and our morning walks
along the lagoon
dear Mata Filipino I want to tell you
about that Lagoon that lazy lounging
Lagoon lounging against the sunrise men
say that one day that Lagoon will devour
you they say it will gnaw at the
shoreline chew at the roots of your
breadfruit trees gulp down rows of sea
walls and crunch through your islands
shattered bones deer lots of Filipino
don't cry mommy promises you no one will
come and devour you
no one's drowning baby no one's moving
no one's losing their homeland no one's
gonna become a climate change refugees
in a place known for sober speeches and
pokerface diplomacy Kathy gentle kitchen
has pledged to her daughter to fight
climate change moved many to tears I
mean when they all stood up I kind of
thought they were just being polite
but I just found out later that's not
that doesn't happen all the time
some estimates put the sea-level rise
here in excess of 60 centimeters by the
end of this century that's enough to
inundate three quarters of the country
now we're on alert every time there's a
high tide because the water will come
over and flood our houses you know crash
against homes or destroy homes it'll dry
the crops and you know that didn't ever
happen before you know we're getting a
lot of more extreme weathers like
droughts too and so it's just gotten a
lot worse in the past couple years it
will kill a reef so he kills our reef I
kill some fish kill some food and you
know Martha has a very very limited land
so there's really nothing for us to
survive on so I would you know I would
say the very very short time I cannot
give you the year but we will gradually
probably start moving out soon so the
clock is ticking before you hear it it
is ticking
for many Marshallese the dome on Runa
Thailand remains a potent symbol of the
threat of climate change it may be made
from half metre thick concrete panels
but as we've seen elsewhere the ocean is
likely to win out over concrete every
time the radiation levels of the people
of Enewetak are supposed to be monitored
here in this space-age us-built lab on
the main island but when we visit the
machine for assessing radioactive
exposure isn't working and as we're
about to find out it's not just the
people of the Marshall Islands who were
living with the fallout from what
happened here all those years ago this
was the site of the largest nuclear
cleanup in United States history
4,000 young soldiers toiled here for
years to fill in the bomb crater
underneath this dome among the more than
80,000 cubic meters of contaminated soil
and debris was plutonium one of the most
toxic substances on the planet for many
of the young soldiers who worked here
there was a high price to pay
those young men are now in their 50s and
60s and few in the United States know
their story
the suburban sprawl of Las Vegas feels
like another world away from the remote
emptiness Savannah we talk at all but
the dome is something former US soldier
Jim and roll can never forget and
neither can he forgive I had never even
heard of a time we talked I never knew
that there were 43 nuclear tests up I
didn't know I was radioactive they
didn't tell us so we landed everybody
kind of pretty much flipped out when
they found out radioactive I was told I
was going to visit a tropical paradise
for the last six months of the service
the specialists in the Army's 84th
Engineer Battalion gia mandrill was one
of thousands of US soldiers sent to help
clean up in a we talked at all in the
1970s a thousand workers from the US
Armed Forces are giving the northern
islands a facelift striving to dig and
scrape away the radioactive soil and
debris this US news story shows soldiers
on any we talk wearing radiation suits
but Jim and roll says this was just a
show for the TV cameras there was no
special gear issued we were just issued
our normal a warm weather year which
would have been shorts t-shirts hats and
in the jungle boots and that's a-- and
will you given radioactive
decontamination trent no no more was
there any safety equipment no if people
do come back to Runa Thailand they'll be
risking perhaps the hottest radiation on
earth this island won't be fit for human
habitation again for at least 24,000
years on Rena Thailand site of the dome
soldiers were exposed to one of the most
toxic substances known the result of a
bomb test gone wrong one of the
attempted nuclear weapons explosions
didn't work and so the plutonium rather
than having a nuclear blast was just
broken apart by the conventional
explosions leading to a about 400
little chunks of plutonium that were
spread all around the atoll those 400
chunks were put in plastic bags and
tossed into the crater underneath the
dime well there you have us round up
walk around pick up loose pieces for
instance and just gather up whatever we
could throw it in a pile and I never had
any clue that dust could literally get
into your lungs but these guys were
dealing with that every day all of us
were Declassified US government
documents revealed that Washington knew
the troops would be exposed to plutonium
on Runet Island this secret cable from
1972 talks about the existence of solid
plutonium bearing chunks on the island
surface it warned that the quantity of
plutonium was undoubtedly large and that
it presented a new and serious concern
many of the US soldiers in particular
who worked at and we talked have since
come down with illnesses that they say
were caused by their work their G
mandrill is one of those soldiers for
years he suffered from a myriad of
complaints he says a link to his service
on in a we talk he had his gallbladder
out shortly after that they found a
seven and a half pound tumor cancerous
tumor in his abdomen
I suffer from roughly forty to forty
five residuals from again sir I've got
to patriot itis we've got a spot on my
liver that they're watching kidneys the
problem for former cleanup workers like
Jim and roll is it unlike the other US
soldiers involved in the atomic tests
the government does not recognize them
as atomic veterans this means the four
thousand cleanup veterans have no
special health care coverage many are
lumbered with crippling medical bills
Washington argues safety precautions on
in a we talk were exemplary that workers
radiation exposure fell below
recommended limits and did their
illnesses and the time they spent on in
a we talk and not linked I mean these
people were in the army what choice
today out they were told go clean up
anywhere time they went I think mostly
they're trying to get health coverage
medical care because they've got just
out of the some of them have terrible
bills really high bill bills from from
hospitals because of their treatment
there has never been a formal study of
the health of Enewetak workers that one
informal survey reported that hundreds
suffered problems such as cancers
brittle bones and birth defects in their
children okay yeah little boy feeling
strange the I might have had some
damages done to another part of my body
when they were putting in the stomach
aneurysm and we took veteran Ken Kecak
knows all about hospital bills we meet
in Hawaii although by the time I arrived
Ken has been rushed to intensive care
with a brain aneurysm there's a 24 year
old he was working at a US Air Force
Base in Hawaii when he was asked if he
was interested in running the military
exchange on an idyllic Pacific atoll
called in a we talked Oh Sammy up that's
it I'm dying my whole vision in life was
to live on a deserted tropical South
Pacific island watch out what you tell
the Lord it came through
this would be no posting to paradise not
long after arriving on in a we talked
Ken casick realized he was living and
working in the middle of a massive
nuclear cleanup one centered on the dome
on Rena Thailand it was a very dirty
operation and the same vehicles that
transported this filthy filthy horrible
atomic waste to ruin it the boys are on
these boats you can see the crap going
on their faces and their bodies you know
you cannot get away from it like Jim and
roll Ken Kecak says he was never given
any safety gear or training
he says the thousands of young men sent
into the cleanup had no idea of what
they were exposed to it's a total secret
we didn't even know the guys didn't know
none of those guys would would be in an
area that's so contaminated if they knew
about it and we relied to and our boys
worked six month tours on a dirty island
and the government says you were never
there ken Kecak has undergone nearly 40
surgeries for cancerous lesions which he
blames on his timer Nana we talked but
he and Jim and roll count themselves
lucky America dumped all of their worse
rubbish to the marshalese and abandoned
them whether it's a disgusting shame and
it it it looks it makes us look bad
unless the natives expressed for the
people of the United States they are
welcome in their simplicity and their
pleasantness and their courtesy
more than willing to cooperate although
they don't understand
the world of nuclear energy any more
than we do
Runa dome embodies in justices in many
different ways the fact that all these
weapons were exploded there the fact
that this plutonium was left behind the
fact that the workers who worked there
have not been compensated and very
importantly the fact that the entire
nation is endangered by sea level rise
which has caused mostly by the
greenhouse gas emissions of the major
emitting countries of which the US was
historically number one these are an
accumulation of Justices
these are situations where the
marshalese people are almost are either
guinea pigs or they're just seen as
disposable were seen as disposable in
both of these situations
we're disposable our lives don't matter
the war matters nuclear bombs matter our
lives don't matter
oil matters money matters gas matters
you know profits matter
