I am for me okay I'm Malika Bilal
protests politically motivated arrests
and a state of emergency in the Maldives
so what does it mean for the country's
future
this show really have that community
buzzing on Twitter and if you're joining
us live on YouTube you can doing the
conversation as well and you too could
be in the stream a political crisis is
unfolding in the Maldives where just
this week president Abdulla yameen
declared a state of emergency the
situation escalated in part because of a
standoff between president yameen and
the Maldives Supreme Court last week the
court threw out a terrorism conviction
against the country's former President
Mohamed Nasheed
the justices also ruled that a number of
other political opponents had unfairly
been convicted and ordered their release
on Tuesday security forces stormed the
Supreme Court building and arrested two
of the five justices who president Amin
accused of plotting to overthrow him so
what happens now
joining us to talk about this in Doha as
a he know if he'd she's an Al Jazeera
journalist and former editor of Maldives
independent in Mali movies Jeffrey Wahid
he's the Maldives deputy ambassador to
the United Nations in Geneva or Somali
Eva Abdullah she's a representative of
the Maldives Democratic Party and a
member of parliament and il am an ich is
a journalist and presenter for channel
13 a broadcast news outlet in the maldis
welcome everybody good to have you
Malika as we start so we are in the
midst of a 15-day state of emergency we
being the Maldives and since that's our
topic today this is what Shana on
Twitter had to say about that the state
of emergency was invoked only to
strengthen the president's grip on power
he has effectively paralyzed the
judiciary seized the Parliament and with
the support of a few security officers
he has hijacked the entire state some
really big accusations there on Twitter
Eva from your perspective break this
down for us who is president Amin and
does he stand
accuse do you agree that he's done all
these things that she says he's done oh
there's no doubt about it
you can't deny the fact of the matter on
February 1st the Supreme Court ruled the
Supreme Court ruled and ordered the
release of a number of political
prisoners including former President
Mohamed Nasheed
immediate and the reign statement of 12
MPs who'd been unconstitutionally sacked
by the Elections Commission president
yameen immediately cracked down on and
said and he defied the supreme court
ruling and said he would not implement
the Supreme Court ruling and this is
where the standoff started president
yameen then declared a state of
emergency
he had the military and the police
stormed the Supreme Court and dragged
the Chief Justice the Chief Justice of
the country he had the Chief Justice
dragged across the floor and jailed
Chief Justice and another judge at the
Supreme Court and president yameen
refuses to comply with the Supreme Court
ruling this is where the standoff
started and the same evening President
Yaman arrested a leader of a political
opposition President Mahmoud Abdul
Gayoom who'd ruled the country before
President Nasheed president yameen had
has also used the state of emergency for
a purge I would call it a purge on a
purge on the political opposition a
purge on the judiciary which is refusing
to comply with him and a purge on the
Parliament and a purge on the entire
opposition so yes let me share with you
what Jeffrey tweeted out Jeffrey I
picked this out of your Twitter feed
presidency of Modi's president declares
state of emergency look at some of the
reaction here Thank You mr. president
save our nation Thank You mr. president
please stabilize the country and align
the supreme court so that our life can
go on as usual one more here another
thank you we want a stable country where
the Supreme Court rulings are along with
the Constitution exclamation mark
Jeffrey when you heard about the state
of a murder see your reaction was what
see we have to keep in mind
why exactly a state of emergency was put
in place in the first place you know it
all comes down to the Supreme Court
decision that Eva did mention on the 1st
of February
let me put things into perspective for a
second if the United States Supreme
Court one Friday evening ruled that all
of a sudden the presidential election
the last 2016 presidential election was
nullified
no one asked them to weigh in there was
no case before them and this is exactly
what happened with our Supreme Court the
verdict
the verdict came out of nowhere it was
decided on a weekend those no cost
examinations no hearings and out of a
judge's chamber all of a sudden the
secured the Supreme Court of the
Republic of the Maldives decided to
absolutely usurp the authority of the
judiciary into themselves to usurp
absolute authority unto themselves now
what that decision on the 1st of
February did it did two things the first
thing it did was it consolidated
absolute power in them by invalidating
the role of the judicial services
commission now this is the commission
that has a primary mandate to regulate
the judiciary and then the second thing
that it did is that it took a number of
dubious political positions including of
course releasing a number of
high-profile former politicians were
accused of grave grave crimes ranging
from arson to keeping arms to arm to
embezzlement to kidnapping to attempting
to assassinate the president which
they've gone is absolutely the attorney
if I wanted to ask you a question if I
go ahead yes I would actually like to
ask you for this when the Supreme Court
of the Maldives actually did nullify an
election in 2013 when your father ran
and won just 5% of the vote when Supreme
Court nullified that election why did we
get the same response from you and why
is president yameen refused to comply
this one ruling from the Supreme Court
when for the four years of his
presidency
don't hear the specific words it's tight
for a moment so he know what did you
want to add bed I'm curious why do you
say that the Supreme Court ruling on
February 1st notified the president
Yemen's presidency I saw nothing of the
sort
it said to its two main things one is a
reinstating the opposition members to
Parliament and then freeing the
political prisoners it made no mention
of the constitutional crisis a
constitutional crisis which required
which required a state of emergency the
president was very clearly yes Hina just
make your point very clearly and then
we're gonna move on my point is that
there was absolutely it's factually
incorrect to suggest that the Supreme
Court notified the election that brought
president Yami to power that is
absolutely incorrect agree Hina I hear
you're making that point Mallika so I
want to bring in one other voice into
this conversation and that is a voice of
someone you all know a former stream
guest also this is Mohamed Nasheed he is
the former president of the Maldives and
he was the first democratically elected
president here's what he told the stream
about this crisis president yayi
has arrested the Supreme Court judges -
judges imposed martial law and overran
the state we've almost lost all the
Democratic gains that we had
but you don't have to listen to me you
don't have to take my word for it we
have the UN High Commissioner for Human
Rights Prince I very clearly saying
present yumminess to put it bluntly he
says without the authority of the state
institution Soleil I'm curious about
your opinion there because even if you
don't want to take it from the former
president he does quote the UN High
Commissioner for Human Rights who says
that the current president has usurped
the authority of the state does that
give you pause No
first and foremost asked him about the
abduction of a former judge from High
Court's judge Criminal Courts judge he
abducted him you are using the military
using the National Defense Force and but
in this case a president we are means in
this drug administration they arrested
the judge according to the Constitution
for a first to begin with the Modi's
Police Service arrested them
Constitution that arrested the Chief
Justice according to the Constitution
was suspended Regina has been reporting
by your government suspended by the
state of emergency like a minimum it's a
battery so he now has the Constitution
be suspended I know you've been
reporting on this for out of their
several articles of the bill of rights
have been suspended and initially the
president also suspended articles
relating to the to the judiciary so the
one that states that the Supreme Court
is the chief arbiter of all of the part
of the Constitution when you have the
Chief Justice accused of taking millions
of dollars worth of bribes it
fundamentally violates the free the
balance of
I'm thinking either Jeffrey so he knows
here's what I'm thinking moving us on a
little bit how do you get out of this
situation this impasse where some
opposition members are jailed there was
some there's a state of emergency
Leon how do you get out of this
situation what's a good resolution for
detainees you're talking about there to
begin with there's no such thing as
political detainees in our Constitution
no the pea under our Penal Code but
these people who arrested her who are
convicted they are convicted is a
deprivation earlier under imagem of
charges under for kidnapping for charge
of these people they're actually posing
a foreign national threat so the state
of emergency which was declared was to
bring the stability and the peace to the
current country for example mr. Beebe
Amida depolarized president he was
arrested and he is convicted for
positive firearms and trying to imagine
that the president so if if the supreme
court order if the ruling was
implemented so person who of course is
for national threat will be out in free
like a person who as I said I would try
to attempt assassination and also person
who possess firearms these are people
who pose a for national threat right now
you're here you actually from I think I
think president Yami's to get it staged
all right so Jeffrey is saying that
crimes have to be investigated as that's
one way out Mallika what are you hearing
so another thing that people are putting
forward online is that perhaps there
needs to be international help to get
out of this crisis this is that Bay who
says India and Sri Lanka have the
political clout to twist the arms of
president yameen first start imposing
visa restore
Shinzon political appointees of the
government or someone else who is called
for international help and that is the
former president Mohamed Nasheed you
heard earlier but he got a response on
Twitter from Mohammed Navi who says why
are you calling other countries to come
in because the people of the Maldives
are happy with our president and his
decisions to keep us safe let us decide
our leader by boat Jeffrey what do you
make of the calls for international
players to help India China for example
we're always happy to work with
international players but that's not
what the former president called for the
former president called specifically for
foreign military intervention in our
country and this is the thing no leader
of our nation whether in the opposition
or otherwise should ever ask for a
foreign military presence to come into
our country from women oh I hear you
China when we respond I hold tight for a
moment just like any one personnel time
either
go ahead the resolution is very clear
president yarman must go president Yaman
must resign we have a president who
would invoke a state of emergency just
because he feels insecure this state of
emergency is it's not actually and then
I can hear you responded give me a
moment natural disaster in the country
the state of emergency was called for
because a despotic paranoid ruler feels
increasingly insecure as we approach the
elections and the coalition opposition
coalition is gaining momentum and
supporters and the opposition coalition
of former rivals shows no sign of
breaking and this is why the state of
emergency because President Yami feels
paranoid and insecure the problem with
this process is that truth doesn't
matter it doesn't matter the fact that
what the facts are on the ground because
time and time again we see the same
yes hold tight for a moment I'm hearing
good points cuz I have a little bit
missing me and I hear you beautifully no
one else is hearing you well so I don't
want to waste your time I don't waste
their time
now you're I know you've got something
to stay now y'all was gonna say it no
one else is gonna talk over her
now y'all go ahead good big period I
won't ask Eva if you would let anybody
who tried to assassinate her out of the
jail even after being proven guilty of
it all so the question let's hear the
answer even if it's somebody first of
all if somebody tried to assassinate me
I would like them to be tried in a free
and fair process even if the even if the
target was me it has to be a free and
fair process and not a political
persecution all right guess how - how -
right Niall thank you thank you you ask
your question just just give me a moment
cuz I want to bring it out online
community they really want to join in
your conversation as well we come right
back to your whole time so people are
still kind of focused on how do we
resolve this current situation and
there's a couple of ideas here I'm going
to throw this to you this is one person
who says will there be an election
because there is an election that was
scheduled for later this year some talk
of early elections but here's what
people think about that
noblesse says all the opposition leaders
have been in prison there are sufficient
disincentive for anyone's teeth seeking
to stand for election against you mean
another person writes in on Twitter
Arsham says he isn't going to allow a
fair election so he needs to be removed
by other means he's already an example
of casting your vote for temporary needs
and as far as I'm concerned he needs to
step down now Sahin a-- what do you make
of elections early elections do you see
that happening will it matter are the
elections will not happen in the country
president yeah I mean president so at
the moment the elections commission
there's a lot of criticism against it
because it's not seen to be independent
and this is one of the reasons why that
is so is because it stripped 12 members
of opposition from the Parliament not
only that all of these the
five members of the elections
Commission's are allied to the ruling
party so I don't think there will be
early elections but the question of if
an election will happen and if that will
be free and fair is also in doubt let me
just share with you guess this comment
here from his saying her son he's the
chief justice abdullah Syed's lawyer and
he says here the chief justice informed
his lawyers that immediately after the
Supreme Court ruling on February 1st he
received a number of threats including a
cause saying they were cut into pieces
unless he reverse the ruling soleio let
me just bring you back in here because
you made a hypothetical what if your
life was at risk now if it is happening
to members of the judiciary how do you
get out of that situation how does this
resolve itself I don't think that is
happening he took bribe money from
former president nor moon and then now
we are also he called he was inside the
Supreme Court and he called out for
foreign intervention being the chief
justice he called out for foreign
intervention I don't think that is so
they believe me they would cut into
mention also that the main issue we have
to take here is how Mohamed Nasheed is
calling out for foreign intervention
continuously he is calling out for
Indian Indian military to come and to
come to a more lives as they did in
November 3 1988 and what are the bigger
picture here is in number 3 in 1988 the
Indian the Indians they came not because
of any domestic internal affairs any but
they came because some people some more
Libyans
they brought in male foreign invasion
foreign people into the country and they
assassinated chants of are more deviant
they assassinated nutri people that's
why they called out for military attack
guys but this is a domestic internal SPR
is it's something of the world I think
Oh see that can it can ask you know your
boss the carpet is calling out for a
dialogue but opposition all these
parliamentarians all these political
leaders there is fusing for a political
dialogue Thank You tehina the fact that
political leaders are refusing dialogue
that's also factually incorrect because
there's been many offers from including
Jeffrey you have the entire political
opposition in jail and you have
kidnapping is a crime a question and I
know the Heena was trying to finish our
thought but I'm gonna use that pause to
jump in here because I want to bring up
one other thing we'd be remiss to have
this conversation without talking about
this and this is the fear that so many
people online have told us they fear
even maybe for appearing on this show
their tweets their names or faces I want
to talk about that fear this is what we
got from a smile via video comment
here's what he said recently we have
been seeing how the security forces have
especially the government and security
forces have been defying the
Constitution and court orders as a
result of this we've been seeing we fear
we might create a society that doesn't
believe in in rule of law and this could
affect us as a community in many ways so
he's not the only one Maya I want to
read a tweet from Maya she says I'm a
Maldivian studying abroad with family
and friends back home I find myself in a
constant state of anxiety frantically
checking the news and Twitter for
updates I feel like the majority of
people if not everyone are concerned but
they're scared to act due to possible
consequences Jeffrey can you understand
that fear and why
I absolutely understand that fear
because the rhetoric that's coming out
of the opposition is so vile and so
intense the reason why Jeffrey finish
your sentence as a whole time for
Jeffrey to finish a sentence Jeffrey
finish your sentence we have an
integrity Commission to oversee the
police to make sure that human rights
are protected that they're that they are
prosecuted if any security force
violates that and we also have an
independent constitutionally created
ocean which is the Human Rights
Commission I'm taking to do the same
yes Hannah I mean I think I have
received death threats while I was
working the Maldives I've had a
colleague who has disappeared who still
we haven't heard from him since I've had
a friend none of these cases were
investigated I know a majority of
journalists in the Maldives have
received death threats and we fired them
all and none of those cases were
investigated there hasn't been a police
investigators they absolutely have are
you actually speaking to Gehenna and I
both of us who've had so many death
threats my own son would receive death
threats
Zelena had to do those death threats as
well do you for a second doubt that
everybody pays for a second because I
can't free all of you I just win no
pause for a second come back to me all
right great
is there anybody who hasn't received a
death threat everybody on our panel has
they all have you had a different is
that yes this is this is my thought here
either what is it like in a state of
emergency in Maldives right now down on
the ground we've having this political
conversation but for real life
how are people managing people are very
apprehensive
people as you said there's a sense of
fear all around
people are very afraid if they speak up
lose their livelihoods they lose their
jobs they go to jail they face police
beatings if they come out on the streets
they have to face under your force they
have to face pepper spray tear gas so
there's a little bit every
constitutional crisis daily life is not
affected businesses are open no outside
island outside of Mali since walk down
the street so really good snippet of
what it is like in more deviant politics
right now you hear that back and forth
our conversation will continue online
use a hashtag a day stream thank you
guess thanks for watching
