it seemed everyone was watching it on
planes and bowling alleys and bars in
offices and homes and even at the doctor
America was gripped by the scenes that
played out over nine hours all of it on
live TV everywhere this confirmation
process has become a national disgrace
the raw emotions on display in the
hearing room seemed to spill out and
seep into the people observing it
including Jenny Zucker
the experiences a lot was very visceral
is it physical there would be words
floating in my head that I just I either
couldn't say or I couldn't get them
together to say or just feelings that
I've never really felt before that I
could not assign words to I felt
betrayed
as a woman betrayed enough to come here
to the US Supreme Court a small protest
that grew in number women and some men
saying this is simply too much enough
just to give you a sense of how
emotional it is they just asked at this
impromptu protest here at the Supreme
Court how many people have cried over
the last 24 hours it seemed every hand
was raised it is having an impact during
the hearing calls to a sex abuse hotline
it increased by 201 percent but the
country is split there are many Trump
supporters who still support Kevin all
groping a woman which is what is that at
18 I mean how many guys you know think
that's no big deal even back then it was
be honest it's not a big deal it doesn't
just take away from his character and
his job to do what he needs to do the
nation's divine unclear display in
Congress and on the streets we've been
building towards this climax now for
well over 50 years the level of partisan
animosity is now greater than I have
ever seen it's certainly greater than it
was during the Clarence Thomas
confirmation in 1991 the Clarence Thomas
confirmation hearing saw a brief spike
of women engaging in the political
process it didn't last talking to people
here many believe the
is different this time it just might be
I certainly hope so because if you don't
have hope what do you have
why would I be standing out here if if I
didn't have hope that tomorrow be
different now the country Waits and
watches to see if this time it will give
Patti kool hain al jazeera Washington
