with its 27 rocket engines roaring the
SpaceX Falcon Heavy soared into the
Florida sky it's the most powerful
rocket on earth with a thrust equal to
18 747 jumbo jets working simultaneously
at full power the successful launch
gives a powerful boost to billionaire
entrepreneur Elon Musk's company which
wants lucrative contracts with NASA the
US military and satellite companies
onboard the unmanned ship Musk's own
cherry red Tesla Roadster from his
electric car company with a space-suited
dummy in the seat and a stereo playing
the late David Bowie's Space Oddity on
repeat the Rockets side boosters
separated from the main body and flew
back to earth touching down in a
perfectly choreographed double landing
the Boosters will eventually be reused
on another mission another booster was
designed to land aboard a ship at sea
musk says Falcon heavies payload will go
into an elliptical orbit of the Sun that
extends as far out as the orbit of Mars
and will continue circling for hundreds
of millions of years Rob Reynolds al
Jazeera
