we're gathering of golf rivals this is
the first time Qatar's foreign minister
has come face to face with his
counterparts from Saudi Arabia the UAE
Bahrain and Egypt since the four
countries imposed a land sea and air
blockade on Qatar in June last year no
handshakes no smiles and no news
conference at the end of the meeting
that lasted almost one hour two days ago
Saudi foreign minister Adel al-jubeir
accused Qatar of financing extremism
adding that his country will be okay
even if the crisis goes on for another
50 years that can wait also forever but
we have to address the the challenges in
our region first before we talk we talk
about just brokering like this diplomacy
means communications means engagement
and this is Qatar ask you a question the
war of words between Gulf rivals put the
United States of America in a difficult
position the Trump administration is
scrambling to put together a regional
alliance of countries against Iran what
she sees as a growing threat in the
Middle East during the past few days the
US has ramped up its rhetoric describing
Tehran as the world's leading sponsor of
terrorism as far as America is concerned
accusations dismissed by Iran Saudi
officials blame Iran for destabilizing
the whole region Saudi Arabia believes
that in order to achieve peace and
stability in the Middle East what is
needed is to deter Iran in its
subversive policies
this is sectarianism and interference in
the internal affairs of the region such
aggressive conduct constitutes a glaring
breach of all international laws and
treaties Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin
Salman will meet on Saturday with the
Emir of Kuwait who is trying to mediate
in the Gulf crisis but there's no
indication of a breakthrough anytime
soon
the US wants to address major challenges
in the Middle East including ISIL was in
Yemen Syria instability in Iraq and what
it sees as Iran's growing influence in
the region but its chances of building a
united front remains slim as long as the
GCC crisis continues
Hashima al Jazeera New York
