this is supposed to be a de-escalation
zone part of a russian-led true steal
the territory held by anti-government
forces in Syria but if anything the
bombing is escalating here in eastern
guter near Damascus
the UN's head of the International
Commission of Inquiry on Syria says the
government siege of the area involves
the international crimes of
indiscriminate bombing and deliberate
starvation of the civilian population
there are reports that at least three
hospitals have been hit with the help of
the Russian Air Force and Iranian backed
groups Syria's president is pursuing the
last major pockets of territory held by
his opponents in western Syria
the offensive intensified after fighters
from one rebel group shot down a Russian
aircraft on Saturday now
the Syrian army says it's deployed air
defenses and anti-aircraft missiles to
its frontlines in a lap oh and it live
to cover northern airspace
I had the s400 our Russian and they are
controlled by the Russian intelligence
not the Syrian regime so this is Russia
we need to understand there is an
undirected between the US and Russia
it's dangerous because at the same time
Turkey is trying to force its presence
in the area northwestern Syria is where
turkey is carrying out an operation to
push Kurdish forces out of Afrin it's
using Syrian airspace
and has got Russia's agreement to do so
but at the same time the Syrian
government has threatened to shoot down
Turkish jets turkey also wants the YPG
out of another northern Syrian town BAM
bitch but there are US forces there to
much to the irritation of the turkish
President Aquino Jerusalem are the
chicken why are you there go ahead and
leave who did you bring there the YPG
the PKK you took them there and you're
still telling us not to come too many we
will come to manage to deliver the land
to its true owners as ever across Syria
it's civilians who were caught in the
middle the UN wants fighting across the
country to be suspended for a month to
allow the sick and wounded to get out
and aid to get in Burnet Smith al
Jazeera
