we'll corsica turn into Francis
Catalonia president Emmanuel McComb has
began a two-day visit to the
Mediterranean island where there's
growing demand for greater autonomy from
France as separatist movements rise
across Europe how will it affect this
region this is inside story
hello and welcome to the program I'm
fully battable Scotland in Catalonia are
well known hotspots in Europe for their
struggle for independence but there are
many other secessionist movements across
the continent some seeking to break away
others simply wanting more say in France
the island of Corsica has long sought to
have greater autonomy from the central
government in Paris and with
nationalists winning big in regional
elections there's been more pressure on
the government to negotiate French
president Emmanuel arrived in Corsica on
Tuesday with the backdrop of a rising
nationalist sentiment on the island some
Corsican Zwarte special status and
greater autonomy this is not a new
demand and has paid french governments
for decades and president Macomb is
expected to set the tone for relations
with Paris moving forward
thousands of nationalist supporters
marched through the streets ahead of his
visit calling for democracy this is what
some of them had to say come on we want
Corsica to be able to manage itself like
New Caledonia or Guadeloupe we are on
the other side of the Mediterranean
obviously we are different we are
waiting for this recognition we are here
for our young people
so the Corsica will be better on all
levels so they can find work stay at
home and develop Corsica well let's take
a closer look now at the nationalist
movement in Corsica which has been
seeking greater autonomy since the 1960s
the Mediterranean island has been part
of France in 1768 but is geographically
closer to the Italian coast and has a
population of three hundred and thirty
thousand despite being a popular tourist
destination Corsica is one of the least
developed regions of France some are now
asking for changes to the Constitution
that would give the island special
status any recognition of the Corsican
language the islands main separatist
group the National Liberation Front of
Corsica announced a ceasefire in 2014
after a series of bomb attacks in the
mid-1970s well let's bring in our guest
now in the French city of somaraju :
who's a senior research fellow at the
global Policy Institute and in Edinburgh
Scotland Michael Keating professor at
the
versity of Aberdeen and director of the
center for constitutional change welcome
to you both thank you so much for being
on Inside Story
giancarlo if I can start with you the
Corsica issue had been quiet for some
time now on the French political scene
why are we seeing this renewed push for
autonomy now in this renewed push for
special status now I would say it's been
quiet for quite a while yes it's as
pacified in the last three years since
2014 when the cosecant liberation
movement which really started in the mid
70s
so 40 years before decided to give up
the armed struggle and to come out of
clandestinity and to start playing the
normal political game as a result of
that they were elected in 2015 to the
original Council and the born-again the
autonomous and independent movement who
joined forces won 56% of the vote in the
December election for the regional
assembly so now they have a large
majority in the National Assembly and
they are ready to discuss politically
with the new president of France a
Madrid macaw
who had said during his campaign that he
was ready to make some amendments to the
Constitution which would give Kousaka
more autonomy Jacques you say the
Nationalists achieved their best ever
performance in December's regional
elections - what do you attribute this
success
what has fueled this renewed sense of
nationalism among Corsicans oh it's been
there for quite a while is the the
Costigan's have a strong identity
they've already been part of France for
250 years that they were annexed by
France in 1758 and they've always that
very stronger a local identity they have
their own language their own cultures
the Corsicans are a very emotional
people and they feel a bit frustrate
they've been building feeling very
frustrated especially
is one aspect is the fact that this
island is very beautiful island which
attracts lots of tourists and wealthy
French people who build in areas where
can no longer afford to to buy property
themselves and that's one of the
elements which is what's one of the
demands actually of the nationalists is
to create a special resident status
which will give them priority on the
housing market which is obviously a very
difficult thing to achieve
but the sense it's a sense that you'll
also find a bit everywhere it's not just
Corsica you can see it in the rest of
Europe in Scotland in Catalunya and
alright with the advent of Europe people
many countries many regions feel that
they should have their own identity have
more power at the local level and we
offer so in France a few other regions
with a strong identity let's not forget
that France is considered of many
different areas the Basque region the
Breton region des Flandres region the
Savoy region all of them with a strong
identity which is contrary to the French
tradition of uniformity within the
country but Corsica obviously has a head
start because it is an island right as
you say Jack there's been a lot of talk
on the rise of separatist movements
across Europe in recent years there was
the Scottish referendum on independence
in 2014 of course which saw Scotland
narrowly vote against leaving the United
Kingdom in Italy two northern regions
voted last year to negotiate greater
autonomy from Rome and then there's of
course Spain catalonia's controversial
secession referendum in October last
year sparked a political crisis
including the arrests and charges
against Catalan leaders Michael Keating
in Edinburgh there's concern especially
within the European Union about a
contagion effect that more regions in
Europe could seek to establish their own
states do you think that what happened
in Spain in Catalonia could happen in
France in Corsica for instance
well I'll leave Corsica it to to my
colleague who's just been explaining it
but in fact there are very few
separatist movements in Europe there's
Scotland as Catalonia a lot of hardware
ever engines that have the separatist
parties in government and that is about
it what we're seeing elsewhere is the
rise of regionalism and autonomy which
is not quite the same thing and the two
Italian cases you mentioned are regions
looking for autonomy within Italy they
there was a separatist movement of the
leg and Nord around the notion of
padania that has been pretty much
abandoned even in Spain the Basques are
moving away from separatism towards
negotiating more autonomy which is where
we are in Scotland now this has got a
lot to do with European integration it's
got a lot to do with globalization and
the feeling in these territories that
they don't really need the central state
anymore they've got to make the wrong
way in the world and sometimes this
occurs in in wealthy region it's not
always but sometimes in wealthy regions
who resent having to pay for their
poorer compatriots when they have to
make the wrong way in a competitive
world so there's an economic as well as
a cultural dimension to this Michel the
independence movements in Spain and
Scotland use membership of the European
Union as something that would facilitate
independence do you think that helped or
hindered their goals their aspirations
well in the case of of Catalonia it made
independence look rather more plausible
because it would keep open access to the
Spanish market as well as the European
markets Catalonia is a trading nation
there's very little euro scepticism in
Spain anyway but the European Union made
it clear that it would not recognize a
unilateral declaration of independence
by Catalonia Spain didn't recognize it
the EU wouldn't recognize it and
Scotland it's quite different because
the referendum was agreed with the
United Kingdom government so had
Scotland voted to become independent
there would be no reason for any other
Member States to prevent it becoming a
full member of the European Union indeed
no Member State
she did say they would redo it not even
Spain the further complication of course
is the Scotland voted by a large
majority to remain in the European Union
at the time of the brexit referendum and
so it's the Scots who want to stay in
the European Union and the English who
want to pull out and that has put the
whole question of independence back on
the agenda and crater the possibility of
a European boundary running between
England and Scotland what about the case
of Northern Ireland Michael that's even
more complicated because Northern
Ireland voted to remain in the European
Union as well although there was a
division the nationalist community voted
to remain by a large majority the
Protestant community of the unionists by
a smaller majority to leave if the
United Kingdom leaves the European Union
this creates a European hard border
between the two parts of Ireland in
complete contradiction to everything
that's been achieved in the peace
process in the last 20 years and the
Irish government have made it very clear
that part of the deal that the UK has
with the European Union will be
resolving that border question but the
United Kingdom has not come up with any
proposals right as to how that is going
to be done they just keep on going round
and round the problem well let's bring
back shock hollow into the conversation
and talk a bit more about Corsica and
France Jacques when it comes to size and
clout a lot of people would say that
Corsica is nowhere near Catalonia
because Corsica is so very reliant on
mainland France so explain to our
viewers around the world what is behind
this desire for greater autonomy and in
what ways do nationalists in Corsica
feel they can benefit from being less
tied to the central government in Paris
yes in the case of Corsica the
eradication is not economic is cultural
Corsica depends on French for financing
or on a French budget it receives two
billion euros more than it contributes
so it needs it needs French Marie and up
to now many people said that the
independent is
was more like a racket in order to try
to extract more and more financing from
the French state through frets and so on
and let's there was also a kind of mafia
like dimension within the Corsican
independent this movement where there
are quite a few criminals now that the
independent this movement is more
political more mature then they talk
about autonomy is there but there's
still not demand for independence
because so in the cable is not are you
saying that independence is not a
long-term aspiration for the nationalism
aspirations if Kousaka develops the
means to be economically independent at
the moment they're just talking about
autonomy and asking for fisk tack
special tax status the fear in france
italy special tax status could lead to
Corsica becoming the tax haven and
therefore added as a way to guarantee
his financial future but for the moment
they are only talking about autonomy and
if there was a referendum you could say
that in Corsica people would vote
against independence because they know
which side the bread is buttered on what
if there was a referendum involving the
whole of France I'm pretty sure that the
majority of the French would vote for
independence for Corsica because many of
them are actually with fed up or were
fed up with the nature of the
independent is movement in the early
years and it's mafia-like approach to
negotiations
Michel well you know looking at you know
the wider Europe what is fueling you say
that you know when we talk of
independence movement they're really two
to independence movement that we should
focus on and that is continent and Spain
but across the continent regions in the
past that I've sought greater autonomy
from their central government this we've
seen a rise in in a way of these
nationalist movement what's what's
behind that
well you might remember the borders
between European states are pretty
artificial they're fairly recent we
mustn't assume that there's something
wrong with the system because people
want to shift the boundaries and part of
it is about democratization part of it
is about culture part of it is about
economics a lot of it is about the
construction of Europe and the
aspiration front of Europe that is not
just built upon nation-states but it's
not a universal trend there's not a lot
of this in Scandinavia in Eastern Europe
the emphasis now is upon state
nationalism it's about polish
nationalism Hungarian nationalism rather
than regionalism so this phenomenon is
confined to a few countries where there
is a coincidence of economic grievances
with cultural concerns with political
alienation and these are in Spain in
Belgium in the United Kingdom and to
some extent in France with the case of
Corsica which is Jack is pointed out has
strong historical and cultural roots to
it president Mike Orr is currently under
pressure because the the Nationalists
have done quite well in recent elections
and some of Michael's allies have said
he would make a gesture towards the
Nationalists but what gestures can we
realistically make without going against
a French Constitution I mean even
granting special status to Corsican
residents or an official role for the
Corsican language would go against the
French Constitution wouldn't it indeed
because it says in France that the
Constitution says that the French rubric
is it indivisible but you can have some
special taters for some regions such as
the overseas territories and guadeloupe
martinique
the island of réunion and may because it
would be ready to grant a right to be
different but it does the cosecant would
like the in French Constitution the
mention of the recognition of the
cosecant people which goes against the
French concept which is a better in my
opinion also be too strict of uniformity
equality and uniformity everyone is
equal whether you're broken you can't
have privileges that go back to the
revolution the metric system and so on
this culture this desire the jacobean
side of the French Republic which kids
which has made every effort to kill any
cultural difference between Republic for
support
I'm from Brittany there was a deliberate
campaign in the 1920s to eradicate the
Bertrand language they did it quite
successfully in Corsica there was a same
campaign but Kousaka being an island as
very has been able to retain and through
the development of the independence
movement in the 70s people have been
learning consequence again everyone
wants to speak is Morris able to speak
Portugal but for example the the
independent is or the autonomist are
demanding the co-official status for
Corsican language and French that is
totally unacceptable to the French
because if you require every document to
be written in cosecant as well in French
it would cost a fortune and if you
require all officials in Corsica to
speak Corsican as well as French it
would be discrimination against the
non-core second because in France one is
French and therefore this the demand for
co-official language is a very difficult
to admit tax status some ground can be
found there some consensus can be found
all relative ease of Taxation with
making sure that doesn't have not fiscal
autonomy you know that very reasonable
but do you say this man's are a
reasonable but what can they
realistically expect from president
McCoy I mean can he succeed where his
predecessors have failed can he reign in
these nationalists in Corsica
it will not be easy but what they
expecting is that president of Macomb
has always been insistent that you Marty
look good
traditional reform in France for the
world with less less MPs a different
circle second house and that
constitutional reform which has to be
adopted by 3/5 of parliament in both
houses of parliament or by referendum
could include a charge saying that
there's a right for regions to be
different or to have a slightly
different status to live more autonomy
so within that there could be a
possibility within the framework of a
national institutional reform but I
don't think that it would be in a
position to except to write as the
Cossack anatomists won't mention any
Constitution of the existence of a
Corsican people that would go against
the French principle of indivisibility
Michel Adam Michael Keaton in Edinburgh
we've talked about how some of the
central government have been dealing
with these nationalists and you know the
issue of more autonomy but what about
the European Union
you know Brussels how have they handled
this so far they've not handled it well
at all when the European Union expanded
the central in Eastern Europe they had
provisions about minority rights and
about concern about the structure of
government and so on as soon as the
country gets into the European Union
it's no longer subjected to that
conditionality so there was a very
confused response to the situation in
Scotland when Kosovo became independent
some European countries recognized it
others didn't they have a different
response every time a crisis comes up
and in the case of Catalonia they just
weren't present they just mouthed the
slogans about it being an internal
Spanish matter when it's clearly
something of greater international
importance so there's a little bit done
through the Council of Europe through
the Venice Commission but at the
European level is a very weak capacity
to deal with these things which are
going to become a challenge to Europe in
the future if they are going to be a
challenge taking the example of
Catalonia for instance you have a
political crisis there that shows no
sign of ending anytime soon who should
be stepping in to resolve this you think
well it would be useful to have some
kind of international arbitration I
mentioned the Council of Europe and the
Venice Commission the European
Commission really isn't equipped to deal
with these kinds of things the Council
of Ministers perhaps but we've seen a
number of cases and there will be more
in the Balkans for example where there
is a need where it is a European
responsibility and they don't even have
any clear criterias to when they would
recognize breakaway States or not there
was no clear judgement about the case of
Scotland and that would have been a
fairly easy one in the case of Spain of
course possibly there's nothing that
Europe can do because both sides in
Spain in the Catalonian argument have
got themselves entrenched into
absolutely a deadlock there a with
little room for compromise but but
certainly one would expect Europe
because many nationalists have looked to
Europe as a way of resolving these
questions of getting beyond the model of
the nation-state but Europe response has
really been to go back to that old model
of the nation-state and say that there's
nothing to do with us that I think is
not satisfactory any longer okay well
Jacques : let's end with what's
happening in France and Corsica the
recently elected administration in
Corsica has said you know if they don't
get the special status that they're
asking for from the central government
in Paris and they would go ahead and
push for statehood could we see a
similar crisis in France that than the
one that we've seen in in Spain and
Catalonia and there's some who have even
said that they could be a return of the
violence that we saw in France back in
the 70s and 80s do you share that
concern yeah I think the second option
will be the more likely I don't think
you would have a movement such as in
Catalunya because as I said earlier most
Corsicans don't want to be independent
they depend too much on France financing
at this stage many actually French civil
servants and so on and it would make
their situation a bit insecure and
precarious but you could have once again
the return to varns violence is never
far from the surface in
in Corsica which is another with
specific traditions of can disabilities
been going for always there are very
rebellious people and they would in
order to gain what more from the
government resort to violent action
again yes that would be the most likely
scenario all right well we hope it
doesn't get to that thank you very much
for speaking to us both Jacques hallo
Michael Keating thank you both for being
on Inside Story
and thank you for watching you can
always watch this program again any time
by visiting our website at aljazeera.com
for further discussion go to our
Facebook page that's facebook.com
forward slash AJ Inside Story and you
can also join the conversation on
Twitter of course our handle is at AJ
inside story from me fully back to
blowing the whole team thank you for
watching bye for now
you
