these are aerial photographs obtained by
the Philippine Daily Inquirer newspaper
it shows that China will soon finish its
militarization of seven reefs in the
South China Sea an international
tribunal in The Hague in 2016
rejected China's argument that it enjoys
historic rights over most of the South
China Sea but the pictures clearly show
that China has built a massive runway on
mischief reef which the tribunal ruled
was in Philippine waters including
control towers and radio meters often
used in military communication smaller
reefs now have wind turbines helipads
and observation towers transport ships
designed to carry armored vehicles and
up to 800 troops have also been spotted
according to security experts three of
these reefs now have 3 kilometer long
runways making them as effective as
aircraft carriers China has also built
harbor facilities extending the reach of
its maritime assets not only in the
South China Sea but also the Central
Pacific I don't think the Philippines
can do anything about it
from the military point of view the the
list that the government should do is to
ask the government of China what are
their intentions the Philippine
government dismisses this and blames the
previous administration so what they
want us to say all that we could do is
to extract a promise from China and not
to reclaim any new artificial islands
but what you featured in your newspaper
today are old reclaimed islands that
were there even before the duty of the
administration came to office but these
photos are believed to have been taken
between June and December last year
under president rodrigo detectives watch
it also betrays over the fact that the
government itself has no coherent policy
when it comes to the West Philippine Sea
South China Sea issue and that can only
be to the advantage of the Chinese we
will then use this situation
president Duterte insists China should
still be the country's strongest ally he
calls it an independent foreign policy
veering away from the United States
while trying to build closer relations
with China and Russia security experts
say there appears to be little that the
Philippines or any other country can do
to stop China from its militarization
and that the Philippine government
silenced and the issue is enabling
China's expansionist ambitions in the
South China Sea endangering not only its
own sovereignty but also the security of
its allies in the Pacific jemelle Island
organ al Jazeera Manila
