these days the famous checkpoint charlie
is a magnet for tourists the Carville
Frank Holt's afore vividly remembers the
Cold War years he was just 17 when the
wall was built and he devoted the next
28 years of his life to campaigning and
demonstrating against it opinion I was
17 years old and I just cried I couldn't
believe it they taught us after the war
in 1945 that injustice was meant to be
over that people would never again be
violently imprisoned and be the victim
of political powers and then they put a
wall into a world city in my hometown
from the 13th of August 1961 Berlin was
a city divided Russian and American
troops faced each other in a militarized
standoff desperate civilians who tried
to cross the so called death strip
risked being shot as traitors by East
German border guards when the war
finally fell on November 9th 1989 it had
stood for ten thousand three hundred and
sixteen days Monday marks the point that
it has now been down for ten thousand
three hundred and sixteen days for 28
years two months and twenty seven days
the Berlin wall stood for division now
28 years two months and 27 days after it
fell the remaining parts of it stand for
something altogether more positive the
new exhibition to mark the date as a
collection of private photographs
previously unseen glimpses of life in
the divided city there are snapshots
taken in the east where such photographs
were illegal this one taken by a
teenager plotting his escape route he
succeeded a few weeks later the curator
of the collection says the wall is as
relevant today as it was then but what
we can learn from 1989 the
not for freedom by people was in the end
so strong that it made the Berlin Wall
fell and this is something you cannot
solve problems with walls today the root
of the Berlin wall is still visible in a
line of cobbles marking its former
location in the modern day tarmac and
tourists come from all over the world to
see the stretch of wall still standing
as a reminder of those 28 years of
division it has now been down for as
long as it was up but the ultimate
futility of the Berlin wall will never
be forgotten Paul Brennan al-jazeera
Berlin
