the message was clear
Macedonians are Greeks and no one other
than the Greeks should be allowed to use
the name Macedonia Greeks refer to their
neighbor by the name of its capital city
Skopje their opinion is important
because they hold a power of veto over
its entry to NATO and the European Union
he might gather any enemy again he is
only one Macedonia in its Greek Greek
people will not accept the theft of our
name we're determined to show that we
won't rent out our history under these
terms that can be no European prospectus
Copiah this was Greece's official
position until about a decade ago
it has since accepted the use of a
composite name such as northern or Slav
Macedonia and a new government in scope
here is willing to dilute the country's
constitutional name Republic of
Macedonia so the basis for a compromise
in theory exists the question is can the
two societies accept it their
humiliation has been compounded by the
fact that many European media have
denied even their ancient provenance
they have now said with one voice that
their identity and history are not up
for negotiation most Greeks agreed that
the use of the name by non Greeks
implies a fictitious ethnicity and a
theft of part of their own ancient
history there's no Macedonian nation
Alexander the Great was educated in
greek by aristotle whenever he won a
battle he put up a monument saying this
victory was won by all the greeks he
didn't differentiate between Macedonians
and Greeks a generation of kids in
Skopje has grown up with this myth but
that's their problem some observers say
inflated expectations are a Greek
problem as well in many people in Greece
felt that at some point there would be
some kind of ideal solution without the
the word Macedonia and everything would
be solved that way
the fact that come diplomacy means
eventually some painful decisions the
message that message was not passed
through Greek society by our elites the
government in Athens is to send its
proposals to scope here in the next two
weeks the crowds here warned against
diplomacy without the people john
psaropoulos al jazeera athens
