Washington regards Latin America as its
backyard
that's why Secretary of State Rex
Tillerson is here where the u.s.
believes it should have an influence but
it's a region that often feels neglected
by or is in conflict with the superpower
to the north a few years ago Argentina
like many of its neighbors was governed
by left-of-center leaders at odds with
Washington and sympathetic to
Venezuela's then president although
Chavez not anymore
all wanted ends of the crisis in
Venezuela the question is how for one of
the aspects of considering sanctioning
oil is what effect would have on the
Venezuelan people and is is it a step
that might bring this to an end to a
more rapid end and a more rapid closed
because not doing anything to bring this
to an end is also asking the Venezuelan
people to suffer for a much longer time
the Venezuelan president Nicolas Maduro
blames the United States and its allies
for trying to undermine his socialist
government they have inherited the
arrogance the imperial arrogance of
believing that with a button and order a
plan in English the Bolivarian
revolution is finished with a
declaration from the head of the empire
calling me a dictator it's over the
dictatorship has already fallen as they
call it with a statement by Secretary of
State Tillison we are going to surrender
they do not know us they do not know our
strength the Argentine president
Mauricio Macri is now one of those in
the region most critical of the
Venezuelan government mr. Tillerson
wants to work with him all of us in the
region want to save it as well a return
to his Constitution we just this is
heart-wrenching to watch what is
happening to the Venezuelan people
Venezuela is suffering food and medicine
shortages inflation is rampant crime is
rising and thousands cross the borders
every day in search of provisions for a
better life mr. Tillerson visit to
Argentina is to show that Washington
cares about Latin America that the
region's long-term interests lie with
the United States and not with China or
Russia
he praised the Argentine government's
austerity driven investor friendly
economic model much like that of the
current u.s. administration's that's not
something you would have heard a few
years ago the Secretary of State is
emphasizing where the two countries can
cooperate trade defense fighting
terrorism and drug trafficking not so
much on immigration
there'll be similar bridge-building when
he moves on to Peru and Colombia thanks
Juan our Jazeera what Osiris
