seven Turkish soldiers are killed in the
northern Syrian district of a friend
turkey says the operation is crucial to
defeat what it calls terrorists and
established a buffer zone but how much
of a challenge is that and could this
lead to a quagmire for Ankara this is
inside story
hello welcome to the program I'm Jane
Dutton the war in Syria has lasted for
nearly seven years and in that time many
regional and international players have
had a direct impact on what's going on
on the ground the United States Russia
and Iran have all been involved in some
way or another turkey is in the middle
of a military operation in northern
Syria it wants to push out Kurdish
fighters from the area closest to its
southern border but it hasn't been an
easy fight on Saturdays seven of its
soldiers were killed in an operation
near the town of a friend that's a
Kurdish controlled enclaved
in northwestern Syria turkey considers
the Kurdish YPG a terrorist organization
and an extension of its outlawed PKK or
Kurdistan Workers Party which it's been
fighting for decades the Turkish
military plans to create a 30-kilometer
buffer zone near the border president
reject type anyone has warned people in
the area to evacuate it's up to those in
the area whether to evacuate the places
where terrorists are present or not as
we have openly declared without playing
games we will continue to clamp down on
terrorists regardless of whom they are
accompanied by nobody should expect us
to act according to the statements of
those who do not even respect their own
words
al-jazeera's jamal al shell sat down
with a Turkish Foreign Minister and
asked him about the operation in
northern Syria there have been YPG PKK
terrorists in Afrin region and they were
sending harassment files and the Rockets
to Turkey the different part of Turkey
and it became a serious threat to our
security and also to our borders we want
them we want the countries who have been
engaged with them nevertheless they
increased the harassment fires that's
why we launched this operation Turkey's
president Erdogan announced the start of
an air ground campaign into a friend On
January the 20th to push out Kurdish YPG
fighters near its border France is
called for a UN security meeting to
discuss the offensive while Iran and
Syria have both condemned the operation
and the US has called on Ankara to show
restraint while it said it understands
Turkey's security concerns meanwhile
south of Afrin in the adlib province
opposition fighters have shot down a
Russian fighter jet Russia's Defense
Ministry says the pilots ejected but was
killed on the ground in a fight in the
town of Saraqeb afterwards Moscow
launched dozens of airstrikes 23
civilians died and it says it's military
killed 30 fighters these been heavy
fighting in Eid Lib for weeks the UN
claims about a hundred thousand
civilians have been displaced let's
bring in our panel joining us from
Ankara bailouts amber a professor of
Social Sciences at Yale Durham Bears at
University in Moscow Vladimir Sotnikov a
senior analyst for Asia and the Pacific
at info jet global solutions and in
Istanbul
Middlebury a lecturer at Istanbul a Dean
University good to see all three of you
thank you very much for joining us on
Inside Story below some beer obviously a
horrific attack impact for Turkey talk
us through what you think happened and
what sort of fallout
it's going to have on Turkey losing
these forces well first of all today is
a very sad day for the nation of Turkey
we are really more than as a nation for
our loss in earthly operation you know
today is 15 days of after up after an
operation has been started and this loss
is the greatest loss so far turkey army
is facing in this operation of course
this this is a great loss there is no
doubt about that but that this is a
military war so every military war has
it is all risky risks and I think
although now we
Turkish government and Army has a big
loss that does not mean that this
operation is going to stop and Turkish
government express that it is
determination how long can this feasibly
go on for I think this is a open process
turkey doesn't set a date turkey said
that as long as this terrorist
organization occupied this region turkey
is going to continue it is operation so
this is an open process and it is an
open operation I mean but definitely
this operation is not going to be very
short it is good it takes very long time
all indication shows that this operation
is going to take very long time okay
I mean what do you think this means for
turkey now clearly this is a setback how
big a setback is it for Turkey this is
an inevitable war a Jain and it is a
must that they go to Syria not to occupy
other's land they Ankara always states
that they don't fix a fixate their eyes
on to any other soil and they don't have
any intention to stay there they already
had the 2016 year for to shield
operation they cleaned the whole border
from the - elements and now they do
accuse these powers the us-led coalition
of replacing one set of terrorists with
another set of terrorists for Turkey
this is a kind of national security
threat that the YPG that is the same as
the pika caterer or ghen ization that is
designated by the United States now the
problem of Turkey they cannot convince
or the Washington their ally in
Washington is not convinced that the YPG
is the extension of the PKK though many
of the evidence on the ground are very
clear recently the photo of the PKK
founder Abdullah Ocalan was hit by the
fighter jets of Turkey in
signed Afrin where the ypg elements they
publicly say that they are the offshoot
of the PKK so it is a must
full Turkey to go ahead with this
operation whatever coming it should be
open-ended you say scuse me jumping in
that they have no intention of staying
but I mean this is a question of
sovereignty isn't it I mean you know how
does Syria feel about this that's a very
genuine question the question is a
turkey did tell the Syrian regime about
the operation with a written
notification that was the first time the
turkey give this notice it seems that
they agreed with the three their other
two guarantees the Iranians and the
Russians to go ahead with this operation
Turkey on the political side tried to
gain more momentum for the operation
with the United Nations with NATO and
even with the United States who do under
understand and recognize the
self-defense major of Turkey now it is a
kind of for the Syrian regime it is a
kind of you know the the sovereignty but
on the other hand the regime is doing
nothing to push these elements away from
the Syrian border okay the regime in
Syria is in April okay let me bring in
Vladimir sotnik off what is the view
from Russia about what is happening this
latest setback for Turkey and the fact
that turkey looks like it could be there
for a pretty long time at this stage
well actually the view is that first of
all there are different outside players
who are engaged in this bloody bloody
civilian war in Syria so the turkey is
undertaking its own operation but at the
same time in Syria but it's at the same
time Turkey as well as Iran in together
with Russia the three countries are
guarantees of the sole cause Astana
process so I think that everybody
understands that if some outside player
have some concerns so he actually
undertakes what he is supposed
to be four for his own sake and another
thing is that Toki I'm talking about now
about the province where is it leap city
okay so before we get sorry before we
get to it'd libel so we will move on to
Italy but before we get down just want
to carry on focusing on a friend for a
moment what is Russia getting out of
this because clearly Turkey couldn't
have done this without Russia allowing
the airspace to be opened up what's the
trade-off for Russia actually Russia
Russia is just monitoring the situation
that that was said by our top topple
leaders what was said by the press
secretary of Russian President Vladimir
Putin we are monitoring the situation
what is going on in this areas where
there is the hostilities between the
Kurdish detachments and the Turkish
military man all right below I should
imagine though that Russia is enjoying
filling the vacuum left by the u.s. when
it comes to turkey relations right I
mean it's particularly strained at the
moment the fact that the US continues to
support the group that turkey is
fighting well first of all we must
understand Russian position very well
the aim of Russia is to put every inch
of Syria under the control of Assad
regime that is that is the threat of
Russia I mean first of all Russia asks
kur to leave the region and leave this
region to the control of Assad regime
that is very important point we
understand that the second point is that
Russia is very well aware of the
conflict the conflict between Turkey and
United States turkey Russia is happy to
see the problem urge of problems between
Turkey and NATO and United States as
much as turkey is distancing itself from
us the position of Russia is getting
more stronger I'm so I think Russia in
Syria is not only allowing itself with
turkey at the same time it creates
problem between Turkey and NATO and
United States all right Ahmed I'm just
wondering what Turkey's response is
going to be we heard the Turkish Prime
Minister saying that YPG forces will pay
twice as much I'm just wondering what it
is that turkey will do in response and
how the Kurds feel considering that they
basically lost an ally in Russia haven't
they well first of all I have to say
this about the day after - Janne
everybody was speaking about after the -
defeat what is going to happen and now
it is the moment of the truth everybody
is speaking about his own political
interest whether the super powers like
the United States they're going to
reword the YPG for their efforts in
fighting in the fight against - and now
it's really rush ins who are interested
in their military base in mmm in the
south in Latakia and other provinces so
the major threat for the Russian is the
HTS the high attrition that that is in
control of the Edley province and now
it's going to escalate it seems because
they're a major threat to the regime and
to the Russians the Iranians are on the
same page with the regime as well now
they are the Turks they do believe that
it's the YPG who should be defeated on
because the United States is going to go
on with the support of them regardless
of the sensitivity of the our Turks and
that's the problem with Turkey and its
ally in Washington they do not they add
a I mean the Turks do not keep any word
where they do not believe any word
coming out from the oval high office in
Washington because they all
experience the Washington's lies a few
well when it comes to the Kurds they
promised Ankara that they're going to
disarm them after the defeat of - that
didn't happen on the other hand they'll
they told them they're giving to allow
the local councils to run these villages
and cities that is the majority of the
mainly Arabs this didn't happen and the
Kurds are still there constituting a
major threat to Ankara and to Turkey and
on the other hand they said they're
going to withdraw them at least from
members to the east of the Euphrates
River and this didn't happen so Ankara
will go on with this and this is going
to play the reshuffle of the whole
strategy in the whole region between all
the players will go on till everybody
knows that every power in the region has
its own national interests absolutely
and we will get to that when we start
talking about the peace talks and what
each country is going to hope to get out
of that but Vladimir let's go back to Ed
Lib further south we saw a Russian jet
shot down what does this say about the
situation there and the fighters who
shot the jet down yes well well first of
all I would like just to make a small
point to replying to my Turkish esteemed
colleague Russia is not enjoying the
restrictions so all just controversy
between Turkey and the United States
Russia is actually stands for
cooperation of all the concerned parties
but getting back to Italy province and
the shooting down the Russian plane it's
evident that for the extremist jihadi
groups and in that case that was jabber
got a nutri group which claimed
responsibility for shooting down the
Russian Sukhoi 25 military jet Russia
has become the main enemy because
because Russia is trying to help
fighting for the governmental troops of
Syrian government the troops fighting
the Java to lose ray and the remnants of
so-called Islamic state in this province
and in other parts of Syria so no
innocent people
ok talkative now will rush I use this to
continue targeting innocent people
targeting other rebel groups I mean
under the Demilitarized Zone it was
supposed to be hands-off that's clearly
not happening well actually you know the
the the the military hostilities and the
war is war so there they are there
sometimes sometimes the it's certainly
not doing that say okay sorry let me
bring Bilal in quickly I mean how
concern is talking about what is
happening in Edlund so if letting me
I'll come back to how concerned is talk
about what's happening in adlib I know
that this is certainly restraint as
strained relations between Turkey and
Russia
considering what and Iran what's
happening in adlib and how the
demilitarized zones are being abused the
status of it actually actually Turkey is
really concerned about what is going to
happen in Italy
shutting down Russian a Russian jet that
means that no subtle jabba or higher
total resolution their sort of group
they are out of control
so Turkey Iran or Russia cannot control
such terrorist organization so Turkey is
really concerned about what happened
regarding this issue the second thing is
the second issue Turkey is really
concerned about that it Lib has a
potential to be a second Peshawar a safe
haven for terrorists group and of course
if Italy becomes the safe haven for
terrorist organization such as Italy and
other al-qaeda affiliated organization
our
border security will be really in danger
so Turkey is facing threat from Syrian
democratic forces as well as I lost that
terrorist organization all right now
last month the Assad government main
backer Russia hosted peace talks in
Sochi which ended with a call for
elections in Syria and agreement by
those attending what they called a
constitutional document but the main
opposition as well as the Kurds
boycotted those talks saying their main
demands were ignored similar talks were
held in the Kazakh capital Astana last
year they're concerned that these talks
could undermine the un-backed
Geneva peace talks Vladimir where are we
now
as far as the peace talks are concerned
Sachi wasn't a success the opposition's
not their way to from now all right well
to some extent the Sochi Sochi Congress
of Syrian Syrians was quite a success
although their opposition leaders were
not represented by the unified front but
I would like to say that what I'm saying
the wall is war that the terrorists use
it using the Ebola techniques of
spreading it among the civilian people
and that's why there there might be some
collateral damage I think in hospital
the war is a war that began yeah yeah
because they did they are hiding behind
the backs of the civilians of the plain
civilians in Syria but getting back to -
to the situation in diplomatic front I
think that now after the eighth round of
Geneva talks we may say that are very
unfortunately for every stakeholder in
this bloody conflict the diplomatic
efforts are in a deadlock actually and
the main thing for a Staffan de Mistura
I think for the United Nations broker of
peaceful negotiations is to revive or
try to revive the direct negotiations
direct call
like between the main opposition leaders
and the main opposition representatives
and the representatives of the legal
government of Bashar al-assad in in the
mosque that that's the main point and
that's the task for future and weeks I
read what's turkeys view when it comes
to peace talks we touched a little
earlier and about how all the players
obviously want to have their bit out of
this as well to make sure that they but
some sort of presence when the war is
finally wrapped up what's it going to be
now where do they position a sudden this
for example well first I have to say to
the friend from Moscow that the SUCI
conference was a big scandal if you will
because it was one-day conference to
discuss the situation the Constitution
in Syria that is a country completely
devastated by war and you invite the
opposition the main bulk of the
opposition the main bodies like the
Syrian National Commission was not a
participating did not go and you spend
just one day to discuss all these issues
it was a big scandal in my opinion now
when it comes to Turkey for Turkey the
de-escalation agreement that was struck
back in September in 2017 in Astana was
the main step toward a peaceful
negotiation turkey does support the
efforts of Russia and Iran as the main
guarantor of these agreements and it's
not really when you look at what
happening at least Anita and and Ed Lib
at the moment I mean it's been violated
on a large scale oohed ly these are all
these the recent developments on the
ground are going to escalate the
situation and deteriorate everything
more and more because as I told you
every part is mainly interested in its
old national security now so turkey
could not just watch the Russians moving
from the south to Ed lip and because of
the pretext of high attrition the
formerly linked to al-qaeda
controlling the ed lib and in the other
hand this is going to have another
Aleppo scenario for Turkey these people
are going to flee the the warring areas
move to Turkey in order to escape the
fighting so they are starting on the
ground building these camps the because
the HTS is not backing down as well it's
still fighting against the regime and
the Russians on the other hand they
cannot accept the unilateral movements
of a Washington by forming and training
30,000 security force of the YPG that is
a major threat okay bring in Bologna
because we're running out of time scuse
me jumping in here below so the
opposition is not involved in the talks
they still want Assad to step down he's
not going anywhere we've got the
fighting that's continuing the abuse of
the de-escalation zones as long as the
fighting continues political solution is
not possible is it yes I think military
conflict is deepening in Syria
unfortunately there is no way for there
is no way or room for political solution
Sochi conference the experience of Sochi
conference showed that Russia is not a
credible partner to set up a credible
peace process for Syrian question Russia
is only imposing its own interest and
agenda on our on all other side in favor
of Assad regime I think therefore soo-ji
process process doesn't produce peace
but it produces conflict that is the
situation the only hope we have is
Geneva meeting we hope that UN will
start Genova meeting again and we hope
the general meeting will be a credible
platform for political okay and then
leave it on that note of positivity
there if we may run out
time below somber vladimir sotnik often
omit alright thank you very much and
thank you too for watching
you can see the program again any time
by visiting our website aljazeera.com
for further discussion go to our
Facebook page that's facebook.com
forward slash AJ inside store you can
also join the conversation on twitter
our handle is at AJ inside story for me
Jane Dutton and the rest of the team
good bye thanks for watching
you
