this is one of the original
conversations we followed in on news
grid so in Cameroon there's an English
and french-speaking part of the country
the division started when the
english-speaking southern Cameroonian
said they were not represented in or
respected by the french-speaking
majority government southern
Cameroonians have been calling for
independence so they can create their
own country a place they call ambos onea
the government responded with a
crackdown on the internet travel and
continued raids on Northwest and
Southwest parts of the country it's
unclear just how many people have died
so far in the last year though the
situation has gotten worse now just last
week nigeria extradited 47 Cameroonian
Anglophone separatists they've now been
sent back to Cameroon where the
government has described them as
terrorists among them was the president
of the interim Southern Cameroon's
government ioq tubby southern
Cameroonians
are demanding his release and they want
to know if the other separatists are
still alive now the refugee wing of the
UN said that they condemned the forced
return of the asylum seekers and we also
urge the government of Cameroon to
ensure that the group is treated in
accordance with human rights laws and
standards president Paul Biya he has
condemned all violence in the region in
Cameroon a few hours ago on his Facebook
page he Reshard this post from a speech
that he made last year now in it he said
the government had to take measures to
maintain order protect civilians and
hand over to the judicial authorities
those who committed or were suspected of
committing these criminal acts hashtags
have driven the conversation for its
southern Cameroonians online they have a
very unified voice all calling for
Amazonia to become its own state free of
oppression by the current government
Chris here he's saying that we cannot
afford to be second-class citizens
anymore now one of the most prominent
voices online is Jude ronzi he's a
political activist many thousand cameras
wish to see a return to an independent
southern Cameroon because they have
already caused over the last 50 plus
years we
systemic marginalization at the hands of
the French dominated government the
resolve and resilience has shown itself
over 1 year now and there seems to be no
slowing down quitting a sudden
Cameroonians still religiously boycott
schools and fully respect go stones
soldering cameras was an independent
country anyway so returning to the
status quo is a matter of life and death
for many other groups are saying
Cameroon and southern Cameroon need to
work out their differences and stay as
one country Benjamin a key come gay he's
Cameroonian and is an assistant
professor at Syracuse University most
english-speaking Cameroonians who
support unity blame the government for
abandoning this crisis two security
forces some of them are overworked and
the make mistakes compounding the
situation the solution to the crisis is
not separation now the separatist group
are confused themselves they are so many
of them and they are publicly raising
money for their actions the way forward
is to foster government to take the
political actions and to block funding
to the separatist the spokesman for the
UN Secretariat secretary-general said he
supports upholding the unity and
territorial integrity of Cameroon and
urges all parties to refrain from acts
that could lead to an escalation of
tension and violence the
secretary-general believes that genuine
and inclusive dialogue between the
government and the communities in the
southwest and northwest regions is the
best way to preserve the unity and
stability of the country now if you're
in Cameroon please continue to write us
we receive hundreds of messages from you
a day and we very much appreciate
hearing from you keep sending the story
ideas and sharing your story with us you
can write me directly at lea hardy an
aje or you can continue to use our
hashtag ajay news grid
