Bitcoin in free fall the cryptocurrency
hit a record-high towards the end of
2017 but in the last month it's lost
almost half its value what's behind that
and can virtual coins ever be trusted
this is inside story
and I'm Jade Dutton this is inside story
from our headquarters in Doha they've
made some people millionaires others
have lost a fortune
crypto currencies are volatile there's
no doubt about that and for those who
invest it can be a roller coaster of a
ride from all-time high to a new low in
less than two months cryptocurrencies
took the world economy by surprise the
first Bitcoin launched in 2009 now there
are more than 1300 and regulators are
taking them more seriously China India
and South Korea have introduced tougher
regulations to combat fraud and tax
evasion JPMorgan and Bank of America say
they are halting the purchase of
cryptocurrencies on their credit cards
and Facebook has banned advertising for
the virtual coin a sustainable market or
a bubble about to burst we'll talk to
our guests in a moment but first let's
have a look at the cryptocurrency market
Bitcoin the largest of the virtual
currencies has fallen dramatically in
value from its high of twenty thousand
US dollars to below eight thousand on
Friday aetherium and ripple also saw
drops of about 20 percent the markets
been under pressure to sell this past
week with more than a hundred billion
dollars wiped off in 24 hours that still
leaves the global market value at about
400 billion according to industry
tracker coin market
Capcom last week 530 million dollars was
hacked from an exchange in Japan
renewing concerns about security let's
bring in our panel joining us from New
York
Nathan EEP and chief information officer
Arcadia crypto ventures and someone who
has been a Bitcoin trader from London
Martin Becca daksa financial analyst and
London bureau chief for the street from
Sydney David Vale executive director of
the cyber law and policy community at
the University of New South Wales a very
welcome to all three of you gentlemen
listen even as a trader what is it that
we saw what is it that we are seeing at
the moment this is nothing you see it's
just fallen 20 percent this week maybe
in the two months it's fallen 50 percent
I used to remember times when this was
$1.00 today morning
it goes to $10 and it comes back to $3
so compared to that this is nothing now
for all the newbies out there oh my god
this is like they're gonna get crushed
but this is not classical music or jazz
this is punk rock and you have to be
ready for that if you're expecting
classical music something that's very
very calm well you are in for a surprise
so you say crypto currency and if you
want to play the game you better get
used to this kind of stress yes you
better get used because this is a very
nascent field even now see what
percentage of people are in crypto and
this is changing the world because it's
like you know this is like 1994 in the
internet you know something like you
know Bezos comes out and says people are
gonna buy books on the Internet nobody
believed him by 1998 most of the
analysts out there was saying that
around by not 2002 Internet is not going
to be there there's not gonna be any
internet and all this hype is gonna go
away so in between that prices went up
prices go down but the whole space is
expanding the same thing is going to
happen to the tokenization of the
utility token market or the security
token market everything that we see
around us are is going to get tokenize
I'm not going to say it's going to
happen tomorrow but it's in it's going
to happen in the next 10 to 20 years and
you can be you can decide to be early on
it or you can come later it doesn't
matter because you can be part of this
revolution it can be ahead of the curve
or you can come in later but this is
happening it's happening in front of us
Martin back attacks now what is
happening any less or more scary for you
I think it's significantly more scaring
I think it makes a good point that the
volatility has been around for quite
some time but there's a great difference
between trading at 1 and $3
then there is trading at 9000 and 19,000
dollars which is what we're seeing right
now the potential for pain is a lot more
significant and the
stakes are significantly higher the one
point I would make is that I do agree in
1994 we were all questioning the
validity of the Internet as a commercial
vehicle but there was only one Internet
we've got 1,300 crypto currencies right
now and whether or not you believe that
this is going to be the transaction
message of the future is really
irrelevant is what is going to be the
single token that we use or are we going
to use multiple tokens if we you say and
what is a commercial vehicle it could be
worth excuse me jumping in are they're
all good commercial vehicles or some
that are better than others this is just
it at the present none of them really do
anything that we can't already do
payment systems are already in place
they're much faster they're much more
efficient they cost less they take up
less energy and in fact they're safer so
at the moment nobody's explained to me
exactly why these crypto currencies are
more valid than payment systems that
already exist and I should put it more
importantly payment systems which are
accepted by the commercial universe and
regulators and central bankers I would
have a lot more faith in investing in
those payment systems than I would in
speculating which of these 13 crypto
1,300 crypto currencies are going to
ultimately win the race to be digital
tokens in the future David Vale what is
your take on what we've seen the
dramatic rise and now the recent plummet
in crypto currencies particularly the
the big big ones what's going on here
well look I suppose it just emphasizes
the same questions that people have been
asking more so very recently which is
what is this thing what are these
technologies are they currencies are
they assets are they gambling tokens
there's no doubt that the underlying
technology the blockchain technology has
a lot of potential uses whether any of
those are currencies I think not really
proven yet they've if the currency jumps
by 10 percent a day then you know no one
can really decide know whether the what
price they're paying for anything and so
there's always been that problem and
there's always been a problem with the
into
of currency that you can't pay taxes you
know which is one of the key features of
a fiat currency as for an asset the
other question is what's it backed by
and increasingly it's obvious that it
relies on confidence but in terms of
anything else behind it it's a matter of
consensus and so when the conveyor belt
or the rocket is going up the consensus
suddenly gives you a $10,000 increase in
the value in a very short time but when
it disappears then you're left with
nothing so I suppose that the real
problem is it's about risk it's about
understanding what's behind this and
it's also about the sophistication of
the users rather than 1994 I'd wonder
whether the the analogy is really 2007
2008 when the global financial crisis
was about to unravel all of the fistic
ated financial derivatives that had been
building and building and building for
sort of 10 or 20 years and it turned out
when the music stopped then that even
apparently quite sophisticated players
like municipal bodies who thought they
were investing discovered that nobody
knew where the risk really went nobody
knew what happened when a music stopped
and so very quickly you had a crisis of
confidence I suppose two or three days
ago you would have said we're on the way
off the edge of the cliff I see its
jumped by 10 percent today so who knows
where it's going but let me bring Martin
in here but several important points
raised by David there what sort of
investors this market attracts and how
do we look at it I mean is it a currency
is it an asset I should imagine that
that's very important to determine
firstly from a legal point of view and
how we deal with it going forward no
question I think David raises an
important point when it taught when he
talks about the ability to transact if
you don't know what the value is going
to be in 24 hours time because the
transaction process is quite slow in a
Bitcoin universe so I might pay for a
car with a Bitcoin this afternoon and I
don't know whether I've gotten a good
deal when the transaction closes
a few hours later or indeed tomorrow
when I take delivery of the car that
doesn't make it an efficient way for us
to trade goods and services but I think
ultimately what we're looking at now is
whether or not we are talking about
bitcoins and blockchain as a platform or
whether we're talking about them as an
asset I believe in the concept of the
platform I'm less excited about
blockchain it's been around for about
ten years it didn't have a great deal of
utility three years ago we're talking
about it now only because bitcoins
traded at $20,000 apiece the blockchain
itself isn't revelation Airy is a
revolutionary I should say and it isn't
actually revelatory either but it is
interesting and it does have some
validity in the commercial purpose we
what we need to descend or dissect the
difference between the blockchain and
the bitcoins the bitcoins are
speculation they're not a currency
they're not even an asset as far as I'm
concerned they're a gamble that could be
worth billions they could be worth zero
the platform itself that's where you've
got a story and for me that's incredibly
compelling the bitcoins themselves
they're entertaining
I wouldn't say they've got a whole lot
of value nothing what do you say in
response to that is it important to
separate Bitcoin from the platform sure
yeah is that the way to go forward
considering the volatility surrounding
the cryptocurrencies no is this
important to establish C blockchain see
I I'm a quarter I'm a technologist I
started this from technology this whole
blockchain people are telling it's a
great platform it's just a database why
don't you say you like Oracle better
it's just a database without the
consensus mechanism and the incentive
called Bitcoin this platform or this
database is absolutely useless okay if
you look into the technology piece of it
you can use it as an asset you can use
it as a gambling platform you can use it
as anything Bitcoin okay that's up to
you it depends on what you want to do
now telling that it is not stable or
it's increasing in value you can't use
it it's like saying you know we are in
the buggy era and a car has come out and
all the buggy owners are saying oh this
car is a useless thing it's clunky it
falls down this does not have a wiper
that's a technology problem somebody
will fix it there is an Einstein or
somebody like that will come and fix it
but there is going to be a point where
if you are still thinking that the buggy
is going to be the future in 2000 when
you're sitting in 1900 well that's not
the gun that could be the case Bitcoin
is or the blockchain and Bitcoin
different kinds of coins are going to
take over now regarding multiple
cryptocurrencies you can have multiple
currencies you have the euro you have
the US dollar you have Indian rupee you
have the Chinese yuan and you're using
all that same way they could end up
being 13,000 currencies it depends on
what you want to use Bitcoin for example
Martin I don't think that you are
correct and comparing the multiple
currencies to the multiple bitcoins and
the multiple coins that are out there in
the marketplace simply because when we
talk about the euro the end the rupee
and the dollar they're all backed by The
Full Faith and Credit of enormous ly
strong economies they're bay they're
backed by taxpayers backed by the
central bank we understand what
underneath allows them to create a
particular value I have no idea who
backs Bitcoin I don't even know the name
of the guy who created it I don't know
the changes in the world I don't even
know where they're located those are two
significant risks and I'm not was gonna
say it all sounds kind of crazy doesn't
it if you don't know who's behind it
want the true value of Bitcoin we don't
know we don't know the people who are
sitting on this committee who are
verifying the blockchain David is that
one of the problems we don't really know
where the starts where this ends what
sort of checks and balances there are in
blockchains
I mean one of the things is that there's
many things that we're talking about
that bitcoin is a particular
implementation of the blockchain
technology it's a particular crypto
currency but there's 1,300 other
currencies current crypto currencies and
there's many other different ways to use
a blockchain type technology it's also
many different sort of political or
governance models behind this so Bitcoin
itself is a essentially a crypto
anarchist method for avoiding
identification for avoiding central
banks for avoiding a lot of the problems
that come with identified central bank
currencies but also a lot of the
advantages for consumers like the fact
that you can trust many of them and that
when something goes wrong there's
someone standing behind that at the
other end blockchain
technology is being used I was being
experimented with by some very large
very mainstream financial entities and
also governments and they have no
intention of it being you know a crypto
anarchist experiment they want to put in
all of them no your customer and other
sorts of identification functions that
work in other areas of business and of
of the economy and so one of the
problems I think is bundling everything
together as if one cryptocurrency is
like another and one use of blockchain
is like another part of the problem for
ordinary people for ordinary business
people or for consumers ordinary
citizens is that the level of knowledge
and sophistication and sort of technical
understanding and business understanding
that you need to work out exactly what
you're dealing with it's pretty high
it's much higher than saying well should
I travel with American dollars or yen or
whatever because even the nature of an
asset a currency or a gambling token is
unclear and the comparability of the
risks in different types of systems are
speed those sorts of things it's all
very technical and very variable it
means that a lot of people in this
market a lot of people in the using this
for transactions really you'd have to
count as unsophisticated and probably at
risk of doing things that they don't
understand and being exposed to risks
that they don't understand nothing I
mean it seems that people need to be
better educated and surely regulations
will have a place here in the sense that
they might bring back some sort of
stability that they might draw more
confidence when it comes to this market
whatever it is if it's a currency or not
a currency is that what is needed here
and I also want to ask you something
else when when this billion was wiped
off this market where did it go this is
to be in London that's an excellent
question
the money it's it's a zero-sum game in a
certain sense because the money is
simply going to transfer from one entity
to the next and whether or not it exists
inside the big
in structure or whether it gets pulled
out into real cash that's the difference
as to where the money goes and actually
that raises a really interesting point
because the analogy that I like to draw
is when you own a share in Apple for
instance it doesn't matter whether
everybody else sells their shares in
Apple you still have a piece of paper
that gives you a small portion of the
profits going forward for the sale of
iPhones and iPads and everything else
like that everybody could leave you'd
still have that piece of paper that
would have the value of profits if
everybody leaves Bitcoin I don't have
anything about you let's say if you're
buying Tesla we have something that has
no value whatsoever that's not true I
can only increase it no no no the value
of Bitcoin only increases when more
people participate and when fewer people
participate the value decreases that for
me is a very uncomfortable legal
structure value it's a great deal of
risk for people who don't know what
they're in anything you go ahead
Tesla shares let's say let's say you
have Tesla shares there's no dividend
it's sharing it it's it's trading at
$350 what are you buying that for then
or if you're buying gold well it is it
is only having value because more people
buy gold otherwise why should it be at
$1600 a yellow metal it's shining it's
only used for 7% right so it is trading
at 16 and that is called social
consensus so let's say you go to sleep
tonight I agree and your wife tells you
you know what I want an ounce of gold
and you've you had 1600 you tell her
okay I'll buy you this piece of gold
tomorrow morning you wake up in the
morning and if it's by the snap of a
finger
everybody around you is only paying
hundred dollars you're not going to pay
sixteen hundred yeah you only pay
hundred so it is social consensus I
think you're right you're absolutely
right the one caveat I would say though
is that central banks around the world
hold
tons of gold they don't own any Bitcoin
so there is a there's a floor to the
price of gold they cannot because of the
ocean consensus we don't have that
consensus yet in Bitcoin
okay David I'm gonna bring it in here
how do we get that sort of consensus and
clearly regulation is going to become an
issue as we go ahead look at what's
happened in in South Korea the sort of
regular
that Russia is looking at that there
should be some sort of unified
regulation how is it going to be better
placed where should it be placed to make
this more acceptable
the fascinating thing about Bitcoin is
that it's not built on the I suppose the
assertion the command of any central
government the the attraction for some
of the the users is that it is based on
consensus there's three consensus is
that there's one that any individual
block is valid and that's what all the
crypto mining is about another one is
the actual mechanism the technical frame
that it's working in and so this is
where you see splits off of chains and
that sort of thing and the third thing
the the most interesting one is that
it's worth something and the the
miraculous sort of creation of Bitcoin
as a thing that actually worked needed
all of those three things that is three
types of consensus among strangers to
just bubble up together and so that was
the improbable thing and that was the
great achievement that you had an
essential agreement among strangers on
each of those three quite different
levels and that came forward the problem
now is that you you're finding that the
technical problems of getting consensus
about each block becomes particularly
with the Bitcoin model creates a huge
demand for electricity it becomes slow
and there's there's some problems there
the technical demands of consensus about
the the framework or the protocols as
I've seen the fragmentation and the
creation of 1,300 different sort of
currencies and so it's very unclear does
that go on forever is next week is there
a hundred thousand currencies or we know
what's the limit there and the other one
was sponsored currency well in a sense
that the government steps in and says
well we don't care about consensus we
are going to say it's worth this or
we're going to set up a trading
mechanism that lets you know ordinary
markets decide the price of this but
within sort of controls and we don't
need can
is about technical framework we don't
need consensus that it's worth anything
we just work on within very closed
bounds within sort of highly governed
infrastructure and highly governed sort
of social and business sort of
frameworks those are the things that
government provides and it's not about
consensus Martin who is doing it well at
the moment what do you make of South
Korea's moves and look what's happening
in Zimbabwe and Venezuela at the moment
how well cryptocurrencies are being used
there can it all be melded together to
provide the perfect platform this is I
think it's fascinating because I do
think it has some incredible utility for
people who are participating in
economies that don't really have
significant backing of their currency or
indeed central banks that are trusted
and I can understand in places like
Zimbabwe and Venezuela why you would
want to go into a marketplace that you
could at least have some confidence that
the value that you have created is going
to be stored
now there's an incredible amount of
volatility in Bitcoin but there's even
more in Venezuela currencies and indeed
in Zimbabwe in as well so you can
understand why there would be a traction
there but I guess I would say that in
many respects all of us are using
digital currencies as we speak it's not
like we're walking around with enormous
bags of cash in our pockets when we go
out and buy our coffee I take my card I
touch the thing I get my Starbucks and
I'm on my way that's a digital currency
in many respects and what the banks and
the central banks do is they trade
digital currencies amongst themselves
the amount of actual notes dollar notes
that are in the marketplace and out in
the real world are in fantastic
difference compared to the value of
goods and service that are changed each
day so we're already in a world in some
respects of digital currencies so that
platform and that concept does exist
that's why I've been skeptical of the
idea of Bitcoin coming in at a 45 degree
angle and it's and people assuming that
it's a brand-new futuristic technology
we've been doing this in fractional
reserve banking for definitely explain
that this isn't new this is actually
relatively old Nathan off you go I mean
kilee I should imagine you're gonna say
certainly not enough
sort of bubble so I'm just wondering way
too from here now for cryptocurrencies
and let me and respond to okay two or
three things I want to bring interpret
one you cannot regulate Bitcoin because
nobody owns it you cannot take the
server down there's no one server to
take down there is no one company to
take down okay so if we are using it so
it's like this so let's say the garment
comes with the rule tomorrow saying that
you know what you cannot trade coffee
but only Starbucks can trade coffee okay
you can go to a Starbucks and you can
buy coffee and let's say the Starbucks
has put a censorship on Nitin that's me
saying that you are not allowed to buy
coffee from Starbucks let's say for
hypothetical cases and let's say David
is drinking a coffee out that he's took
it he's taking a coffee I go to him and
say David I'm gonna give you my iPhone
will you give me Mike will you give me
your coffee there's no way he's gonna
refuse that offer even if there is a
rule so that's one thing and the second
piece is nobody's been Bank so let's say
I go to my bank and I do a wire transfer
to David in Australia so the wire goes
from my bank to the Federal Reserve and
from there it goes to the nostril
account for their bank in Australia it
goes to David's account but
realistically that clearing and
settlement happens over a week when I
send David or anybody in London a
Bitcoin or a light coin or aetherium the
asset goes to them within one minute or
10 minutes the slower one Bitcoin it
does in 10 minutes maybe the
confirmation times take long you're
gonna have to leave it we're gonna have
to leave it there a minute gentlemen
sorry to cut you off thank you for all
your different opinions when it comes to
this certainly a fascinating subject and
one we all have to get our heads wrapped
round Nathan eeep and Martin back
attacks and David Welland thank you too
for watching you can see the programme
again any time by visiting a website
aljazeera.com for further discussion got
our Facebook page that's facebook.com
forward slash AJ inside story you can
also join the conversation on Twitter a
handle is at AJ inside story from me
Jane dutton and the whole team good bye
you
