Republicans promised a bombshell that
would destroy any idea the Trump
campaign colluded with the Russian
government during the 2016 presidential
election but in the end it did not meet
expectations
president Trump Declassified the memo
written by top Republicans allowing for
its public release even against the
advice of his own FBI director and the
US Justice Department the four-page
report which is part of a larger
intelligence document argues FBI
investigators looking into alleged Trunk
ties to Russia hid the facts some of
their research was funded by Democratic
Party sources it also claims the entire
investigation was biased against Donald
Trump from the beginning and that some
agents expressed anti-trump views
privately
I think it's a disgrace what's happening
in our country and when you look at that
and you see that and so many other
things what's going on a lot of people
should be ashamed of themselves but
Democrats argue the memo is simply a
summary of Republican talking points
based on inaccuracies House Democratic
Leader Nancy Pelosi says it's all part
of a plan to distract Americans from the
Russia investigation led by special
counsel robert muller and alleged Trump
campaign ties to President Vladimir
Putin's government in a statement she
said president Trump has surrendered his
constitutional responsibility as
commander-in-chief by releasing highly
classified and distorted intelligence by
not protecting intelligence sources and
methods he just sent his friend Putin a
bouquet Trump himself made the argument
on Twitter prior to the memos release
that leadership at the FBI and Justice
Department are out to get him some
analysts believe that's more evidence
Trump is actively obstructing the
investigation if you look at the words
out of mr. Trump's own mouth they're
very incriminating
he said repeatedly I need somebody in
the Justice Department who will protect
me it's doubtful the memos release will
change public opinion about the Russia
investigation still there's now an
effort by some Democrats and Republicans
to legally protect the Russia probe from
what many believe is a White House
effort to derail the justice process
Kimberly Hellcat al Jazeera Washington
