they say knowledge is power but
education funding is declining worldwide
and nowhere is that more apparent then
in sub-saharan Africa in the region
strained by poverty security issues and
child marriages can international
organizations come together to close the
chapter on illiteracy this is inside
story
hello welcome to the program I'm Jane
Dutton ending poverty often begins with
a solid foundation for education but
teaching the future leaders of tomorrow
is an investment and it's currently more
than three billion dollars short at
least two hundred and sixty four million
children and teenagers worldwide aren't
receiving the education they need and
that is largely due to underfunding the
totals around a quarter of the entire
population of Europe the United Nations
says children in the poorest countries
are nine times more likely to miss
school than in rich ones sub-saharan
Africa has the highest rate of exclusion
more than a fifth of 6 to 11 year olds
don't even go to school
neither do 1/3 of 12 to 14 year olds or
almost 60% aged between 15 and 17 so
clearly a big problem to help developing
nations reach the goal of educating
every child the global partnership for
education has been holding a funding
conference in Senegal Nicholas hack has
more from dhaka there's been conferences
like this before where world leaders and
heads of organizations come together to
promise to prioritize education and
while aid for developing countries has
increased in the last decade it hasn't
for education in Samara it's even
dropped donor countries mostly Western
countries are donating less towards
education it's instead donating money
towards climate change or fighting
terrorism and this has dramatic effects
and young children across the world 234
million children are out of school half
of them are young girls we spoke to the
former Prime Minister of Australia Julia
Gillard who's spearheading this
conference and this is what you have to
say if we can lift the quality of
education then we can make a difference
to the long-term employability of the
children that come out of school if I
can kind of reverse the picture we know
on current trends that of the 1.6
billion young people who will be alive
in 20
more than half of them will emerge from
school if we don't act with less than
lower secondary level skills that's no
way to get a job in the economy of the
21st century now there are protests in
several countries in West Africa and
Chad and Nisha and beyond in Tunisia and
in France teachers taking to the streets
asking for better pay and working
conditions this conference is open to
raise two billion dollars a year for the
next two years for education at stake is
millions of children and their ability
to go to school let's bring in the panel
I'm joined in the studio by Mary joy
pegassi she's the director of educated
child it's an initiative set up in Qatar
with the goal of making sure ten million
children gets a primary education this
year from Dhaka what he been her key
she's a young female leader from annum
our state in northern Nigeria founded
the wadi been her key foundation which
helps marginalized women get an
education and via Skype from London
Joseph naina Riley the head of education
policy and advocacy at Save the Children
very warm welcome to all three of you
let me start off with you what he'd been
herky because you represent what we are
seeing in so many parts of the world
particularly in Africa at the moment
somebody who missed the education system
but you were lucky enough to get into it
and are now a success tell us a little
bit about your findings and your story
I'm one of the privileged young girls
from that region to have gotten quality
education but that is not the case for
so many thousands of other girls my age
are married and probably have so many
children and I'm just 21 so that is why
I founded the organization because I was
tired of all the issues that I was seen
and the number of girls who were
suffering from this challenge and then I
started it in
fifteen hours between 17 and 18 years
old then I hadn't enough funds but I
just had the passion and I was
determined to help girls get an
education I'm also a champion in one
campaign and one is an organization that
advocates for girls girl inclusion in
education and access to other
opportunities and that is why we have
our major campaign which is girls can't
say that there are 130 million girls
that are out of school around the world
and they deserve the right to education
thank you so there's an example of
somebody who has succeeded because of
education but there are so many
countries in Africa for example where
many children fall out of the education
system and we're going to focus on the
youngest nation in the world SAS Adan
hipa Morgan has the story from Juba it's
not class time but bull tank says he
wishes he could go to school his school
however is not like it used to be it's
now in a UN camp for displaced people
where he's been since he fled fighting
in his hometown in the north of the
country when the fighting took place our
schools were destroyed and my brother
and I were afraid would be recruited by
armed groups so we ran to the UN camps
for safety now I miss my old school and
friends building is one of more than
60,000 children receiving education in
un camps around South Sudan the civil
war now in its fifth year has seen
thousands of people killed and millions
displaced it's also had a major impact
on education with 1.8 million or 70% of
school-aged children not getting any the
United Nations Children's agency UNICEF
says one in every three schools have
been destroyed damn
- occupied or closed at least once
during the war and even in those areas
where there is no fighting there are
still challenges to be faced getting
access to education South Sudan's
Constitution provides free education but
students have to pay schools for
registration and for uniforms and exam
fees with the word weakening the economy
many families struggle to find the money
and pull their children out of school
most of those forced to leave our girls
Nancy kabuki is one of them is to go to
school but my father passed away and my
mother couldn't afford to pay the
registration fees for me and my siblings
so now I don't attend classes I don't
feel good about that the rest of the
kids get to go to school and I can't go
the UN says South Sudan has one of the
highest illiteracy rates in the world
about three out of every four people and
their concerns the world will ensure
that rate goes even higher
basically UNICEF is very concerned that
almost a whole generation 30% is just
about one third of the entire school
population are not going to school and
how adverse will that impact the future
of this country and whole entire almost
entire generation will grow up not
having gone to school for Nancy kabuki
and building they know what it is like
to sit in a classroom they hope the
situation in their country changes and
changes soon so they can continue with
their education and be part of a
brighter future Heba Morgan al Jazeera
Juba Mary Joy pegasi I mean this really
encapsulate the problems that lead to a
lack of education doesn't it that story
I mean how do you even get children to
the education stage when they've got to
overcome so many obstacles well I think
one of the things we have learnt in in
the years that we've been working here
and working through a partnership model
in over 50 countries is that you really
have to address the barriers that keep
children out of school and in
identifying those barriers it really is
about understanding where the child is
where the child's coming from and what
he or she needs to overcome that in many
cases it's multiple barriers
we've talked a little bit about South
Sudan with poverty compounded by
conflict often compounded by gender so
there are many different barriers that
children face and what I think we have
to do as a community is really
understand better that the traditional
systems don't always work for these
children so you must be breaking years
of tradition and understanding of how a
family structure for example should work
the fact that the woman is the one who
goes out and and does most of the work
on the farms or or whatever it is in in
many of these situations and what we're
seeing now with conflict is that in fact
roles are changing incredibly so if we
look at what's happened with the Syrian
refugees many of the women are with
their families but without their
husbands or the older boys in the family
so things are really changing and very
fluid
so then poverty becomes even more of an
issue employment becomes an issue so I
think what we're looking at is a really
fast changing world in which we really
need to be nimble and adaptable and
willing to go the extra mile to find
those folks and help them and Joseph nan
O'Reilly when it comes to Save the
Children and education and the sort of
challenges that you are seeing on a day
to day basis talk us through them and
how hard they are to overcome a very
compelling picture of the need in South
Sudan and elsewhere that situation
unfortunately is replicated all over the
world there are massive needs the first
of which of course is whether education
is provided so the access question but
we also know unfortunately that even
being in school isn't a guarantee that
children will learn there's a growing
concern that the quality of teaching the
lack of materials means that many
children will get to grade 3 or grade 4
and not be able to read at the standard
which we would expect so there are big
challenges we talked about the crisis of
learning the access challenge on the one
hand where there are millions of
children out of school and who don't
have the opportunity to do what they
should be in which is going to school on
the one hand
the fact that they're not learning in
school at the other and of course a big
factor for us is that conflict and
forced displacement compound this
challenge many children can't go to
school because their schools are
attacked or that had to force they've
been forced to flee their homes and safe
early settle in another country which is
now responsible for providing them with
an education body that must be an
enormous concern isn't it when you
actually do get people kids into class
and yet there's no education there they
leave school and they're not educated
they still can't read and they still
can't read I mean is this a case of of
just getting bottoms onto seats so that
you can you can take a box I would like
to say that most children that have that
go through school but are really not
educated it's because governments
generally invest in free education but
not free quality education I believe
there is a difference they make chili
for us on the number of girls or
children that who go to school through
the free education but not okay how many
girls have quality education and also
because teachers are not being made
priority as well I believe if she just
appeared well if the environment is
conducive for learning and there are
other things like materials they need
like textbooks and other stationery they
would learn but that is the issue you go
to school on you see girls and boys
sitting on windows sitting on mat
sitting outside for example under the
trees and they're meant to be in school
and they say they don't pay fees just
tuition just because it's free but it is
in quality and that is why we have so
many people that for example would
graduate but you see that they can
barely read or write so in trying to
give many people access to education by
making it free they should also make it
quality and also make the teachers give
the staff treat them rights basic
we pay them well and also there should
be incentive we should use so they'll be
motivated to teach this children well
and also the children should teaching
should be a very something they should
enjoy not just because they need to go
to school but they know the importance
there should be innovative and creative
ways in which they will be taught and
not just formal education skills all the
trainings that would help them to want
to go to scrawny to make them better
basically obviously that's the the aim
isn't it maybe but it must be really
hard to motivate some of those teachers
who haven't been possibly properly
educated who are refugees themselves and
who are possibly teaching children who
are suffering from malnourishment who
are starving I think there's two things
one is I've been all the time I've been
an educator stunned by the engagement
and the involvement in the commitment of
teachers even though the conditions are
not very good so I think that's one
thing we need to think about when we
talk about this is to really understand
the teachers are doing their best under
the circumstances the circumstances are
often horrible I think the other piece
you talked about malnutrition or perhaps
we look at psychosocial concerns we
really need to look at the whole child
we need to understand that it's not just
the classroom that's the problem the
problem is really multifaceted and we
need to bring together the pieces in a
way that makes sense
in that environment so in one
environment it might be school feeding
that's important in another it might be
psychosocial healing and yet another it
might be working with the community on
income generating activity so they can
paste all fees so I think what's the
challenge for us as educators and the
rest of the world is understanding that
one size does not fit all that's quality
if you can't have one size fit all how
do you roll that out I mean you can't
you've got to keep adapting it well you
have to be adaptable and actually what's
learning about learning is about
adapting it's about getting information
figuring it out and going forward and
our colleague talked earlier
about education being fun learning is
fun if it's if it's good learning and I
think that's where we've sort of fallen
down a little bit is to not understand
that we need to really look at the
variety of learners and how can we reach
those learners because they all bring
something to the classroom they bring
something that's powerful and we need to
work with that because with that and
with funding we can move forward okay
everybody has touched on girls and
obviously that's an important factor
when it comes to education so let's take
a look at how this plays out in this
scenario there are twice as many
uneducated girls as they are boys
according to UNESCO more than 130
million girls are out of school for
reasons like safety concerns poverty or
simply because they were forced to grow
up too fast
looking after the family for example
more than 100 million young women living
in low-income households are they can't
read or write
attacks on girls schools force parents
to keep their children at home an
estimated 15 million girls a year are
married under the age of 18 educated
girls are three times less likely to
marry in their teens Joseph's talked us
through the importance of getting girls
in particular through the education
system I know we touched on it briefly a
little earlier on but how important is
it for society as a whole to get them
educated to get them making decisions
well it's absolutely critical and I
don't think anyone needs to to be to be
told that one of the great clearly
people do yeah well there are lots of
barriers to girls which you've outlined
getting into school and it is obviously
essential from the most basic human
right that everyone has to an education
to the case that you've made for
education in preventing disease in
improving livelihoods and in supporting
national economic growth and well-being
and women are vital to all of that so
women have to be educated the good thing
is that we are making progress on this
aspect of education and more girls are
going to school the statistics which you
outlined are also true and that we've
still got a long way to go but we are
seeing progress and that's really
welcome the other
thing of courses that we are building on
the demand of girls themselves to go to
school girls want to be in school and
we're meeting that demand and as we've
already seen on the program today with
our colleague from Nigeria they're
terrific advocates of themselves and we
need to build on their commitment and
passion to get back into school and have
learning opportunities which are
meaningful to them and their countries
what in Nigeria obviously has the Boko
Haram problem the chibok girls who were
kidnapped reintegrating girls who've
faced that sort of trauma I mean how
difficult is it to reintegrate them and
what sort of support do you get from the
government to help them get back into
society at the moment out study
statistics
Nigeria has about 43% of girls who might
before age 18 we have 10.5 million out
of school children and girls make up 60%
of that population and if nothing is
done very soon it should be on the
increase and the way to grow which will
be very very bad in terms of to Nigeria
and the world at large and I would say
the government's they say they're trying
their best and I think they are because
based on news some of them have been
found and returned back to Nigeria I
don't really know about that but that's
what we hear but I would say that this
issue could have been avoided if there
was more security proper security and if
girls were being placed as equal to boys
because I don't know how to put you how
would you say girls went to school and
they were just abducted that it's very
bad and I believe there are many others
who have been abducted it's only that
they didn't make news headlines so I
would say the government's trying their
best but they can do much more better
and that is only when they make
education and the makers priority in the
society
alright Joseph we've laid out the
problems that Africa and many other
countries continents face what is the
ultimate aim now for any education
system and particularly in these areas
and how summit that we can see that is
underway at the moment can possibly help
well the global goals which the
international community have committed
to are very clear we want to provide
quality equitable opportunities for
children to go to school and in fact for
lifelong learning
unlike the Millennium Development Goals
the new sustainable development goal for
education starts before school and goes
right up into adult education so it's
much more ambitious than the previous
goal of universal primary education that
is in a sense the agreed ambition that
we're a long way for achieving that and
I think one of the key barriers to that
is insufficient financing there's not
enough money being invested by nation
states in their own education systems
and as the report that opened this
program Illustrated education aid is on
the decline and we are having the global
partnership for education replenishment
conference today in Dakar and we're
hoping for the very best outcome there
which provides the beginning of a
breakthrough in turning the financial
crisis that is affecting education
around and ensuring that countries have
enough funding to deliver on the
ambitions which we've all agreed and set
ourselves we marry from a financial
point of view it's a no-brainer to
finance education right isn't it isn't
it in fact we've done some research that
shows that it's more expensive to
countries to not educate their children
than to educate them it costs them in
GDP we know that so it is a no-brainer
but it is all about priorities it is all
about focus I think the global
partnership for education has done an
extraordinary job of bringing together
people bringing together countries and
really trying to move the needle but
it's very clear we need billions but if
we don't invest these billions we're
really going to have more problems in
the future there's going to be more
disparity more Wars more poverty and
really more problems for all of
not just the poor and I think that's the
piece we need to understand how do you
convince people though to cuff up this
money I mean there is donor fatigue
everyone talks about it all the time
everybody's sick and tired they say
about the the pictures of people
suffering which is extraordinary but how
do you really get people to put the
money on the table and deliver what they
promise because that's particularly hard
isn't it I think it's a great question
and I think one of the things we really
have to do those of us that are in the
education community in the development
community is show results we have to
begin to show the difference we are
making and I think one of the things we
need to do as an international community
is to really explore what has worked and
what hasn't worked and where things have
not worked give them up that's a very
hard thing to do for big institutions
that have had particular priorities over
a long period of time so I think that's
one area I think a second area is to
begin to look at the global community
more generally and understand that none
of us the president of the country
the head of a corporation the head of
some startup in India nobody would be
there without some basic education at
least and we need to begin to tap into
those people to have them understand
that their work is not going to continue
they're not going to continue to have
the kind of growth they want if they
don't invest in others the way somebody
invested in them and I think that's a
hard thing to pitch we have to figure
out how to do it and you investigating
children today what do you have tomorrow
you have all sorts of great things I
mean our colleagues already talked about
it a little bit but once we invest in
children we end up with more innovation
we end up with less poverty we end up
with less disparity we end up with more
creativity when we bring everybody in we
really do bring in everybody we don't
know how many on steins or Gandhi's or
Mandela's we are losing
just because we're letting them fall by
the wayside
they aren't counted therefore they don't
count what a waste
let's leave it on those
words thank you very much Mary joy
pegasi thank you - why do you been her
key and Joseph nan O'Reilly and thank
you - for watching you can see the
program again any time by visiting our
website aljazeera.com for further
discussion go to our Facebook page
that's facebook.com forward slash AJ
inside store you can also join the
conversation on Twitter handle is at AJ
inside story mine is at Jane Duffy big
thank you for me and the rest of the
team I've not
you
you
