imprisoned without charge in Saudi
Arabia dozens of political and free
speech activists are held provoking
calls for the United Nations to suspend
the kingdom from the Human Rights
Council has only happened once before
with Libya will the UN act again this is
inside story
hello there and welcome to the program
I'm Laura Kyle two British lawyers have
published a 31 page report outlining how
Saudi Arabia has breached two
international law the report accuses
police of arresting dozens of political
and free speech activists and holding
them without charge now the United
Nations is being urged to suspend the
Saudi Arabia from the Human Rights
Council the kingdom's seat on the
council is due to expire next year but
the Saudi human rights record will be up
for review in the next few months here's
on a gaya go with more it's a case that
has been given little attention given
the recent state of affairs in Saudi
Arabia 30 of its citizens detained
without charge and over 31 who have
apparently simply disappeared no one
knows where they have gone or where
they're being held nor have they been
charged with any offences a violation of
Saudi and international laws say the
British lawyers who authored the report
into the arrests and are now calling for
the UN to suspend the government of
Saudi Arabia from the Human Rights
Council if they are committed to human
rights and the instruments that they
signed up to as well as international
law then there's no need for the
suspension if they put that into
practice but those who breach provisions
of international codes I should not be
allowed to do that and then still sit on
a council that reviews Human Rights
around the world and the double
standards should be stopped much may
have been made of the recent changes in
Saudi Arabia since the country's heir to
the throne Mohammed bin Salman assumed a
wider role women have won the right to
drive the last country in the world who
have lifted that ban and a high-profile
corruption crackdown against members of
the elite too significant attention
around the world human rights groups say
while these actions are part of a
determined effort to change Saudis
troubled image the reality is far
removed from that vision of change
dissent is silenced calls for change are
censored and even messages on social
media can invite imprisonment and
punishment the fact that multiple
activists are I mean at least 15
according to our
and maybe more now that this new report
has emerged our Jail solely for the
human rights activism and this is
absolutely not acceptable and I mean the
efforts of the Crown Prince to brand
himself as a reformer cannot fly in the
face of such blatant human rights
violations as a member of the UN's Human
Rights panel there is much pressure on
Saudi Arabia to fulfill its duties in
that capacity one way would be to get
key allies such as the UK a major
exporter of arms to the kingdom to
convince them to fulfill their legal
obligations Saudis rulers are expected
to visit Britain soon there are concerns
as to how much of an effect
Prime Minister Theresa May would have on
poles to respect the values they're
meant to uphold as members of the Human
Rights Council
Saudi Arabia may be sensitive about its
image question is how much will it be
prepared to prove that it's willing to
accept change within the kingdom so
nigga llego al Jazeera London
let's bring in our panel now and from
London Rodney Dixon a British lawyer and
the author of that report from
washington d.c ali al ahmed who's the
director of the institute for gulf
affairs and also a former saudi
political prisoner and from beirut sama
Hadid a human rights campaigner at
Amnesty International very warm welcome
to all of you Rodney let's first of all
take a little bit of a closer look at
the reports that you produce 30 people
detained without charge since September
that's a large number do we know what
they were detained for no we don't
that's the problem that we've
highlighted in the report that Lord
MacDonald and my self have authored we
don't know the reasons for their
detention the government hasn't made
those public there are no arrest
warrants there are no proceedings before
any courts we can surmise the because of
the activities that they have been
involved in such as being critical of
the government tweeting against Saudi
policy that it's because of their
dissent and views that they have
expressed raising question marks about
Saudi foreign policy that they have been
part of this crackdown okay sabah even
more chilling perhaps is the number of
people who simply disappeared
31 according to this report again in the
same time for instance september is that
a common practice in saudi most recently
as has been mentioned we've looked
really closely into the wave of arrests
arbitrary arrests and detention of
activist human rights defenders that
were caught up in september of last year
just as the crown prince was appointed
in his new role and among those that
have been arrested our leading human
rights activists that are part of a
local organization called opera it's a
Saudi local NGO and others including
journalists and bloggers and we also
share this concern around this wave of
arrests and and detentions just a few
days ago as well we saw that the first
human rights defenders were sentenced
under the new leadership of Mohammed bin
Salman Hamid el arte B and Abdullah Atta
we were sentenced under the specialized
Criminal Court in Saudi Arabia simply
for setting up a human rights
organization they were sentenced to up
to 14 years for their human rights
activities and the UN Special Rapporteur
on on countering terrorism has shared
this concern with amnesty around how a
court like this that normally is set up
to try cases of counterterrorism has
been trying and targeting human rights
defenders so for us the concern goes
beyond just the arbitrary arrests and
detentions it's also a concerned around
this expansion of counterterrorism laws
that have been used to target peaceful
activists and human rights defenders
okay Ali I want to bring you in here at
this point and I should point out that
you're not here in any way to defend
Saudis human rights records and I should
point out to viewers that we did try all
day to get that voice on but to no avail
Ali perhaps though you are able to give
us some insight into why we're seeing
this wave of arbitrary detentions and
disappearances now the Saudi government
has been always a human right violator
since its inception dating back to even
before the establishment the Kingdom the
Saudi rulers committed the massive human
right abuses and crimes including
basically almost genocidal campaigns
against local populations it's very
important to to realize that and I've
been working on human rights since 1986
since I was in high school in that
country and before that I was a
political prisoner with my entire family
and I still have a brother and a nephew
in prison you spent many years in prison
so I am very familiar with the record I
think we need to really focus on the end
the system that the fact that the Saudi
court system there is no justice system
it's a court system that's not
independent it's not modern you're
talking about a government that is
implementing apartheid policies against
women against the Shia and against the
blacks racist policy against blacks and
against other people and of course a lot
of abuses and restrictions on religious
freedom of all including the majority
Sunni population so it's not about cases
in terms of part you know 30 people
arrested in September before them
thousands have been arrested including
dr. al Kitani and dr. al Harmon who are
the founders of Ackbar for example in
terms of creating death squad that has
been murdering protesters in the Eastern
Province and including children and that
hasn't been talked about including good
rape yes now we found out that the case
of raping for Asian workers expatriates
in awamiya by Saudi special forces who
have destroyed completely and used
military-grade explosives and weapons to
to raise an entire quarter of a city
okay and so in terms of that it's going
it has received a copy of this report by
the two British lawyers is it going to
pay any heed to it what's the response
likely to be I don't think he wasn't
much I realized and I have a person who
I think I'm the first Saudi national who
went to the to the council in 2001 in
terms of activist
this is a member state organization like
any other united nation organization and
it does not have any real power it could
make suggestions it could make some
statements but that's the only thing
that they can do they don't have any any
real power so and there is no mechanism
for them to expel anybody I know Libya
was suspended because the member states
the United States and the UK led that
effort here we don't have that so it's
really I I admire and you know I think
this is a good effort but I don't think
it's going to bear fruit because because
the United States in the UK and other
European countries will stop in the way
just like they did in terms of
establishing a United Nation
investigative team to to look at into
crimes in Yemen they need the rail
written and I think that the same result
will be here everybody do you share that
pessimism well we are in the report
trying to highlight what happened in
September and placed that in the context
of all of the previous arrests and and
the pattern of abuse that has been
referred to the the focus is on
September but we're trying to show the
wider picture in order to as lawyers
assess the gravity and emphasize the
states that it is certainly got to the
point if it hadn't done so before our of
reaching a systemic level which now
requires member states of the General
Assembly to act of course it is up to
them whether they're going to do that
but we hope in providing this
information it will give the impetus and
it will show that in order to implement
international law yes the the council
can only make recommendations there
there's no court but international law
is enforced through interstate relations
through their collective actions and
this is an opportunity to show that in
practice now it can be done behind the
scenes that can be done publicly but
we're saying it can't go on any longer
otherwise it tarnishes the you
the whole international community to
have a human rights council where you
have a member like Saudi Arabia who's
previously in fact being in the chair
showing complete flagrant disregard for
the the very human rights that the
council is there to uphold so there
there is a chance now they've been many
chances missed but we've got to try and
seize this opportunity just because
things haven't been done before doesn't
mean we shouldn't push for them now and
keep doing that keep trying because it
could achieve results
okay Brody I just want to pick up on one
point there because I believe that the
UN Human Rights Council did we spoke to
them as well they weren't able to come
on the show but they did make the point
that Saudi hasn't actually ever been in
the chair of the council itself and they
were quite keen to press that point so
let's just take a look at what the UN
Human Rights Council actually is at this
point and it's a governing body looking
to strengthen the promotion and
protection of human rights around the
world
the council has 47 seats filled by
member states elected for three-year
terms the irony well ten members of the
current council are accuse of violating
human rights they are Burundi Egypt Juan
de Cuba Venezuela China India Saudi
Arabia the United Arab Emirates and the
Philippines the alleged violations
include extrajudicial killings torture
sexual assault arbitrary detention and
targeted travel bans I mean some when
you look at that list you can see that
Saudi is by no means alone here why do
so many countries with questionable
human rights records sit on this UN
Council well unfortunately I think
mechanisms like the Human Rights Council
and you know where governments are
members of this council you know we see
that human rights have taken a back seat
and there's a trade-off between
political interests and human rights and
I think it's a moment for the UN to
really look at how to better reform a
mechanism like this but also how to
in other opportunities to put pressure
on countries and sticking to the subject
of Saudi Arabia there is an opportunity
coming up at the Human Rights Council
where Saudi Arabia as a country is up
for Universal Periodic Review and this
is where other countries can hold a
country like Saudi Arabia to account on
its human rights abuses and violations
and so we would urge these states to
really take this opportunity as a
meaningful opportunity to hold Saudi
Arabia to account and really monitor and
assess its human rights records okay I
think going beyond there from moments
and iswhat to get Ally's response to
that because I can see he's shaking his
head he's at the Human Rights Council do
you think this will be an opportunity
that countries sees this is not the
first UPR for Saudi Arabia and the
previous UPR this is very typical you
know it's a like a debating society we
urge this Saudi Arabia we we admire you
know people it will be political the
United States will praise the Saudi move
and then we'll throw in soft words about
encouraging and you know continuing and
so on riah and reality the council does
not really play a role in terms of
actually doing something like I said I
spoke myself in 2001 April 2 then the
Commissioner Miss Robinson Mary Robinson
who became the president of of Ireland
and she was defending the Saudi
government record and woman so really
these people who are working there as
staff they have no power it is this the
power of the state if the United States
and other countries decided that Saudi
Arabia is a bad actor then they can take
that to the UN Security Council the
crimes that's committed by not only by
these 10 every member state every
government has human rights abuses
but of course if you compare the Saudis
to the United State there is a huge
difference the problem is this council
is really irrelevant in terms of
actually doing something for Human
Rights and Saudi Arabia and
rain and UAE and other governments who
are abusing human rights are not going
to change their behavior because of this
concept it hasn't happened
it hasn't happen to any government so
it's really to me for me for me my point
is it's a waste of time okay Rodney with
free look at the state's role in all
this we can look to the UK can't me
because Mohammed bin Salman the
government is expected there very soon a
visit to Teresa may the prime minister
can we expect this issue to be raised I
presume that you're pushing for it to do
so yes we're sending a copy of our
report to the UK government and two
other key governments who have been
mentioned in in the interviews already
and of obviously to the UN Human Rights
Council itself I just wish to clarify
that that we have said in our report
that Saudi Arabia were the chair of a
key panel overseeing Human Rights a very
prominent position from 2015 but but
we've sent it to all those bodies
because of these meetings that are
coming up because there is interaction
at the highest level at the state level
and at that level yes relationships are
being talked about economic deals are
being talked about but we are what we
are saying in the report is that this
state of us affairs should should also
be on the agenda that then it can't be
pushed aside even though the Saudi
government is trying to do that other
government shouldn't allow that to
happen and we're not saying that they
shouldn't be any meetings that at all
relation should be broken no quite the
contrary
the the good influence of those
countries should be used in order to get
Saudi Arabia to comply and if there is a
genuineness in this new air of reform
that it must be implemented it could
can't just be rhetorical as is what we
are highlighting in our report some some
would say though that in all these
situations and all these state-to-state
meetings you would have a situation
where oil would trump over human rights
any day is that what amnesty sees this
position as being
well not just oil but arms sales as well
and I think there's an opportunity for
countries like the UK and the u.s. to
really use its pressure and its
bilateral relationship with Saudi Arabia
to put pressure on the government there
to improve its human rights record in
the kingdom but also to review its role
in Yemen so we're not just talking about
human rights abuses in Saudi Arabia but
also the saudi-led coalition of human
rights abuses in Yemen and here you have
governments like the UK and us who can
suspend their arms sales to the
saudi-led coalition because these arms
have been used to commit crimes in Yemen
so I feel like there are opportunities
for change
it's really up to these strategic
countries to apply their pressure only
when the Crown Prince rose up rose to
power Mohammed bin Salman with his
reform agenda did you have any optimism
as you hold any optimism that things
would change that your family members
would be released from jail I don't
think so you know this is an issue of a
system that you have an absolute
monarchy that is you know running a
system that is ingrained itself in
legitimacy it's it does not drive
legitimate sin from the people from the
religion it's just by sheer power and in
order to maintain that system that
outdated system it has to abuse people
and it has to use that basically
terrorizing the population of all types
of the population and that's what's not
going to change we know in the West the
the United States and the UK
government's are always praising Saudi
leaders as reformers and that's the
typical because that's their interest in
maintaining these people in power and
they are in fact I am a person who's
been doing this for a long time is it is
this support of the United States
government and the UK government to the
Saudi government that is the main source
of human rights abuses because if they
didn't have they were not sure
of support they could not do what they
do in terms of abusing their people you
know across across the board so it's
really there is a relationship between
the support that the the Saudi
government receives from there was not
only in terms of arms but political and
economic and intelligence support and
their abuse of their population and
that's the unfortunate reality the Saudi
government cannot change it's not going
to share power with his people unless
the United States and the UK
specifically these two governments
change its position in terms of
supporting but we have funding a
situation that we ally now where the
u.s. is a huge supporter of the Saudi
government do you see the situation then
getting worse I believe so in in in in
in 2008 I confronted then the director
of the the assistant director of the FBI
Philip Mudd and he told me in the
conference that yes we support the Saudi
government against human rights
activists this is the FBI CIA guy who is
CIA and FBI he admitted this to me that
they don't support them against only
so-called militants but also against
human rights advocates and and democracy
advocates because that's the perfect
system for the United States government
to have a government based on one family
that controls everything okay just
lastly Rodney that the families of the
detained and the missing who
commissioned the report that that you
did are they expecting to get any
answers should they expect to get any
answers well that is what they are
hoping for that's why certain of the
families who want to remain anonymous
wanted to get this information out there
and as lawyers what we wanted to do was
to get the evidence the hard facts be
because then you're not just talking
about speculation or or rumor if that
can be shown to exist you to be proved
then governments have to take it
seriously they're there they can't
ignore it and through this process the
families friends relatives others are
hoping that their plight together as
obviously many others will be raised
based on real evidence
and to challenge those in authority to
take that seriously as they do in any
other case and in the other criminal
case
it can't be brushed aside there has to
be a proper investigation and a
determination to end these crimes okay
very interesting indeed to speak to all
of you thank you for joining us here on
Inside Story Rodney Dixon a summer
headed and Ally al med and thank you too
very much for watching you can see the
program again any time by visiting our
website in this aljazeera.com no further
discussion do go to our Facebook page
that's facebook.com/ for /aj inside
story you can also join the conversation
on twitter our handle is at aj inside
story from me Nora Kyle and the whole
team here it's bye for now
you
