Saatchi gold medalist alexander lenkov
silver medalist olga fat Kulina gold
medalist alexander Tretyakov just three
of the 28 russian athletes who've had
their olympic doping bans overturned and
their results at the last Winter
Olympics in Russia four years ago
reinstated after their appeals were
upheld by the Court of Arbitration for
sport the evidence collected was found
to be insufficient to establish that an
anti-doping relation was committed by
the athletes concerned this does not
mean that these 28 at lease are declared
innocence but in their case due to
insufficient evidence
the appeals upheld the sanctions
annulled and their individual results
achieved in Sochi reinstated it's a
setback for the case built against
Russia by the International Olympic
Committee and world anti-doping agency
Vladimir Putin has often said that the
anti-doping allegations against Russia
are politically motivated even that they
are designed to interfere in the
upcoming presidential elections well
that vote is less than two months away
now and so for the Kremlin casas
decision is a timely gift it fits neatly
into a picture often painted here
certainly one regularly offered by the
governments and state media of Russia as
a besieged fortress righteously
defending itself against a largely
hostile world and Russia is now pushing
for its previously disgraced sports men
and women to be readmitted to the Winter
Olympics starting next week in South
Korea the Court of Arbitration for sport
confirmed our athletes are clean and
earned the right to take part in the
Olympics so the Russian Olympic
Committee will send a letter to the
International Olympic Committee
suggesting they allow our athletes to
compete in the Olympic Games despite
what Russia's sports minister says the
International Olympic Committee notes
casas point a lack of evidence doesn't
prove the innocence of those athletes
for now the IOC seems reluctant to
admit them to compete in Pyeongchang the
result of the Kaz decision does not mean
that athletes from the group of 28 will
be invited to the games not being
sanctioned does not automatically confer
the privilege of an invitation still
provided it's not overturned on appeal
the cast decision means Russia has the
legal momentum in a country where sport
and politics often marched together
that's a boon for its athletes and the
Kremlin will reach Alan's al jazeera
Moscow
