it's a case that has been given little
attention given the recent state of
affairs in Saudi Arabia 30 of its
citizens detained without charge another
31 who have apparently simply
disappeared no one knows where they have
gone or where they're being held nor
have they been charged with any offenses
a violation of Saudi and international
laws say the British lawyers who
authored the report into the arrests and
are now calling for the UN to suspend
the government of Saudi Arabia from the
Human Rights Council if they are
committed to human rights and the
instruments that they signed up to as
well as international law then there's
no need for the suspension if they put
that into practice but those who breach
provisions of international codes I
should not be allowed to do that and
then still sit on a council that reviews
Human Rights around the world the double
standard should be stopped much may have
been made of the recent changes in Saudi
Arabia since the country's heir to the
throne Mohammed bin Salman assumed a
wider role women have won the right to
drive the last country in the world to
have lifted that ban and a high-profile
corruption crackdown against members of
the elite drew significant attention
around the world but human rights groups
say while these actions are part of a
determined effort to change Saudis
troubled image the reality is far
removed from that vision of change
dissent is silenced calls for change are
censored and even messages on social
media can invite imprisonment and
punishment the fact that multiple
activists are I mean at least 15
according to our accounts and maybe more
now that this new report has emerged our
jail solely for the human rights
activism and this is absolutely not
acceptable and I mean the efforts of the
crown prince to brand himself as a
reformer cannot fly in the face of such
blatant human rights violations as a
member of the UN's Human Rights panel
there is much pressure on Saudi Arabia
to fulfill its duties in that capacity
one way would be to get key allies such
as the UK a major exporter of arms to
the kingdom to convince them to fulfill
their legal
allegations Saudis rulers are expected
to visit Britain soon but there are
concerns as to how much of an effect
Prime Minister Theresa May would have on
pause to respect the values they're
meant to uphold as members of the Human
Rights Council
Saudi Arabia may be sensitive about his
image question is how much will it be
prepared to prove that it's willing to
accept change within the kingdom so any
guy llego al Jazeera London well for
more on this some joined now by the
world affairs annalistic lisman Moratti
thank you so much for joining us here on
al-jazeera I mean I suppose it is ironic
one would say that this report about the
Saudi violations of human rights is
actually presented to the UN Human
Rights Council which Saudi Arabia used
to chair I mean it's not a member of but
it used to a chair it do you think it
will actually make have any impact on
Saudi itself I think these measures to
relinquish Saudi of membership is too
little too late now we know that Saudi
Arabians tenure will evolve and next
year so this as a message to a Saudi
Arabia to focus on the human rights
efforts won't change the situation I
think in the slightest
something that will may change the
situation in a dramatic way is if those
who trade with the country with the
Kingdom impose some sort of sanctions to
it as if you do not improve your human
rights record then we will cease trading
with you or we will impose sanctions
upon you for this as we heard in sana
gallegos report I mean obviously there's
a new Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman
II certainly for us to present an image
of himself as a reformer there's you
know the lifting on on the ban on women
driving and you know push against
corruption according to him have any
steps in the right direction being made
in Saudi Arabia
well it depends you ask if you ask the
crown prince himself you'll say a lot of
steps have been made there are plans for
policy changes to be introduced will
happen if you ask the people who are
protesting people who are in prison in
the kingdom you're going to get a
different story in that regard but we
will see what happens with the crown
prince when policy gets put into action
and so that happens then the situation
will remain as it is and one of the
authors of that report again in sana
gallegos piece says that basically it
all boils down to countries putting
pressure on Saud
Rabia but is that likely to be the case
when we look at for example the united
states very much cozying up with the new
Saudi regime it's very hard to impose
these pressures on the country
especially if the situation in your home
country if you have issues with in your
home country as well now look at human
rights within human rights issues yeah
so many countries who are on the Human
Rights Council you could say they are
also violating Human Rights within their
own country
you see Angola there you see the
Democratic Republic of Congo but I was
speaking specifically about the United
States and sort of I mean presumably bad
or other countries or the UK putting
realistic pressure on Saudi Arabia do
you see that happening well how would
they go about especially when they're
trading so fiercely and they're causing
up so much so with them there needs to
be leverage on the US decide to do so to
get some sort of to get something back
from the Saudis in order to do this if
that won't be the case then I see no
reason why they should or how they would
go about doing something because when
marathi world affairs i'm at least we
can have to leave it there thanks for
joining us
