solidarity with the people of athlean
this protest is in the Kurdish run area
in northeast Syria where people say they
feel betrayed
I know that before we condemned the
Turkish state we condemned Russia
because had it not been for Russia
giving the green light Turkey would not
have been able to attack every now we
say to Russia and Turkey that your fate
and end will be at the hands of the
heroes of the YPG just like the end of
ice in a free in funerals are held for
fighters from the people's protection
units or YPG turkey considers the YPG a
terrorist organization but fighters from
the Kurdish group across Syria make up
the backbone of the us-backed Syrian
democratic forces crucial and the most
effective in the battle against ISIL
this is said to be video gender is an
area close to the border with Turkey
that has been heavily targeted sources
have told Al Jazeera that most people in
these areas have fled due to the heavy
bombardment the UN estimates around
15,000 are now displaced inside the
region of Athene we're also told there
have been civilian casualties after
random shelling in Turkey denies this
and says it only targets YPG positions
Turkey's offensive is now well into its
second week the village with the smoke
coming from it is inside Syria now
Turkey's been shelling these border
areas on a daily basis it's also
supported on the ground by Free Syrian
Army fighters there's a Syrian rebels at
Turkey supports and they have a presence
here in Turkey
along the border we spot a few Free
Syrian Army fighters on the side of the
road they are rarely seen this openly in
Turkey turkeys brought many of these FSA
fighters from Syria and they are now
waiting along the border for orders to
advance we managed to speak to one of
them who tells us the battle won't be
easy when I got there so but then we're
willing we're facing quite a few
challenges first the weather didn't help
us as it was foggy and raining second
the YPG has advanced snipers that's why
we are taking it slow and trying to
control these mountains first turkeys
aim at the moment is to secure its
border area with a free
airstrikes and artillery can be heard
all along this area but we're told at
the YPG are well-prepared and know the
terrain this could be a long and
difficult fight Stephanie Decker al
Jazeera on the turkey-syria border
