I am for me okay
and I'm Malika Bilal is there a dark
side to the world of social media
influencers is that a trick question
today the stream examines the power and
the ethics behind the instafamous and
some other media messengers I'm joined
Jensen I'm a social media entrepreneur
and I'm in the stream which is social
media vlogger Eldar be unleashed a
firestorm of controversy this year when
she emailed a Dublin hotel owner asking
for a little quid pro quo in exchange
for free stay over Valentine's Day
weekend Donnelly would give the hotel
publicity by posting about the trip on
her social media channels it was an
offer the hotel's owner scaling lee
declined in an email to darby which he
then posted to facebook as you might
imagine the post went viral and hashtag
blogger gate ensues joining us to talk
about this and the role of social media
influences we have in california heidi
Nazaruddin she's a social-media
influencer with over four hundred and
seventy-five thousand Instagram
followers in Perth Australia
Eva Morelle the social-media influencer
and YouTube vlogger who created the
Aussie man reviews he has more than 1.8
million subscribers in London Serena
Bergman she's a journalist who writes
about media advertising and offers
commentary on social media influences
and in New York we have Brittany
Hennessey author of the forthcoming book
influencer building your personal brand
in the age of social media welcome to
the stream everyone I want to start on
my laptop with a tweet from someone who
really showcases that this is a global
conversation this is Alexander out of
Lusaka Zambia he says in my area there
is a retired doctor who's now a
social-media influencer he's always
talking about how to stay healthy
he believes in natural medicine and he's
also always encouraging people to be to
use natural methods so we dug around a
little and found his account this is dr.
Wesley p.m. Sung
who do on Facebook you can see it there
I will persist until I succeed that's
just one of the pictures he's got up in
that account
even this is one person's idea of a good
social-media influencer what is it that
makes you a good influencer I don't
really think of myself too much as an
influencer and I don't know how much
influence I have some days to be honest
it takes a while like I didn't start
Ozzy man reviews wanting to be
influential I started it because I like
comedy and I wanted to make comedy
videos and it grew from there and then
that world starts to creep in on you
whether it's sponsored posts and
business opportunities and all of that
as it grows you start getting approached
by lots of different companies and the
word influencer gets used so I kind of
just discovered it and maybe I just
haven't taken it that seriously and
maybe that makes me good at it I think
you've got to have you got to work with
brands that match your brand you know
it's it's got to add it out and you got
to be able to learn to care about the
brands that you work with if you're
doing a sponsored video or a sponsored
post that's really I'm gonna give people
a little taste of what you do - some of
the fruity language here is your review
of the iPhone 10 have a look radically
new cameras it's our goal to make sure
every professional photographer goes out
of business in ten years just bloody do
it yourself at every wedding oh one more
thing there's one more thing it's a
dinosaur machine it can make dinosaurs
have we learned nothing from Jurassic
Park though holy Dooley this advert has
made me flushed iPhone X November 3
there's an apple an alien meanwhile the
iPhone 8 still looks like wall-e that's
fine the iPhone 7 look like wall-e the
iPhone 8 looks like wall-e we love
wall-e HIDA you are amused by that what
moment did you think
now I'm influencing people I can
actually hold that title
as a social-media influencer when did
you cross the line for me was a gradual
thing I didn't just wake up one day like
I'm gonna be an influencer I started
writing online seven years ago and I
guess a lot of people resonated with
what I was writing and it was it was an
incremental thing and I think I I didn't
use the phrase influencer myself until
people started branding me as such and I
think it's just an easier way to see
what I do which is I have a large
presence online and I do use my online
platform to talk about things that I
love and and I believe in so in that
sense yes I would influencer because I
know that I have a large platform and
people resonate with some of the things
that I do so I go to you and you're
giving me what as a follower what do I
get out of following you Heidi I feel a
lot of people and I got this from my
father as well what you like is
inspiration because my whole thing is I
am a businesswoman
I own a social media agency I own other
businesses but I'm also very visible
online and I give them a sort of glimpse
into my will of what you know a boss
lady who's this jet-setting around the
world working having a stab and looking
fabulous doing it how that would you
know sort of look like and and a lot of
people said actually told me they are
motivated when they look at me like look
at her she's she moved to LA you know
and and built this Empire and she looks
great
most of the time sometimes I don't but
and I give them tips on how to you know
create a successful live themselves and
look at doing it and I think people
resonate with that Serena are these real
jobs of course they're real jobs there's
no such thing as a real or not real job
I think if you're doing something every
day and you're working hard that's it
that's your job I think it's not
particularly helpful to think about
things in those terms I don't think the
term influencer is particularly helpful
either and it definitely makes that
distinction between what traditional
celebrities have done and what a new
breed of internet celebrity does and
that's what the term influencer implies
I do think it's somewhat descriptive but
I think it makes it seem like it's too
far
removed from what we've always had which
is the idea there are certain people who
have jobs who have a high profile within
those jobs and therefore people are cut
to them and are interested in buying
into their brand of lifestyle in some
way that's definitely not new and but
because we call them influences and
because they exist on the internet it's
something people really struggle to get
their head around Ethan internet
celebrity will you own that title you're
comfortable with that what makes a good
one what makes a good internet celebrity
wife gee I don't know I'm discovering it
I mean yeah I'm not good with with
titles what we're talking about they're
just trying to clearly define influencer
or pin it down it is kind of vague and
ambiguous and and could mean lots of
things it seems like a marketing
buzzword like viral I mean you say I
would say there's no such thing as a
good influence that anymore there's such
thing as a good celebrity there are
people who are great at comedy people
who are great at creating videos that
videography a sound at special effects
there are people whose personality in
some way really attracts others and
that's what everyone's individually good
at I don't think there's such a thing as
a good influence that in and of itself
and influence is just something that
comes from the things that you are good
at yeah so I want to bring that's what
I'm trying to say and I hear you're
their youth and I want to bring in one
other perspective this is via YouTube
live where people are watching us pass
news perspective he writes you can't get
exposure unless you pay for likes and
views talking about some of the
challenges to this world of influence
Heidi I'm wondering on your perspective
on this the paying for likes and views
it could mean buying followers it could
mean promoting your own posts to make
sure they get may show up within the
algorithms on Instagram and Facebook
where do you fall in this I would like
to to answer to his comment I would like
to say yes and no no because if you
don't have good content you can boost
the heck out of it it's not gonna
resonate so you can't you can't you know
make something come alive when it's
it's dead and yes in terms of there are
you know for example Facebook organic
reach is very low so you do need to
boost your content to get that those
eyeballs or that reach but it's not it's
not a starting point you know if you
have great content and you have you know
you're consistently posting you don't
need a lot of ad spent and buying likes
and and I don't know comments it's it's
a thing but most brands are savvy enough
to see when when someone's doing it and
also there's so many dashboards and
things you can do to find out in
literally five seconds to know whether
someone or an influencer is doing that
so it's not really you know the biggest
problem the question about ethics and
being an influencer or an online
celebrity has popped up with Elder be
asking for that trip in Dublin and then
when that whole thing blew up she
explained what it is she does and what
her value is have a look I decided to
contact some hotels asking if they would
like to collaborate ie basically I go
visit them I stay in the hotel I feature
them on vlogs I put them on my Instagram
I talk about the hotel I write a review
whatever in return for a discounted or
complimentary stay because that same
hotel would not be able to go to a
magazine or to a billboard or to a
television advert for a free review in
something that could potentially be
bringing them a lot more business I feel
so disgusting having to say this I feel
so vile and it makes me kind of feel
sick but as a 22 year old girl who's
running her own business from her home I
don't feel like I did anything wrong in
that let me just bring in Brittany
Brittany you you look for young people
like elder B to see if you can match
them up with brands in terms of this
ethical question was there anything that
L did or when you're going out as social
influences and say I want to work with
you as a brand was anything that went
wrong in in that interaction you know
it's difficult to say because I can't
see the email that she said
and I put in here boom and when you're
dealing with simple answers it's all
about the big ass
you can ask for anything you can ask for
a lot of money you stay a helicopter
ride it's all about people you thought
that it difficult something wrong but in
general ask France to collaborate is how
these ones got a lot their deals and how
fine bread the sega's closed mouth and
if she you wanted to collaborate with
his hotel best way to do that and
Brittany and I actually saw her email
and I and I thought it was nothing wrong
I read in her email and I thought she
was completely you know doing the right
thing so I I thought the property owner
was maybe misinformed on how things work
or did not realize you know that's
actually very common and I think it's a
miscommunication that blew up so I hear
you Heidi about maybe he just didn't
understand how this works or someone on
Twitter who says he probably would agree
with that viewpoint because he says more
than just asking influencers need to
demand Donald says it's now accepted by
global companies his view that when he
was over 3,000 followers on any social
media is a social-media influencer and
such brand outreach can be monetized so
don't endorse any business unless you're
paid or you don't need the money
don't be heard saying that you are poor
he's coming to us from Kenya he also
writes when someone asked him what if a
company tags you or follows your
comments on something on your wall or
your post Donald says then send them an
invoice minimum payment is us five
hundred dollars for tagging to a
business or a company Ethan is new
chuckling they're send them an invoice
if they like your stuff to get that
money what do you make of that well I
can see how it went wrong l actually I
think maybe I can't just say there was
nothing wrong with what she did I think
you can poke holes in it and maybe she
was punching above her weight class as
well in terms of her level of influence
and that's something that the owner of
the hotel really jumped on and
yeah proceeded to blow up from there and
turn into more and more of a
miscommunication it's the me
even it's the money thing though that I
think it's the ethical question what the
particular thing that happened between L
and that hotel practice so I know that
on your Facebook site you say sometimes
you're compensated for some of the work
that you're that you've done BuzzFeed
news are reporting that ninety-three
percent of top celebrity Instagram ads
aren't properly disclosed so if I'm
looking at your YouTube channel and I'm
laughing my head off at a review how do
I know if you were given the product if
you were given a trip how would I know
and do you need to tell me yeah I I
think it is good to tell your audience
just to keep the levels of trust really
so you'll see one today on the Facebook
page that was sponsored by UFC the
review of the fighter Yoel Romero and in
the top comment I disclosed this is a
sponsored video in the post description
on YouTube at this place this is a
sponsored video you can do it more
overtly and I guess really let people
know but at the same time you don't
necessarily have to if it's a good fit
like if the two brands work well
together you know you don't need to I
guess self deprecated to much and go
this is sponsored everyone this is
sponsored don't don't panic about it if
you've made a good decision in the
brand's fit then the ethics are gonna
they're gonna be okay I mean with with
ELLs stuff I don't know if she does
hotel reviews I don't know if the brand
really fits and that's where it kind of
went wrong ethically just to kind of tie
it back with the actions of what
happened it's intertwined with that I
guess but if the brand doesn't fit it's
gonna backfire I think it's kind of as
simple as that and I hope disclosing it
is good just to maintain trust some
brands will say don't disclose it others
will say do disclose it sometimes no one
brings up the conversation so of course
it is being brought up here and that
issue of trust is one that keeps coming
up this is what one person thought of it
this is Nia Imani on Twitter she says
since Millennials view my content the
most I know that they come to platforms
like YouTube Instagram and Twitter and
search of real opinion
that commercials and ads don't offer
therefore I always ensure that I'm
transparent as possible she goes on to
say people can tell when you're being
genuine and honest and they're more
receptive and typically engage more when
they feel like you're one of their
friends versus a scripted advertisement
so I taking that in mind Heidi I've gone
over here to your page a holiday guide
to Kuala Lumpur and what's striking is
right here at the very top it says this
blog post is created in partnership with
uber however all thoughts and opinions
are my own
as always you don't always see that on
post why was that important for you to
put there like a lot of the people have
said I'm very transparent in what I do I
always I hope we have a policy any any
products that I get over $250 that I
pull I usually would declare that it's
it's given or it's gifted and any
collaborations that paid is completely
disclosed there and it's not even a big
thing where you know thank you Bob
lights it's really thank you so much for
any submit collaboration and I feel
that's where trust is you know my my
followers are not stupid they you know
they can see to it sponsored / so I I'm
not even going to try to to you know
pull a wool over their eyes I just go
straight out and state and that's the
best policy for me Serena there's real
money to be made and who are you finding
are doing the best deals of the most
successful in terms of influencing their
social media following I'm in terms of
brand I think it often depends a lot
more on a specific piece of content so I
personally feel that the kind of ads
where you get an influencer to hold up
your product in Instagram post and
that's not the most effective I don't
think what we have to realize is that
influencers are in a difficult position
because they've often risen to the point
that they're at because they walk this
fine line between being aspirational but
also relatable now in order to be
slightly aspirational you have to have a
life that's just slightly sparkly then
your viewers have but you have to
maintain that level of relatability and
I think when people see
influences doing things like requesting
free holidays or having huge
collaborations with brands that element
of relatability gets lost and people get
really angry because we really don't
like the idea that implications are
making money from it and this is where
the double standard lies you know
influences time and time again afford to
say I promise I'm not doing it for the
views I promise I'm not doing it for the
money well of course you're doing it for
the money it's a job just like any other
and in no other industry do we see this
pressure on people to say that what
they're doing is a job if it's actually
something that you make money from so
you know I have to show you this guess I
have to show you this is from influencer
marketing hub micro influencers versus
celebrity so that's pretty much anyone
who's not as famous as Kim Kardashian
the amp and ambition mister Heidi that's
you for each single price you can get
between a thousand and a thousand seven
hundred for each post that is how much
you're worth and we just put in Ossie
man reviews here we go oh my goodness
one thousand one hundred and fifty five
thousand two one thousand nine hundred
that's a pretty good Wow Oh Instagram
all right that's how much each post
would be worth and if you wanted to
monetize it mine of course is a lot less
than that but here's one person with
knowing that keeping that in mind here's
one person who says this is always and
always will be about the money so
they're watching live on YouTube they
write social media influencers are very
ambiguous it seems they give the people
freedom but in reality the main goal is
profit no matter what values are behind
that this is demand and supply there's
one person though we heard from in our
community who disagrees we got a video
comment from a social-media influencer
and a blogger I am hacia is her handle
and here's what she told the stream I've
created a corner of the virtual world
where women from all over can come to
to share and discuss what's important to
them
and I've done this by creating a hashtag
called words by Ostia where I share my
own personal journey my own personal
struggles the important thing about my
platform is showing a different side to
women it's about peeling back those
layers and allowing us all to come
together in order to heal and empower
one another so Heidi she says this is
about empowerment this is beyond just
endorsements take a look at her feet
here though it is quite sparkly this is
I am hacia on Instagram just scrolling
through it's aspirational to the new I'm
sure lots of other people look thirty
five point nine thousand people do as
well so Heidi what do you make of her
her video comments she sent them this is
more than just endorsements it's about
empowerment
I completely agree you know I I do make
it a point to use my platform to empower
to inspire and to promote causes that I
do believe and yes you know I do have to
make money to support the the thing that
is the ambition ISTA but it's not it's
not mutually exclusive to my goal of
empowering and using my platform for you
know causes that I do believe in we've
talked about the dark side guess a
little bit earlier on when we were
talking about this show is there a dark
side to social media influences you may
remember a young man called Logan poor
he's a massive YouTube star he did a
video from Japan it also features
someday who'd committed suicide and then
there was obviously a big controversy
about that he's just come back online
recently and he talked about the
experience he said sometimes I make
mistakes is this the dark side Serena is
this sometimes where you have access to
millions of people and they may well do
things that are following you and maybe
you don't have any guidelines you're
just doing what you feel like that was a
really tricky situation because I
completely understand why people found
it offensive and I do think that we need
to give people a toolkit in order to be
able to approach do you think so
typically in journalism as you know we
have incredibly strict guidelines around
how suicide is reported and for good
reason
these guidelines don't exist for YouTube
videos because it's such a new platform
and a new form of media I think you know
a lot of the criticism was that he
showed the body on camera that he
appeared to be making a joke and that he
had no ties the video I believe at least
initially and it seemed to be profiting
from you know a really tragic event I
think though that what again we come
back to the same issue which is he is
trying to make a living by essentially
putting himself in the public eye which
is what Douglas do and occasionally you
will come to situations which are thorny
and difficult to pass I don't think he
necessarily made the best choice I think
the way that he was attacked and judged
was unfair and he was being held to a
standard that wasn't really on a level
with what we should expect from someone
who's essentially creating reality TV by
themselves Logan Paul said this he
posted this have a look here my laptop
I'm often reminded of how big of a reach
I truly have and with great power comes
great responsibility for the first time
in my life I'm regretful to say I
handled that power incorrectly it won't
happen again and we just remind you he
has 16 million YouTube followers mallika
so I will end with this tweet from Moses
because I think he sums this up quite
nicely he said social media influencing
has become the newest kid on the block
career-wise and the majority of the
young are striving to become one so
hopefully they learned a few tips on
what to do and not to do on this show
Ethan Morrell and Heidi already top tips
for other social influences that you
would say I have learned this don't do
this or do this you have 30 seconds
Heidi what should he not do or what
should you do I've learned that don't
cheese beam for the sake of theme
actually do something that if it brings
you Fame and influence you know at the
end that's great but it's never about
just being famous I wanted to build an
online platform I just made famous a
thermogenic try not to get too caught up
in their analytics and the numbers and
the money remember
do it remember why you love it the
Internet is one big attention economy
everyone's fighting for it but transom
morale caught up in there Heidi Serena
and Brittany thank you so much being
part of our show we really appreciate it
conversation continues at hashtag a day
stream see you online
you
