the siege of powerful Yemen's government
is no longer under its control this is
the southern port city of Aden where
secessionist say they are now in charge
fighters from the southern transitional
council have seized areas around the
presidential palace and military bases
the Prime Minister's call to ceasefire
has not worked the government of
president of the rebel Mansour Hadi is
based out of Saudi Arabia and the man he
appointed as governor of Aden
now heads the separatist movement
secessionists had given how the a
week-long ultimatum to changes
government and when the deadline expired
on Sunday thousands of their supporters
took to the streets of Aden we demand
this corrupt gang in the liberated
southern areas be expelled our youth
have sacrificed for this school these
sacrifices cannot go down the drain and
see this corrupt gang in power to them
we say enough is enough
many people in the South have accused
the government in the north of
discrimination since Yemen was united in
1990 the situation has worsened since
the war against the Houthis began three
years ago we aspire to form a state the
coalition must consider our cause if not
they will be the losers as we will
restore our country and our state we are
here today holding our ground we will
remain in the streets we will topple the
failed government we will topple bin
Dafa and his government as they've
humiliated our people the people of the
South the saudi-led coalition was
supposed to fight the iran-backed Houthi
rebels who control much of the north
including the capital Sanaa when the
United Arab Emirates which is part of
that coalition has been supporting the
separatists in the South while you as
partner Saudi Arabia max the
internationally recognized government
which no longer has any control in the
north or the south
but despite that the Saudis insists the
coalition hasn't splintered welcome Mr
Al Arabiya with Tejeda we're doing at
the head of the position of the UAE
remains deeply consistent with other
members of the coalition concerning the
Yemen crisis the foreign ministers
meeting last week was good evidence that
members of the coalition are united and
we'll take the liberation of Yemen as
their ultimate
goal but instead of liberating and
uniting Yemen the war seems to have
pushed the country to the brink of
breaking up some oven Javed al Jazeera
