it may have only been a year ago that
president red ship t-bird oh and
criticized Germany's governing coalition
as the enemies of Turkey saw an
opportunity to reset the rocky relations
between Berlin and Ankara maybe a timely
one an ambitious task given the
disparity on issues such as democratic
values but one that both countries can
ill afford to ignore as Turkey tumbled
into a financial crisis
it needed a pragmatic solution
especially from its largest European
export partner turkey needs Germany and
Edwin has understood this so he
understands that he cannot afford to
offend the Germans because that will
block his relationship with Europe a
trip to Germany may have been a logical
choice for president otto an a country
that's home to the largest Turkish
Diaspora but relations have been tense
since turkeys crackdown following the
July 2016 failed coup that saw tens of
thousands of people imprisoned including
some German citizens while supporters of
the Turkish president have welcomed the
visit it is by no means one that the
entire community has rallied behind with
protests against odo and scheduled for
Friday discuss again I believe we need
to take to the streets on the day not
just to demonstrate against something
but to demonstrate for something for
freedom of the press for democracy and
for human rights it is also about
showing our government who wishes to
receive the president that they are
following the wrong policy but it's not
all one-sided Germany and the wider
European Union also need a stable turkey
on its doorstep
a Turkish banking crisis could
significantly impact European banks and
the Syrian refugee crisis continues
Europe's rising antipathy towards asylum
seekers has left it dependent on Turkey
to control the flow of people fleeing
from Syria's Civil War who makes my the
German side has certain tasks to fulfil
as does the Turkish side Germany must
vehemently fight Islamophobia and
hostility towards Turks and take up
measures the Turkish side
or rather Iran should not use the Turks
living in Germany for his own policies
and with all this in mind the
relationship between the two countries
may continue being increasingly
transactional much will depend on how
they negotiate their respective issues
for both economic and geopolitical
stability
Sonia Gallo al-jazeera
