Andrew McCabe has been with the FBI for
20 years but in recent months he's been
the target of repeated criticism from
President Trump the Deputy Director
played a role in the investigation and
Hillary Clinton's use of a private email
server his wife ran for office for the
Democrats in Virginia and received
campaign donations from Clinton allies
for the president that was enough for
him to tweet how can the FBI deputy
director Andrew McCabe the man in charge
along with Lincoln James Comey of the
forney Hillary Clinton investigation
including her 33,000 illegally deleted
emails be given $700,000 for his wife's
campaign by Clinton puppets during
investigation when McCabe announced his
intention to retire in March the
president tweeted again FBI deputy
director Andrew McCabe is racing the
clock to retire with full benefits 90
days to go the White House denied it
played any part in his decision to leave
the FBI I can tell you none of this
decision was made by that of the White
House and any specifics I would refer
you to the FBI
McCabe briefly ran the FBI after the
president fired James Comey the
Washington Post reported the president
asked him how he voted in the election
the Cape told him he didn't vote but his
departure will raise questions among
other FBI agents this is profoundly
disturbing it's yet another chip in the
edifice of the separation of politics
from the rule of law and the
Independence of the Justice Department
the law enforcement bodies of United
States in this instance the FBI
intelligence community and frankly
American democracy this has been
dominating the headlines but
Washington's attention will soon turn to
this president's first State of the
Union speech later on Tuesday but the
ramifications of McCabe's abrupt
departure may well rumble on Allen
Fisher al Jazeera Washington
