Pennsylvania hadn't chosen a Republican
president since 1988 but thanks in part
to support from rural communities where
the steel industry still clings on
Donald Trump flipped the state in 2016
the collapse of the industry was
devastating but US Steel's Clairton coke
plant remains the largest coke plant in
the US and at the local union hall Jim
McLaughlin explains that it was to
safeguard the plants future that he
voted for Trump under every president
we've taken a hit
Republican Democrat and the trade
agreements both parties have to agree to
it I wanted something different Donald
Trump was clear when he was campaigning
we're going to bring steel back and
Trump won here because of his stated
opposition to trade deals that led to a
glut of cheap imported steel and his
pledge to investigate whether the u.s.
is reliance on steel imports is a threat
to US national security but a decision
on that may still be several months away
the White House is reported to be split
on the issue at the Clairton Union Hall
there's disappointment not least because
while the White House hesitates steel
imports have soared I thought it would
have been down a middle summer make a
decision but overseas they know this
might be coming and they're just dumping
even more will out Jones didn't vote for
Trump we're still flatline like you not
I mean since the election there he never
trusted Trump he was willing to retain
some hope that hasn't yet been justified
I'm not sure that he believes anything
other didn't you know money now for the
top that's what I see in it several
times over the last year donald trump
has touted his job creation skills only
four job losses soon to follow the most
infamous example is the carrier factory
in indiana carrier will never leave but
since then hundreds of workers have
quietly been laid off from the plant as
jobs move elsewhere jonathan Gramsci is
the president of the Clairton branch off
the united steelworkers seems to be his
nature of you know saying something and
going
there's still hope in the Mon Valley but
having been failed by both the Democrats
and Republicans in the past if Trump's
words turn out to be empty they say it's
nothing new
but you have to remember one thing we've
been promised a lot of things over the
years and nobody's ever come through
with the promises Donald Trump didn't
pledge to revitalize communities here in
the Mon Valley with ambitious plans to
refashion them as hubs for 21st century
jobs but by pledging to return them to a
heyday not seen for 70 years for many
here it was worth a try however
improbable share Burton C al Jazeera the
Mon Valley Pennsylvania
