in 2012 the United Nations confirmed
that the Benham rise is part of the
Philippines territory it's an undersea
plateau located on the country's eastern
coast it's at the center of the planets
a marine biodiversity and its resources
aren't apt with more than 13 million
Hector's believed to be rich in minerals
and gas we traveled to Benin rise a few
months ago back then the Philippine
military boasted of a long-term plan to
improve its patrols of the area the
Agriculture Ministry also planned to
build a reserve that will be a refuge
for Filipino fishermen the Benham rice
was seen as a possible solution to the
country's food shortages but that
appears to have changed now president
rodrigo duterte says china may now lead
exploration in the area his government
says the research is purely scientific
but maritime experts say do turtles
apparent cozying up to China is alarming
we can see that this is all part of this
administration's policy of friendliness
towards China which in a way is also
going overboard because it's just about
in every aspect of of national life not
China is also locked in a dispute with
the Philippines and other countries over
the Spratlys group of islands in the
South China Sea its incursions in the
area have raised tension with other
regional countries some fear the same
could happen in the Benham rise it
should be a neutral country that have no
vested interests that have no claim on
our territory on our exclusive economic
zone that's why I said let's follow the
ABC rule anyone but China Filipino
scientists are demanding transparency
from the Turkish government they want
the government to release the details of
the expedition so the public will know
the concessions given to China but the
government refuses to address the issue
directly we do not have sovereignty in
the Benham race because what we only
have
the venom rise as part of extended
continental shelf is the right to
explore and exploit the natural
resources found Iraq Filipino scientists
have been exploring venom rise for years
and want to continue their work although
China has become a powerful player in
the region many people we spoke to here
say they believe the government stand on
the issue may endanger the country's
interests and those of its longtime
allies Jamela Lindberg and al-jazeera
Manila
