sharing a stage comes naturally to these
Cuban and us musicians Cuba's best-known
pianist Chucho vald√©s playing alongside
American jazz legend Joe LaVon the
saxophone player is among the u.s.
artists who headline this year's Havana
Jazz Festival musicians turned cultural
ambassadors at a time of renewed
hostilities between their governments
it's now more important than ever that
music is a common language connects
these two countries again the politics
or the politics but the art form is a
common language and that will help
strengthen perhaps some of the other
areas of the broader international
relationship and that relationship has
deteriorated significantly since its
high point two years ago today the State
Department is actively advising
Americans to stay away from Cuba but not
all of them are listening even under
tighter travel restrictions re-imposed
by the Trump administration and then
precedented number of Americans visited
and performed that this year's Jazz
Festival here in Havana and when asked
why they're here they generally gave the
same basic answer music Trump's Trump as
far as I'm concerned this Cuban pianist
couldn't agree more
playing for a tour of American jazz
lovers whore Henry spot-check Oh thinks
musical overtures can have just as much
power as diplomatic ones Ala Moana as
well knows Cuban music and culture is an
explosion it's fire and that is what we
transmit to the audiences beyond all the
problems that exist I try to express
what I am NOT as a musician but as a
culture
and the cultural efforts extend beyond
music this statue of Cuban independence
here are Jose Marti was a gift from New
York's Bronx Museum of the Arts
to the people of Cuba the unveiling
attended by architects and other artists
from both countries hopes to mark the
start of other joint projects it's
always been the artists and the cultural
organizations that have really kept the
conversation going they were responsible
for initiating the conversation and open
the doors for relationship building and
greater connections between Cuba in the
United States Raul Castro attended the
inaugural ceremony in what is expected
to be one of his last public events as
Cuban president perhaps an out of
support to those trying to get the
relationship with the u.s. back on track
Julia Galliano al Jazeera Havana
