it's still dark on the southern tip of
Bogota as former FARC rebel now
political candidate Byron yepez
approaches workers on their long commute
into town good morning I want to invite
you to the launch of the Fox campaign we
are ex FARC fighters and we are now in
politics for people like you for decades
the episodes fought the state as a rebel
commander the military thought he had
died in a 2009 bombardment instead after
handing in his weapons under the 2016
peace deal he's running for a seat in
Congress we've always done politics but
obviously in completely different
circumstances and our social base was
mainly peasant farmers the city is a
different beast but we are learning we
are transitioning into what is a novel
path for us Forex party is presenting 74
candidates for the legislative elections
in March their policies focus on
inequality hoping to make inroads into
Colombia's lower class the 50 percent of
the population that rarely votes it
might be good to vote for them because
they are common people just like us they
understand the needs of the humble and
the poor but most Colombians remain
angry at parks long history of
kidnappings and attacks a slim majority
rejected the peace deal in a referendum
and surveys show little support 30 X
fighters have been killed by groups
hoping to destabilize the peace process
however at the former launch of the
campaign in this working-class
neighborhood this parrot is a beat
regardless of their showing but the
party hopes their candidates will win
way beyond that litical analysts say
they will have a hard time overcoming
people's distrust and a crowded
political field Yurok Park has a golden
opportunity in the next two legislators
to build their party and political
discourse yet it will be difficult to
translate that into votes
I'm sure the farc will be a relevant
political organization and they'll
propose important debates in Congress
and grab the attention of the media but
they'll probably remain irrelevant in
terms of boats for the former rebels
these are just the first steps into an
unfamiliar stage but whatever happens
most Colombians hope it will be a win
for peace Allyson Don Quixote al Jazeera
Bogota
