inside the National Stadium order
reigned as president Kwan Orlando
Hernandez was sworn in for his second
term outside things were different it
sums up a nation divided by elections in
which there were serious irregularities
we are demanding our votes be respected
we voted and defeated the narco dictator
even with all his resources we defeated
him you can see the protesters trying to
advance on the National Stadium but
there's a big line of military police
that aren't letting them get anywhere
near and it's turned into a little bit
of a pitched battle with tear gas and
stones numbers were way down from the
tens of thousands that March two months
ago a sense of futility and more than 30
deaths has dampened the spirits of many
in his speech the president gave the
barest of mentions to the crisis
agreeing to look at electoral reform in
the future we are prepared to listen to
any offer without barriers because that
is the dialogue that will take us toward
reconciliation and the healing of the
hunger and family he preferred to talk
about his plans to resolve poverty and a
lack of jobs both grew worse during his
first term in other areas he has seen
progress he has come to agreements with
the International Monetary Fund he has
in good terms with the World Bank in
good terms with the inter-american
Development Bank that has been very
helped he's also had success in lowering
the sky high murder rate although the
security crackdown has also led to
alleged human rights abuses and
reinforced his reputation as an
authoritarian leader on the side of an
elite ruling class now his biggest
challenge is to prove to Hondurans that
he can govern for all John Holman
al-jazeera Tegucigalpa
