it's been called the world's biggest
jigsaw puzzle 600 million bits of paper
are now having to be put back together
again
by hand there are still 15,000 bags of
them to go through an urgent search is
now going on to find sophisticated new
software to try and cope with the task
without a cutting-edge computer and
scanner it will take many decades to
finish victims of the secret police
might now go to their graves without
ever really knowing these missing pages
of their own lives looking into your own
starti file is something very personal
I felt it myself it allowed me to regain
some control of my past the relics of
communist rule beyond the Iron Curtain
in Berlin can give no inkling of what it
was really like to live through those
dark years these archives contain some
of the names of the collaborators and
files that have been successfully pieced
together
men like Knut schmuck codenamed Jacobi
who spied on fellow border guards all
informants had to make a hand-written a
vow of loyalty I pledge to support the
ministry for state security in in its in
the service of its great tasks regarding
the protection and fortification of East
Germany with all my power this is a
Stasi expenses receipt showing payment
of 7500 Hungarian forints to an
informant here a photograph of an
undercover surveillance operation and
this a letter of commendation for a
senior spy codenamed Scheffer stationed
abroad his reward 300 German marks and a
bronze medal the stars ease horn Sean
house and prison in East Berlin is now a
memorial it's been estimated that nearly
one in six of the population of the
German Democratic Republic collaborated
with the secret police thousands of
lives were torn apart by the Stasi and
nothing can put them back together again
but nearly 30 years after the fall of
the Berlin Wall
victims might find some painful comfort
in finally finding out the name of the
person whose betrayal put them behind
Thomas is now a tour guide in the prison
where he spent more than two years in
the cells for trying to escape to the
west by feeling obsessive for many there
were situations where people were
surprised learning that maybe even their
best friend was an informer that
happened some people want to know about
this but others don't
they stole two years from my life this
will have four consequences until the
very end of it cheater
al Jazeera Eastern Berlin
