in the weeks that followed
anti-government protests Iran's security
forces and police detained thousands of
suspected demonstrators most have been
interrogated and released some made to
sign a pledge promising never again to
participate in unrest or damaged public
property
almost everyone al Jazeera tried to
contact even those who marched in favor
of the government declined to speak to
us many said they worried they might say
the wrong thing and land themselves in a
prison cell by coincidence or by design
government actions following opposition
rallies have created an atmosphere of
fear and speaking publicly is seen as an
act of courage Mohamed Motamedi Nejad is
the Secretary of the Justice seekers a
student movement with members from
universities across Tehran they advocate
for public housing and better economic
conditions and took part in protests
last month but stopped when protests
became violent and parvathi along as
long as problems exist protests will
happen and they happen in every country
these kinds of protests are something
normal and it is the people's right and
it's something natural
he said Iranians are frustrated after
enduring years of hard times but
violence was something most
anti-government protesters did not want
i'm cinda Tehran okay things happened
that we didn't want some people died in
different parts of the country also in
Tehran some students after these
incidents were arrested and there were
news reports that someone was killed
during an interrogation but the justice
seeker movement wants without any
judgment is transparency on these kinds
of incidents
he also said a lack of transparency
about the deaths of protesters and
people in police custody was making many
Iranians distrust their own government
and the government leaders blaming
outside forces with no evidence was
unacceptable even though they admit that
the demonstrations were started by
people who had legitimate economic
concerns the official position of the
government is still that the protests
were overtaken by foreign enemies so
instead of framing the anti-government
rallies as a domestic display of civil
rights the government is framing
everything that
as an external threat to Iran's national
security Iranian leaders say they live
in a tough neighborhood and maintaining
internal stability must come first
an OSHA manual in care we have some
enemies that never hide their animosity
America the CIA and global imperialism
and international Zionists have never
hidden their animosity towards us in
this climate any protest could actually
compromise our security while an
organized and peaceful protest in the
streets can give us insight it shouldn't
be in a way that our enemies could be
sues Neuros he added that any Iranian is
welcome to seek out people like him and
demand their rights but they would have
to play by the government's rules those
who hold rallies and protests there are
children I've been in Parliament for two
years most days we see thousands of
people in front of Parliament for
protests they come to hold banners chant
slogans sometimes they're silent we see
they've written banners we speak to them
they agree we agree we legislate some
laws for them I don't think there is a
country that has the kind of freedom we
already have in Iran while president
Hassan rouhani continues to publicly
defend the rights of protesters earlier
this week the Tehran provincial
governors office denied a request by the
City Council to designate a part of the
capital specifically for peaceful
protests critics say it's an example of
government doublespeak Zane bus Ravi
al-jazeera Tehran
