a historic hearing in Washington a woman
recounting a traumatic event for her
teenage years I am here today not
because I want to be I am terrified
versus a man fighting for his future and
a seat on the US Supreme Court this
confirmation process has become a
national disgrace
Christine Blasi Ford seemed on the verge
of tears as she told the Senate
Judiciary Committee about what she calls
the worst night of her life the night
Blasi Ford says a teenage Brett
Kavanaugh tried to strip her and rape
her laughing all the while he was 17 she
was 15 I believed he was going to rape
me I tried to yell for help when I did
Brett put his hand over my mouth to stop
me from yelling this is what terrified
me the most and has had the most lasting
impact on my life
Blasi Ford's testimony comes 11 days
after her allegation against the Supreme
Court nominee was published in The
Washington Post Cavanaugh testified
shortly after Ford through tears of his
own he vehemently denied assaulting Ford
or anyone else I'm here today to tell
the truth I've never sexually assaulted
anyone not in high school not in college
not ever mistaken Blasi Ford has told
Senators her allegations are not
far-fetched and that the trauma has
haunted her for decades with what degree
of certainty do you believe Brett
Kavanaugh assaulted you 100% 100% what
is the strongest memory you have the
Prius laughter between the two and
they're having fun at my expense as for
president Trump's nominee he was adamant
he's not going anywhere I will not be
intimidated into withdrawing from this
process you've tried hard you've given
it your all hearing adjourned within
moments of the hearings ending Trump
said he had picked the right man for the
job
describing his testimony as powerful
honest and riveting
even if the Senate Judiciary Committee
votes on Brett Cavanaugh's nomination on
Friday it won't immediately affect the
Supreme Court it will start its new
session on Monday with eight justices
and a vacancy and Christine Blasi Ford
will learn whether her revelation will
have any impact on the confirmation
process
Rosalind Horton al Jazeera Capitol Hill
