India's pride and ambition shown through
the fog on the 69th Republic Day
showcasing military might for domestic
audience a fly passed by the Indian Air
Force including an eye in the sky
surveillance plane the aerial display
followed a procession of tanks missiles
military hardware rolling down the
Russia promenade in India's capital all
seemingly designed to reinforce the
message of India stature as a growing
power tributes were also paid to India's
founding father Mahatma Gandhi Prime
Minister Narendra Modi hosted a long
guest list I think it's a very
strategically important guest list India
has an act East policy where it's trying
to focus building ties with Southeast
Asian countries this was the first
Republic parade attended by ten leaders
from the Association of Southeast Asian
Nations on the 25th anniversary of India
join in the ASEAN regional group the
Indian government is promoting its act
East policy aimed at strengthening
economic and political ties with its
neighbors as China continues to will
huge influence today we have China's
footprint in the entire South Asian
region which traditionally used to be
India's domain as it were India's
backyard and I think India's conscious
but at the same time the contradictory
characteristic is that China is India's
largest trading partner and the parade
highlighted the diverse skills of the 1
billion 300 million Indians to celebrate
the achievements of around 17 percent of
the world's population 69 years since
forming their republic from colonial
Britain kara hawkster al-jazeera
