the Democratic Republic of Congo faces
political uncertainty over a postponed
election accusations of human rights
abuses by government forces security
crises and protests by the Catholic
Church and opposition parties president
Joseph Kabila is looking increasingly
isolated at home and abroad and his
chosen now conference in six years on
Sunday police clashed with protesters
calling for electro justice the
demonstration had been organized by the
Catholic Church six people killed eight
other people died in similar protests on
New Year's Eve kabila says church
leaders have overstepped their role the
Catholic Church rejected election
results in 2011 no way in the Bible is
it written that Jesus presided over an
electoral commission it's very dangerous
when people try to mix religion and
politics in the capital Kinshasa people
say they've been waiting for a long time
to hear the president speak the
president has said that he respects the
Constitution he'd show up by ensuring
the election happens yes we need
development as he said but without an
election things will just get worse a
presidential election was supposed to be
held in 2016 at the end of Kabila's
second and final Tom the Electoral
Commission says security and logistical
challenges have forced the delay
preparations have finally began for the
vote to take place but opposition
politicians still do not trust the
process the president is under a lot of
pressure to step down
he said he will but once there is a new
head of states to take his place the
electro commission insists that the
election which has been postponed twice
now is going to happen at the end of
this year many Congolese are hoping that
they will finally get to vote in
December but more importantly the poll
will be free fair and credible Catherine
soy al Jazeera Nairobi Kenya
