Istanbul isn't well known as a gathering
point for refugees yet there is all the
evidence you need that a significant
smuggling operation is based here in the
Central District of ax RI people from
all kinds of places Burkina Faso Eritrea
Sri Lanka Pakistan nobody wants to tell
you much about their plans but they do
spend a lot of time on their phones all
the refugees have tried the same thing
how the deal is done in the nearby
coffee houses smugglers charge up to
$2,000 and when day turns to night some
of those smugglers will tell you just
how big the trade is we do three trips a
week there are others working till
there's a trip every day in Istanbul
there are more than 50 smugglers we take
40 50 60 people a week it depends one
time we took 75 people in one trip these
two who are Kurdish and Syrian former
refugees used to smuggle people across
the Aegean Sea to the Greek islands but
not anymore this is much better
of course the waves are too big in the
sea we have worked there and it's too
dangerous
it was difficult today the land route is
easier the river border is a hundred and
fifty kilometers long
this vast nothingness might feel safer
to the traffickers than the sea but it's
still hugely dangerous on the Greek side
there are forested mountains the
refugees called the jungle there are
wild boar and wolves up there being
eaten is a genuine concern
the smugglers drive the refugees to tiny
depopulated villages where they hide out
in abandoned buildings in this pamphlet
the farmer said the army had captured
refugees each of the last two days this
man tried it and failed his face hidden
as he was still in fear of the smugglers
mafia though it's like nothing exists
you're in total darkness you might be
attacked by wild animals in the forest
anything you can imagine could happen to
you it makes you paranoid we weren't
allowed to put any lights on who were
following the smuggler we got to the
river and they pushed us into a dinghy
even in daytime the wide River Valley is
treacherous in the winter water is
everywhere it wasn't difficult to find
signs of life discarded belongings and
supplies at nighttime navigating a path
through all this even before getting to
the much wider River would be terrifying
we had already seen images from the
Greek side of those whose attempt to
cross had cost them their lives either
from drowning or hypothermia and
everywhere we drove up and down the
river especially at the places where
Greece feels close enough to touch the
Turkish security forces were there but
virtually nobody else
well that Hill is Greece the Turkish
military say but last year they caught a
full fifty thousand people trying to
cross the border in places like this
that's a thousand people a week and it's
exactly the same as what the people
traffic has told us given that this
looks like one of the most important
border crossings for refugees from the
Middle East trying to get into the
European Union and yet because it's so
bleak and so remote it seems to have
passed everybody by the Turkish security
forces didn't reply to our request to
film with them but the state agency
released these dramatic pictures of
their soldiers at work defeating the
darkness and capturing a group trying to
escape the European Union - likes to see
this sort of thing it is after all the
new frontline in Europe's battle against
the refugees Lawrence Lee al Jazeera on
the turkey greece border
