playing for time in Calais is industrial
zone a place where asylum seekers have
flocked to in the hope they may escape
the limbo they face day-in day-out while
they're here they are trapped many of
them have been here for months
sleeping rough wherever they can in the
road maybe so this is the place the
location where one of the food
distribution points was supposed to
occur on Thursday afternoon as you can
see authorities are there and they've
stopped it from happening and that's
incurred a lot of anger from those
who've gathered here to be able to get
some food for months the riot police
have been a regular presence here as are
the standoffs with migrants desperate to
escape some hope perhaps has been
provided by the joint treaty signed by
the French president and the British
Prime Minister last week a particular
important point of the Sun Horse treaty
will be the subject of unaccompanied
minors this treaty will allow us for all
those in a position to cross the channel
to drastically reduce the time limits
from 6 months to 30 days for adults from
6 months to 25 days for unaccompanied
minors the treaty is intended to improve
the management of the border on both
sides of the English Channel but there
is little evidence as to how it will be
done and whether it would expedite
urgent asylum cases to reunite them with
relatives living in the UK for those
working on the front line of this crisis
the expectations have led to rumours
that asylum seekers only need come to
Calais to get to the UK and that's led
to larger numbers of people turning up
here I do feel people of have false hope
because of this misunderstanding and
because there's been no effort to
explain any of the changes
has been no effort beforehand to explain
to people what Asylum entails in France
despite the challenges the young the
desperate tried to find any way they can
to reach Britain no matter how dangerous
the police attempt to stop them climbing
onto lorries bound for England but they
still take the chance any risk they feel
is worth it to leave behind a life in
France that hangs in the balance
sonnig I a go al Jazeera Calais
