rajesh Muji's families run this
manufacturing business in Mombasa for
decades he wants to expand sales of his
wooden doors and other products beyond
Kenya's borders while Mooji can import
the raw materials he needs red tape and
lengthy cross border processes make
exports difficult we find it more
comfortable buying through the edges
because the amount of paperwork required
and the taxation changing every now and
then was right now as we are talking
already we are told there is a big
change in the taxation policy between I
think one of the borders so now there
are the suppliers are saying the price
might go up this year the regional
economic bloc camisa the common market
for Eastern southern Africa plans to
roll out a digital free-trade area which
would benefit traffic herbs like Mombasa
it's East Africa's largest port and
serves as the main gateway for trade for
Kenya and its neighbors the East Africa
community has already adopted an
integrated regional system if for
example cargo is cleared here in Mombasa
on the kenyan coast it can be tracked in
neighbouring Uganda now the camisa free
trade zone would ideally bring together
more African countries beyond this
region to enjoy seamless import and
export new technology would be used to
connect the chain of people governments
and agencies involved in the import and
export of goods the move away from
manual paperwork would be a first for
Africa allowing more goods to move
through the region faster the East and
Southern African zone has still to be
finalised while a larger continental
free-trade area covering all of Africa
is also looking for political backing
this year it covers a single market of
1.2 billion people and a combined GDP of
more than 3 trillion dollars it's
thought the agreement could increase
trade by at least 50%
but the reality is there are challenges
across African borders not connected as
a continent whether by rail by Road
the road infrastructure is poor so that
poses a challenge because it will
continue to impact on the cost and time
it takes to do business within the
continent other barriers that I I
foresee is the fear of loss of revenue
for the governments because when we free
up an original you the government will
effectively been denying itself customs
and duties and taxes that they receive
from exports and from inputs
there's also concerned that while the
political will may be there duplicate
regional and continental efforts will
take a long time to implement adding to
worries that the continents private
sector may not have a strong enough
voice to drive Africa's dreams famila
mela al jazeera member support Kenya
