stranded restaurants and submerged
bridges as the River Seine in Paris
continues to rise its pedestrianised
banks have disappeared usually bustling
with walkers and cyclists there now a
no-go zone and the city is on flood
alert non-player fear get within indeed
we have overcome for summer heat waves
and - floods going over six meters one
in spring and the other in winter it is
clearly a question of Paris adapting to
climate change making the City Council
has put in place special measures river
traffic has been stopped only emergency
boats are allowed and temporary flood
barriers are being installed
Paris's world-famous museums are also
playing safe the Louvre has closed a
wing and is moving some artworks to
higher ground for some people here the
swollen river has become something of a
tourist attraction for more than 150
years frisians have used this statue as
a gauge now normally the water level is
around two meters and the feet of the
statue are visible but as the water
rises the whole body disappears now city
officials here in Paris say that they
expect the water level to be above 6
meters in the next few days visitors
every year every other year and we've
never seen the river like this and we
live right down there
we heard about the statue
I work in offices nearby and we've taken
precautions in cases of flood and power
cuts over the past century the sin has
risen in Paris several times but it's
not overflowed since 1910 when flooding
turned the city into a French Venice
flood prevention has improved since then
but experts say it's not enough a major
flood in Paris could hit the whole
country it could go between three to
thirty billion euros in terms of the
direct damages but also this could have
consequences at the macroeconomic level
because the Paris in the fourth region
represents one-third of the national GDP
so it couldn't have impact on growth on
the job market and on public finance to
the rising water is the result of weeks
of heavy rain in France forecasters say
drier weather is on the way people here
hope it will be just in time to prevent
Paris's historic center from becoming
swamped Natasha Butler al Jazeera Paris
