airports Stock Exchange's industrial
complexes andreas gursky has earned a
reputation as an artist documenting
global capitalism from Chicago's Board
of Trade to basket Weaver's in Vietnam
the scale beauty and complexity of his
epic photographs have reinvented the art
form here on the walls of the Hayward
Gallery Gus Keys photographs like almost
like abstract paintings especially this
one of Germany's River Rhine which sold
for record 4.3 million dollars when I
first saw this picture 20 years ago I
thought of finding this gray patch of
river that I wouldn't be able to because
gursky removed the buildings and the dog
walkers to create it it's an image of a
place that doesn't exist but that
doesn't make it any less beautiful his
pictures are masterpieces of
manipulation multiple shots taken from
different angles are digitally spliced
together some details are raised others
repeated everything focused sharply your
shots taken on that iPhone in person the
German photographer is evasive about his
methods
too much about all the images are amazed
they use a bit the secret mystery and
maybe I should stop to talk too much
about all the works
despite his everyday subjects Gursky
says he's not reporting on reality but
looking at what is behind it like this
ceiling of the French Communist Party
headquarters designed by utopian
Brazilian architect Oscar Niemeyer half
the lights are off perhaps a comment on
what's happened to utopian dreams this
is Gus keys first London retrospective
and to bring it to life he collaborated
closely with the hayward gallery's
director i think he's doing something
it's very different from what other
people are doing and that is new and
history but I think more important to me
is the fact that whether you know a lot
about contemporary art or you know
nothing these images give you a very
powerful encounter you can linger long
over a girl ski studying the details
because he wants you to read each
picture line by line because the devil
is in the detail charlie Angela
al-jazeera London
