it's been a long haul for everyone in
the cell phone business here but now the
big switch on has happened intense
competition between two Palestinian
companies Joelle and wot Ania to give
their customers a 3G service old
technology maybe but it's a first here
it's a good step for the Palestinian
economy finally our customers have a
choice to get data services to get
connectivity they've rolled out the
promotions the marketing campaigns and
TV adverts until now the internet in
Palestine had only been available from
Wi-Fi hotspots or at home - everyone's
frustration they're 10 years behind the
rest of the world
whatever the commercial razzmatazz
there's a cold reality about most things
that go on in the occupied West Bank
that's because Israel has a handle on
whatever comes in and whatever goes out
even the technology inside the
Palestinian smartphone the green spots
mark thousands of cell phone masts but
the bare patches show Area C a sprawl of
land in the occupied West Bank where
Israel imposes tougher restrictions the
companies do their best to improve the
cell phone range but they're also up
against Israeli signals available in
some places and these services are 30%
cheaper nevertheless some people believe
they'll be loyalty to the Palestinian
companies until this moment they choose
sometimes to choose are some products
over the Israeli products even that the
Israeli products are maybe better in
quality because they still try to make
that conscious decision of not
supporting the Israeli occupation but
what do cellphone users think the world
stopped using 3G and we have just
started I just hope we can catch up to
the technology I think it was only
through international pressure that give
us 3G it was outside political pressure
some of it from the United States that
got cell phone companies this far and
they just want to be on a level playing
field sooner rather than later
so slow progress maybe but Palestinians
aren't giving up with their demands for
human rights and airtime rights Andrew
Symonds al Jazeera Ramallah in the
occupied West Bank
