over a thousand Venezuelan are sleeping
on the streets of this border town in
tents in hammocks or lying on sheets of
cardboard in Plaza and sport fields
escaping hunger back home I would never
have imagined living in these conditions
the hardest is not having a bathroom or
water there are children and pregnant
women here during the day they look for
any job they can find until recently
most of the tens of thousands who
crossed through this footbridge into
Colombia would sell low-cost food items
fare such as oranges or bread in
exchange for hard currency and go back
at the end of the day many still do but
an increasing number is deciding to stay
yok C used to be a policewoman in
Venezuela but her salary wasn't enough
to feed their children now she's selling
what she can to buy a 12 US dollar bus
ticket to Colombia's coffee fields
I love hoping to find a job and send
money back home but nothing so far it
every other day to save enough and leave
to where I am told I can work all
Toyotas have started registering the new
arrivals promising shelters with basic
facilities but on this night migration
police arrived
striking a different tone your border
mobility card does not allow you to live
here you have 7 days to leave if we
catch you again you face fines and
deportation two of them lacking
documentation were indeed taken away we
feel cheated
they said they were here to offer better
conditions instead they took our
documents and told us we must leave but
we can't go back some local politicians
say most people in cucuta are against
providing shelters it's sending the
wrong message that they can come here
and receive shelter and food cúcuta
already has many problems and high
unemployment we need the international
community to intervene but there's
sympathy and compassion to be found with
locals delivering desperately needed
food
we need to be welcoming Colombians were
welcomed in Venezuela for many years
during our civil war now it is our turn
to help as much as we can with a
long-term solution to this crisis may
not be found in a sandwich in a soda but
it will help these Venezuelans get
through another night on the streets
ELISA murim pata al Jazeera cúcuta
