Rebeca Salama says many of her neighbors
have been killed or raped in recent
weeks armed groups keep attacking her
village in the Democratic Republic of
Congo
that's why she's walked here to
neighboring Uganda with her family
they're met by Ugandan soldiers near the
border again we sambuca hold on mom when
you go to pick your crops or go to the
forest for firewood if you're a man they
kill you and if you're a woman they'll
rape you that's why we came here
along with other new arrivals Rebecca
continues her journey in a UN truck UN
says more than 10,000 people have
arrived here in the last month fleeing a
spike in violence at home everyone we
spoke to says they don't know which
armed groups attacking them or why they
say the fighters carry guns wear
uniforms and speak languages from all
over Congo and neighboring Rwanda since
it's not safe at home this refugee
transit camps the better option tired
and covered with dust and new arrivals
first have to line up here and get their
feet sprayed with disinfectant and
everyone's made to come over here and
wash their hands as well after the
journey must be tiresome - made to go
through this but the camp managers say
it's necessary then everyone has to
queue up here for a medical check in
that tent at the end Rebecca's baby
twins Calvin and Kel they are identified
as severely malnourished she says she
hasn't been able to harvest her crops
for weeks and so hasn't produced enough
breast milk UN officials say these kinds
of problems are typical among those
arriving at the transit camp before they
can be assisted and taken to long-term
refugee settlements most of the refugees
arrive and are very tired because when
you talk to them that work for a long
distance we also have cases where women
arrived and claimed have been sexually
harassed or rape it's cold here
especially at night blankets will help
keep Rebecca's family warm until they
can build a new home her husband Ennis
or things they'll never go back
happening Gary we've heard that here is
peaceful we're still on the way though
we're optimistic that everything will be
better and not like Congo the new life
starts with spending the night on the
floor of this shelter they're safer here
but it'll be weeks before things get any
easier
