these sisters 15 and 17 years old say
Myanmar Army soldiers tied them to trees
and gang-raped them the eldest says her
sister lost consciousness as the second
man began to brutalize her surrounded
our house she says my sister and I were
in the bathroom
the soldiers burst in and dragged us
outside seven men raped me
she says passers-by found them
unconscious and still tied to the trees
it was difficult to walk she says but
they helped us it took us 15 days to
walk to the Bangladesh border rights
groups say that the Myanmar army used
gang rape as part of its ethnic
cleansing campaign that killed thousands
of people and destroyed their homes in
Rakhine State
they also say that Myanmar's case
highlights massive flaws in the
international criminal justice system
and there are questions being asked as
to whether the interests of powerful
countries like China could jeopardize
Myanmar ever fully being called to
account gathering evidence in Myanmar is
almost impossible at the moment the
Myanmar government has banned the UN's
top human rights investigator from
entering the country
Miah Miah has made a very big mistake in
banning myself and also the fact-finding
mission and other investigative teams
too for going in because this is exactly
what the world needs to to see and hear
from is the first-hand reports from
persons like myself and others
rights groups say the UN Security
Council should refer Myanmar to the
International Criminal Court in The
Hague but the ICC only has jurisdiction
over crimes committed by states that
have signed its founding treaty the Rome
Statute and Myanmar is not a signatory
getting Myanmar an ICC referral on the
UN Security Council would likely fail
because of China's power of veto China's
interests in Myanmar are growing these
include oil pipelines across Rakhine and
the construction of a deep water port
the girls now live with the woman that
found them in the camp four months ago
they say they heard gunshots inside
their house as they were dragged away
they say their mother father and three
siblings were inside as the soldiers
locked the front door behind them and
set their home on fire Charl Stratford
al-jazeera could super-long refugee camp
Bangladesh
