these people are standing by Lula da
Silva they're convinced he will be
Brazil's next president despite a
court's ruling that makes it almost
impossible for him to run the resistance
will never die we lost the battle but
not the war
Lula for president 2018 on Wednesday an
appeals court upheld his conviction for
corruption and money laundering
it even increased the sentence to 12
years and one month one of the judges
said there is no doubt that the former
president was involved in a corruption
scheme I looked at these questions one
by one reaffirming specifically that the
issue of culpability is the largest
vector for the sentence and I considered
culpability to be extremely high in this
case it happened in the city of porto
alegre where extreme security measures
were taken to prevent clashes between
lula supporters and those who backed the
court's decision Paulo Brazil's economic
capital many celebrated Lula thinks he
shouldn't be investigated because he's
God all his companions are behind bars
and are incriminating him we want
justice Lula should be arrested he must
be convicted Lula is now 72 he was
Brazil's first working class president
and is credited with lifting millions
out of poverty the court's judgment
complicates his chances of making it to
this year's presidential race but Lula
remains defiant for me this court ruling
is an opportunity to travel through
Brazil and have a dialogue with the
Brazilian people now I can see that
everything that they're doing
to close the door to my candidacy this
provocation is so shameful but now I
want to be candidate for the presidency
of the Republic Brazilian law bans
candidates who have been convicted from
running for office there are two legal
moves Lola can make to avoid prison and
to fight to be allowed to run in
October's election but for many that
will now be tougher than his supporters
would like to admit al-jazeera Porto
Alegre
