emmet whot survived but she watched her
father-in-law and sister-in-law freeze
to death
Syrian refugees were caught in a fierce
snowstorm as people smugglers trekked
them across mountains to reach Lebanon
17 people died including children in
Mohammed said they asked the smugglers
for help but instead they abandoned them
we asked the smuggler to help us go back
he wanted money
he kept threatening us with guns we had
no choice but to comply my father-in-law
was old and needed to go back and my
children needed me I had to go back the
smuggling route is an eight-hour journey
through difficult terrain and on that
particular day weather conditions were
very bad the rescue and search effort
lasted for days
Ahmed is from the city of Rica she went
back to Syria because she couldn't
afford to treat her sick child in
Lebanon's Bekaa Valley her one month old
girl died in Syria and Ahmad had to
return to her family in Lebanon Syrians
like her can't use government-run border
crossings if they don't want to lose
their refugee status with the United
Nations it's not just that I asked the
Nepalese authorities to open the border
and not charge so much money to those
who want to cross legally they demand we
get sponsors from net costs hundreds of
dollars we are ready to pay the hundred
dollars we have smugglers to the
government instead Lebanon just like
Syria's other neighbors Jordan and
Turkey no longer accepts refugees at the
start of the Syrian conflict more than 1
million Syrian refugees entered Lebanon
soon after the Lebanese government said
it wasn't able to cope with the vast
numbers in 2015 it imposed new
restrictions ending its open-door policy
for refugees some Lebanese politicians
have been calling for refugees to return
at least to areas where the war has
ended and calm has returned but the UN
and the International Committee of the
Red Cross don't consider Syria safe yet
for many refugees safety is not their
only concern
the middle on estudia if we go back to
Syria we can't survive our homes are
destroyed and so are our livelihoods
there are no jobs so how do we live at
least here we got some help from the UN
Abu Mohammed's father decimal Hannah
died in the snowstorm and his nieces
Mariam and Hannah lost their mother I
shall Moussa the girls need to go back
to Syria to be raised by their
grandmother but because they entered
Lebanon illegally the only way back is
through the mountains Seneca Deir al
Jazeera Makar Valley Lebanon
