when the Sun sets in Hong Kong the city
skyline comes alive billboards and neon
lights illuminate the crowded streets
the glow from the densely packed
skyscrapers is one of the city's main
attractions we love it there one second
evening and so nice but this
appreciation is not shared by everyone
in Hong Kong last year the government
reported a record number of complaints
the curtains may be drawn but residents
argue the glare outside is hard to
escape we receive some complaints about
the light pollution they get insomnia or
they have disturbance from the black
outside building - in their home
scientists at the University of Hong
Kong spent 18 months studying levels of
light pollution collecting more than 5
million measurements they found Hong
Kong one of the world's worst offenders
the lights pollution condition in Hong
Kong was extremely severe in particular
in their urban regions you know the the
lights night sky brightness which is
what we measured is on average a few
hundred times over the level of that of
a night sky without light pollution in
cities such as Seoul London Shanghai and
Paris
billboard lighting and signage is
regulated and there are penalties for
violators of the law but in Hong Kong
there are no laws a voluntary charter
encourages visitors to switch off
between 11:00 p.m. and 7:00 a.m. the
critics say it's not enough to make a
difference
the government says 4800 properties have
signed up to the Charter so far and it's
satisfied that it's working we are doing
our utmost to address this pop a
concerned we are we are touching
importance to the issues and the
voluntary at a charter of external I
think is taking he's defective but not
everyone is convinced and some residents
are taking upon themselves to act
Zoe Chow led a campaign to have a
commercial building switch off after
midnight she won but she expects the
lights to eventually turn
back on I know that the building have
has side the Charter of external
lighting but the Charter of external
lighting is not is it is voluntary it is
not a mandatory for now it seems Hong
Kong's bright lights will continue to
shine Sarah Clark al Jazeera Hong Kong
