so you just days after he announced his
candidacy in his country's upcoming
presidential elections Egypt's military
has arrested former Egyptian Armed
Forces chief of staff Samy Annan in a
televised statement the military said
Annan committed violations when he
announced his presidential bid without
obtaining permits from the Armed Forces
he's also accused of committing forgery
to be included in the voter database
there are two explanations for this one
is that he actually miscalculated the
level of support that he has within the
military institution and within the
security into so within the hard power
institutions the second one is he
actually did not miss calculate this and
he expected this step and this is not
the end of the story we will probably
see something a counter reaction on his
part or on the part of his loyalists so
it's still too early to tell a man
announced his intention to run hours
after current president Abdel Fattah has
c.c. declared his plan to seek a second
term
even before Sisi made his candidacy
official it wasn't just widely assumed
that Sisi would prevail in the March
elections it was also widely expected
that real opposition to Sisi was likely
to be thin on the ground potential
candidates have either already withdrawn
or seen their candidacy blocked some
have blamed an atmosphere of fear to
other presidential hopefuls were forced
to quit the race earlier this month one
of them mohamed anwar said that the
nephew of former leader Anwar Sadat said
last week he wanted to protect his
campaign workers from intimidation or
arrest another former prime minister and
Air Force general Ahmed Shafiq had also
announced his interest in running but he
was placed under house arrest before
being deported from the United Arab
Emirates where he'd been living in exile
according to his lawyers Shafiq was
detained as soon as he landed in Cairo
and then there is Egyptian army Colonel
Ahmed ponsova
in December he was sentenced by a
military court to six years in prison
after he announced his plans to run for
president leaving many to wonder just
how serious a threat the military men
may have posed to CC a former military
chief of staff Semyon an is somebody
with he's a serious contender he
the former chief of staff the deputy
head of the Supreme Council of the Armed
Forces the ruling body after Mubarak and
he is much senior in terms of the
military command and NCC so he's
somebody who is very well connected with
the Americans very well connected
regionally so he's not someone who's
like a lightweight of any way during
CeCe's rule which has been marked by a
crackdown on freedom of expression human
rights groups have been placed under
severe restrictions and many critics in
the media have been silenced the
question now how many more presidential
candidates will be added to a seemingly
growing list of those being suppressed
Mohammed Jim Jim Al Jazeera
