it's been a tough start in life nine
month old Miriam has only known hunger
so far her parents too poor to pay for
food and humanitarian aid unable to
reach their area because of the conflict
now she suffers from severe and acute
malnutrition at just four kilograms
Miriam weighs less than half the average
for a child of her age ahem aha we
couldn't get to the clinic before
because we didn't have money for the
journey says her grandfather like many
others in the waiting room the family
fled nearby towns where people live
under both airstrikes by the saudi-led
coalition and artillery fire by the
Houthis to reach this clinic they had to
take mountain roads and evade the many
armed groups that roam around Yemen a
very trying experience for these
initiated little bodies since the start
of the war in 2015 half of the health
facilities of Yemen have shut down and
during that same time an estimated three
million children were born out of those
3 million 2 million of them have been
born out of hospitals and the majority
of them they have been born on so we
have the support of a skill that of
course increases the risk of the
affections for the children and and if
my nutrition would be one of the major
diseases now children with 1.8 million
children minorities in the country and
out of those almost 400,000 suffer from
severe acute malnutrition an estimated
25,000 children a year are dying at
birth or shortly after many of those who
survive are barely hanging on to life
there for alomar yet but then Maya
no matter what we do once they leave
they will get sick again because they're
not taking enough vitamins any bacteria
any disease will get to them there's no
income no way for the parent to feed
their children let alone getting
medicine Yemen relies on its ports for
food fuel and medical supplies under
international pressure the saudi-led
coalition ease the blockade last month
allowing Goods to enter the ports for 30
days now the UN and humanitarian
organized
Asians are calling for access around the
country and foot ports to remain open
the problem is that if we continue to be
in a situation of conflict in a
situation of poverty in a situation
where the food cannot enter the country
or the fewer cannot enter the country
then we are going to be seen in other
outbreaks this year or maybe a
repetition of day of the last year
corner outbreak the conflict in Yemen is
fragmented and polarized hopes of a
political solution remain elusive but if
and when this happens the true Maya many
children are going through will stay
with them well beyond the end of
hostilities with Abdel Hamid al Jazeera
