from Syria's Civil War comes a
documentary about a man of peace little
Gandhi is the story of activist
chiasmata who wanted to free Syria from
the Assad dictatorship but renounced
violence and confronted heavily armed
police and troops with symbols of
Brotherhood K yes Matar as iconic as he
was and still and what he meant to the
Syrian people in his peaceful initiative
of facing down you know violence and gun
fired with roses and bottles of water is
something incredibly powerful bringing a
film crew into the besieged city of
Daraa would have been suicidal but
Syrian American filmmaker sam kadhi was
determined we ended up recruiting over
over the Internet and over social media
and talking to people that we know to
find somebody inside the city of Daraa
who has you know a legit camera that we
can work with so we used our hotel in
Turkey as like a base camp and we gave
that activist a crash course about how
to shoot a film and how to like set and
you know and the framing Carly directed
the film over Skype and I was calling
the shot basically you know on cotton
move and and you know I'm talking to
these people and directing camerawork
and it sounds easy right now but it's
definitely was it was very very
difficult you know a process but it
won't seem to activists being
interviewed sit calmly as a sniper opens
up close by
they were seen in the film aw don't
worry that sniper is only 200 meters
away from us I think we are safe and I
was like what the story of little Gandhi
has no happy ending
he as Matar was arrested and tortured to
death the nonviolent approach to change
died with him the international
community failed to act and Syria
descended into horror they tried really
to follow the steps of Martin Luther
King and Mahatma Gandhi and that was
incredibly you know inspiring to hear
him talk about this in the suburb of
Damascus in a set onset that looks like
world war ii said little Gandhi may or
may not get an Oscar but the story it
tells and the determination of the
people who wanted to tell it is an
achievement that needs no further reward
rob reynolds al jazeera los angeles
