from the same football pitch that
propelled him to global fame George
where took the oath as president of
Liberia the national flag was lowered as
former President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf
Midway for the new presidency in his
inaugural address we acknowledged the
enormity of the responsibility of his
new office asking librarians to hold him
to account
you also asked his countrymen and women
to do their part the mood is electric
but already some of his strong support
base mainly the unskilled and unemployed
are beginning to sound impatient and
want to see immediate results great job
for the youth the jobless youth and to
to create a professional institution to
add more value to the youth we are we
have a lot of uneducated people in this
country don't we may not be as political
experience as his predecessors but he's
got a lot of good work what he does with
us in the next six years may and may not
set him apart from previous leaders but
many say the next six months will
determine which direction he will take
Liberia and it settles analysts say that
is a period when he needs to be decisive
because mr. weir himself has been
branded as inexperienced he needs to put
his best foot forward he needs a strong
Minister of Finance that can send a
message to the local and international
economic players that Liberia's capable
of doing business the ceremony to usher
in the George Weah era was long and
colorful many will be watching closely
now to see if he can replicate the
success he achieved on the soccer
pitches of Europe as leader and
president of his country Hamid Nutrisse
al Jazeera Monrovia
