the rising economies of Asia new
leadership in Africa nationalism versus
internationalist values Donald J Trump
versus much of the world this year's
World Economic Forum annual meeting in
the Swiss ski resort of Davos offers has
wider perspective on the global economy
as any in recent years some things don't
change
the falling snow the delicates shuffling
through it CEOs NGOs influences and
disruptors including 70 heads of state
and government the security bristles
snipers soldiers and checkpoints at a
time of heightened threat special
attention this year is reserved for
Donald Trump who's closing address on
Friday is the meetings most anticipated
moment protests have already taken place
nearby Trump is the first u.s. president
to visit Davos in 18 years and one who
stands apparently opposed to the Davos
ethos of globalism with his America
first policy of economic nationalism I
said we should be surprised and Davos is
always a place where we look for
surprises and I hope it will be a
positive surprise so you're expecting to
hit him to be rather more consider it's
can consider to worry rather than his
feisty self a six effects that he is
coming to Davos is already a message in
itself
Trump's inauguration that so dominated
as the snow fell on Davos last year
feels like a long time ago now an
upswing in the global economy has lifted
the mood of many but they'll be asking
themselves here is it sustainable NGOs
will again warn that global growth can
only go up if inequality comes down the
world's eighth richest people they say
hold the same amount of wealth as the
poorest four billion this year's meeting
will urge CEOs to improve their
company's contribution to society that's
the sort of focus Davos isn't
best known for Jonah hull al Jazeera
Davos
