kicking the can down the road the phrase
used to describe the now-familiar
practice of the US Congress delaying a
problem-solution for another day the
motion is adopted without objection a
motion to reconsider is laid on the
table
on Monday the House and Senate voted to
reopen the federal government until
February 8th that buys lawmakers three
weeks to agree on a more permanent
budget plan this is not a moment to pat
ourselves on the back not even close we
very much need to heed the lessons of
what just happened here we need to move
forward in good faith but faith between
the two parties is lacking particularly
on immigration that issue was the source
of the shutdown stalemate as Democrats
demanded protections for so-called
dreamers young undocumented immigrants
brought to the country as children and
Republicans refused Monday's compromise
as a concession from Democrats to reopen
the government under intense public
pressure while accepting a promise from
Republicans to address immigration later
we have not yet protected our courageous
young dreamers not only should we
protect them we should embrace them
value them we should be grateful for the
inspiration they are to America all our
important work for the American people
had to be put on hold while this
manufactured crisis was dealt with we
made no substantive progress not one
inch on the serious bipartisan
negotiations that will take to solve
issues such as immigration and border
security health care defense spending
and many other matters come Tuesday
federal offices will reopen hundreds of
thousands of government employees will
return to their jobs and a sense of
normalcy will return to Washington after
three days of chaos but the difficult
job of negotiating a more permanent
solution to immigration into the budget
will just be beginning leaving the
country wondering whether another
stalemate is just around the corner hi
Joe Castro al Jazeera Washington
