they float in the winter sunshine
shimmering Islands silently generating
enough power for a small city on the
shore new sections of solar panels are
bolted together and then floated out to
join the others the lake they occupy was
formed by the collapse of a disused coal
mine underground that would otherwise go
to waste we designed these sections like
this especially for this area
they were don't you no matter how much
have the land flood the water helps cool
the panels and keeps them free of dust
to make them more efficient and high
like other provinces is experiencing an
unusually severe winter if it's the
result of climate change it's a reminder
that a country which is built its
prosperity on coal must look to
renewable energy for its future with its
demand for energy China is still burning
about half the world's coal but that is
fast changing the government has
promised to spend three hundred and
sixty billion dollars on clean energy by
2020 and the difference is clear to see
quite literally Beijing and other cities
in northern China have been enjoying
blue skies this winter largely because
of a restriction on coal burning it's a
controversial policy that's left many
people shivering without enough
alternative energy sources but it's
given a glimpse of a smog free future
without coal backing and hoy the coal
mine and power station can be seen
beyond the solar panels jute when Yin
used to work there but says the solar
farm pays him twice as much and he's
happy to work above-ground also works in
the industry it's got a job putting
panels on people's rooms part of a new
workforce that will eventually number in
the millions
finding a cleaner life in green energy
Rob McBride al-jazeera and hai Province
China
