after morning mass at the main Catholic
Church in Kinshasa worshipers began the
latest protest march carrying twigs
their rosaries and bibles
they are angry that a charge broke a
political deal between the ruling and
opposition parties that could have seen
a presidential election held last
December has not been honored they did
not go far police had blocked the road
refusing to allow them to move forward
and when the marchers stood their ground
this happened police and presidential
guards against stone throwing protesters
several people were killed others
injured some with gunshot wounds we have
the right to much we were following the
instructions of our Catholic leaders it
was a piece of protest but the police
would not let us in the east of the
country police Loubs
tear gas inside this church the service
had just ended and the faithful were
about to start their protest several
people here were also injured they don't
respect people's rights Kabila must go
he's even throwing tear gas into the
church we will not accept Kabila he must
go his mandate is over on New Year's Eve
there was similar violent confrontations
during demonstrations remember that
killed six people in December logically
people should have been afraid but it's
the contrary that is happening now so
this pressure is going to increase the
government says the protests are illegal
church leaders and opposition
politicians insist they will not give up
their demand for change this role in the
city has now been cleared by police but
it's still very very tense people here
are very frustrated about the political
situation and saying that they have lost
confidence in the politicians in the
political system and that's why they're
looking more to the Catholic Church to
provide guidance and leadership in this
difficult political
with a membership of close to half the
80 million Congolese population the
Catholic charge is hugely significant
and many people hope it may be the
catalyst that will finally see a free
fair and credible election without
President Joseph Kabila in the running
Catherine sorry al-jazeera Kinshasa
