it was a vote with profound implications
for the Social Democrats for Germany and
perhaps the EU by a clear but not
necessarily large majority Martin Schulz
now has the authority to enter formal
negotiations with anglo-american the
platform slogans proclaimed a new time
needs a new politics but on offer was
much of the same old government in a
wide-ranging speech Schulz spelt out why
another coalition with Merkel was the
best option glia believe me this hasn't
been easy for anyone but I never doubted
for a moment that we should follow the
plea of the president try and find a way
out of this difficult political
situation as a social democrat it is my
firm conviction that in this exceptional
situation we must at least try to find
the best possible outcome for the people
of Germany and but many in the hall and
in the wider party did not agree perhaps
the most vocal opposition came from the
party's youth movement absolutely sure
I'm sure our people negotiated well the
reason I and many of those in and
outside this room are not happy with the
results is not because they did bad work
but because after 12 years of Angela
Merkel and eight years of grand
coalition we no longer have the same
views on these important issues this
conference is opens up some very clear
divisions inside this party between the
party leadership and the rank-and-file
between those prepared to compromise and
those who aren't and between the younger
generation and the older one some
analysts believe the current leaders has
to bear responsibility for that future I
would say I would actually even call him
a yesterday's man as of today and yet as
of tomorrow Schultz will be the leader
who takes his divided party formally
into negotiations with the Christian
Democrats but the final deal which then
emerges must be passed by a ballot of
the entire party membership and if
Sunday's vote is anything to go by that
may not be easy
dominic kane al jazeera
