ah toys for the boys well not exactly
this is London's showcase and modeling
45 clubs and societies displaying more
than 2,000 exhibits but you struggled to
find the few in the crowd under the age
of 60 modeling may be on its way to
being a bygone art but look what it's
produced
it took Gustave Eiffel 27 months to
build his Tower in Paris using AI Falls
original drawings Colin Davis spent over
a year to create the precise dimensions
of this complex architectural
masterpiece the half-inch hole spacing
for the Meccano is exactly five foot six
inches which is about our Heights
perhaps more challenging in scope and
scale the five meter long replica of the
Royal Navy's HMS Ark Royal Dan 40
started her in 1992 and finished 25
years later he served on a similar
carrier in the Cold War and brought that
experience to provide the authentic
detail on the flight deck many of these
modeling clubs go back to the turn of
the century but with the digital age
their future can no longer be assured
kids these days have got tablets some
day mobile phones and seem to play
computer games all the time and the
concept of using your hands and thinking
seems have gone very sad most of the
exhibits reinforce a comfortable sense
of nostalgia among these ancient
modelers the SS Great Britain was
launched exactly 175 years ago and was
the longest passenger ship in the world
and naturally in this exhibition the
trace is the very origin of modeling
there's a matchstick model to show her
lines and then there's this quite
bizarre an old favorite with the kids
Peter Sharpe al-jazeera London
