at a time of rising nationalism
and rising oceans almost unchecked
capitalism and individual isolation the
films at Sundance reflect the era we
live in our new president is a film
about the election of Donald Trump as US
president told entirely through excerpts
from Russian television reports and
clips from Russian social media this
time share is a Mexican movie about
luxury resort workers and wealthy guests
both caught up in a corporate conspiracy
I guess I call it the horrific comedy
it's definitely speaks also about like
globalization and just like savage
capitalism it's you know a critique on
what we think you know we need to be
happy
filmmaker Sebastian Hoffman reflects on
how mexican media views Trump who called
immigrants from his country rapists and
criminals I think through humor I mean I
think you know we think of Donald Trump
as this you know crazy bit the biggest
clown in the world and everything is
that's happening everything it's like a
big circus the Trump administration's
rejection of climate change science is
in the background of unnoticed are about
the people of the Pacific island nation
of Kira vos facing destruction from
rising waters a climate change for me
has always been about people whose lives
are being affected by what is happening
former Kira boss president anote Tong I
understand the policy of America first
but what about the rest sometimes
wondered in my mind if I was to extend
the policy he said America first and the
rest be damned but the question isn't
the challenge that I continue to do pose
for the international communities is are
you going to allow this to happen to us
amid multiple crises looming disasters
and personal tragedies how can an
individual respond one answer is sadness
the theme of pity a film from Greece
about a man who is happy only when he is
on
independent films are casting a critical
eye on the world as we know it and
asking where we're going
Rob Reynolds al Jazeera Park City Utah
