the US government shuts down over a
failed budget deal of the day President
Trump celebrates his first year in
office workers are told to stay home
Democrats and Republicans trade insults
but who's really to blame and what does
it mean for Trump's administration this
is inside story
hello and welcome to the program I'm
Hoshi mahabhava Donald Trump's first
year anniversary as US president we
certainly go down in history it was the
day the government shut down Congress
failed to back a bill to fund federal
agencies hundreds of thousands of
government workers are affected some
will stay home because their offices
will be closed
others will work without pay Republicans
and Democrats blame each other for not
reaching a last-minute deal talks broke
down over issues related to immigrants
and border security we'll talk to our
guests shortly but first particle hane
reports from Washington DC this is not
the anniversary any leader wants to have
it was exactly one year ago when Donald
Trump made this promise and became
president we will face challenges we
will confront hardships but we will get
the job done he vowed government would
work again it's clear with this
it isn't Republicans who control the
Congress and the White House lost four
of their own members but picked up five
Democrats still not enough to pass the
bill that means many non-essential
government employees won't be coming to
work on Monday without a deal
although most essential federal services
will continue the employees just won't
get paid until it's over it came down to
this a program that was in place to
protect children brought into this
country without documentation President
Trump threw it out said Congress should
fix it he promised to help if we do this
properly doctor you're not so far away
from comprehensive immigration reform
and if you want to take it that further
step I'll take the heat I don't care I
don't care I'll take all the heat you
want to give them they brought him a
bipartisan deal and he refused to sign
it so Democrats refuse to help pass the
budget now the White House is saying
they still have the weekend to work out
a deal you'll be taken care of before
Monday actually that's why I said I
think there's a really good
for now it is a standoff a functioning
government held hostage while two
parties wait to see which side the
public will blame for the very
dysfunction that trump promised to end
exactly one year ago what we've just
witnessed on the floor was a cynical
decision by Senate Democrats to shove
aside millions of Americans for the sake
of irresponsible political games the
government shutdown was 100% avoidable
this will be called the Trump shutdown
because there is no one no one who
deserves the blame for the position we
find ourselves in more than president
Trump patty Colleen al Jazeera
Washington let's have a look at what a
government shutdown means as a Saturday
hundreds of thousands of government
employees will stay home on unpaid leave
others will work without pay national
parks and monuments may be closed visa
and passport processing could be delayed
but his central services related to
national security and domestic safety
will remain functional the failure of
the two sides to reach a deal on funding
is mainly due to immigration that
Democrats wanted the new bill to include
protection for undocumented immigrants
who enter the US as children in
September Trump entered a program agreed
by former President Barack Obama
granting them temporary legal status and
some Republicans are not convinced by
Trump's funding demands for new border
controls including his proposed Mexican
War so host fault is it Republicans and
Democrats are pointing the finger of
blame at each other the White House
issued this statement Senate Democrats
owned the Schumer shutdown tonight they
put politics above our national security
and military families fundable children
and our country's ability to serve all
Americans
we will not negotiate the studies of
unlawful immigrants while Democrats hold
our lawful citizens hostage over their
reckless demands this is the behavior of
obstructionist losers not legislators
the last shutdown was in 2013 and lasted
for 16 days Donald Trump blamed the then
President Barack Obama for the standoff
this is what he said in an interview to
Fox News the problems start from the top
and have to get solved from the top the
president is the leader and he's got to
get everybody in a room and his gut to
lead let's bring in our panel joining us
from Lubbock in Texas Oliver McGee who
has publicly supported president Trump
and previously worked as assistant
transportation secretary and President
Clinton from London in the g8 Parma
chairman of the Obama research Network
at City University of London and from
Lancaster Richard Johnson who lectures
in u.s. politics and international
relations at Lancaster University
welcome to you all let me start by
asking mr. McGee this how did we get to
this point a government shutdown well as
Secretary of Defense mattis said today
keep steady as you go stay on course and
stay alert this is really all about
trying to protect the guns to the money
the Defense Department's going to stay
pretty much so on track on national
security and also to protect law and
order what would like to call John
Locke's life liberty of property in the
Department of Justice
most of those employees are going to be
on permanent appropriations a permanent
compensation and not appropriations but
we got here because Chuck Huber wanted
to really push this negotiation towards
daca they're really looking to establish
a Bodhi base for
and to also pressure the president in
trying to bend just a little bit on daca
at this moment but the president faced a
real tough first negotiation because
when they really take out the wall
that's a batma best alternative to walk
it away and so when President Trump was
campaigning and he was campaigning for
every 48 hours to 10,000 people he was
just simply saying that you know we got
a build wall or else and so that's gonna
be a No Deal if that doesn't happen the
place that's really how we got okay
and so in Sao Paulo it's rare to have a
shutdown when the the the the president
his his his party controls both chambers
the Congress the house and the Senate is
it a deepening political divide over
sticking points the main reason why we
got to this point of a shutdown I think
yeah that's right it's quite rare and I
think therefore that pushes the
responsibility for the final decision to
shut down towards the dominant party and
the dominant party in this case is
playing a short game as well as a long
game in my view I think the short game
is really to to divorce the daca the
dreamers issue from what on the other
issue from the other issues and and I
you know I take up the point that mr.
McGee made which is that actually the
Democrats had gone a long way towards
meeting many of the demands that the
Trump administration had put forward on
the Mexican wolf for for example earlier
in the process accepting to pay up to 18
billion dollars towards the building of
the wall with an immediate down payment
of something like one and a half billion
and then an agreement on Morais agents
and even on military spending increases
so I think in the end this plays into
the longer game I think the Trump
administration has been playing and I
think that is much more to do with what
American identity and particularly its
kind of racial identity is really all
about and I think controlling
immigration increasing deport
Asians and the kind of comments that
President Trump made in in a previous
meeting where he said that people from
Africa and places like that are not
really welcome they want more people who
look like Norwegians and I think that is
the big game that they're playing and
the the dreamers issue therefore was a
big sticking point and I think they want
to make a big political point so the
people playing a political game are
really I think there's a Republican
Party but it also shows us that the
Democrats are willing to go a long long
long way to compromise and they're still
not getting anything mr. Johnson is Daka
with shields young immigrants from
deportation the main obstacle to a
bipartisan bill or do you think the
jacket itself has been sort of
manipulated from by both parties to
further their their political agenda
well I think this is the sticking point
in this negotiation and it's interesting
that the Democrats are are sort of
staking the future of the continued
government funding on daca polls have
showed that a majority of Americans
think it's more important to continue
government funding than the darker
program and so that the Democrats are
speaking to their electoral base who
care about darker of course those who
are affected by the darker program
themselves can't vote it's about affects
about 800,000 non-us citizens and so I
wonder if the Democrats are playing this
high-stakes gamble which is what it is
because they sense a degree of weakness
from President Trump perhaps president
Trump owes some of the blame here
because he sent mixed signals and so
perhaps Chuck Schumer's willing to stick
his neck out on darker because he
believes that President Trump might
might budge he might make a concession
on this so we'll see in the next few
days what happens but I think that
that's it is I think at the core of the
of the that's the issue okay speaking of
daca mr. McGee this is what the
Democrats are saying that basically that
we're willing forward to move ahead with
a bill and that everything was fine
until the establishment the Republican
establishment started sending
very mixed signals about Daka would
never need to wait until March the fifth
while the Democrats were saying give us
a deal on the dacha we'll give you a
deal on the immigration I think the
Republicans are very right that they
want to have a little bit more time to
talk about this I totally agree with the
Republican Party that they want to push
this out to March 5th DAC is a very very
difficult issue to determine and to
resolve for America and more importantly
the Republicans like the Democrats are
looking at the polls and as my
colleagues said the American people are
not strong to be backing just a push
ahead an immediate head-on daca without
having a thoughtful conversation with
the American people about immigration
reform serious image immigration reform
and this is also going to set the stage
on how we look at immigration reform
across international borders
particularly as we're trying to keep up
with this fast international markets
basically as I said before many times
even Theresa May is having this type of
debate in trying to establish brexit
because international borders and
international security is very much so
tied to prosperity across the nation
states and right now the nation-states
are basically interested in
international trade good free trade that
will create jobs and also keeping up
with this economy Donald Trump is
overseeing a 31% increase in the Dow in
its first year and that's the largest
increase in the Dow since FDR in 1933 so
what what we saw back then we had to
make some transformative changes in what
America was and so now America is making
another transformational change in
America first in America first as he
said in his inaugural address last year
was really about securing our borders
but also securing our markets and at the
same time communicating exclusively with
the American people to get them what
they need him want and while we're
trying to also advance and get public
understanding of science and technology
so they could be able to gauge the
markets as well and also to
be able to engage okay this brings me to
another follow-up question on the daca
thing mr Palmer the the Republicans are
saying that if the Democrats were
genuine about the need to have to avert
a shutdown
they could have waited until March the
the fifth how urgent is a darker fix
does it need to be solved now or can it
wait until the March the fifth well it's
quite clear that what my colleague at
Lancaster said that there is a political
game being played by both sides and
attempt to exploit a certain
vulnerability obviously a government
shutdown is a very very significant
major political issue and and in terms
of the people who are going to be paid
or not and this issue could possibly
wait but when you see see an opportunity
of this type clearly political operators
are going to try to take it but I think
they are playing a political game and
it's not as if the Republicans aren't I
mean they threw in the child health
insurance program as a kind of extra
incentive in order really to derail this
as well so I think to some extent the
shutdown was something which both sides
were willing to risk in order to get
through the kind of things that they
want and overall I think they are very
much closer to an agreement overall than
they would appear to be and this is a
very dramatic kind of standard okay but
in the big picture the Democrats have
gone closer to the Republicans mm-hmm
mr. Johnson if this is a political game
what if it backfires 1996 2013 the
Republicans tried the same tactic it
really backfired is that any potential
for this to backfire on the Democrats
who would be ultimately seen by the
Americans are the real impediment to
this deal well I think the Democrats
could be playing with fire here five as
a report noted five Democratic senators
actually voted with the Republicans to
continue the government funding these
are senators who represent states that
President Trump won in 2016 and they are
up for election this year states like
Missouri West Virginia North Dakota
India
and so those senators are the polling
suggests that in those states those
senators will be getting the blame if
the government doesn't continue with the
funding and the daca issue is not one
that really resonates with voters in
those states those states tend to have
low immigrant low minority populations
by and large and so while this may play
well in in in states like California and
Texas for the Democrats it may help them
in some of the House election hoods it
could ultimately hurt them in holding
some seats in the Senate elections in
November mm-hmm mr. McGee I read your
article about two days ago where he said
basically that Trump is riding this wave
of unprecedented economic reforms an
unprecedented boom in the market and
that therefore he will continue to ride
that wave of popularity Chuck Schumer
who is the Senate Minority Leader said
yesterday that the shut down the the
shutdown is an example of how
dysfunctional and inefficient the Trump
administration it is he says one word
but the other leaders of the Senate and
the house say something different
isn't this something that the American
people will end up believing well Chuck
Schumer is actually talking like an
efficient leader he is really about the
counting the dimes and nickels and
quarters in the purse strings as he
should but Donald Trump is really
looking in the realm of American dignity
he is acting in a sense putting a
message out there dignity over
efficiency he's saying that American
populism is prosperity but also
international populism is also
international prosperity so as he builds
America and makes her strong he's going
to take that message out abroad and
that's going to be permeating across
because America's markets can't grow
without the international markets
they're in we're in partnership with
them but also American trade has to work
with international trade and the key
thing is is that Donald Trump as I said
in my article on Sky News that he
doesn't want America to get ripped off
anymore that's as simple as that and the
American people are really backing him
100%
when I'm looking at my Twitter and I
typically do polls and get a sense of
where the voters are on my Twitter
they're 100% loving this economy they're
loving the job growth of two million
jobs they're loving the fact that
there's eight trillion dollars of new
wealth in this economy we've never been
this wealthy and in since FDR and so
we're really really enjoying that but
make no bones about it he said every 48
hours in a campaign speech for for a
year he held a rally for every 48 hours
he said build that wall okay that is a
campaign promise that he is going to
keep and that is very popular amongst
his voters mr Palmer I mean let's look
into what's nest what are the options
available for all the parties now there
could be this stopgap measure that could
allow for a short-term deal that could
go for a month where the Democrats will
give the go-ahead for the 18 billion
dollars for the border security in
exchange for a leverage on the daka is
it something that could potentially
happen or do you believe this is going
to continue as a political conflict
between the two parties that's a really
difficult question
I suspect that both sides will at a
certain point want to reach a deal
because they're going to alienate even
more supporters more voters it's
impossible to predict exactly how long
this standoff will go on but the problem
is that what this centers the whole
debate on is in a way a kind of a
diversionary tactic which helps the the
Republicans a lot more and Donald Trump
a lot more it suggests that the whole
issue is about foreigners and immigrants
and as mr. McGee said people ripping
America off in one way or another and
it's kind of blaming the outsider the
foreigner the other and in fact if you
look at this sort of so-called wealth
produced in the last 12 months and even
for many years before that the ownership
of that wealth the distribution of that
wealth and that income is a heavily
unequal this new economy with the two
million jobs we will remains to be seen
house
and secure and well-paid they really are
and I think a large part of what
President Trump has been doing is
diverting attention onto the wall and
onto race and on sky and immigration and
and so on when actually he's been
transferring wealth income and power to
the groups of people that he most favors
that's the big corporation okay and I'm
afraid he's using this issue to promote
that agenda even more mister Johnson
let's imagine for a second you're a
chief Democrat strategist you you have
the midterm elections if you show the
world or the Americans were given some
concessions on the border security then
you would have a backlash from the
states where you have a huge percentage
of immigrants if you move forward with
your position then the states where you
are your own people are running for
re-election which were won by Donald
Trump might not vote for you so how to
strike a delicate balance in this
situation it's a very difficult needle
to thread I think that perhaps what if I
were to guess what Chuck Schumer is
doing is he is trying to send signals to
the Democratic base that he has tried
has had a good faith effort on daca
perhaps there will be a separate vote on
daca down the road which ultimately
won't go anywhere because the house
won't approve it and the president would
not approve it but at least there might
be a symbolic vote on it but I think at
the end of the day Schumer he can he can
string this out for it for a bit but I
don't think that he can do it forever
without damaging those Democratic Senate
candidates many of them who are in these
Trump dominated states I think Donald
Trump if I was advising Donald Trump he
needs to bring on those Republicans who
voted with the Democrats last night to
defund the government and that shows a
failure of leadership from the
Republican side there were four
Republicans five Republicans in fact two
voted no one Republican who didn't vote
Senator McCain because of his health so
he needs to get those people on side as
well as well as bringing over a few more
Democrats if you
to keep the the government funded mr.
McGee you seem to be most of the time
pinning all your hopes against a
character
president Trump yesterday he had to meet
on his own with Chuck Schumer leaving
many to question whether this is a
legitimate move because ultimately it's
not just one person it's about an
establishment it's about the Republican
establishment both at both chambers
isn't they someone who is undermining
even the chances for the Republican
establishment to thrive in the near
future
no he's just doing the mechanics of the
art of the deal the negotiation tactics
sometimes when you are negotiating with
the key principle it's sometimes good to
get in the room alone and kind of hash
out the real issues and find out what
the options are and really get to know
your opponent very very well because
ultimately when you're in negotiation
with someone as president Trump is with
humor they're gonna come out in
agreement and sometimes they're gonna
find some common ground but they're
gonna find some sticking points in there
and make no bones about it a government
shutdown this is a twelfths government
shutdown and we've had since 1981 in the
first year of Reagan this is really not
big big stuff we got a four trillion
dollar government and basically I cut
down as 1.5 billion dollars a day so all
we need to do is count the days and then
multiply about 1.5 billion dollars and
that's how much is it's costing to
taxpayers so in relation to the size of
the government it's pennies but this is
very it's very big dollars associated
with politics on the Democratic side in
a Republican side and either side can't
afford to give too much away from their
base now make no bones about it Chuck
has a very Chuck Schumer has a very very
strong emotional base that is really
looking after 2018 to come off of a very
very tough loss in 2016 and Donald Trump
thank you had some promises key he
hasn't promised to keep it one of them
is basically built by wall but also to
keep winning I mean it's a creep and
creep and that's what he really wants to
keep going it would be interesting to
see how this political saga would come
to an
and sir oliver mcgee Inderjit parma
richard johnson thank you very much
indeed and thank you too for watching
you can see the program again any time
by visiting our website aljazeera.com
for further discussion go to our
Facebook page
that's facebook.com forward slash AJ
inside story you can also join the
conversation on twitter our handle is at
aj inside story from me
Hashima but on the whole team here bye
for now
you
