hello I'm Sammy's a Dan this is counting
the cost on al-jazeera your weekly look
at the world of business and economics
this week Wall Street's happy but is the
US recovery all down to Trump phenomics
what does it mean for the rest of the
world also this week official figures
show the first acceleration in China's
growth since 2010 plus how companies hit
with huge negative brand publicity can
win back consumers trust now when Donald
Trump officially became the US president
a year ago he promised economic
protection will lead to great prosperity
and strength he also vowed to change
course and a number of international
policies and agreements and that
prompted warnings he might boost the US
economy in the short term but trigger a
global depression or there's been a slew
of positive economic data on the
domestic front since then the Dow Jones
Industrial Average has raced past the 26
thousand mark for the first time in
history well joining me now from London
is James nightly James is the chief
international economist with ING bank
good to have you with us so James how
much credit can Donald Trump take for
some of the economic gains we've seen on
the domestic front from unemployment to
the stock market to growth what's been
astir I think this year well in 2017 he
can't really claim all that much there
was a huge amount of domestic momentum
that really left you know retail sales
industrial production consumer demand in
general really really quite strong but
also another thing that he can't claim
is the the strength of the global upturn
what has really caught economists and
and strategists by surprise is the
strength in external demand the strength
of Europe their recovery in Asia this
has come far quicker and far more
aggressively than anyone had really been
expecting so that in itself has also
boosted the u.s. because of course
stronger export markets for US products
have really boosted overall economic
demand and of course also the dollar
softness that too has made the u.s. much
competitive well let me jump in here I'm
glad you mentioning that point about the
growth in exports I mean in his
inauguration speech Donald Trump spoke
of protecting US markets is he creating
greater economic prosperity through
protectionism then what applies has not
really done all that much on their
protectionist and friends yes okay he
rips up the trans-pacific partnership
which was this big trade deal that
President Obama had been putting
together along with lots of other
Pacific nations but of course Hillary
Clinton had promised to do the same so
in actual fact he didn't really alter
the outlook that much of course we are
concerned about NAFTA the North American
Free Trade Agreement with Canada and
Mexico there's more talks but to be
honest he's not he seems to be coming
around to the idea that actually trade
is good trade does create us jobs as
well American Economic American
companies do benefit from trade so his
aggressive stance has perhaps moderated
to some extent he still doesn't think as
though America is being treated as
fairly as other countries are by trade
and still wants to sort of tweak to make
changes around the edges but ripping up
and completely doing away with free
trade agreements he seems to be pulling
back from that so that as you mentioned
he has done that on the tea TPP's made
noises about NAFTA
what has his protectionism stances so
far meant for the rest of the world I
think there is somewhat nerve of
nervousness because of course the US is
the biggest global economy and having
access to that is important for many
many countries I mean for example Mexico
trade flows with America equates to
nearly 45 percent of Mexican GDP so if
there's any blockages to that that's
going to be hugely significant for the
likes of the Mexican economy so I think
what we're seeing is a greater
recognition that perhaps deals that were
negotiated 20-30 years ago perhaps do
need to be rewritten to a certain extent
and concessions do have to be made and
that environment makes it more likely
that we will get a deal done that won't
be too damaging for the global economy
let's talk also if we could about the
global capital flow he's spoken about
bringing money back home to the US
as the Trump administration's policies
so far impacted the global flow of FDI
and so far there's not that much
evidence that it's really been that
impactful I mean I guess the most direct
method he's been using so far has been
tweeting basically threatening or
rewarding companies that have or haven't
decided to invest in America
particularly an American based companies
of course so those sorts of threats and
rewards has influenced policy to some
extent but of course also we've got tax
reform that was agreed on in December
this is mean meant that US companies
which had perhaps got up to two and a
half trillion dollars of overseas
foreign earnings sat there they didn't
want to bring them back because they
would have had to pay 35% tax on them
well now they're getting special lower
tax rates of eight or fifteen percent
depending on the asset and that is
incentivizing some of the US corporates
to bring money home most notably Apple
which has said that it's going to be
investing and a lot more in the US and
paying a lot more tax in the US but also
the tax cuts in general have
incentivized more more companies to
consider putting money to work in
America as well if you get to keep more
of your profits then that's a good
source of a good reason to invest and of
course with the American economy growing
so strongly that it was also helping
those investment right so it's
incentivized some to bring the money
home looking forward do you expect more
companies to follow suit and how will
that tax reform impact the bank's the US
economy and the rest of the world as I
get you to try and look into your
crystal ball yeah I certainly think that
more US companies will consider bringing
money back of course also you've got to
look at the global stories well the
global growth environments very very
good as well so it's getting a balance
isn't it here you still want to have
access to those overseas markets and and
have the ability to invest in those
markets too so it depends very much on
the companies and how they see their own
individual situations but in terms of
other things you know the US economy was
already growing very very strongly its
group growing at 3% panyu lies in the
second quarter in the third quarter
we're going to have fourth quarter US
GDP numbers next Friday and that's
probably gonna be another three percent
growth rate we think we're going to get
more than three percent growth this year
so having tax cuts
in addition to that it's just more fuel
on the fire so it's a very positive us
growth story we think for the next year
or two but also I'm very encouraged
about the global growth prospects for so
long it's just been a u.s. growth story
in the global economy but now you've got
the European story really firing up
you've got Asia firing up you're
starting to get some positive news
coming out of Latin America as well so
what was just a global growth a u.s.
growth story is becoming much more
global and I think that's offers some
real positive news flow for employments
and economic prospects for the next year
year and a half or so
alright you mentioned Latin America
there so let's talk we have to talk
about immigration don't we
how is Donald Trump's stance on
immigration thus far impacted countries
like El Salvador Honduras each of which
rely on 8% of its GDP coming in from the
remittances of undocumented workers in
the US that's right there's obviously
Donald Trump has there's been a lot of
concern about some of the comments that
has been attributed to Donald Trump in
recent weeks about immigration and of
course also you've got these these
dreamers this eight hundred thousand
people which are the sons and daughters
of immigrants that came to the US
illegally or they're still being
threatened with deportation so that
factor is adding to concerns for these
these countries in particular as you
mentioned that do rely on remittances
it's a sexual degree so yeah it does
still suggest that there's tough news
ahead but if you can get global growth
if you can get jobs being created and
that spreads more evenly and gets spread
around the world and that can help
mitigate those those impacts to certain
extent and a final one of the fears of a
currency war with China now dissipated
James I think we're starting to see a
bit of softening the Chinese are letting
their currency appreciates to a certain
extent we're seeing some really strong
growth numbers coming out of China as
well so if you've got growth in the US
and jobs in the US and growth in China
jobs in China then it's less likely that
you're going to get the animosity and
the the the risk of it crashing into a
confrontation on trade I think you know
if people feel confident people feel
relaxed they're more likely to work
together to try and get a good long-term
solution it's so beneficial for both
sides let's leave it on a positive note
of working together meant James
Knightley there thanks so much China's
economy grew by 6.9 percent in 2017 its
fastest pace in two years economists are
surprised policymakers have pulled it
off that's because it's happened while
credit growth has been slowed down but
joining us via Skype from Shanghai is
Rubin bondage our Rubin is a professor
for Asian initiatives for the IESE
Business School good to have you with us
so we're talking about the first
acceleration in economic growth and
since 2010 does this mean the slowdown
is over or is this just a one-off do you
think the current picture looks like
that the macroeconomic policies are
working the 19 the 2017 has been a good
year which I would call a very
successful stabilization year currency
was stabilized and several other things
and that made a very good a very good
year for for China is many things either
went up slightly or have been stabilized
thanks to the effect of the policies
that have been done in the past two to
three years but can it continue Rubin if
the policies are are continuing I think
we will have another good year in 2018
with those I say that may be a slowing
down in the profit property market
controls on infrastructure spending on
local governments all of that might lead
to a good year but not a continuing
acceleration in economic growth we might
go back to the slowdown in economic
growth but that's being offset by good
policies in manufacturing which is
attracting the foreign foreign
investments foreign direct investor
in in 2017 and I think is in those same
areas that it will give a good year for
2018 especially if the reforms continue
for example several foreign chambers of
commerce have been asking China to open
up more sectors of the industries and if
China responds well that will be good
very good for 2018 three regions have
admitted to faking their data in 2016
requiring their GDB contributions now to
be revised down
are we getting an accurate picture of
GDP growth in 2017
well this has been a big project of
President Xi Jinping I must say I don't
think that only three regions are doing
the the kind of muddling the accounting
figures it's not just them
you know is growth picking up or is it
picking up even faster if in previous is
other regions were sort of under
reporting their economic woes no because
this has been discovered precisely the
inflation that's being done after some
regions are inflating it there's also in
the past as an academic what we would
usually do is that when the national
figures are up we would press them down
and when they are done we would press
them up we would do additional work but
in this particular year it seems that
despite those regions that have been
over reporting they there has been
adjustments being done from the top to
put them down precisely to create a
better picture then I must say that we
have to leave that to the experts
because it's very difficult in China
because officials always give figures
that you know they the paint to be real
figures now for us looking at these
figures we will review them and in 2017
we think that this seems to be to be the
real picture that we are
seeing okay if it's the real picture how
is China achieved both economic
acceleration and at the same time a
credit slowdown well we hope to begin
with the government efforts to correct
the picture if you will remember 2015
and 2016
China was sort of put in quotation marks
caught red-handed manipulating the
stocks stock markets and and also giving
kind of financial information financial
statistics that were very much doubted
so that has been corrected in 2017 again
the the effect of those policies have
not only stabilize things but it given
rise to also new products which offsets
what was the negative effect so you may
see it as a contradiction in terms but
when you look at the overall effort so
the effects of the economic policies
have actually overridden the negative
consequences of you know but but
activities bad reporting falsely
reporting and all of those things in the
end the big picture I think we are
seeing a 2017 which has a more clean
figure reporting and we expect that 2018
will be will be the same if the the
watchdog mentality of the government
continues to be done in the correct way
would you say them that China is now on
track to meeting one of its important
goals the reduction of debt I think that
is too much an assumption to say because
we are looking only 2017 so on with a
big hope for 2018 I think to make a
judgement that now they are on a clean
bill of health I think is it's too much
to say but I would say that the progress
is positive I will have to have you come
back then perhaps next year and we look
at things again for now thanks so much
Rubin my pleasure
still to come on the show counting the
costs of bad publicity
what should
businesses do when it all goes wrong now
one of the world's largest dairy
companies is facing millions of dollars
in damages over a baby milk scandal
police are now investigating after
French company like talus was accused of
trying to cover up the extent of
salmonella contamination at one of its
plants like Terris exports to dozens of
countries across Europe Africa and Asia
and the recall could affect around 12
million tins of the products
Natasha Butler reports from Paris after
weeks of silence over the contaminated
baby milk powder scandal the boss of
French company locked Alice has
responded to critics who say the
manufacturer covered up the extent of
the risk
Emmanuel beignet has told a French
newspaper our priority has always been
to handle the crisis and make sure that
no more children become sick we have
never minimized the risk of salmonella
we consider that there was no breach of
procedures on our side in December
lacked Alice began recalling some of its
baby milk products in France it had
discovered the Salmonella bacteria in
this Factory in the northwest but it's
only now that the extent of the
contamination has become clear locked
Alice has now withdrawn 12 million tins
of baby formula for more than 80
countries Salmonella can be deadly for
young children and dozens of families in
France say that their children became
sick after drinking luck Tallis baby
milk they have fought lawsuits against
the company saying that it tried to hide
the risks and failed to help Nicola
Perkin families were allowed to
shamelessly and that the fear was spread
by the telephone hotline number which
was provided at a time how can you
believe an operator who tells you that
your milk is not affected but then three
weeks later you learned that it is the
French president Emmanuel McCoy says
locked Alice could face penalties and on
Friday the finance minister said the
government would do everything possible
to end the crisis like jellies will take
back all baby milk products manufactured
at
regardless of the production date from
wherever it is being sold in particular
from supermarkets and chemists the aim
of this radical step is simple to avoid
delays problems in sorting batches and
the risk of human error locked Alice's
boss says his company has launched its
own investigation and will pay damages
to the Salmonella victims for parents
the focus will be on making sure their
children are not exposed to the
life-threatening bacteria well joining
us from London is David Hague David is
the founder and chief executive of
london-based Brand Finance David this
story how does a company bounce back
from a story about poisoning babies good
question
there's a long history of companies that
have actually produced products that
have been damaging to babies and
sometimes they handle them very well and
they recover very fast and sometimes
they don't so for example in 1974 Nestle
was producing baby milk that went all
over the developing world and it got
involved in a lot of very adverse
practices to sell product to mothers and
it denied and denied and it absolutely
damaged their reputation and ruined
their business in that market and here
we are 40 years later they still have
not recovered in the baby milk market
from that scandal
whereas Farley's rusks which was a
product in the UK had a Salmonella
scandal they instantly withdrew the
product from the shelves did a very good
information campaign and they bounced
back and they're back to square one in
China for example there's a product
called San Liu which was implicated in
the melamine adulteration scandal for
baby milk and they were damaged very
severely because there was quite a gap
and the secret of it is you identify the
problem you get the CEO involved and you
communicate firmly and decisively and
take action well it take us through a
little more details there about the
stages of crisis management what a
company should do first and what it
needs to do after that in terms of
follow-up to make sure it gets its
reputation back in order
well first of all you have to have a
plan I think one of the problems is that
many companies don't have a plan and
they also are not clear who the
spokesman is going to be and there are
many chief executives who were extremely
reluctant to get involved in these media
storms so the famous example in the last
few years where it turned into a
disaster was BP where Tony Hayward the
CEO was really not prepared for doing
media interviews and kept putting his
foot in his mouth getting everything
wrong and it just made the scandal worse
so good companies have a well briefed to
CEO who knows exactly what's going to
happen and they do role playing and
what-if situations in advance they have
a playbook they know exactly how to
bring everything into into sharp focus
and make sure everyone is singing from
the same hymn sheet right from day one
even how however good your plan is
though is damage control getting a lot
difficult now in the era of social media
well you could argue that in that things
reverberate around the world and go
around consumers very fast using social
media but I think you could take it the
other way around
you know if you actually manage social
media well it allows you to get your
message across much more quickly and
much more forcefully so it isn't
necessarily the case that wider faster
and deeper coverage is going to damage
you it really depends on the way you
deal with it all right so managing a
crisis yeah you could argue both ways
what about stopping a crisis from
breaking out in the first place is that
part getting a lot more difficult now
again in the era of social media where
you don't have an editor sitting there
to check facts and information before he
puts it on his front pages everyone can
just go tweet happy on anything they
think right now well I think one of the
one of the issues is what Donald Trump
goes on about which is fake news you
know I mean it isn't necessary fake news
it might just be wrong wrong information
and wrong information goes round and
round
so yes it's true that it there's more
chance that it can go wrong but I think
what it comes back to is the level of
preparation and the way in which
companies deal with it you know
companies have got to be open and to
begin with they've got to be doing
things which are acceptable in the UK at
the moment there's a
going on about Royal Bank of Scotland
that had a unit which allegedly
intentionally sent its customers
bankrupt in order to sell their assets
and that's going round and round because
apparently they behaved in a very bad
way companies that beiieve in a bad way
will get found out in the current era
now when you add celebrity power into
the mix of changing dynamics as well as
social media it makes quite a powerful
combination there is that impacting the
job of PR practitioners - well certainly
I mean celebrity power has always been
extremely strong brands try and get
celebrities to endorse their products
and the reverse of that is if you know
someone like Angelina Jolie stands up
and says she doesn't approve of a
product because it's behaving the wrong
way or any other film star or celebrity
it's going to have a lot of power but
they can do it now and inherit as we saw
over the the controversy over hmm ads
you can have a famous person come out
and say I'm not gonna buy a clothes
anymore and he's got a lot of followers
then what do you do yes yes absolutely
well I think H&M have responded very
fast they apologized almost immediately
they said they got it wrong and they're
now taking corrective action on that
particular issue alright thanks so much
for your thoughts on that Apple says
it's going to create 20,000 jobs for
American workers the iPhone maker says
the investment will contribute three
hundred and fifty billion dollars to the
US economy over the next five years the
US tech giant has faced criticism in the
past for employing huge numbers of
workers in Asia it's also taken flak for
avoiding US taxes by keeping cash
reserves in foreign bank accounts
BP is revealed it'll pay an additional
one point seven billion dollars this
year towards the Deepwater Horizon
accident
the 2010 environmental disaster
continues to weigh on the company's
finances now the total costs including
lawsuits is coming above 65 billion
dollars the explosion at a well at the
Gulf of Mexico killed 11 people and
dumped around 500 million barrels of oil
into the sea Emirates Airline says it
struck a 16 billion dollar deal with
Airbus to buy thirty-six superjumbos
Airbus had recently warned it may be
forced to abandon production of the 318
planes unless it received more orders
deliveries are scheduled to start in
2020 and finally my number of the week
is one point one degrees Celsius
scientists at the UN say 2017 was one of
the warmest years to be recorded since
the 19th century environmental
researchers fear it's part of a worrying
trend greenhouse gases driving up global
temperatures and changing our
environment well we are now edging
towards the 1.5 degrees Celsius ceiling
that was set as the top limit for global
warming
under that 2015 Paris climate agreement
and that's our show for this week but
remember you can get in touch with us
via Twitter use the hashtag a JCTC when
you do or drop us an email counting the
cost at al jazeera dotnet
is our address there's more for you
online at Al Jazeera comm CTC that'll
take you straight to our page which has
individual reports links and entire
episodes for you to catch up on that's
it for this edition of counting the cost
I'm Sam is a Dan from the whole team
here thanks for joining us the news on
al Jazeera is next
