let go of the puppy voila Kumar in fact
check this December 2015 the Paris
agreement is forged a historic moment 20
years in the making that final Accord
agreed here in Paris was a momentous
achievement a near unanimous global
effort a hallmark of the Obama years but
then things changed the United States
will cease all implementation of the
non-binding Paris Accord Donald Trump's
efforts to strip away the environmental
policies of his predecessor did not end
there he's pushed to bring back mining
jobs with as he put it beautiful clean
coal he's opened the way for offshore
oil exploration and has moved to
dismantle the u.s. clean power plan
but then climate disasters have careered
across the United States residents of
California where Tirico and Texas will
need no reminder that 2017 was unusually
cruel property and livelihoods destroyed
on a massive scale
from hurricanes to wildfires the US was
struck by 16 climate and weather
disasters in one year with losses
according to one report exceeding 306
billion dollars we need to be careful
not to attribute any one of these events
to climate change per se it's pretty
clear that climate change is increasing
the odds of extreme weather and events
like those we've seen recently
hurricanes wildfires etc I've not seen
any real indication the president is
necessarily cognizant of that as cities
and states have stepped into the federal
void in the u.s. to say we're still in
the Paris agreement we're here on the
international stage enter president
macro of France make our planet
great the game just this week macro
acceded to the demands of a
long-standing environmental protest and
abandoned plans for a new airport in
western France in December he hosted the
one planet summit to raise finance to
fight climate change Donald Trump is
looking at this climate change issue as
much more of a domestic politics issue
than in actual scientific and national
security problem which he should be but
you men around my coin is definitely
filling that void since the United
States is now not a leader on climate
change anymore
Donald Trump has recently said he may
yet stay in the Paris agreement should
the deal become more favorable but many
say that he's never actually been able
to articulate a criticism of the
agreement that actually reflects what it
says they would no doubt be huge relief
should the u.s. decide to stay within
the Paris Accord but who knows which way
the white house wind may blow Nick Clark
al Jazeera Paris
