America's vice president flies to the
Middle East with the country still
facing international anger over its
controversial decision to declare
Jerusalem Israel's capital and while the
protests may not be as furious or
widespread Mike Pence will find there is
still deep-seated resentment at the
American position typically these trips
are about trying to demonstrate support
for US priorities and prerogatives in
the region and you know demonstrate how
close we are with our allies and
demonstrate how close we are with Israel
and demonstrate that we can come to some
kind of compromise but the Palestinians
it's a big show these trips are
ostentatious for a reason but the
practical kind of nuts and bolts of the
Trump administration's approach on this
issue is a known failure Donald Trump
meet his controversial announcement last
month it is time to officially recognize
Jerusalem as the capital of Israel and
while a number of sites had previously
been identified it could still take
several years for the switch to go
through Pence will first go to Egypt
where he'll meet with President al-sisi
other senior figures have told him they
are not interested in seeing him from
there it's on to Jordan and the
face-to-face with King Abdullah finally
he'll be in Israel for two days where he
will meet Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu and president Reuben Rivlin
the Palestinians have snubbed the vice
president's visit you cannot meet people
when they insult you when they humiliate
you when they ignore you when they sided
with your enemy you have to pass a clear
message we are angry we don't accept
this and this is cannot continue it
should not be hypocrisy this is
hypocrisy if we meet you we are not
honest our own selves Mike Pence is
traveling to the Middle East to convince
everyone the US can still be an honest
broker in the peace process there Donald
Trump believes as a self-proclaimed a
deal maker he can still pull something
together
Pence's visit will test the new waters
Alan Fisher al Jazeera Washington
