the long-term goals of US policy in
Syria have been a bit muddled but the
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson is
trying to make one point crystal-clear
US forces are not leaving the United
States will maintain a military presence
in Syria focused on ensuring Isis cannot
remarry mission in Syria will remain
conditions-based its main focus training
a local force but that has enraged
Turkey who see those they are teaching
YPG fighters as a grave threat to their
security turkey says that is why its
forces are massing at the border
prompting this warning from the US we
would call on certainly on the Turks to
not take any actions of that sort here's
what caused the concern this statement
from the US military writing quote the
Coalition is working jointly with the
Syrian democratic forces to establish
and train the new Syrian border security
force the statement repeatedly refers to
training a border security force 30,000
strong raising concerns in Turkey that
they could have an autonomous region now
secretary Tillerson says it isn't a
border force that in his words has been
Mis portrayed misdescribed former US
ambassador to Syria Robert Ford says
that's ridiculous that the u.s. train
force would of course control the border
they're just ignoring the Turkish
concerns they know what the concerns are
they just don't care basically they're
making a bet that Turkey will not walk
too far away from its long-standing
alliance with the United States they are
making that bet the u.s. betting the
turkeys leaders will be angry and not
act whether that turns out to be true
will depend in large part on what the
leader of Russia says not Tillerson or
trump patty Col hain al Jazeera
Washington
