it was the first time that Saudi Arabia
had been chosen by a US president for
his debut overseas trip Donald Trump and
the Saudi leadership wanted to reset
relations estranged under the Obama
administration particularly over Iran
the u.s. and the Saudis are traditional
allies but it's clearly a new
relationship that he has closely
embraced by Hamid bin Salman in Saudi
Arabia and he has literally tweeted that
the king and Crown Prince of Saudi
Arabia enjoy his total confidence so he
has essentially given them a diplomatic
blank check and that is why many believe
Saudi Arabia along with the United Arab
Emirates Bahrain and Egypt miscalculated
when they imposed an air sea and land
blockade on Qatar seven months ago Qatar
denies accusations of backing terrorist
organizations Trump initially supported
the blockade before the White House
shifted its position he stood very much
on the side of Saudi Arabia and I think
he has simply gone ahead with whatever
his son-in-law transmitted to him in
terms of messages between Hamad bin
Salman and himself and at the beginning
he demonstrated that he knew very little
as to the strategic importance of Qatar
to the United States
Trump has more than once shown a lack of
knowledge not just about US interests
while meeting Lebanon's prime minister
Saud Hadid II he seemed confused about
the role of Hezbollah Lebanon is on the
front lines in the fight against Isis
al-qaeda and Hezbollah Hezbollah is a
part of the government it's also backed
by Iran Iran has been the common
denominator between the Trump
administration the Saudis and the
Israelis but so far there doesn't seem
to be a clear strategy on how to
confront Iran they are hoping to roll
around back further in Iraq and in Syria
after Isis has been pushed back already
last year but how they do it is very
very unclear whose talk at the moment of
a permanent American military presence
on a small scale in Syria but it is
overwhelmingly likely that Iran is going
to maintain a major influence there US
troops were deployed in the mainly
Kurdish region in Northeast Syria to
assist in the fight against ISIL the
us-led coalition says the American
personnel will stay and help create a
border security force of 30,000 mainly
Kurdish troops the u.s. policy is to
contain Iran and it is using its only
leverage in Syria the Kurds to try to do
that they sell a daily CSS editor yes a
trump doesn't have a new policy for
Syria he inherited his predecessor
policy of no direct military
intervention but he doesn't want the
Russians Iranians the Syrian regime and
Hezbollah to declare victory the u.s. is
not in a position to confront but it
wants to postpone a declaration of
victory what he didn't postpone however
was his campaign pledge but today we
finally acknowledge the obvious that
Jerusalem is Israel's capital with this
highly controversial move Trump
overturned decades of u.s. foreign
policy in the Middle East but one year
in what this administration thinks its
policies in the region will ultimately
achieve remains unclear XANA father al
jazeera Beirut
