the Turkish army is steadily increasing
its presence along this stretch of the
Syrian border president Reggie prepared
one has been threatening to attack the
Kurdish run area valine for almost a
week now there has been sporadic
shelling inside Afreen thousands marched
on Thursday in protest at Turkey's
aggression the goal of this large
demonstration is to send a message to
the world and especially to Turkey
concerning the Turkish threats we will
not be afraid we came here to protest
against the attacks on a free we will
stand by a free NAND our troops the YPG
Afreen is one of three autonomous
Kurdish enclaves controlled by the
Syrian Kurdish PYD party and it's armed
wing the YPG Turkey sees the YPG as an
offshoot of the Kurdistan Workers Party
or PKK which it together with the u.s.
in Europe consider a terrorist
organization but the YPG has been
working with the u.s. to push ISIL out
of Syria not enough lean but further
east of the Euphrates River the
Americans have never had a presence in a
fleeing but the Russians do enough
Elena's been relatively peaceful
throughout this war and it hosts tens of
thousands of internally displaced
Syrians even though like you know a
friend has been there for quite a long
time it has never throw like you know
posit a serious security threat for
Turkey but our Dogon probably needed
this kind of nationalistic you know
rhetoric and potentially use this
military in order to be able to gain
more vote especially with upcoming
elections in in Turkey so I think the
domestic factor cannot be you know
satisfied when it comes to the potential
incursion in into a frame tensions have
been stoked further in recent days by
the US announcement of a so-called
border force which will be based east of
the Euphrates along the border with
Turkey in Iraq and the YPG will form its
backbone not to the mckeavy the United
States and NATO ally supports a
terrorist organization the threatens
Turkey can this be acceptable it is
unacceptable and in
but US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson
says it's not a border force the u.s.
role has been miss portrayed and Turkey
is owed an explanation
he says the build-up is aimed at
countering the resurgence of ISIL will
be internally focused and is important
for the stability of Syria however
that's not what others involved in
Syria's war think Ankara Tehran Moscow
and Damascus have all voiced their
opposition to the force once again it
highlights the complicated nature of
Syria's war ISIL has been pushed out of
most of the territory that it once held
and so the battlefield is becoming
perhaps even more complicated with each
side trying to carve out its sphere of
influence and it seems the Syrians are
the ones that hold the least sway of all
Stephanie Decker al Jazeera antakya
