even as US President Donald Trump tried
to deal with the issue of weapons of
mass destruction at the UN Security
Council his Supreme Court nominee Brett
Kavanaugh was being accused again of
teenage sexual abuse behavior Julie
sweat neck says Kavanaugh and his
friends organized alcohol and drug
filled parties in the early 1980s just
so they could gain rape girls including
her the President of the United States
Trump called this yet another example of
Democratic Party dirty tricks why didn't
they bring this right at the beginning
during the hearing you would have had
all the time in the world for the FBI it
would have been fine now the FBI as you
know did investigate this time as they
have five or six other times and they
did a very thorough investigation but
Cavanaugh's joining the High Court once
considered a sure thing has become less
certain in the last two weeks and some
of that uncertainty is now coming from
the President himself
Julie sweat Nick is the third woman by
name to accuse Kavanaugh of teenage
sexual abuse Debora Ramirez says
Kavanaugh exposed himself to her while
they were first-year students at Yale
and Christine Blasi ford says Kavanaugh
tried to force himself on her and that
she feared he could kill her
when they were both in high school the
Senate Judiciary Committee is also
investigating two other reports that
Kavanaugh abused women
last week Trump question whether Blasi
Ford is telling the truth the result of
a polygraph test she took in August
suggest that she is but now as Blasi
Ford prepares to repeat her story before
the Senate Judiciary Committee on
Thursday Trump says he will give her
testimony a fair hearing in that it
could change his support for Kavanaugh
no it's possible I'll hear that and I'll
say hey I'm changing my mind that is
possible in light of growing anger among
US women over the Cavanagh case the 12
Republican senators all men won't be
directly questioning Blasi Ford they
brought in a woman prosecutor from
Arizona to do that Democrats on the
panel and in the chamber at large say
the hearing shouldn't even be happening
until the FBI can investigate if our
Republican
colleagues rush to proceed without an
investigation it would be a travesty for
the honor of the Supreme Court and the
honor of our country at any rate red
Cavanaugh says he's not withdrawing his
nomination and that the latest
allegations are straight out of the
twilight zone but with five weeks to go
before congressional elections
Republicans may have to decide which
they want more their preferred man on
the Supreme Court or keeping control of
Congress
