juliana cruz and her mother are hand
crafting pottery the same way most of
the women in the town of san marcos make
a living it's not always enough to make
ends meet but who Liana gets help from
her brother who lives in the United
States this work that I do helps us and
sometimes when my brother sends money
that helps us to Julianna
isn't the only person here who receives
money from relatives in the US this line
outside a local wire service is a common
sight and on most days the line can be
much longer for many Mexicans these
remittance payments can be a way out of
poverty is that let me says they use
this cash mainly for food to buy clothes
to build their homes and they also use a
very small amount for savings
last year remittances sent from the
United States increased by 4% experts
say it's the result of changing policies
in the United States there is a fear
among immigrants that the US government
will take away what they have part of
the reason for the increase in
remittances is over the fear that their
assets will be seized money sent home by
migrants has historically been an
important part of the Mexican economy
accounting for more than 2 percent of
the country's GDP in 2017 remittances
outpaced all of Mexico's commercial
exports combined excluding oil and
according to Mexico's central bank that
cash totaled 26 point 1 billion dollars
between January and November of last
year for families like kuleana Cruz and
her mother it's pottery that puts food
on the table but that extra cash her
brother sends goes a long way in
maintaining their quality of life Manuel
de pollo al Jazeera Oaxaca Mexico
