for generations the fishermen of
boulogne-sur-mer have fished freely in
UK waters under European Union rules the
northern French port is only 50
kilometres from Britain across the
English Channel but fishermen worry it
will no longer be possible after Britain
leaves the EU remained efficient English
waters at this time of year say that is
taken away from us life would be very
hard after 35,000 tonnes of fish that
are landed here each year two-thirds are
from UK waters and don't forget also
that 5,000 people here live on the
seafront industry at the logistics the
processing industry so if we don't get
that that fish from the UK waters that
could impact also that side of the
industry fishing leaders say that unless
a deal is made people on both sides of
the channel have much to lose imagine if
there was a hard brexit it could be
difficult for the English to bring their
fish to France about 80% of British fish
ends up on the European market mainly
via France the economy in northern
France has always been closely linked to
the UK there's a shared history too so
when the French president and British
prime minister meet on Thursday people
here hope that the two leaders will work
to protect their interests the link is
crucial and that we need not only to
maintain it but to develop it so we are
trying to convince those abandoned and
the British side to do more it's unclear
at this stage which way the odds are
stacked but there are signs that Paris
and London wish to stay on good terms on
the agenda for Thursday summit the
possible loan of the Bayeux Tapestry to
Britain the 11th century artwork depicts
the invasion of England by French troops
it has never left France if it crosses
the English Channel now the symbolism
will be lost on no one
Natasha Butler al Jazeera
boulogne-sur-mer
