preserve protect and defend there was no
comparison Donald Trump had his day so
help me God and the very next one women
had theirs in Washington DC the largest
protest in the history of the country
women across America and the world
marched to reject the president his
sexist actions comments and past
allegations of sexual assault
he was even caught on tape bragging
about it and he was still elected the
question at the time was this a moment
or a movement I never thought that I
would do this and tell him when to the
women's March in Washington DC let's let
this be the beginning empowered women
like Rebecca Cola ran for elected office
in Virginia a record number ran 11
toppled long serving male politicians
it's been happening across the country
can I just say to Donald Trump keep your
hands off Seattle women are running like
never before and winning in large part
because women are also voting in huge
numbers because of Trump the worst could
possibly happen actually happened and we
have someone unqualified to be leading
this country longtime feminist icon
Gloria Steinem is in a unique position
to judge this movement she told me she
believes it is here to stay it's
beginning to shift and I think I think
we're beginning to see that there is no
J
people are people and beyond race and
beyond gender we're just getting against
a system that political scientist Laura
Brown says will change because of this
she predicts women will have parity in
government in a decade or so what you
see here is that enough women are
finally getting involved at the local
and state level to ensure that there
will be a strong bench of women
candidates ready to run for those higher
level offices in the coming years and
decades one year in and it appears there
is something Donald Trump is making
great again feminism although it is
highly unlikely that was his intention
Patti call Haines al-jazeera Washington
