this is how indigenous Mapuches pray
with branches and cries to the Sun and
the earth and it was with their
traditional rights not the Catholic
churches that Pope Francis began his
visit to Chile's most restive region
they are all kunia Robert en una pi√±a we
can hear Alko sing of a sorrow that
cannot be silenced from centuries of in
Justices that everyone sees taking place
the Pope dedicated his homily to the
Mapuches acknowledging that their blood
was spilt on this very airbase chosen
for the papal ceremony land that is
still being disputed by 700 Mapuche
families thousands walked long distances
from all over there now Kunia region to
attend even from neighboring Argentina
we are separated by the Andes Mountains
but we are the same aperture people with
the same demands for the return of our
ancestral lands that were taken from us
but many couldn't get here because of
barricades put up by masked groups who
blocked access roads our era oconee our
region has been beaten by too many
conflicts since the Pope is closer to
God than we are hopefully he can
intercede on our behalf for peace three
Catholic churches were targeted by
arsonists in the lead-up to the Pope's
visit no one has taken responsibility
though
with Pope Francis privately to tell him
their growth but the Vatican spokesman
told Al Jazeera the Pope is not here to
mediate the Pope called for mapuches to
be recognized as equals but he made no
mention of the key issue of land rights
instead he warned against confrontation
and violence violence begets violence
destruction increases fragmentation and
separation violence can turn even the
most just cause into a lie Pope Francis
is repeatedly for unity is what many
wanted to hear but it's unclear whether
it will contribute to easing a
centuries-old dispute in Chile's poorest
region Lucia Newman al Jazeera demo gone
