Australia is known for being tough
towards refugees denying asylum to
anyone who arrives by boat but its
government says that in fact the country
is generous towards refugees michael
arienzo is a refugee who agrees the
magician originally from Iran says
Australia has been welcoming each other
they're good things multicultural
country and all these different
different nationalities live together in
one country Australia's government says
being tough on unauthorized migration
has put it in control of its borders
that means it has public support to take
in large numbers of pre-screened
refugees via the United Nations official
resettlement scheme we along with the
United States and Canada the most
generous provider of places under the
refugee and humanitarian program in the
world last year the United States took
in nearly a hundred thousand refugees
Canada took almost 50,000 and Australia
took 27 thousand six hundred through the
United Nations refugee process on a per
capita basis as a percentage of its
small population Australia resettled
more refugees this way than any other
country but these figures are selective
the number of refugees resettled by
Australia is dwarfed by the 2.7 million
sheltered by turkey or the 1.5 million
in Pakistan what is true is that for
those refugees Australia's government
brings in on its own terms the support
once they get here is some of the best
in the world as well as education and
counseling our en toes have access to
help for his magic show there's a
government supported finance scheme to
help refugees develop small businesses
but critics say it's not enough to treat
one group kindly while locking out
another the ability to seek asylum is
fundamental to refugee protection around
the
and the way that Australia treats people
coming by boat undermines that
fundamental protection Australia's
generosity is real that is being
overshadowed Andrew Thomas al Jazeera
Sydney
