mirela godina is a hero to his
supporters and thousands of excited
well-wishers formed a guard of honor to
escort his convoy the nine miles from
the detention center on the outskirts of
addis ababa to his home in the nearby
town of biryeo the leader of the aroma
federalist party had been arrested after
returning from a visit to Brussels a
year ago he was accused of collusion
with alkaloid groups a charge he always
denied myself I have never violated my
letters they know I also have a former
member of a parliament and all the
Constitution doesn't know I have been
always you know respecting that anyway
his freedom came as part of government
efforts to stem a spreading wave of
violence and unrest which flared up in
2015 has claimed hundreds of lives and
threatens the stability of one of
Africa's fastest-growing economies from
January the 3rd in a move aimed at
defusing attention
Ethiopia's Prime Minister announced he
would release many prominent dissident
politicians without without part in the
members who will decide this the next
days in the weeks what to do know what
not to do especially how to deal with
the government code for national data if
it is real in the honesty we are for it
but Amnesty International and other
observers one that a few high-profile
releases will not be enough the regime
has to do more has to rescind this
draconian laws has to institute judicial
reforms security sector reform a
complete overhaul of the electoral
system without this I don't think the
people will be satisfied thousands of
prisoners of conscience are still in
jail accused or prosecuted for
protesting against the government in a
statement the u.s. embassy said it was
encouraged by the latest releases Paul
Brennan al-jazeera
