most Somalis are finding it hard just to
survive day to day after more than four
years of drought and the continuing war
without Shabaab fighters the UN says it
just managed to stave off famine in
Somalia last year but with poor rains
forecast again this year more intensive
aid will be needed to help the one in
every two Somalis who are displaced by
widespread fighting all together over
the years more than two million a fifth
of the population one in two Somalis is
displaced away from their home this is
fueling suffering it is filling the
levels of humanitarian need and they do
not have livelihoods and other ways to
survive for more than a decade
al-shabaab fighters who are linked to al
Qaeda have been trying to take over
Somalia bombings in the capital
Mogadishu and conflict nationwide makes
it hard for aid groups to introduce
products that will help the economy grow
long-term and reduce dependence on aid
our work has to be a long-term work on
how to help Somalia stand on its feet
support the Somali people so that we are
not in the same circle every year
responding responding responding to
prizes the threat from al-shabaab gunmen
remained significant despite being
forced from much of the territory they
controlled by forces from the Somali
Army and the African Union reduced
funding means 21,000 au troops are due
to leave Somalia by the end of 2020
Somali government leaders say they don't
have the resources to plug the gap those
troops will leave that risks more
instability and rather than a groups
helping Somalia become self-sufficient
aid workers are struggling to keep the
population from starving to death
Burnett Smith al Jazeera
