a flicker of hope for those still
campaigning for justice in a case that's
outraged many Mexicans it's a fourth
anniversary of the night that 43
students were kidnapped by police
inclusion with a gang they became
symbols of the tens of thousands of
missing in the country the slow-moving
and deeply flawed government
investigation into the tragedy also
became symbolic of a fisherman
difference towards our disappeared
the students parents have never given up
their fight for answers now a new
government is about to take power and
they're daring to believe that things
could change it's the first day in four
years that we feel hope the first day
that a government says yes I'm going to
help you yes we'll get to the truth
that's why we're content and have our
hearts full of hope president elect and
there's Manuel Lopez Obrador met with
the parents who made the right noises
proposing a new committee to take charge
of the case and inviting back
international experts who say their
investigation was blocked I believe that
justice will come and it will strengthen
not weaken our institutions when we all
know what really happened where the
young people are and when the guilty are
punished those marching to mark the
anniversary won't let him forget his
promises the now outgoing government's
reaction to the tragedy of the students
really marked the point where it fell
from grace and had never recovered now
it's going to be a big test for Andres
Manuel Lopez Obrador
once he takes power how he deals with
this but also with the more than 30,000
disappeared in the country and the
record levels of violence so many
stories echo Hilda's she and her husband
have given up their former lives to true
jells army barracks morgues and mass
graves in search for their son says her
young with Uffizi I see the limit of the
law it's been really difficult it's
painful and frustrating were angry about
all the impunity for her in tens of
thousands of others the worst thing is
simply than not knowing the hope is that
in this case the parents and the country
might finally get closer to the truth
John Holman al-jazeera Mexico City
