it's me at the Judith Hosseini my name
is Adeeb Judea al-husseini I'm the
keyholder of the Church of the Holy
Sepulchre in Jerusalem and the holder of
the stamp of the Holy tomb you'll be the
story of my family began in 1187 when
salahuddin Allah you be liberated the
city of Jerusalem from the Crusaders
Dena the sects agreed and from 1187
until today we have been holding the
keys of the Church of the Holy Sepulchre
holy face shuttle feet yay we have
preserved it with our blood and soul it
is our second home my job is not just an
honorable job and it is not just the
heritage of my family as a Muslim family
it is the heritage to all Muslims across
the world that a Muslim family has held
and preserved the church for eight
hundred and fifty years it is a feeling
that cannot be described and I envy
myself for being the key holder of the
Church of the Holy Sepulchre I have been
opening the door of the Holy Sepulchre
Church since I was eight years old and
today I'm 53 for more than 40 years I've
had this responsibility my father gave
me the seal of the grave when I was 12
years old and I sealed the tomb now I
have three children
and I've started teaching them sometimes
I open sometimes they open the keys of
the Holy Sepulchre Church are in the
custody of the Judea al-husseini family
and hopefully this will last forever my
family received two keys from Salah
Hadean ala UB because there were two
doors every door had two locks two doors
four locks one key opens four locks the
key broke 500 years ago so we use the
second one we don't want to leave the
Holy Sepulchre Church it is captive just
like al-aqsa mosque it's the same thing
yeah make any Sophia's here I can only
measure the moxa we are P scholars we
hope and pray for peace to come to our
region
from here from the Church of the Holy
Sepulchre the light of Islamic Christian
coexistence emerged to fool a original
model we lived with them and we have
known them since childhood we are in the
same trenches we had the same pain and
suffering we have the same feeling these
churches are also Arab churches not just
Palestinian we are not just brothers in
ethnicity but also in blood
