three-year-old Theresa beaver died
weighing only six kilograms less than
half the healthy body weight a child her
age
like other malnourished and seriously
ill children of the Asthma tribe in
Papua she traveled with her mother many
hours to get to a clinic trying to save
her life
but there are only nine doctors who are
available for more than 200 villages in
the swarm covered area in the south all
of them are based in the district's
capital hours away from their patients
the outbreak of measles started in
September and spread quickly because
only few children have been immunized
many died because they're undernourished
bodies were not strong enough to fight
the disease the government admits its
response has been too late yes what we
have done is not enough but let's not
focus on who is in the wrong let's focus
on how to solve it because we are
dealing with this reality right now we
thought our colleagues in Papua could
handle it but it turns out they need
help and to be pushed more that's what
we are doing now since Papua became part
of Indonesia in the 1960s pop ones have
often criticized the government for
neglecting the far eastern province a
small armed movement has been fighting
for independence and many pop ones have
died because of military violence over
the years to bring peace the government
gave Papa more autonomy and improved its
infrastructure what is happening to the
Asthma tribe shows that Jakarta does not
care enough about Papua despite building
roads and the development we have seen
since we got more autonomy pop wounds
don't feel their lives have improved the
government has called the measles
outbreak an extraordinary situation and
has sent food and medical teams to the
area also flying doctors and the
military have been called in to help but
due to the remoteness of the affected
villages many fear for some help will be
too late children dying of hunger and
disease are a huge blow to president
Joko Widodo as far to stop military
fighter suffering
fare to the pop ones despite his
frequent visits to this restive province
this tragedy painfully shows that a lot
more needs to be done to reach the
traditional inhabitants of Papua stop
farsan al Jazeera Jakarta
