it was a year that saw the leaders of
the United States and North Korea
exchanging threats of nuclear war and
some rather undignified insults Donald
Trump called the North Korean leader
little rocket man Kim jong-un dubbed the
US president a mentally deranged dotard
they boasted about their nuclear buttons
ontogeny the US mainland is within the
range of our nuclear strike and the
nuclear botton is put on the task in my
office at all times and sparked fears
the Korean Peninsula could be edging
closer to war they will be met with fire
and fury like the world has never seen
it certainly has elevated the level of
tension on the peninsula president Trump
has made this issue his most important
foreign policy issue so it has brought a
lot of attention globally during Trump's
first year in office North Korea
launched its first successful tests of
intercontinental ballistic missiles
demonstrating that its weapons could
reach the United States it conducted its
biggest ever nuclear bomb test and late
last year declared its weapons
development program was complete in
response the u.s. successfully pushed
for tough UN sanctions including a cap
on North Korea's petrol supplies other
countries in this region have been faced
with a delicate balancing act China
supported the UN sanctions but was
unwilling to cut off North Korea's oil
supply completely and South Korea has
been pushing a jewel campaign of
pressuring the north while continuing to
promote dialogue with the new year came
a shift for the first time in more than
two years the two Koreas sat down for
official talks and agreed North Korea
would attend the Winter Olympics next
month South Korean government is now
engaging with the North Korean
government
dialogues and North Korean delegation
visiting South Koreans February so we're
in a very different place than what
people thought even two three six months
ago so what happens next
South Korean president moon jae-in
thanked Donald Trump for helping bring
about the talks and both say they would
be willing to sit down with Kim jong-un
under the right circumstances though
Trump has previously said any talks with
North Korea would be a waste of time
mixed signals from his administration
and even the fact that a year on he
hasn't appointed an ambassador to South
Korea has some analysts questioning what
Trump's policy on North Korea really is
Kathy Novak al Jazeera Seoul
