I'm for me okay you're in the stream
we're live on al-jazeera and YouTube
fake news if your tweets watch TV or
even just talk politics with your
friends it's a phrase that you can't
escape but what does it really mean
today the stream explains now though its
first uses can be traced back more than
a hundred years the current popularity
of the phrase fake news is down to one
man u.s. President Donald Trump he first
started using it as a weapon against his
critics while campaigning and since his
election he has used it numberous
numerous times and traumas now said that
he plans on Wednesday to hand out awards
for fake news the announcement prompted
a really call from many with several
comedians actively campaigning to be
nominated a political tally at the end
of last year found that the phrase has
become a favorite of authoritarian
governments with leaders of state media
in at least 15 countries using it to
attack journalists so what does fake
news really mean and is it even a useful
description joining to help us answer
these questions Claire waddle research
fellow at the surance Teen Center at the
Harvard Kennedy School and director of
first draft News Paul Levinson is
professor of Media Studies at Fordham
University author of fake news in real
context and Michelle Chula Lupin is
executive director of the National
Association for media literacy education
and guests Before we jump into the
conversation I want to show you a clip
this is early on Wednesday US Republican
Senator Jeff Flake making news about
fake news have a look now we are told
via Twitter that today the president
intends to announce his choice for the
quote most corrupt and dishonest media
warts it beggars belief that an American
president would engage in such a
spectacle but here we are po here we are
have we reached peak fake news is this
the moment where we've just maxed out on
the term no I don't think so I think we
still have a ways to go and by the way I
just want to say not only comedians but
I've now said
several tweets to Trump urging him to
give my book fake news and real contacts
I've seen them what the fake news no so
so far no response but fake news is a
burgeoning issue because Trump won't let
it go and what started out first as
people being concerned about real fake
news which is almost an oxymoron but
news that was fake
Trump cleverly twisted into an attack on
any news that he finds unwelcome or in
the least bit critical and so a day
doesn't go by because he does so many
things worthy of criticism that someone
on some media platform isn't being
critical of him and his now standard
routine is to denounce it as fake news
and that's very damaging to our
political system senator flake is
completely right we need to speak out
about this I agree I think you know the
fake news conversation is is very
limiting and also quite dangerous and
although it has definitely put a
spotlight on some important issues in
our culture certainly around information
flow it's really limiting in the sense
that we've you know it's been co-opted
the term itself has been co-opted as as
Paul said to really just focus on you
know what we don't want to believe and
that is not what fake news is and never
was what is it Michelle can be really
you you teach media literacy what do you
tell in your 101 fake news class what do
you tell people it is well fake news is
deliberate deliberate false information
that de Liberty is created to manipulate
right it's deliberately false it is not
stuff that we don't agree with it's not
inaccuracies it's not things that we
just don't have all the information for
yet so far in in Trump's presidency we
spend a lot of time talking about what
fake news isn't right because he's
really focused on it being all that
you know shines a negative light on him
and his administration and
anyone that's been doing this work for
as long as we have knows that that is
absolutely not the case and it's
actually yeah yeah let me just say you
know the New York Times has long had an
errata section at the bottom of the
front page where they listed mistakes
that they make the media are rotten by
human beings people make mistakes all
the time but the key point indeed about
fake news real fake news is that's a
form of propaganda which is created
entirely to deceive people so it's not
an honest mistake
it's not something that's just false
it's something that's intentionally
false can I let me show you this we
asked our audience Claire to define fake
news and we've got so many definitions
have a look at some of them
why the confusion Claire
I think everybody's always a decision
venetian why well the a this is why your
program is so great because your
audience members are so smart but I
actually don't use the term f Asterix
for accessories news for this reason
because actually it means so many
different things to so many different
people it's actually become entirely
meaningless and I do love the stream
because you allow us a long time to
discuss really complex issues but we
shouldn't be doing a show about this
because Trump is one he had the
sensation and the journalists have run
towards him now having a show discussing
it I said as ever he has tweets have
legs have more coverage and we shouldn't
be doing it because the term is wingless
and it's dangerous all right yes I guess
if I disagree with that I disagree with
that completely what Trump is doing is
undermining our media he's undermining
our legitimate media when he calls out
Jim Acosta on CNN says your fake news
and when he bellows about NBC and the
New York Times and The Wall Street
Journal and the noise things that we
have him on video tape saying yeah when
he makes those attacks he's attacking
the very foundation of media and
journalism in a free society
that's exactly shouldn't it let me put
this to you this is totally knee as Cena
have a look here what he shared with us
it is incredibly frustrating that we
give the term legitimacy by continued
use and let me just go across here to
where Claire has been talking about fake
news and she actually won't even say the
word she says
f asterisk asterisk and Asterix
asterisks and I remember the very first
time we talked to you you you said it
was a Miss information ecosystem Claire
you wouldn't even say the word can we
clean out the basement without even
saying the word we always have
misinformation which is it mistakes that
people don't mean any harm do you mean
disinformation where people know it's
harmful and then deliberately pushing
out oh we're talking about propaganda
and my issue about the term news is it's
focused on text a bigger issue of
visuals the biggest big
this information our visuals means
videos and actually going keep focusing
on these websites we're missing that the
platforms are analyzing visuals we don't
take them seriously and actually much
more powerful because our brains are lot
less likely to be critical of visuals so
I just think the term is unhelpful I
completely agree with Paul this is one
of the most serious issues we currently
face yeah learning about Free Press
globally is terrifying so the idea that
we talked about in a war words I just
think we should have a different
conversation on a different day about a
really serious topic all right
okay I'll just say that the truth is
that we if we can take this fake news
conversation and leverage it to have the
bigger conversations and the more
important conversation about how we
understand the information ecosystem as
a whole that's what's really important
to me
it's that we do not understand and we do
not certainly in the United States
really teach our students to understand
the entire information landscape and
that's everything from misinformation to
inaccuracies to fact to fiction to
credibility to bias to all of these
layers the information ecosystem is so
nuanced and by just focusing on fake
news we're limiting ourselves to to
being worried just are we duped is this
true and those are not the conversations
that are going to help us understand the
information ecosystem which we are
living in and it's really important that
we move beyond fake news in that way and
I agree with Claire and Paul this is
really vital so how can we leverage this
moment in time to put a spotlight on
these bigger issues about understanding
information as it exists today okay
let's do some leverage leverage okay so
this is Mark Knoller hot type for a
moment this is Mark Knoller from CBS
just I just want to clarify what's
happening on Wednesday he says the White
House will be announcing fake news
awards later today this is real I'm sure
you're all waiting to see if your big
winners this is Sanders she's telling
reporters here she is she's the White
House her spokesperson as you well know
let's go back to Senator Jeff Flake he's
a Republican senator and we're talking
about leveraging this conversation what
is important he pointed that out earlier
today on the Senate floor have a look
this feedback loop is disgraceful mr.
president not only has the past
you're seeing an American president
borrowed despotic language to refer to
the free press but it seems he has now
in turn inspired dictators and
authoritarians with his own language
that is reprehensible Claire when Lister
here says on Twitter she tweeted this to
us this is about news leaders what they
don't like the truth hurts this is this
is what we're really talking about we're
not talking about news that is a real
we're talking about what political
leaders don't want to tell their public
absolutely and now because of social
media politicians had to rely on the
media to get their message out up until
five six seven years ago now they can
talk directly to their people via social
media so by discrediting
the mainstream media they're saying you
don't go over there I don't listen to
that information just come straight to
me you can't trust them so this is part
and parcel of the the role of social
media in societies but it's exactly this
this has become a slur for any
politician to put down the types of
information they don't like
investigative reporting they don't like
and that's why it's so dangerous and so
worrying Paul I agree let me just say
something about visual media though
because and this is important and Claire
made this point earlier you know there's
a general expression seeing is believing
and what that does is it makes a video
or photograph much more likely to be
able to deceive someone because we sort
of psychologically think if we're
looking at an image or even an image in
motion then somehow it must be true and
this actually vastly predates Trump
there's an infinite infamous photograph
of Abraham Lincoln in which he looks
very presidential
it turns out they put Abraham Lincoln's
face on someone else's more attractive
hoodie
yes exactly war for example the
darkening of OJ Simpson's photograph
when he was first arrested you know to
make him look darker so I mean this has
been going on for a while but it's been
taken now to a new level and in addition
to what we're saying about we need to be
very strong and opposing what Trump is
trying to do at the same time we do need
to encourage people to be more skeptical
of what they are seeing with their eyes
if they see an image or they see a video
because it's so easy to manipulate them
and that's why media literacy education
putting in a plug for that work is so
vital because media literacy education
is looking at all media and not just
news
also advertising also entertainment
visual literacy all of this stuff
matters and again it goes to the fact
are we asking the right questions and I
think what's interesting about what's
happening in the u.s. right now just
today this idea that our president is
having a fake news awards show is is
really mind-blowing to people in the
United States and especially because you
know what are the resources and what are
the the time and energy of our
government you know what is it going
towards right and and so there's a lot
of people in the US that's are obviously
very disturbed by the time and energy
that's going into this and we need to be
really wary of that see misty Knight
says here she is on or he is on YouTube
mr. Knight says you fight fake news by
not believing everything you hear
make sure you seek the truth by looking
into everything and making up your mind
based off proven facts and reliable
sources mr. unites particularly a
journalist
black Genesis the public is much more
informed about how corrupt government
officials use false flags to achieve
their desired results Claire are you
finding that the public is now getting
much more informed I think whatever one
concern we have is that trust in all
types of institutions is dropping so
trust in governments or democracies or
the press and that's a real worry so I
think one level these conversations have
meant that there we're really training
more people in how do you actually
analyze the information or the visuals
that you are seeing we're having much
more interesting conversations about the
quality of information that we have in
our social feeds but my concern is that
almost this discussion as well is also
turning people off into about
institutions in general so I worry that
it's easy and
because I can't trust my politician I
can't trust my local journalist and
we're gonna turn in words to one another
and I don't think that's the kind of
societies that we all want to live in
that's a really good is also true that
now as never before in history any
individual does have a way of confirming
sources confirming stories and I always
tell my students if you see something
online anything and it strikes you as
maybe not being true or completely true
it's never been easier for you to Google
that phrase or term and see well what is
the New York Times what a CNN saying
what even is Fox News saying in other
words we have all of these sources and
so these are tools that we now have
which we didn't have you know a couple
of decades ago or even 10 years ago to
basically check and see whether what
we're seeing in one place is true or not
let me share with you a comment from
Rachel Artie ager
she's an elementary school teacher so
she teaches kids between the ages of 8
and 10 this is what she told us that
she's doing about fake news have a look
we teach our upper elementary school
students about fake news by first
introducing them to the idea of images
and how images are naturally biased and
then looking at how altered images if
answering the question whether they
really portray what they're supposed to
or if they tell a different story and
that serves as our entry point for
talking about how news articles are
biased and how altering facts can also
create a different story that veers away
from the truth Michelle this is your
love this is your life this is what you
do yes education yes so rachel is one of
our wonderful members and she is one of
the thousands of folks in the u.s.
really working incredibly hard in
classrooms every day trying to decipher
some of this this conversation and it's
really important and I think that you
know just to add on to the conversation
about skepticism and I think it's really
important to know
that another danger of the fake news
conversation is the fact that it could
make people cynical and that is not
media literacy and that's not an
effective way an effective way to
maneuver and navigate this information
we need some informed skepticism as Paul
said that it's really really important
that we teach you know people how to ask
questions about all the media there
they're seeing and ask questions before
they share and ask questions about you
know different sources and really create
these habits of inquiry and and that is
about skepticism we don't want people to
stop believing anything is true and
that's the danger of the fake news
conversation and it certainly doesn't
give any credit to a very hard-working
press that we have in the United States
you know we we it's a really bad time to
be a journalists in the u.s. and that's
something that's very concerning to all
of us in education interesting comment
here about legislation and what Germany
is actually doing about fake news okay
let me share this with you how do you
stop fake news ask the Chicago Tribune
in Germany with a law I know you've been
working with the EU you've been working
with lots of different organizations
about how do we stop this tide of fake
news legislation I think that's a boy I
hear that let me just pick up with
Claire cuz I know Claire you you've been
working with the EU and then poor I know
you're eager to get in so your follow up
just then okay go ahead so this partly
goes back to my issues with definition
because if the phrase that we're using
is not helpful in it me there's a
million different things for a million
different people and you can't regulate
something when you're not clear what
you're regulating and in fact the German
law is actually around hate speech but
what we're seeing is is that the
platforms are so terrified about being
fined that it already has only been
around since the 1st of January we're
seeing a lot of content being taken down
because they're terrified of being fines
and they're taking down more than we
would be happy with so it's definitely
moving into censorship so we've had
McCord from France talking about
potentially passing a law and Paul is
right I think in the u.s. we're very
worried about regulation but my fear
here in Europe and number of different
European countries is that this is a
knee-jerk reaction because there's this
panic around
but until we can actually stop what do
we mean we mean 100 percentage
fabricated news websites that are made
for profit are we talking about
misleading content hyper-partisan
content means visuals meet face video
this is very complicated and so
regulation we're not at a point yet
where where we are even able to do that
because we can't agree on the terms Paul
yep
well I agree with that completely what
Claire said it's extremely dangerous to
bring the government in in any kind of
regulation of media first of all here in
the United States that violates our
First Amendment which says Congress
shall make no law abridging freedom of
speech or the press and that First
Amendment is extremely important and has
never been more important when you have
someone like Donald Trump in the White
House and he would order the FCC to
basically fine
CNN and NBC any time they broadcast a
story that Trump found to his disliking
which we know happens probably dozens of
times a day so I think that that
Germany's law was well intentioned but
it's the worst possible response to fake
news a far better response is asking the
social media to take better care to the
extent that they can in their
dissemination of fake news yeah I think
it's gonna take a combination of
solutions right and obviously it's no
surprise that my my advice is education
because the truth is is regulation also
addresses today's fake news right it
doesn't account for what's going to
happen in five years down the line and
10 years down the line and that's where
education comes in because what we're
looking at is really building skills
right and skills that can you know
surpass technology changes and media
change yes and that's what's really
important about education as a tool to
resolve some of these issues it's not
obviously going to you know help us
solve all the ills in the world but
education is really really key to the
solutions of these problems Jake a
silicon media says here on Twitter
teaching students about
knees can be a lot of fun for both
myself as an educator and for the
students but it also can be a huge
challenge I feel like this is gonna be
the part of every single curriculum if
not already in the very near future
I guess I'm just wondering what you make
of this Facebook has a lot of work to do
and Mark Zuckerberg personal challenge
for 2018 his new year's resolution was
making Facebook better okay yeah well
some of the viewers might know that
there was an announcement last week
where Facebook said it's actually going
to change its algorithm slightly so in
our feed and Facebook we're much more
like to see content shared by our
friends and family and content that
we're engaging around so some people are
arguing that this is them say you know
what news is hard it's difficult to
publish and decide what to publish and
so you know to think about pollution the
way that how do you clean up the streets
of Facebook and so some people arguing
that this is why they've made this move
I think there's a I think it's more
complex than that but I think they have
recognized that Mark Zuckerberg has gone
from just after the election in the u.s.
in November 2016 to say it was a crazy
idea that's a success for exasperates
News played a part to saying yes this is
really difficult we can do all that we
can to you know what I think we might go
back to more cat videos which I'm being
simplistic but my worry is that actually
as more people get their news from
social media the idea that we're going
to take more of that content away from
the news feed because it's difficult and
people don't like to talk about it and
you know the stuff that we really talk
about and engage on Facebook from a new
perspective controversial content
opinionated content and my fear is that
the algorithm is going to be driven in a
way that we're just going to get more
sensational news and not be that you
know the information that we need to
know as citizens living in a society
Facebook conversation is that you know
just regardless of whatever changes
they're gonna make and I think it's
gonna continue to evolve what's most
important to me from a media literacy
perspective is their transparency about
those changes are they being honest with
their consumers are they being honest
with the audience and to the people that
are using their site how can they be
more transparent about their algorithms
about the way they sell ads about the
way they you know manage our news feeds
and I think so I think you know you can
focus a little bit on the changes
they're making
but I think what's more important is to
really make sure that they're being
transparent about those changes and
giving us that information back yeah oh
just there there's a bill that's being
proposed in the US Senate called the
honest ads Act that again would penalize
Facebook if it put up an ad and was it
was not correctly identified as bad no
it's a it's a very important point and
Facebook is right to have made this
change where they are more carefully
identifying ads as ads just as they are
already identified newspapers on
television were right at the end of our
show
who knew that we could spend so long
talking about something that's not real
Paul Levinson Michele Schuler lipkin and
Claire waddle thank you so much for
helping us unpack this term where are we
going with this and being a pal you'd to
the fake news Awards by the President of
the United States appreciate it
conversation continues as always hashtag
a day stream see you online
you
