you prove it to me one word and I will
tell hitting out at a website that's
been a fierce critic of his and is now
set to be shut down the President of the
Philippines Rodrigo Duterte denies
influencing a regulators decision to
revoke the license of the Rattler news
website a question of abuse and
protection by the elite of this country
the power switching to Filipino he uses
an expletive to accuse rich Filipinos of
misusing the media his administration
insists there's nothing political about
the Securities and Exchange Commission's
declaration that rattler had broken laws
on foreign ownership but the SE C's
decision isn't final and as the website
prepares to fight the ruling in the
courts it is allowed to keep going it's
boss says despite having two foreign
investors the business is really being
targeted for its journalism let me make
clear one thing right the actual charges
are false rattler is 100% Filipino owned
I own 24% of the shares I mean I of the
of all of the shareholders of rattler
the journalists owned the largest share
collectively the shut down order comes
as a parliamentary committee considers
legal changes that would limit freedom
of expression to the quote responsible
exercise of the freedom of speech some
Filipinos claim that could lead to more
media outlets being closed down
there is this very large or huge at them
you just come straight or restrict the
narrative the one singular voice so that
the people were given a variety of
opinions
last year media watchdog Reporters
Without Borders said the Philippines was
fairly free and diverse but noted what
it called duties unveiled encouragement
of violence against journalists now
rattlers boss says a war of attrition is
under way when she and her colleagues
are determined to win Nadine Barber
al-jazeera
