this is a bathroom in Moorea camp
there's a lavatory for every 72 people
and the water doesn't always run the
streets between the tents and housing
units smell of fetid wastewater this
Iranian woman shares a tent with an
Afghan family and gives the children
lessons in Farsi since there is no
education for some 3000 children in the
camp the government provides one doctor
for morias 9,000 residents but Doctors
Without Borders have set up a surgery
outside the camp for women and children
the government could move sick and
vulnerable populations of the island but
this year hasn't done so we are most of
them tumors
yoona urinary catheters cardiac problems
very severe breathing problems a lot of
kind of medical very sever pathologists
who are here even when they have buried
some months ago a medical report from
the hospital telling that for medical
reasons they need to me to remove
Gordian to athens in the tent city
beside the official camp the aid group
movement on the ground has built
terracing and drainage and provided
Wi-Fi and electricity but new arrivals
are spilling beyond this into the olive
groves authorities can provide them with
only a tarpaulin and a rope about 20,000
Asylum applicants have arrived on Greek
shores this year all of them are forced
to remain on East Aegean islands while
their applications are processed at the
moment new arrivals are looking at
waiting periods of 14 months before
their first interview like others here
this Afghan family has stripped olive
trees to cook forced to forage refugees
create problems for local farmers one of
them shows me his carpentry workshop
looted and burned his house was stripped
of plywood refugees used for shelter
he no longer picks the olives that used
to give him half his income I come every
day I catch them inside I call the
police
there is nothing they can do Greece
cannot protect us Greece is like a
vineyard without defense but the
refugees don't want this any more than
he does
Ali Sajjad is here because the Taliban
nearly killed him he just wants to
finish his degree in
ecology this country don't owe us
anything you know we don't want hot
water we don't want anything we don't
know their feet we just want to let us
leave if I could lift this camp to be
okay enough if I could find a job if I
could could rent a house okay no problem
because what living on the jungle the
scorpions yet this is the foreseeable
future for Ali and 11,000 refugees on
the island john psaropoulos al jazeera
lesbos
