jameelah Arden is one of many Kurds
whose grandparents left northern Syria
years ago but he still has family in
Afrin which is close by on the Syrian
side of the border Jimin and his
relatives there are growing increasingly
worried as Turkey prepares for a
military operation against US backed
Kurdish YPG fighters I'm no friend of
the YPG they recruit young boys and
girls that's why my brother-in-law's
fled Afrin and moved to Istanbul four
years ago the weapons provided to those
fighters by the u.s. scares me my
village is the closest to our foreign we
don't feel at peace while I people are
there the YPG is in control of the land
just beyond this wall the US reckons its
fighters are key to wiping out ISIL in
Syria that's infuriated Turkey which
considers the YPG to be an extension of
the PKK a Kurdish group which turkey the
US and the European Union deem a
terrorist organization neveress flood
offering for Turkey six years ago after
the Syrian war began merciless
we can't go back to Syria we came here
and worked in farming with other
refugees from a his mountain from Aleppo
everyone wants peace in Syria and Afrin
because it's the civilians that gets
harmed the most many Kurds living in
villages near the border avoid TV
cameras some have relatives in Afrin
where military action is planned and the
villagers may also need to seek safety
if the fighting does start the Turkish
military is massed on the border and
says it's ready to strike against the
new border force which it sees as a
direct threat at stake is the
relationship of two NATO countries see
namco s√≥lo al jazeera turkey-syria
border
