a family photo appearing to show David
and Louise Turpin surrounded by their 13
children those children ranging in age
from 2 to 29 and now being treated in
hospital police say they found them
locked up in their home starving and in
filthy conditions medical staff treating
them spoke of they're shocked at what
they encountered in the time we live in
it's unfortunate to see this it's
actually heartbreaking for the staff and
just it's unbelievable what you see
police were called to this family home
in Paris east of Los Angeles on Sunday
they say a girl had managed to escape
and call them from a mobile phone she
found in the house the girl told police
she was 17 they say she was so emaciated
she had appeared to them to be just 10
years old police rescued her 12 brothers
and sisters some of them malnourished
and chained to the beds they arrested
their parents 57 year old David Turpin
and 49 year old Louise Turpin some who
saw the police operation chose not to
show their faces on camera one said she
saw the mother being arrested she was
just like coffee and acting a little
weird and just like if the police
officer was talking to her and she just
kept like smirking at him in like kind
of like she spit twice down the floor
they were all in PJs because it was
early in the morning they were very very
pale skinned like almost like they've
never seen the Sun police gave no
indication as to why the parents had
kept their children captive neighbors
say the terpenes and their children
really emerged all come out and they
don't have to mow the lawns together and
then they'd all go in I always had a
suspicion because that house never
looked like there was a lot of
in front of it a Facebook page that
appears to have been created by the
parents shows the couple getting married
and posts from 2016 and surrounded by
their children all in matching dresses
and suits the parents have been charged
with torture and child endangerment and
are being held on bail at nine million
dollars each million ohand al Jazeera
