Sudanese police here are trying to plug
the gap in the border and stop smuggling
into Eritrea
police say all these goods including
cars food and other items were about to
be smuggled people and weapons are also
being trafficked it's an illegal trade
so they don't go through the official
borders which creates a gap in the
products for the people living here
these are Sudanese products subsidies
products that are smuggled to
neighboring countries so we are trying
to stop this illegal trade Sudan and
Eritrea share around 600 kilometers of
land border most of it is open the
recent announcement of a state of
emergency in Casella saw the closure of
all official crossing points and
Sudanese military forces deployed along
the border this border is one of three
official crossings between Sudan and
Eritrea since the Sudanese government
declared a state of emergency more than
a week ago this area has been closed
just like the other two and while that
may have been done as part of a
disarmament and anti-smuggling campaign
here in Casilla state geopolitical
tensions also seem to play a role in the
border closure tensions between Egypt
and Sudan neighbor Ethiopia have
recently widened to include Sudan and
Eritrea sudan supports the largest
hydroelectric dam project in africa and
has increased military forces in
castell√≥n egyptians fear the dam will
slow the flow of water in the river nile
some Sudanese fear Eritrea may back
Egypt in any conflict over the dam when
we declared a state of emergency we
closed the borders it means what it
means I can't tell if the Gyptian forces
are stationed in Eritrea or not but as a
nation we take precautions for our
national security so we close the border
and with the state of emergency it's
natural to have military forces on the
border just as a precaution for national
security
electri says it's not hosting foreign
forces and the deployment of Sudanese
forces was unnecessary
what is said that Egypt has weapons in
Eritrea and soldiers is fabricated news
created by the Sudanese intelligence to
justify the joint deployment forces
between the two countries in the state
of Casilla on Eritrea's border it's an
attempt for them to escape from their
internal issues so dance
and borders have always been a security
challenge now with the state of
emergency and they increased military
force Sudan is hoping for an improvement
Hiba morgan al jazeera on the border
between Sudan and Eritrea
