Turkey Syria and Russia have attacked a
US plan to form a 30,000 strong border
security force in northern Syria
Turkey's president accused Washington of
trying to create a terror army and
pledged to quote drown it before it
comes into being and the Syrian
government has vowed to drive the u.s.
presence from its territory the US says
the force will secure areas along
Syria's border to the north with Turkey
and to the east with Iraq it will be
mostly made up of fighters from the
Syrian democratic forces who turkey
considers terrorists the SDF is a US
backed alliance of Kurdish and Arab
fighters which currently controls almost
25% of Syrian territory in the north and
east Russia says it's u.s. plot to
partition Syria or which Alan's reports
from Moscow but Russia's foreign
minister had a stark rebuke for the u.s.
on Monday speaking at a media conference
in Moscow Sergey Lavrov said the
creation of a zone controlled by US
backed rebels risks serious territorial
integrity Turkey's president also
opposes the plan he's attacking reports
of the US backed Kurdish border force
Recep Tayyip Erdogan says Turkey will
launch its own military operation
against the Kurds in the northern Syrian
city of Afrin now the United States has
confessed that they are forming a terror
army along our border what we have to do
is to strangle this terror army on our
borders before it is born Turkey has
fought Kurdish factions inside its
borders for decades and doesn't want to
see them gaining more power in
neighboring Syria but in northern Syria
the Americans have long been supporting
some Kurdish forces the Kurds are the
most effective fighting force
against the Assad government and against
the Islamic state in Syria and they've
been very successful at that
that's the American purpose but the
Turks regard the Kurds and the YPG has a
dire threat they label them terrorists
although US President Donald Trump
promised earlier on he would stop
supporting Kurdish fighters the Pentagon
never made that official
the reported thirty thousand strong
us-backed border force would primarily
come from Kurdish led Syrian democratic
forces and would deploy along the Syrian
borders with Turkey and Iraq and along
the Euphrates River Valley the dividing
line with Syrian government forces one
of the Syrian wars detectable trends
last year was the emerging axis of
cooperation between Russia and Turkey
often joining together to criticize
steps taken by the United States well if
today's developments are anything to go
by that's a trend that looks set to
continue into 2018 rori talents al
Jazeera Moscow
