be harmed in northern India beautiful
impoverished still overwhelmingly rural
life expectancy is the lowest in India
only half the population can read and
write people flee the hardship of the
countryside for opportunity in the
capital
but nah a city of three million is a
magnet for those seeking to escape the
limitations of their birth
this is the story of the super 30 these
young people are almost all from poor
backgrounds what they also share is a
talent for mathematics today they're
sitting the first round of an exam that
could change the entire course of their
lives
four thousand have made their way here
from all over Bihar only 200 will go
through to the second round they're
competing to get into an elite class
known as the super 30 it Creator is
Anant Kumar Colby with Del T is my
philosophy busy PR has his misogyny
words may participate custom he's a
mathematician who set up the super 30 to
help gifted children who come like him
from four families if possible as pastor
Han Logitech agree but Jay jockey Samar
tahina Jin kept a source nahin unko
source maharaja or world capable
separate Institute made other those who
get into super 30 will be coached for
another more grueling ordeal the
entrance exam for the Indian Institutes
of technology or IIT it's India's most
prestigious university the applicants
for super 30 know that if they do make
it to IIT they'll be set up for life
the seven IITs were intended to produce
an elite of engineers and technologists
today many of the computer science
graduates end up as Silicon Valley
software millionaires Danny IITs head of
computer science is Chandra Mari there
are people who CEOs of major
corporations banking finance telecom the
most important thing that they take is
the fact that they can handle stress
what IT education stands for is
essentially very high quality
instruction tremendous demands being
made on students in terms of classroom
activity project activity competition
and deadlines these are extraordinary
every year the IITs admit about 5,000
students from all over India 50 or 60
candidates compete for each of the
coveted places against this Anant Kumar
success rate is amazing
in 2006 28 of his super 30 got into IIT
not many are girls in Bihar their
education is still seen as less
important than boys SaLuSa merely foster
Lindsay Thank You Mooji
Gasca KO hum proposition you cannot
compete +1 Chabad many prefer desuka kim
erin and HRT Mujib are busy pernickety
tokyo eco problem yo robo leaking air
possible me
outside the school anxious relatives
wait for the three hour exam to finish
at the end of the day 4,000 exam papers
are collected for marking most of the
candidates will fail only one in 20 will
go through to the second round
incredibly the super 30 exam scripts are
taken away under armed guard
five weeks later round two of the
entrance exam the super 30 will be
chosen from these 200 candidates
susheela's made it through balaji home
lock set creating a papist of misrata
Caldecott Akiba choker a general I cook
it man
yet now a search party on is part of a
perception Othman knowledge Khomeini
importance to the subject Yankees
majority especially Omari Graham
inseparable choco Journal systematically
school carpaccio he fell apart in the
basket a beauty of the Buddha chest we
say he perhaps it in Jupiter and calmer
purpose of Jesus style his bitch basic
apologies capital G with such a lotta
Lotta who school training to the movie
Anan Kumar's brother Pranav is the
manager of super 30 competition for the
school is so intense that the candidates
bring photo IDs imposters have been
known to sit the exam
pretty much a collision super miss great
thing happy but nails very question lies
man who's gonna offer me HEPA the Libya
if you are now more all on the systemic
media
I no longer taste aura he seemed a
number God Harper overall second aslam
long to stop for the a financial
background acting or donaga decade
hello finalists were not a lower-income
kilowatt entities at here yet you swing
him pure hope I toasted our local
villager pneumonia Tito capita
government but I need a bike you see I
see the entire class all about facility
seller and I do have many pelicans come
as a result Allah IIT were English keiki
super thirties and you not last word
last Belize I added and I had Anan
Kumar's
in the Indian capital Delhi some of last
year's super 30 are now at IIT Madras
Ahmad kabocha do kabhi soch Banacek tapa
de schemata pitas mochi be nice
aesthetic a hamara beta walter top
techno techno cross manager wall curse
of supported cheating linear bondage ARA
sub cinemasins familiarity maria luisa
parka hibachi agita hey ro ha IL t MF
necklace mascota high or low VOC watch
Ambedkar attach here Marley subsidies we
take chemical meaning Amira first year
this is all my super hot diggety silica
back in Patna IIT has almost legendary
status some coaching schools even
advertise their students rankings in the
entrance exam and everyone's cashing in
except anand Kumar because the students
who make it into super 30 pay nothing
for their tuitions board or lodging its
wholly subsidized by Anand other project
the ram anujan school of mathematics fun
I am a coffee manager topper take some
case on five to seven every ruining my
profit on but choco mathematics or Rojas
famous unclear Tamaki Sequoia eternally
in a little Art Expo sorry offer a
sarkari gasser curry desi beat a civic I
offer I'm back America he Sequoia Hatton
Alito where some cousin profit off and
create curtain or see Kolkata 2x - y
demand is high and the classes are huge
700 or more yet the fees are long so
anons an unwelcome competitor for some
of the other schools free of cost Joker
a year but brutal porcini lefty Joe per
every pooja Patti hey one cake la
factura CF young - its Kelly attack ego
threat that era - Tom kill eternity
who's Tom kiss a but Nikoli tentative
instructional at parties oh he aimed
hello alcoholics in school our upper
arms is all carita the East Coast is all
critical the total lack of just minute
legate in booth but here's our heads
Anant Kumar has received so many death
threats that these days he never goes
anywhere without his bodyguards
such is the reality of life in Bihar the
village of dear Callie two hours drive
from Patna even today the Harz
countryside is home to nine tenths of
its people Satyendra Prasad Singh has
lived here all his life makan
homogeneous appearances da da da da
seven he perdido Balkan who him a
kangaroo
surah surah Hajj birthday birthday
birthday birthday trataba if kita or
Abajo to Bharata
separatism it has marked about the
Hohokam the family is divided Satyendra
is here with his mother his wife lives
mostly in her own village
her family's better off while Satyendra
often struggles to survive in a second
her party he taught me that I can carry
canopy new partner economic had made her
the Solidarity I went out her ka- perahu
yeah but Satyendra circumstances are
soon improve his hopes are invested in
his son alak he's been studying in Patna
and has just been accepted for super
34:13 a select okay I'm so taking pains
of home colonies and the thinking man's
coming over Thibault lucky a core test
over I'm so sick you okay buddy just
comedy
but some amiibo vesicant oekaki Corolla
that's nothing like most village
children
Alex spent his entire life speaking
Hindi since moving to Patna he's had to
study in English in Division one as a
fella who didn't take some as many as a
class maybe Jeff la-di-da someone ran a
legato italic I heard that a PSR appear
to cinema the haluska parts are put in
here casa mil√† I mean look at operetta
see the Buddha thought of Herkimer
auditor these days
Alec only rarely goes home his road to
the future leads away from the village
kvitko visited etapa Tajikistan big art
attend
I've even locked a key takeaway he
lacked a key on eBay may not be that
occurring your result to be a choker a
bit impetuous kappa honey girl ear
licking up the road para gotta be katana
he's a mean hello cocky little a cattle
RK the meanwhile are covered
Hindus in Bihar still live in a
hierarchy of castes many have the jobs
traditionally associated with their
caste like the Dobies or washerman who
do partners laundry they're among the
lowest groups known as the Scheduled
Castes
a new society similar mayor Tom Hardy
Attica me madly passing - madam Allah
give you full budget but he any Daniel
city bought - or MATLAB keep it my
family but birth is no longer destiny
even in Bihar education is often the key
this family is still poor but they're on
the way up
jo - is the youngest of three sons like
a look he's taken Ananse classes and has
been accepted for super 30 even so it's
not easy
mara bottomless is Sapna Callahan do you
see my Aunt Mary but if such as
motorboat he was keeper Timmy a guru who
mean kamatovik shamatari engineer curry
- whose per investment for a man who
used to motor vehicle model simple son
commander baton salary similarly a
possible name was AK there the family
had to borrow money even to pay the low
fees of the ram anujan school
today the students are making their way
to the ram anujan school those coming
from remote villages may have to travel
for days
Joe thishas journey is only across Patna
but it will take him into a different
world
the rooms are basic but cost the boys
nothing this is where Joe dish will
spend much of the next seven months like
the accommodation food is also free for
the super 30 each has two Tiffin boxes
the typically Indian containers in which
they'll be given their meals up with an
adult if in rock Nopalea ikhbariya pia
channel is a yoga or across villager you
or taste lockberg does ambassador over
veto rights Olivia our hostel McCoy
Ducato Connie ranima to hear the
original in-service a year take Malaga
for a year men support article MOOC used
a seminar main team hello Yankee a
Plutarco Joe homily the hydrophilic II
agree with a charity argument behind a
nickel player who has a source of
inspiration millimeter
Susheela meanwhile has been wait-listed
for super 30 she didn't do quite well
enough in the second exam appreciative
Allah give me a preselection meanwhile
over the precipice of fear so sickening
the aim limit me fear Papago bullet Bob
Ollinger a Casanova key to my level is
ability to her to marry most Iraqis
she's taking on art classes and still
hopes to get in if she fails this may be
the end of her education pop erotica
super Idol selection a lotta dough to me
happy Fionna Fionna you got two haploid
sonically the money manila taking a
superlative name would you like to name
me the proudest Pillai discontinuity
Lamia Tamara come any Pakistani Papa may
break apart in there because the deeply
conservative society it isn't easy to
change people's attitudes quicker giving
me to move the car alarm Eudora chalak a
hollow man like Nagar if isn't here
the Kumar brothers also want to help
those coming from the Scheduled Castes
and will even discriminate in their
favor
duties Alok agile the yellow
reservations and he look a special class
level sushi lobby
lordy Bulgaria Russia Miss Kitty crab
I'm Luke chat to see better lurking blue
monkey past he'll look into economically
both a cheetah's aunty if the
temperature like an impure Tom like
Atticus fun as a boy
Anant Kumar was a mathematical prodigy
he was accepted for a PhD at Cambridge
but couldn't afford to study in England
he set up the Ramanujan's school and
then super 30 to give other gifted
children a better chance actress if they
care to me of my career come mathematics
may pursue Quran like in bath Dothraki
both he bora research scholar Kate or /
- hiccup aru kara newscast pasta keep a
secure home a McCambridge nija paya
yemen Regent Latinos Kelly a coach in
taki baat nahi nahi per oggi diri diri
is TT me Lana Chatham of Ngapuhi are he
Buddha Chama whole paddock
there is no words to describe the
pleasure of mathematics it is filling so
uphill consecutive scoop on Archie Moses
car Gale Boetticher Lecter is coach
avocado taco job McWeeny so Alban otaku
or so al bara peachy da Jota lakipo hood
market Chabad diri diri diri diri so
algebra at Omaha
today is Republic Day a major event in
India's national calendar a by Anand is
the second most senior police officer in
Bihar he's on his way to the parade
ground here in Patna every state capital
we have ceremonial parade
it's a very important day for the entire
country which includes policemen
mobile displays show off aspects of life
in Bihar
today is also the festival of Saraswati
the Hindu goddess of learning as a
teacher Anant Kumar has come to pay his
respects
it's a public holiday
so all India schools are closed except
the Ramanuja school where it's a day
like any other
the parade's now over and abuyin on
switched his role as well as his uniform
because this top cop spends his free
time teaching physics to the super 30
strengths have to be sustained
weaknesses have to be identified and
strengthened a pionen joined the school
shortly after it was founded by anand
Kumar
Ramanuja a school of mathematics yellow
figurehead figure here pahala home
lavaca up near student life engine from
local Otter Tail Gustav Anika needed a
car scrum cast our vote Agha
avianna Angie physics for Hanukkah leta
Yahoo a hood Diamond our officer bahar
my hair
Johnny's are temporary days making umber
of a circle of modernity
both were straight a universe to talk
about you'd be cut in time may be
automatically calculated but Jo copper
Xavier or Sasha savvy Bahati abhiyaan
owns day job makes him responsible for
90,000 policemen he comes from one of
bihar's best-known upper caste families
they have a long tradition of public
service I wanted to give back that's the
main thing
and all my activities hover around that
theme I've got so much
I have no gums about not having had
enough in life I've had enough I'm
satisfied I could have given back only
things which I have this is the best
that I had Anand Kumar's background is
very different he still lives in the
rough part of town where he grew up he
has a nice house but he's protected by
Yeats a dog and his bodyguards with good
reason given the power of the Patna
Mafia kidnappings do take place at times
murders due to jealous reasons somewhat
peculiar to this region
it does take this it does happen you get
calls security concerns cannot be gone
