in the five years of his papacy Pope
Francis has stressed time and again
Christianity's mission to welcome the
vulnerable and the marginalized and on
Sunday at this mass and Sint Peter's
Basilica to mark the world day of
migrants Pope Francis invited refugees
asylum seekers newly arrived immigrants
and their families to join him in prayer
to celebrate this special day
highlighting the fear and suspicion that
has so often blighted the lives of those
looking for a new start monetarily a
volte local communities are sometimes
afraid that the newly arrived will
disturb the established order will take
away from what has been long labored to
build up and the newly arrived will also
have fears they are afraid of
confrontation judgment discrimination
and failure these fears are legitimate
having doubts and fears is not a sin the
sin is to allow those fears to feed
hostility and rejection Pope Francis is
speaking out at a time when wealthy
Western countries are tightening their
borders even though there are more
displaced people on the move than ever
before the address by the Pope is
important for two main reasons the first
is that we've seen all too few world
leaders willing to stand up for refugees
in fact I've seen quite the opposite
over the the course of the last two
years we've seen a hardening of
anti-refugee rhetoric which the the Pope
references in his address
Pope Francis leaves on Monday for a
week-long visit to Peru and Chile he'll
be taking his message of compassion for
the uprooted people of the world along
with him
and in Malaga in Spain on Sunday the
latest reminder that this crisis is not
going away there's another hundred and
nine migrants from Morocco including
nine pregnant women and 16 children were
bought ashore Peter sharp al Jazeera
