it's hard to imagine just a week ago
Holmes stood here this is a neighborhood
on the outskirts of Kinshasa when
floodwaters came gushing down from a
nearby river many people didn't even
have a chance to rescue their loved ones
and belongings mon salicylate shows me
what remains of the two-bedroom house he
shared with his wife and three children
he says he knows he should take his
family to hire safer ground but they are
still here despite the obvious danger
I am afraid because he's still leaning
but I don't have any money to move them
we got no help from anyone moving from
here means renting a house the rains are
expected to continue for the next three
months and this means more trouble for a
country that is facing a cholera
outbreak the worst in two decades
about a thousand people have died since
last year more than 50,000 from across
the country have so far been affected
the government has declared cholera a
national emergency and set up treatment
centers the government has set up this
facility here in Kaluga the most
affected area in the city we are not
allowed to go to the wards where the
patients are because of the nature of
the disease since November at least 30
people mostly children have died in
Kinshasa alone
cholera is highly infectious also easy
to treat if detected early but with the
poor health system and financial
problems
doctors are overwhelmed a government
international appeal for eight million
dollars has not helped less than two
million has been raised Intel employer
only few countries in Africa can deal
with the situation like this by
themselves this is why the government
launched an appeal for help in November
and declared cholera
a national disaster so here health with
his focus on prevention talking to
anyone they can about the importance of
good hygiene and visiting centers
like this one oddly enough they're
preparing themselves for more difficult
times ahead in this rainy season
