protesters gathering outside at the
house of a head to Mimi and there's
really two messages that they want to
impart the first is to the Palestinian
leadership they want a determined
nonviolent resistance movement the other
of course is to the Israelis that the
Tamimi family Nabi Saleh this whole area
will not be bowed will not be broken and
that they should release both the mother
and I had to be me
as soon as they can now this is a head
of a court appearance taking place offer
on Monday now we've been speaking to
Palestinians here this is what they've
had to say the external message to the
Israeli right-wing government
Palestinians are united behind
behind her passion behind her resistance
we are all here in Abu Salah from all
over West Bank to include more
Palestinian people to this program and
is not alone Tamimi family is not alone
Nabi Saleh has not alone in the other
hand we ask our friends all over the
world to show a bitter solidarity and to
start really with a concrete action to
isolate Israel and increase the cost of
occupation on the Israelis I want to
tell the Israelis we as Palestinian
people and Palestinian children we will
continue to defend Palestine we will get
acts of mosque and Jerusalem back and we
will make Jerusalem the eternal capital
for Palestine pouring tear gas canisters
into the crowd to push them back now
this was a peaceful protest the
protesters are now very angry and the
Israeli army are using as much t gas as
they can to push them back
