Donald Trump extends the Iran nuclear
agreement but warns the US will withdraw
if changes are not made but can this
deal be renegotiated and why is Trump
adamantly against it this is inside
story
hello there and welcome to the program
I'm Laura Kyle this is a last chance
that is the message US president Donald
Trump has sent out after extending
sanctions relief to Iran
Trump has aggressively warned European
allies he would withdraw from the 2015
nuclear agreement altogether if his
demands to change it and not met Trump
has publicly branded the deal before and
during his presidency as the worst ever
Iran says an announcement is a desperate
attempt to undermine a solid
multilateral agreement that is not
renegotiating leaders who have
essentially said to trump either back
the deal will come up with a better one
I'll get to our guest in just a moment
but first they invest Rafi spoke to
people on the streets of Tehran and sent
this report
nearly two and a half years after the
nuclear deal was signed many Iranians
say they haven't seen any real benefits
and that president Hassan rouhani
promised more than he could deliver the
nuclear deal have had no impact at all
in my life the price of rice has doubles
meat is expensive you pay millions in
rent meanwhile the children of officials
sleep like the people don't exist money
didn't go to my pocket or to the pocket
of the woman selling things on the
street or to old people but some are
still willing to stand by their
President rouhani is doing his best of
course there are some problems in the
country sanctions pressure from abroad
naturally it impacts livelihoods and the
economic situation but if we just blame
the President and say he is the one who
has to do something
of course he cannot we should stand next
to him cooperate with him and tolerate
the situation the nuclear deal had some
success the lifting of sanctions let
Iran sell oil again freely on the
international market exports are up to
more than two million barrels a day but
gains have been overshadowed by US
President Donald Trump's aggressive
stance towards Iran every few months the
Iranian nuclear deal is thrown into
chaos and managing that political
turmoil takes up so much of the Iranian
government's time that there isn't a lot
of room left for public discourse about
much else trump has created so much
uncertainty about the nuclear deal that
Iranians say it's been as harmful as
sanctions that the deal was meant to
lift many people are frustrated that
foreign investors are too scared to come
to Iran and the value of their currency
keeps falling all right Trump is a
person who has a psychological problem
his opinions have no balance on any
issue is always changing his mind and
for me as an Iranian and for most
Iranians it doesn't matter if the u.s.
pulls out of the deal as long as
European countries cooperate with us we
will stay in the deal summer aliens
don't care about the nuclear deal at all
and say they simply want to get on with
their lives I just want to make people
happy that's it and I don't care about
anything else making people happy is a
kind of art
and I'm not interested in these kinds of
nuclear conversations Iran's government
says it's ready to deal with any
scenario so - it seems are its people
Zane Bosch Ravi al-jazeera Tehran let's
take a closer look at the Iran deal it's
a landmark agreement signed between
Tehran and six global powers the US UK
Germany France Russia and China Iran
agreed to reduce its enrichment of
uranium eliminate enriched uranium
stockpiles and modify a water facility
so it can't produce materials suitable
for a nuclear bomb in return decades of
international and US sanctions have been
suspended and the US president has to
sign a waiver every 120 days to keep
suspending the American side of those
sanctions Trump is now demanding the
deal include other weapons programs and
toughest sanctions he also wants to
remove a clause that allows Iran to
enrich uranium after the year 2025 while
turning to our guests now and joining us
from Tehran said Mustafa kocham a
political commentator and specialist on
a run in domestic affairs in London Elie
Jeremiah a policy fellow with the
European Council on Foreign Relations
and the author of the book engaging with
Iran a European agenda and in Washington
DC a leave is a senior Iran analyst with
the International Crisis Group a warm
welcome to all of you and he let me
start with you because Trump has thrown
the ball now to Europe
how is Europe going to keep this deal
alive
well the European parties to this deal
several days ago had a very important
meeting in Brussels where they came out
with a unified message that they are
going to remain committed to this deal
and that importantly so long as Iran
carries on its part of the bargain they
will do their best to deliver on the
deal as it was envisaged originally now
I think everyone in Europe understands
that acknowledges it's going to be very
difficult to keep the deal going if the
it√≠d states backtracks so their effort
for the next four months which is this
deadline that their closest ally in the
US has issued to them their main efforts
are going to be to keep the US
administration on board with the deal
and find some sort of a solution that
accommodates both Iran's needs and the
US needs but if need be very need to
also consider contingency plans to keep
this deal together
absent the United States so just to be
clear there they're going to spend the
next hundred and twenty days trying to
keep the u.s. onside rather than as
Trump once renegotiating the deal with
Iran
well the Europeans made very clear in
Brussels and they have been consistently
making it clear to the US president
since October when he D certified the
nuclear deal that this deal is not up
for renegotiation there has been a
possible space and suggestion given to
doing some side agreements with Iran
that addressed some of those areas where
President Trump seems to be most fixated
on which is missiles programs and the
issue of social so called sunset clauses
but before the Europeans can even
consider that they need the full
commitment of the u.s. to this nuclear
agreement I think their priority for now
will be to keep the u.s. on board but at
the same time in parallel they should be
looking at contingency plans whereby
they can offer Iran a p4 plus one deal
that keeps the obligations in place on
both sides
okay well we'll look at that people plus
one idea just a little later in the
program first those want to go over to
Ally and see how difficult it's going to
be to keep Trump onside in the deal with
the Europeans as it stands I mean how
close was he to walking away from it
look I think the administration has in
fact committed a mistake by coming out
with a set of maximalist demands to
impose on the Europeans and others in a
very short period of time in hundred and
twenty days remember this deal took more
than 13 years of a nuclear standoff and
two and a half years of very intense
negotiations to arrive at a very
delicately balanced
agreement and now the president wants to
basically impose a set of maximalist
demands on everybody else and
interestingly during the past two months
that some of these measures and
provisions that the president has in
mind were being debated in Congress both
the Europeans and the Democrats in
Congress had made it clear to the
administration that these measures like
extending some of the restrictions on
Iran's nuclear program forever or tying
the missile ballistic missile program of
Iran to the nuclear issue are
non-starters and these are considered
violations of the jcpoa so I think there
is no chance whatsoever that there would
be progress by the next deadline on May
12th as I said is Iran at all interested
in finding a way of keeping Trump of
keeping the u.s. in this deal known Iran
has been complying you know with all its
undertakings ever since the deal was a
struck this has been the United States
that has been defying its undertakings
ever since it started I mean at a time
of Obama he didn't stand up to the
changes in the visa waiver program also
he never stood up to the Congress when
they are you know reimpose the Iran
sanctions Act so Iran has been in full
compliance or whether its undertakings
but it has not received anything in the
meantime there are many in Tehran who
even foresaw Trump's ultimatum in
January since last summer they knew that
Trump would go for this way because this
is Trump's strategy but there is nothing
in that for Trump to drop the deal you
know when Iran has been in full
compliance the United States you know
that has not lost anything at least it
has removed you know some parts of the
sanctions and paper but not in action
and they don't have any replacement if
they are really honest about Iran's true
intentions for developing a nuclear or
program they don't have any replacement
for this deal
in the meantime reimposing the old
sanctions would not bring anything to
Donald Trump but global condemnation
because right now they have already
enforced a second generation of smarter
sanctions against Iran and they are
already working on version two and a
half so all focusing on the first
generation would not do them much you
know and it would not bring Donald Trump
any more credit so basically there are
many people here who do not see this
threat very alive and you know
creditable okay Ellie it's just that is
that the view this echoed in Europe that
it will not do any good for the US to
back off either to the u.s. to Iran and
to the rest of the world certainly I
think the Europeans see this deal as
really for the benefit of global
security and regional security in the
Middle East and so they have repeatedly
made that position clear and also said
as the UK foreign minister said recently
that those who have been opposed to it
have no better alternative to put on the
table now from the European side they
are very concerned about what the US
president does because if the US were to
actually go all the way and terminate
the deal and snapback the sanctions that
would have a huge impact on the ability
of European companies as things
currently stand to do what is legitimate
within the EU laws to do business with
Iran so it does have a big impact on
Europe okay yeah that's that was gonna
be my next question if the US does pull
out can Europe stay the course I mean
you know can we not keep going without
the u.s. the u.s. is isolating itself it
can't rest the world carry on certainly
since President trumps even election
back in November 2016 given his position
on the deal there has been work quietly
happening behind the scenes of you know
wire what are Europe's options really if
the US does terminate its obligations
under the nuclear agreement there are
some thoughts but in place organizations
like myself and I
see where Olivia's works we've been
looking at different types of mechanisms
whereby Europe can have a contingency
plan and that would really be based on
giving Iran an economic package together
with Russia and China the other support
is to this nuclear agreement whereby
there can be some sort of economic
benefit given to Iran absent the United
States now for that to work the heart of
this debate will really fall on whether
the European governments can forcefully
and effectively ring-fence and protect
their companies from the enforcement of
US secondary sanctions and that's where
the debate is going to fall okay well
just to throw it back to Iran for a
moment what does Tehran think of that
contingency plan is that a discussion
that's going on in government circles
right now well you know as regards to
Iran Tehran has you know stressed that
it would not go for extending the deal
or after the sunset clauses and after
it's expiration it would not also
discuss its missile and regional powers
but that was a very correct point that
my colleague was making in Europe
Europeans have so far shown political
support for this deal but that's not
enough although it was necessary when
the time arrives if it arrives when the
u.s. really imposes sanctions or you
know forces Europeans to you know comply
with the CATSA sanctions then Iran is
waiting to see if Europeans would
protect these companies in dealings and
transactions with Tehran so practical
steps are needed to be taken by
Europeans to protect their companies and
that's exactly you know the yardstick in
this standard and the real action that
Iran is waiting to see to decide about
the future of the deal if not Iran would
surely you know drop out of the deal
because that would mean the Europe the
European companies and countries would
you know comply with the secondary
sanctions of the United States and the
deal is gone if they take action sure
Iran would go along with the Europeans
two points there that side mentioned the
ballistic missiles program and the
sunset clause which allows Iran to
return to enriching uranium in 2025
these are the two points are they that
Trump is particularly upset about and
that he calls that makes him call it the
worst deal ever but is he alone in the
US administration in thinking this or
how much of the White House supports him
in this move no he's not alone there are
a lot of concerns about Iran's ballistic
missile program even in Europe and even
some Democrats who voted for the nuclear
deal are concerned about the outer years
of the agreement when some of the
restrictions start fading away but you
know if the objective was to renegotiate
or negotiate a supplemental agreement
that would come into force after the
jcpoa expires then the administration
should have adopted a completely
different strategy it should have
implemented this agreement in good faith
and worked with its allies to try to
come up to whether would a follow-on
agreement the problem is this
administration turned every milestone in
implementation of the jcpoa into an
uncertainty generator which has really
alienated the Europeans and totally
evaporated any amount of trust that was
built during the nuclear negotiations
with the Iranians and if you look at its
approach at the moment is not really
talking about another multilateral
negotiation with the Iranians the
Russian the Chinese and the Europeans is
talking about Congress changing u.s.
domestic law to basically unilaterally
alter a multilateral agreement which
really amounts to a violation of the
jcpoa and the president is basically
telling the rest of the world you either
join me in violating this deal or I will
do it alone
and I think under these circumstances
the Europeans and the Iranians have much
more to lose if the deal falls apart
than to try to salvage whatever of the
deal remains if the u.s. withdraws from
it and and try to wait until cooler
heads prevail in Washington
just a little sidebar Ali why does the
US have this sanctions waiver that must
be signed every 120 days I mean it
really does make the deal vulnerable
look these are sanctions that were put
in place by Congress and because most of
these were enacted when a Democratic
president was in office the
republican-dominated Congress didn't
trust that the president would be tough
enough on Iran and wanted to have a
regular way of monitoring and
supervising the enforcement of sanctions
and making sure that the president
doesn't give too much to the Iranians no
one I think imagined that we would be in
a situation that there is a president in
the White House who can't be trusted by
the rest of the world and one of the
things that Congress considered was to
actually reduce this burden of very
regular frequent certification of the
nuclear deal by the Trump administration
but again the problem is the
administration has put the bar so high
that it's almost impossible to be
reached okay Elia what are we hearing
from other partners China and Russia
about this well the Russians have been
quite vocal in the aftermath of
President Trump's statements to say that
these were deeply unhelpful China has
been relatively quiet in recent weeks
but it has also publicly and privately
made its position clear that it supports
the nuclear agreement and and continued
implementation on both sides and you
know it will be very important for
Europe to try and actively work with
Russia and China despite other problems
that it has with both of these countries
to try and find a way to salvage this
deal and also keep the United States on
board mmm aside let's just take a brief
look at these protests that have been
going on recently in Iran because they
have affected people's perceptions of
the country and its current climate
people have been angry there because
they haven't seen their standard of
living increased despite a number of
years now of sanctions being lifted
people on the street are not feeling
their lives and proved Iran as we heard
in Danes package is now able to sell 2
million barrels of oil a day so where is
that money going well unfortunately when
I said the United sis has been defined
you know its undertakings under the deal
one part pertain to the same fact that
Iran could sell oil but still the Swift
doesn't work and Iran cannot you know
bring back the money to Iran to home and
they are going for swapping currency
deals as well as barter trade and many
other ways to bypass these sanctions and
the u.s. doesn't allow even to foreign
embassies like the South Korean embassy
to use the banking ties in order to you
know budget their activities are in
operations in Iran and that's a major
problem people now have come to realize
that the u.s. is not an honest you know
actor in the deal and that's why many
are opposing I mean the public opinion
as well as politicians in in here from
across the camps about they are they
believe that Iran should no more
powerful go for any other deal with the
West because the results are already
clear that's why even if I have to mend
my answer to the first you know to the
last question that even if Europeans
protect their companies and and remain
committed to the deal away from the
United States so if they drop the deal I
mean in Washington Iran would go on with
Europeans but there might be some
changes small changes Iran has four
options available under such cases and
it's not yet clear which option you
would take what mrs. Zarif the Foreign
Minister has already stated is that you
know would not abrogate the deal and but
it might you know or choose from the
other three options that it has like you
know modifying some of its undertakings
under the deal all this is the result of
the change in the public opinion towards
our
with the United States and the behavior
of the United States because I know we
are short of time but let me explain
this a little bit in and outside Iran
the thought that the United States is
trying to you know go for talks in order
to resolve the differences with Iran but
now they have come to realize that the
United States has not been after
resolving differences it's only been
trying to contain Iran's components of
power so they have come to realize this
much better and there are true or there
are some protests about economy but
riots are completely different we're
short of time I cannot explain about
that I know okay no but this could we
get a good sense of the situation there
in Tehran and the idea of how Iranians
think towards this and towards the u.s.
I'm wondering Ellie whether there is a
common ground here that can be found
between Trump witchers Ali says is very
maximalist and Tehran is there a deal
that could satisfy both sides her well I
think here the European position becomes
more critical than ever in trying to
bridge these growing tensions between
Washington and Tehran I think that if
2017 was the year where Europeans spent
trying to figure out if President Trump
is on board and if the deal sustains
itself in its current fashion 2018 has
to be about Europeans proactively fixing
some of the problems to do with the
current implementation of the deal and
that includes opening up some of the
channels for economic engagement with
Iran that should exist as envisaged by
the nuclear deal but hasn't been able to
be forthcoming and part of that is
really the banking and financial sector
connections that is very critical for
Iran to meet its goals for job creation
for for a foreign investment that will
be critical to some of President
rouhani's economic policies and Europe
with his economic market can have a big
role to play in that and at the same
time do you think that the Europeans and
President Emmanuel macron of France has
made this very clear will also be
looking to very robustly engage in our
everyone on other issues about sound and
concern Oh quickly on the region Ally
just in the last minute that we have
four months from now
do you think we're gonna see Trump again
threatening to kill this deal look this
president if there is one thing that is
certain about him is that he's totally
unpredictable but I really think the
administration's logic here doesn't work
because it says it's priority is to
prevent Iran from developing a nuclear
weapon it admits that there is a nuclear
deal in place that has put a lid on
Iran's nuclear program and Iran is fully
committed to its obligations under there
and that deal and it's still doing
everything in its power to undermine
that agreement
okay very interesting indeed to hear
from all of you thanks very much two
side Mustapha Kochi sham le jeremiah and
Ali Fez and thank you too for watching
you can see the program again any time
by visiting our website that's
aljazeera.com and for further discussion
do go to our Facebook page that's
facebook.com slash AJ inside story you'd
also join the conversation on Twitter a
handle is at AJ inside story from me
Laura Kyle and the whole team here it's
bye for now
you
you
