conflicts flaring up in the Middle East
have dominated the first day of the
gathering of world leaders and the
United Nations General Assembly it's
been more than 15 months since the start
of the sea land and air blockade imposed
by Saudi Arabia UAE Bahrain and Egypt on
Qatar but it's Emir remains defiant
Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad al-thani
warned against further instability of
the impasse continues well haqiqa to a
nominal rate of Cabiria and it is not
reasonable that different views about
how to handle regional issues should
paralyze the effectiveness of an
important regional organization like the
Gulf Cooperation Council the blockade
has harmed the reputation of the GCC
countries when the GCC's paralysis has
reflected negatively on its work towards
regional and global issues Syria was
also on the agenda Turkey and Russia
have recently made a deal to prevent a
major assault by Russia and the Syrian
army to retake adlib the rebels last
stronghold recently we signed an
agreement with Russia called a such a
agreement we have prevented the regime's
bloody assaults against the
de-escalation area in the inlet province
where three and a half million civilians
live everyone blamed the international
community for backtracking on pledges to
provide billions of dollars to the 3 and
1/2 million Syrian refugees living in
Turkey but it's the elusive peace
between the Israelis and the
Palestinians but continues to feed anger
in the region the Trump administration
is working on a new deal but leaders in
the region are skeptical and what could
possibly be the future of what some
proposed a single by a national stage
whose very foundation is a rejection of
the Equality of its own people that's
the ugly undemocratic reality
of the one-state idea the United Nations
annual gathering is a crucial platform
for leaders to defend their policies
Egyptian president of the Fatah has c.c.
said the priority now should be the
fight against armed groups and building
strong nation-states to prevent chaos in
the region while a Shaka well a Shaka
and El Monte Hotel Arabiya there is no
doubt that the Arab region is one of the
most vulnerable to the dangers of
nation-state disintegration this often
creates a fertile environment for
terrorism and sectarian conflicts
preserving and reforming the foundations
of the state
is a fundamental priority of egypt's
foreign policy in the arab region assisi
has said his country was committed to
consolidating human rights but
international human rights organizations
blame Egyptian authorities for clamping
down on dissent the Middle East is home
to some of the world's biggest oil and
natural gas producers and this explains
why it remains strategically important
for global peace and prosperity but the
region is marked by violence Wars
sectarian divides and attacks by al
Qaeda and ISIL affiliated groups
challenges world leaders meeting here a
view and fear may take long to solve
Haji Baba al jazeera
New York
