Catholic faithful in Kinshasa hold mass
for people killed by police in recent
political unrest the charge had called
for protests on New Year's Eve after the
expiry of a political deal between the
ruling party and opposition signed in
2016 when the presidential election
failed to happen the politicians had
agreed to hold the poor last December
that did not happen either the deal had
been brokered by the Catholic Church we
are shocked and ashamed by the death of
our brethren
it shows a responsibility disorder and
brutality of our society these are a
victim of our desire to hang on to power
at a cemetery a distance away Fatah kita
Sheikh and his friends carry his
father's body for burial Joseph's attack
was a staunch Catholic they say he tried
to seek refuge in the church police kept
shooting
Eamonn Ennis the life of everyone being
is secured it's the responsibility of
the government to protect all people he
was one of more than 40 million
Catholics in the country that's more
than half the population with such a big
following many people feel that the
church has a power to push harder for
political change many Congolese are
increasingly looking towards the
Catholic Church for guidance in this
difficult political times they hope that
the tough position has been taken by the
church there's going to put more
pressure on the Electoral Commission to
organize a credible election without
delays and on President Kabila
to peacefully step down but some
political analysts say by organizing
street protests the Catholic Church has
overstepped its role and somewhat lost
its neutrality what I expected her to do
is to continue to denounce this regime
to denounce this government and say it
maybe strongly and frequently and follow
up and hopefully that may lead to some
momentum that will galvanize the
Congolese and lead to a real revolution
by the people not by the church
President Joseph Kabila Stamm ended a
year ago and the Electoral Commission
has since failed to organize an election
citing logistical security and financial
problems the opposition on the other
hand has been weakened by internal
wrangles most people in the Democratic
Republic of Congo like those who are
bearing Joseph attackee say they're
angry and frustrated catherine sorry al
jazeera Kinshasa
