these men are surveying a site they
manage they think of themselves as
property developers of sorts this is
what they call phase one of a land
invasion more than ten thousand shacks
they say they're tired of waiting for
the ANC to give them land there was
support when they were taking over from
the abided government they were supposed
to change the constitution but they
never landed but they were keeping on
promising promising promising but not
deliver now we are saying enough is
enough one of the main reasons the ANC
was formed in 1912 was because black
Africans were losing their land often
being forcibly removed from it more than
a century later most of the best land in
South Africa remains in the hands of a
few thousand mostly white commercial
farmers after 23 years in power the
ANC's only managed to return a fraction
of the land to black people the latest
research suggests about 20 percent that
makes land a defining issue and one the
ANC thinks it may be able to solve if it
changes the Constitution allowing it to
take land without giving compensation
but the ANC says it won't go ahead with
the change if it will hurt the food
supply then click can't see how that's
possible
he's been representing farmers and talks
with the ANC and says many people like
him are committed to returning land to
black people do we want to work with
government and we have funding models
and we extend property rights to new
farmers we can actually make much much
faster progress if we work together I
have not lost hope
in terms of land reform in any way but
from an economic point of view there are
concerns over how changes to the
Constitution will impact farmers if
you'd appropriate without compensation
they would not be able to service their
debts all that practically all their
debt or at least 75% of their duties
collateralized through the value of the
land so that they would default on those
loans that they have with the banks but
these men believe the debt owed to them
and their people is far more important
the ANC government may have been too
slow to help them but
that speeds up the transfer of land into
the hands of black people it could
dramatically change the face of land
ownership in South Africa Tonya page al
Jazeera Johannesburg
