they're calling for justice for zeyneb
the girl whose body was found in a dump
on Tuesday four days after she went
missing in a district south of the whore
protests have since broke out in several
cities in Pakistan some of them turning
violent there were funerals on Thursday
for two men killed in the city of
Peshawar an enraged crowd stormed a
police station officers responded by
firing live rounds on demonstrators law
enforcement is being blamed here Zeynep
father says the police did not act fast
enough when his daughter went missing
last week the local police chief has
been sacked for negligence related to
the case if the culprits in earlier rape
and murder cases had been caught and
punished then this incident would never
have happened if they had been given
exemplary punishments people's daughters
would have been safe today 11 other
child murders have been reported in the
area in recent months and in 2015
Kassar district was at the center of a
child sexual abuse scandal a number of
suspects were arrested accused of
blackmailing scores of children into
making sex videos the figures of child
sexual abuse child rape child sodomy
child murders has soared in the past
three to four years in the district of
the sword and it seems to me that there
is an element of pedophilia of gangs and
rings police say they're still
investigating leads in Zainab's murder
and have interrogated 227 people in
connection with the case the number one
suspect the man seen here on the
security camera with zeyneb it's the
last time she was seen alive
diana kerim al-jazeera
