the day after disaster struck montecito
mud and storm water covered highway 101
the main road connecting Los Angeles and
Santa Barbara work crews in heavy trucks
fire engines and police cars were the
only vehicles plying the normally busy
highway which could now remain closed
for days the force of Tuesday's
mudslides smashed metal barriers and
swept cars downstream from the canyons
above residents described a terrifying
night of pouring rain and roaring flood
the sound was boulders and huge boulders
because after storms like this you can
go down the creek and there's boulders
the size of Volkswagens left bet cliff
behind 80 year-old bernard sandler and
his wife tried to walk to a pharmacy to
get his heart medicine but they got
stuck in thick unyielding mud two hours
later was still standing up to our
middle of our thighs and mud and my wife
almost fell into it I thought she would
die and I actually been married 57 years
this month I thought I was older and I
really felt that we were gonna make that
alive many of the roads in the narrow
canyons around this area are so badly
damaged the only way to rescue stranded
residents is by helicopter a u.s. Coast
Guard Jayhawk helicopter rescued a
marooned family of five including a
newborn baby and two pet dogs on
Wednesday afternoon local authorities
gave an update we realized that this is
going to be a long and difficult journey
for all of us and for our community we
ask for your patience we ask for your
understanding and I ask you for your
prayers people here have lived through
nature's one-two punch first wildfires
then floods Californians are
they've seen it all that's an attitude
that will no doubt be valuable in the
days ahead as the cleanup continues Rob
Reynolds al Jazeera Montecito California
