for the first time the N Mars military
has admitted wrongdoing in its crackdown
on the revenge of community a statement
posted on the Facebook page of the
military's commander in chief said
troops and Buddhist villagers murdered
10r a hinge of Muslims in reclined state
calling the dead Bengali terrorists it
said the army will take action against
those involved the bodies were found in
a mass grave in the village of Ind in
the one thing to note about the the
statements on the commander-in-chief's
Facebook page is what it doesn't admit
which is that this incident is not an
isolated incident that in fact we at
Amnesty the UN and media outlets around
the world have documented how there's a
much wider pattern of killings of sexual
violence and the burning of Ranger
villages across Rakhine State and so we
need to see justice and accountability
for this enormous range of crimes and
not a pretense that there's really just
you know one or few isolated incidents
the announcement comes two months after
the military issued the findings of an
internal investigation into its security
forces following attacks by rear-engine
rebels in August the military concluded
no atrocities had taken place the United
Nations has been prevented by the
government from undertaking its own
investigation into what happened inside
recon state during August and September
when an estimated 650,000 people fled to
neighboring Bangladesh the UN has called
Myanmar's actions in Rakhine textbook
ethnic cleansing a charge the government
denies even with this reversal of its
own findings the military will face
increased international pressure to
allow independent observers and
investigators into Rakhine State Scott
Hodler al-jazeera
