as the deadline for rien d'Or Singh the
Iran nuclear deal approaches the world's
once again second-guessing Donald
Trump's next move Iran is taking over
the Middle East the US presidents
repeatedly threatened to tear up the
agreement but so far he's reluctantly
kept it alive it was a landmark moment
in international diplomacy seven
countries signed the agreement at a time
of heightened tensions across the region
some of Iran's neighbors have been
talking about a possible military strike
against the country Iran's made no
secret of its arsenal of Russian made
ballistic missiles Israel and
Washington's Middle Eastern allies
feared it also had an active nuclear
weapons program Iran insisted its
nuclear agenda was purely civilian but
under the deal had agreed to end
research in return for the partial
lifting of sanctions allowing it to
access global financial markets and
crucially sell its oil as part of
America's commitment to the deal
Congress requires the US president to
confirm every 90 days that Iran's
upholding its part of the agreement
trumps recertified the deals several
times so far but things could be about
to change last October he announced a
new Iran policy Iran is not living up to
the spirit of the deal I am announcing a
new strategy to address the full range
of Iran's destructive actions it's a
strategy many Iranians believe is
motivated simply by Trump's growing
support for Israel I think under Trump
US and Israeli interests are closely
aligned and I think Trump's main problem
but Iran is that the clashes with Israel
for that simple reason so for that
reason I would also add that should Iran
and Israel's relationship improve which
is not on the horizon anytime soon you
would see major changes in any one u.s.
relationship as well Trump's refusing to
recertify the deal until Congress amends
it he's called for sanctions on Iran's
Revolutionary Guard which he described
as a corrupt personal terror force of
Iran's leader
he also wants to extend time limits on
the country's nuclear research and
curtail its missile program but as
Congress didn't draw up the deal it's
not down to them to change it any
alterations it makes with the president
would be in breach of the international
agreement it leaves Donald Trump with
two choices we certify the deal and keep
it alive reject the deal violate the
agreement and almost inevitably trigger
an international crisis Nev Barker
al-jazeera
