a historic three months long ceasefire
now over and in the worst way as Yellin
rebels resumed attacks in Colombia many
hoped for an extension of a truce which
despite violations had been considered a
success but on Wednesday Colombia's last
active rebel group perpetrated four
attacks
wounding two Colombian Marines and
affecting an important oil pipeline
Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos
spoke forcefully against them El
Nacional de plata the government
deplores the ELN s decision to restart
its terrorist attacks on the general
public the armed forces and on parts of
the national infrastructure we were
always I repeat always ready to extend
the ceasefire with the ELN and negotiate
very quickly a new cycle of talks even
it will see Alan eNOS blue collar empty
inexplicably the ELN not only rejected
this process but chose to restart their
terrorist attacks on the very day that
they were obliged to initiate the new
round of negotiations from Quito where
peace talks had been expected to resume
ELN leaders said they were hopeful the
talks could restart but then explained
the reasoning behind the attacks the
negotiating table was making progress
during the ceasefire so we maintain the
decision to give continuity to what we
achieved but we need a new ceasefire
that overcomes the difficulties of the
first one
president Santos immediately recalled to
Bogota the recently appointed
negotiators for consultations
experts say the failure to extend the
ceasefire shows deep divisions among the
ill and leadership the sector more
radical within the ELN will win the
match and in this sense is not only the
problem what will happen with the
ceasefire is what will happen with the
table and the general process between
the government and the ELN the talks
have long been complicated by a lack of
confidence between the parties and few
tangible results and we can now expect
the Colombian military to start a
bombing campaign
in rebels areas a full-blown return of
the austerities that will make very
difficult to resume the talks at least
for now
Alison Aaron PhD al Jazeera Bogota
