in just the past 48 hours three
boatloads of migrants and refugees have
run into trouble off the Libyan coast
around 300 people were rescued by the
Coast Guard tired and cold but alive
dozens more have perished in the winter
waters of the Mediterranean but for
those who have survived relief is
short-lived it's unclear what will
happen to them in Libya a country with a
growing slave trade and in which lawless
fighting groups have helped create a
transit and people smuggling hub last
summer Italian television filmed these
pictures apparently showing Libyan
border guards firing at rubber dinghies
packed with people and forcing survivors
ashore at gunpoint this after the
European Union prevailed on Libya to
help stop the Seabourn influx after
receiving a call from the fishing vessel
about the presence of a migrant boat we
headed to the site and found the boat
dilapidated we found about 16 people
alive unfortunately the rest of them
were missing at least 3,000 people died
last year trying to reach Europe by
crossing the Mediterranean flimsy
vessels provided by people smugglers
proving no match for the high seas we
tried to search for them thinking that
maybe we might find the migrants alive
but unfortunately we did not even find
bodies the sea was very rough already
the signs are that 2018 will be no
different
Jonah hull al-jazeera
