it live in northern Syria is supposed to
be one of four so-called de-escalation
zones set up to reduce fighting if
anything battles between government and
opposition forces are intensifying
Russia Turkey and Iran agreed last year
to be guarantor zuv ceasefires in those
mainly opposition-held areas now the
Turkish government says the Syrian
regime is claiming to attack what it
calls al-nusra terrorists are targeting
the so-called moderate opposition
ninety-five percent of the violations
are carried out by the regime or the
groups who backed the regime why is the
aim to exploit this process to
completely wipe out the moderate
opposition and the civilians Iran and
Russia should meet their obligations as
guarantors and stop the regime this is
not about simple air strikes near the
border the regime is advancing toward
the inside of it Lib
so here the intention is different but
the Syrian government's Russian allies
disagree saying recent drone attacks on
its air and naval bases in Syria were
launched by opposition groups from Italy
Russia's Defense Ministry released
photos it said was of a downed drone in
a statement apparently aimed at the US
Russia says data for the attacks could
only have been obtained from one of the
countries that possesses know-how in
satellite navigation yes the people are
rich Laura Heath qame Korean was not
good if the Kremlin knows the
perpetrators Russia will increase the
shelling of bombardments against them
but if the attack represents a message
from those who are not happy with the
Russians and want to negotiate with them
then Russia can slightly change its
stance and put some pressure on Damascus
regarding active groups in around
Latakia the Syrian army's offensive
around it live is forcing thousands of
civilians to flee towards the border
with turkey Turkey's foreign ministry
has summoned both the Russian and
Iranian ambassadors to lodge a formal
complaint about what's happening there
Bernard Smith al Jazeera
