the first official talks between North
and South Korea in more than two years
ended with an agreement that could make
president moon jae-in's vision of a
peace Olympics a reality moon says
domestic support for his policy of
dialogue with North Korea helped bring
about the rare meeting and he had
someone else to thank as well the
accomplishment of South Korean dialogue
was largely credited to President Trump
I'd like to express gratitude to him in
a statement the White House welcomed the
talks and said the u.s. and South Korean
presidents recently agreed to continue
the campaign of maximum pressure on
North Korea toward the goal of complete
and verifiable denuclearization moon
says the other purpose of that pressure
is to bring the north to the negotiating
table adding that he would be willing to
talk directly with North Korea's leader
Kim jong-un I keep myself open to any
meeting including a summit if it's
helpful for an improvement of South and
North Korean relations or a settlement
of the North Korean nuclear issue
president moon says even though South
Korea prefers a policy of engagement it
also supports the u.s. approach of
maximum pressure but he acknowledges
that with more sanctions come more risks
of escalating tensions that could lead
to a possible armed conflict ultimately
South Korea wants to find a diplomatic
solution to the problem of North Korea's
nuclear weapons but North Korea has
continued to indicate they are not up
for negotiation regarding the nuclear
issues our strategic weapons including
atomic bomb hydrogen bomb and
intercontinental ballistic missiles are
only aimed at the United States not our
fellow Koreans but moon says both South
Korea and the u.s. are threatened by the
North's nuclear weapons and will
continue to work together to address
that threat Kathy Novak al Jazeera Seoul
