in a move that some had feared Tunisia's
president Beji Caid Essebsi appeared on
television to announce the end of his
alliance with the ananda party a
government allies since 2014
Anahata has now parted with SMC and
opted for another course and I hope it's
in the best interests of the country
which I doubt the Alliance was a result
of an election that brought president s
sixties leader to his party to power and
nanda came second in the polls since the
2011 uprising which started what became
known as the Arab Spring
Tunisia had had nine cabinets all faced
economic problems which included high
inflation and unemployment the coalition
had been regarded as the Arab springs
only Democratic success avoiding the
upheaval seen in Egypt Libya Syria and
elsewhere the Islamic and netta party
and secular leader Tunis which was
formed in 2014 had promised a
constitution granting far-reaching
political rights limiting the role of
religion and holding free elections but
the current political fallout which
started when present is Sipsey called
for Prime Minister Yousuf Shaheed to
step down as the government struggle to
revive the economy has brought fears
that Tunisia may be slipping away from
the democratic reforms that came from
the 2011 protests at least they had the
president doesn't have a solution all he
can do is try to control this disaster
he can try to taint use of shiet who's
the head of the Anasta government and
weaken the support for the ana because
voting for them in the elections will
give them a solid ground in a new
government there are concerns the
president's new debt to his party may be
on the verge of fragmentation but for
now all the political alliances are
driven by one goal victory in the
upcoming presidential and parliamentary
elections
Hiba morgan al jazeera
