the first victim of the new law is no
less than the deputy leader of the
extreme right alternative for Germany
party
Beatrix once talked responded to an
Year's Eve greeting by police in Cologne
posted in Arabic on Twitter the city was
the scene two years ago of mass sexual
assaults during celebrations most of the
suspects were described as being of
North African and Arab origin in a post
on Twitter and Facebook she asked what
the hell is happening in this country do
you think it's to appease the barbaric
gang raping hordes of Muslim men stalks
accounts were temporarily suspended on
the ground she'd violated the new hate
speech law her party said legitimate
political opinions had been censored not
about censorship but of course this law
does give politicians like mrs. Blanche
Dorothy the opportunity to claim that
there is political censorship in Germany
and to portray herself as a martyr and I
think this is one of the biggest
political mistakes in passing the anti
hate speech law because it helps parties
like the AFD to transport their
narratives into the population and gain
greater popularity the Justice Minister
Heiko Maas who introduced the
legislation said it will prevent calls
to murder hate speech and Holocaust
denial which he described as attacks on
other people's freedom of expression but
opposition is mounting the Green Party
is leading the charge for changes in the
law the one with the - fired off one
it's a very sensitive area the question
of where freedom of speech ends and the
protection of personal rights begins has
been determined at the very highest
judicial levels in Germany for decades
the law now is too abrasive and gives
too much power to the companies facebook
says the legislation is fundamentally
new it's unique in the world and because
of its complexity is a challenge for all
involved even a German satirical
magazine on the Internet has become a
victim of the new laws Twitter suspended
their account after the use of frayed
barbaric hordes while poking fun of the
controversy I
spoke to their editor in Frankfurt over
Skype we'll have to keep watching this
because funny talk is ambivalent and we
know that real people struggle with it
how are a bunch of bots going to
distinguish German courts struggle as
well the magazine is now back online its
latest issue has a cartoon of President
Donald Trump asking his Secretary of
State how they can restore some safety
Rex Tillerson replies stop all this
tweeting you idiot David chatter
al-jazeera
Berlin
