the decision by drug maker Pfizer to end
its expensive high-risk research into
Alzheimer's and Parkinson's disease
marks a devastating blow for tens of
millions of people around the world in a
statement Pfizer says this was an
exercise to reallocate spending across
our portfolio to focus on those areas
where our pipeline and our scientific
expertise is strongest the Alzheimer's
Association says it's disappointed that
Pfizer is ending its investment in
neuroscience research pharmaceutical
companies have long argued that the more
money they have available for research
the more patients would benefit it was a
sales pitch Pfizer's CEO made in
Washington last March our responsibility
is to produce the best and greatest
medicines we can that make the biggest
impact on a human life this industry
needs to have a return that allows it to
continue to do its research although
President Trump answered that call in
part with the largest corporate tax cut
in US history Pfizer like many other
companies is not plowing the benefits
back into research it's just announced a
plan to use the tax break to benefit its
investors by buying back 10 billion
dollars of its own stock Pfizer which
makes the lucrative pill viagra does say
it plans to detail its plans to create a
neuroscience Fund later this year but
that's likely to come as cold comfort to
the more than 7 million people across
the globe living with Parkinson's and
the 44 million living with Alzheimer's
john Hendren al-jazeera
