two years ago a handshake between the
French and Indian defense ministers
sealed a billion-dollar fighter jet deal
Indira agreed to buy 36 Rafale Jets from
French plane maker de Salle in
partnership with Indian company reliance
the choice of reliance a private
business with no aviation experience
prompted India's opposition to accuse
Prime Minister Narendra Modi of
favouring the company and boss Anil
Ambani over the state-run alternative
now comments by former French president
Francois Hollande that France had no say
in DeSales Indian partner have reignited
the debate Allen told French News
website media part we did not have a say
in it it was the Indian government that
proposed this company and dasa who
negotiated with Ambani we did not have a
choice we took the partner that was
given to us the reporters who worked on
an investigation into the RAF I'll deal
also questioned alarmed over alliances
funding of a film by his partner Julie
gay at the time gentleman we spoke to
all on twice on the phone and his
comments were very clear and very
precise he said the financing of Julie
gays film by Ambani had nothing to do
with the Rafael contract because he said
Indian authorities imposed reliance on
them he was adamant on this and no doubt
he didn't realize the impact this would
have in India for Hollande was defending
himself against accusations of a
conflict of interest over the financing
of his partner's film but his comments
have had a much wider impact they've
upset
french Foreign Ministry officials who
worried about the relationship between
New Delhi and Paris being damaged and
they've also cast doubt on the integrity
of India's leader
it all fits in why was the deal
renegotiated why was the number of
planes reduce
why was the public sector company eased
out but making way for a private sector
entity all this all these things are
part of the jigsaw puzzle and mr.
Holland's statement was the final piece
that actually fills up the puzzle
India's government said they play no
role in the choice of Reliance as a
sales partner but opponents remain
unconvinced the Congress party has
called for a full inquiry into the deal
and protestors are calling for Modi to
resign
Natasha Butler al Jazeera Paris
