I am for me okay you're in the stream
the US Attorney General has made a
legislative change that goes after legal
marijuana Jeffery sessions move is
actually in contradiction to general US
public opinion about cannabis use so now
what effect with this legislative change
have today would get into the debate
about the impact that legalizing
marijuana has and here are two experts
with differing opinions first it ignores
basic science but it also undermines
successful multiple states the states
have legalized marijuana have found not
only that Public Health and Safety have
improved but they've also had a dramatic
reduction in arrests for marijuana
offenses and an increase in tax savings
a major concern is for how marijuana and
particularly the THC the psychoactive
ingredient is marketed and sold in
states where it has become legal we
market and sell this product to kids
it's done with cartoons it's in candies
it's in all different things there's no
guidelines around it it's marketed in a
way that we would not allow for example
alcohol or tobacco to be marketed so
it's one great example there's ten
servings of THC the active ingredient
that gets a high from marijuana in one
gummy bear when's the last time you
tried cutting one of these into ten
pieces now we asked our community about
the legal status of marijuana in their
country and we heard results from all
over in Ghana Hussein tells us most
people smoke marijuana and producers are
always arrested and prosecuted yet the
narcotic Control Board have done their
best to curb the situation meanwhile in
Nigeria Bello says I feel it should be
legalized we are currently spending
millions on law enforcement think about
the economic and health benefit of
legalizing it tobacco kills more alcohol
destroys more yet legal bengaii
in zimbabwe says
is not legalized and I don't think that
will change anytime soon the use of it
is a serious offense
meanwhile down in New Zealand Anthony
shares his thoughts does not make things
safer having a heavy-handed war on low
harm drugs but of course right here in
the u.s. marijuana remains illegal at
the federal level and is considered to
be on par with heroin but eight states
have legalized it to varying degrees
often leaving confusion of the gap
between state and federal you're in
Texas it is illegal and legislation did
not pass to change that status Illinois
will vote or measures this spring and
may see a change and here in the
District of Columbia it is legal to have
and use marijuana for recreational use
most recently on January the first
California became the latest state to
legalize in recreational marijuana but
just a few days later the Attorney
General Sessions announced a change in
policy here with us today to discuss the
issue we have shmita penny president of
the minority cannabis of Business
Association and founder of budding
solutions dr. Carhart is chair the
department of psychology at Columbia
University and author of high price dr.
Kevin Sabet
is founder and president of smart
approaches to marijuana and Ben cord is
author of weed Inc and a consultant in
addiction treatment industry hello
guests really good to see you let's
start on twitter bertha madras says
thank you Tony general Jeff Sessions for
your courageous decision to rescind the
previous administration's guidance on
enforcing federal marijuana laws
so Bertha is saying Thank You Carl
you're saying what who follows birthday
Emma dress who listens to her one and
two what I think about this decision by
the Attorney General it's really not the
Attorney General we really need Congress
to act and legalize marijuana now one of
the right there number of reasons why I
think that marijuana should be legal
chief among them I think about
we use how we enforce drug laws in the
United States in the United States for
example black people are four times more
likely to be arrested for marijuana and
we can go down the line we use our drug
policy in part to basically carry out
racial discrimination that's one and
then two when I think about some of the
arguments against legalization they deal
with my area science and when I look at
the scientific information knowledge the
Science in the scientific knowledge
suggests that marijuana should be
illegal and and so I mean we think we
should have a great conversation because
I like to hear the arguments and I like
to hear what the other panelists say as
well well a lot of problems with that
yeah I think they hear a lot of a lot of
problems with that I do think there's
some agreement but let's do first things
first I don't think it's fair to attack
a former deputy drug on the Bush
administration who has a PhD and works
at Harvard University and the
neuropsychopharmacology so that's what
dr. stay on topic and not be she was on
the president's opioid Commission so
important thing let's get to the crux of
the argument I agree is that we do not
need to have a false dichotomy between
criminalization and legalization we're
acting as if there are two choices we
either have to lock people up or we have
to do what we're doing in America which
is basically start Big Tobacco all over
again and that's why actually every
major medical organization in the United
States and around the world actually
don't want to legalize marijuana they
don't agree with dr. Hart they don't
agree that we should legalize at all
they don't think the science leads us
there because today's marijuana is much
more harmful than it used to be because
it's in Schedule one that does not mean
it's on par with heroin it means it's
classified in the same way because it
has a high potential and no raw medical
use but there are components that do
have medical uses and we should
recognize that I think CBD is an
important issue to research but we're
conflating so many things here we're
conflating D criminal
zatia with legalization those are two
very different things
we're also conflating CBD in the non
cycle component with THC well a lot of
people are and kevin says some things
that were just wrong number one when we
think about big tobacco one of the
reasons that were concerned about big
tobacco it's because tobacco lied to the
people of the United States and it's
like marijuana please let me finish and
you please let me finish
we're upset with Big Tobacco because
they lie they lie and said that their
product was not addictive not harmful
and they even set up a research arm to
say that they were going to try to have
independent research which was a lot
we're not upset with tobacco because
they are making money they're in a
capitalistic society like they should so
cold and Kevin just take a pause because
we have you in the conversation we have
two other guests and our online
community as well trying to get some
community in here as well chanita let me
just share this with you this is calico
ultimately I don't see this as a big
policy shift the best way our industry
can respond is by doing what we've
always done operate transparency so
we're talking about the cannabis
industry the growing cannabis industry I
know that you have a part in that what
impact is this going to have on small
growers absolutely this wasn't a shock
to anyone in the industry we have been
operating in a place of you know leaning
on the Cole memo and other protections
that we have in place and we haven't
done the legwork of ending prohibition
which is what we need to do it's not
enough to impro Hashim having a lens on
racial equality and equity in this space
so we have to look at the social justice
perspective in that lens and so when we
start to talk about what happened last
week
with Jeff Sessions were sending the Cole
memo essentially what it does is light a
fire under this industry and what we
should be doing is uniting and an ending
prohibition really changing
let's see so that we are operating in a
place where we're not in a silo in a
state we've had you know eight states
now that have great programs that have
been successful the heads of those
states at least to Colorado and
Washington Oregon and Washington excuse
me
that are coming out and saying hey we
will stand tall we will support our
industry and what we should be focused
on again is being unified and you know
Republicans Democrats less in
prohibition but what's different now
from six months ago what difference does
it make to them marijuana business the
growing business medical users thanks
I'm not sure if I'm the right one
there's a question you know I'm not in
the business I don't have a whole lot to
do with the industry I'm just a caller
ID and who kind of tries to pay
attention to what's happening in my own
state I think that the biggest thing
that it's going to do is make a lot of
the folks who have large scale
operations nervous about it this this
shift has nothing to do with users it
has nothing to do with people who choose
to consume this substance on their own
it really has everything to do with the
the people who are setting up shop in
these eight states and doing all they
can to get as much money out of us as
possible you know that my home state has
shifted a lot like we have really
embraced this industry in many ways and
I think there were a lot of us who
weren't expecting it to be as
hard-hitting and and going as as quickly
as it is it so this is about an industry
this isn't about somebody choosing to
use a substance or not this is about
what whether or not we want to allow
people to profit with with weed if
operators in this industry are not
comfortable operating patients will
suffer consumers will suffer if they
have to go out of business if they have
to shut their doors in anticipation of
you know a raid now patients will
ultimately suffer the employees of the
issue is you know ultimately suffer
what's what's so amazing also is that
there actually
there are lies a lot of evidence saying
that it has not been going well in these
states in fact there are more black and
Hispanic kids being arrested in Denver
now for marijuana possession than there
was before legalization is that in DC
actually you're the guest there is
agreeing with me actually the second
thing is let me finish we've seen more
arrests in Washington DC and they are
almost all African Americans for public
use as well as distribution so you know
if you want to right the wrongs of the
war on drugs and I think we would have a
lot of agreement that we there have been
racist policies that we want to reverse
you don't do it with creating another
massive industry who we know will be led
by rich white guys from Silicon Valley
and Wall Street and that by the way is
who's making money from this business by
the way is who's leading this and the
issue is we wouldn't need to embrace
that we could simply change our criminal
laws we don't want to go after users and
by the way this memos simply goes back
to pre 2013 days it's not a change in
policy it simply says there is a federal
law it's been there for a while and we
would all agree if you are gonna
legalize marijuana which I don't think
we should let me just get one point of
agreement in here we would agree that
you should do it through Congress
yes Kevin just said something that's
just so misinformed the fact is when you
look at states like Colorado and
Washington and you look at the numbers
of people who are being arrested for
marijuana that number is dramatically
down it is true that we still have
racial disparities in arrests but the
number of black people who are being
arrested in those places is dramatically
decrease so I don't understand what
you're even talking about let me bring
in another voice here this is the voice
of will Jones in DC who Jonesy as part
of the organization
Kevin smart approaches to marijuana he
talks about the black community in DC
this is his perspective have a listen
hole the reason that I'm working on
these issues because I want to see
Marijuana Policy move forward in a way
that has a positive impact in my
community right now if I walk out the
door of my home and almost any direction
the first sort of immediate two is gonna
be a liquor sort of a cigarette
Hasmik plastered all over the windows
and that is because for decades the
alcohol and tobacco industry have
disproportionately targeted minority and
disenfranchised communities
unfortunately if we look at places like
Denver Colorado we're seeing that the
marijuana industry is doing the exact
same thing where some minority
communities have one pot shop for every
42 dresses I'm going to see people put
before profit and legalization doesn't
do that how would you make it out okay
that is so again this is misleading it
when we look at cancer we look at
illnesses we look at anything in
American society we can see that a
distance but fortunately negatively
impact black people but when you weigh
the totality of this thing for example
like prisons and those sorts of things
changing drug laws would decrease the
number of black people caught up in the
criminal justice system a comment that
was made there
can you please that comment that was
made was just simplistic in and
misinformed
I don't think Carla had a question I
just genuine question because I think we
need to have dialogue in this day and
age where dialogue is really just not
not we don't have it and that's why I'm
proud to put worked in both Republicans
and Democrats calls don't you think that
that we could have a compromise where we
can go a long way in reducing
incarceration rates as well as righting
the wrongs of the past by not by simply
removing criminal penalties for
marijuana and not actually having a
whole system like alcohol or tobacco
where we actually enter into that
capitalist system with selling and we
simply focus on saying you know what you
know if you if you possess an amount or
whatever there isn't going to be jail
time and we actually and you would agree
we want to discourage use among young
people because today's THC is so much
powerful than it used to be but wouldn't
that be a compromise where you could
have simply essentially remove the
criminal penalties as opposed to saying
we want to let this out into our
capitalist society and kind of hope for
the best
I hate it yes let me hear the answer and
Shanice I know you want it you want to
weigh in on this as well
Kyle go ahead an educator thank you
thank you so much thank you so
for that question yeah I really like the
idea of making sure that we remove the
criminal penalties the problem is when
you just remove the criminal penalties
particularly when it relates to a
psychoactive substance without making it
legal you don't have the quality control
that's necessary to make sure that
whatever people were getting is
something that has high quality that's
one and two this notion that you keep
referring to is that the marijuana today
is more dangerous than a marijuana that
people had previously that's just simply
it's not true throughout the history of
humankind we have known how to increase
the THC levels in marijuana it's true
the average concentration of THC on the
street today is higher than that chanita
I'm making space for you go ahead I
absolutely think there's a place for
regulation especially as you look at
this medicine as medicine if I am
growing this for my personal use I'm not
concerned I know where I planted it I
know what I used to grow this cannabis
and I'm okay with that it's the same
thing as growing tomatoes in my home but
when I go into a pharmacy or a
dispensary I want to know that this
medicine has been tested I want to know
what it's been processed with if
anything and ultimately I wants to be
able to look at a label and know that
there are ten servings in that gummy or
in that chocolate bar so that I can
responsibly consume as a recreational
user or as a medical patient then what
do you want to add go ahead say yeah
yeah listen I'm I'm a Colorado and I go
into dispensaries all the time and I've
seen with the industrialization has done
and in my state and first off you guys
like just hop on weed maps for a minute
it's an app on the I store on the iPhone
store and you can see that all of the
dispensaries are concentrated in the
lowest income neighborhoods the Denver
Post are in a wonderful piece called a
really simple title to remember most
dispensaries located them for minority
neighborhoods as a result these
communities
have been inundated with cannabis shops
so you've got all of these weed shops
around they're targeting their marketing
to the folks who live inside of those
communities I don't have a shop for
eight miles from my house but they are
all over the poor neighborhoods inside
of Denver and as far as this raise in
the potency in us keeping track on
what's going on throw this one into your
search engine look at the recalls that
have happened in Colorado as result of
the pesticides is the antifungal things
that we found we are not regulating the
way that it's produced and you've gone
from what naturally occurs inside a
cannabis this I'm losing myself like
what naturally occurs inside a cannabis
is less than half of a percent THC and
what we're selling in Colorado now
because it's been industrialized to the
point that it is and there's all this
money behind it we got had concentration
for 98 percent THC while mankind has
interacted with cannabis from millennium
we've been affected with cannabis this
strong for five years let me just bring
in Jeff I have to say something about
beings comment I have to say one thing
about being comment I just find it
remarkable that people who have never
ever actually tried to address any of
the concerns of minority communities
make comments about these stops being in
my in aura tea communities causing
problems I write I grew up on public
assistance man in Washington DC's where
I got sober I'm not out of the supper
ever done I'm not I'm not saying that
you didn't grow up in public system door
do I care what I'm saying is that you
are making comments about minority
communities are you kidding me
what why can I ask you that why can I
not empathize and have a conversation
about because
listen man just because I'm heterosexual
and cisgender that hasn't kept me from
serving on the board of directors for
the National Association of lesbians gay
transgender bisexual treatment providers
I can be a part of a conversation
all right gentlemen I also want to Jeff
sessions to be a part of this
conversation let's go back to December
of 2017 when he talked about his drug
policy and where marijuana fitted into
that have a listen general view that
this is not a healthy substance I think
that's pretty clear I do believe I'm
afraid that the public is not properly
educated
all of us together maybe be helpful in
working on
that would allow better policy actually
be enacted
jimena is enough clarity for you as
president of the minority cannabis
Business Association where the u.s. is
going in terms of the current
administration going in terms of drug
policy and cannabis I am clear that the
current administration wants to return
the United States to Prohibition I am
clear that this is just another way for
them to push their agenda against black
and brown people
I am nothing has changed the work that I
am doing with the minority cannabis
Business Association will be to improve
habituation to do that isn't enough that
legislation will have to include you
know concepts around race equity
concepts around things like
gentrification of course you know that
was just brought up as we talked about
what happened in Colorado as these
states regulate their programs in a silo
you know we have an opportunity to look
at the best practices throughout the
country and try to get it right I think
California is a great example of that
while we are doing this on a
state-by-state basis California has
taken the initiative to say hey the war
on drugs you know tremendously impacted
these communities specifically and so we
are going to you know give some priority
to these communities not only in
starting a problem with with them
reinvesting that those revenues into
those communities they're more than that
idea I love that idea but the problem
with that is it's 3 billionaire white
guys in Silicon Valley that are
controlling the entire California market
and because they want to export it
California Korea's supply it creates
produces eight times as much marijuana
as consumed so you can bet who's going
to be part of this and it's futile and
it's wonderful to have people at the
table but all it's gonna be is people at
the table the alcohol industry fee is
the same thing the alcohol related
offenses are responsible for twice as
many arrests than all drugs combined and
that's a legal regulated drug show me in
American history where we have regulated
something successfully in a way that
protects public health over private
profit it does not happen that's very
very different than for medical if you
want to do medical marijuana
you talked about patient it's earlier
then let's regulate that I totally agree
let's have medical components that are
not obviously smoke because we don't
smoke any medicine but at a pharmacy
with doctors that's a separate issue but
this dreamland that many people have is
it's going to somehow we're gonna get it
right after 200 years and include the
voices that need to be included is
nothing more than lip service from the
rich white guys that serve on the boards
of the major organizations have you
talked to Ben because Ben is a
recovering addict recovered addict got
clean but any share this with you from
Nichols Nichols says making cannabis
more widely available would assist many
people moving away from opioids and
other more harmful substances including
alcohol and tobacco in the very last
like 30 seconds of this show is that
something you can get behind so when it
comes to recovery I think that that's
such a personal journey that it's the
point it's about a smart to give love
advice as it is to give advice to
somebody you don't know they're like for
me abstinence from all food altering
substances has really been the tricky
and it's something that has allowed me
to become who I want to be in pursuit of
relationships and pursue my spirituality
so if other people take it a different
route a that that's on them but people
who are wired like I am who just need
more and more and more and more that way
Benko hem summit Carhart
she needs a penny thank you for this
vibrant conversation the conversation
about marijuana and legalizing it goes
on in the United States our conversation
continues at hashtag eight a stream
thanks for watching everybody
