in Neesha second largest cities in de an
event that's as much of our culture and
pride as it is competition this is the
national championships of traditional
wrestling held once every year a teams
representing HF Lee shares eight
provinces have come together to compete
in front of thousands of fans this
traditional sport dates back to
harvesting seasons when villagers used
to fight after collecting their crops
with the arrival of the military council
in 1975 they thought that wrestling
would be the sport that brings all the
youths together from the national
competition was introduced teams of 15
wrestlers are helped by their coaches
and for some their sorcerers the role of
the sorcerers is to write and play
spells on their wrestlers and perform
rituals prior to each fight but
different competitors have their own
theories on how to best achieve success
this sport requires physical strength
good training and an excellent cleric
some luck is needed to some wrestlers
rely on sorcerers who resort to black
magic in djenne but we rely totally on
the holy quran which is allies of
worldly secrets for those who can't make
it to the stadium this is very much a
television event as well
both viewers and spectators saw host
province India when this year's title
after beating the defending champions
Vijay's Prime Minister Brashear Athenee
on hand to present the victors sword
along with the $20,000 check and from
there it was time to celebrate with the
people of Xandar and start planning on
how to wrestle back the trophy at gang
next year
Elyse Holman al Jazeera
