children in a classroom in Wellington
gripped by a play they cannot understand
but want to the actors speak today on
Maori New Zealand's indigenous language
other cultures come up to myself after
our shows and say you can teach me how
to say hello all can teachers never say
this which is it's beautiful for us to
see other cultures come up to Maori and
say can we learn a little bit of your
language please a 2010 government report
warned it might soon die out of New
Zealand's nearly 5 million people just
15 percent are moldy and only 3% of New
Zealanders can speak today on Maori I do
see the Maori language is a tremendous
enrichment to New Zealand I do see it as
a great opportunity to New Zealand it
does need to come out of the shadows and
it needs to come into the mainstream
course of New Zealand's life since
British colonisation in 1840
Tadeo has been neglected even banned and
schools in the 1980s activists got at
official status but it is this
generation which is breathing new life
into the language New Zealand's
government has pledged Maori lessons for
all schools by 2025 with a goal of more
than 20% of people speaking the language
by 2040 integration has spread from
streets and schools to the Prime
Minister just under our Dern war a Maori
cloak a car who who - who - a
Commonwealth Heads of State meeting in
April in New Zealand there is a Maori
proverb he I had to me a newie OTL what
is the most important thing in the world
yet Anita hurt Anita hit Anita
it is the people the people the people
she also honoured Maori heritage through
her baby's name Nev - Aloha
Arden gated to honor her meaning the
love tierra ho was our way of reflecting
the amount of love that this baby's been
shown before she even arrived from the
verge of extinction there are now more
today o Maori speakers than ever before
New Zealanders getting the
the language to boost its power or in
Mari mana Charlotte Bellis al-jazeera
