this shop may look closed but step in
and you're in the makeshift home of the
Ali family the plastic sheets are an
attempt at protection from the cold
weather and the blankets are supposed to
divide the space into rooms for the many
members of this extended family
Holly helps out in the kitchen which is
outside the shop
his family was forced out of their home
in the countryside of Homs province in
northern Syria he lost one son and his
brothers were arrested by pro-assad
militias this is now home every aspect
of life is difficult and harsh there is
no medicine if our child falls sick we
cannot treat him we don't even have warm
clothes that story reverberates
throughout Syria six million displaced
people the countryside in Homs has been
besieged for years and desperate living
conditions have been deteriorating in
the town of calf lahar there's no
running water those who can afford it
rely on water tankers we bring the water
from the wells in the city 75 to 80% the
water is not clean and drinking that
brings waterborne diseases the number of
hepatitis patients has increased in a
hula now it's 4 or 5 times higher
last month nearly 40 cases in kafir
llaha were mostly children or teenagers
this little girl has been diagnosed with
jaundice her father thinks it's due to
what they have been consuming she has
liver disease because of the water and
also vegetables being grown with sewage
in this cluster of villages there have
been multiple deaths attributed to bad
water Mohammad finds it difficult just
to sit up these days just my whole body
hurts after the tests the doctor told me
I have liver disease
the reason is unhealthy vegetables
growing using sewage and tankers
transporting contaminated water nearly 7
years of war in Syria has decimated its
once respectable health care system and
as other basic amenities like water and
electricity becomes scarcer more people
are dying of preventable diseases Osama
bin Javed al Jazeera
