Detroit is a city of many ironies the
streets of the Motor City are largely
empty what was once the fourth largest
city in the US could fit Boston San
Francisco and Manhattan into its
footprint but no longer makes the top 20
in population and since more than half
of its 2 million residents fled after
the 1950s it is a city of both thousands
of abandoned homes and an epic level of
homelessness but a faith-based charity
here has a small solution to one of
Detroit's biggest problems tiny houses a
reverend fittingly named faith has
written the book on them if you have
something you could leave your children
the way my parents left to me then the
sky's the limit
I mean you really could become
middle-class that's the happily ever
after that we're all longing for right
now in August Detroit's cast foundation
built the first seven homes from
bungalows to Frank Lloyd Wright style to
tutors that low-income buyers can pay
off at a rate of 250 to 400 dollars a
month in just seven years for Keith
McElveen who spent 12 years in prison
home means a fresh start and how do you
like it love it and why because it's
mine 20 more tiny homes like his are
going up here this year across the u.s.
homelessness is concentrated in urban
areas like Detroit but now there's a
movement with cities from San Francisco
to New York building tiny homes like
these to give a little piece of the
American dream to many who've stopped
dreaming since Motown came roaring out
of bankruptcy downtown glitters and
rents are high but here and across the
u.s. homeownership is at a 50-year low
Detroit doesn't have a so much a you
know a housing shortage problem as they
have an affordable housing shortage
problem and the tiny homes really I
think does a good job of addressing that
so far diminutive DOMA sounds like these
play only a small role in solving a
colossal problem I'm able to come in
with a key and close the door and all
that madness stays
but for those now living in close
quarters all their own it's a big deal
John Hendren al-jazeera Detroit
