the war in Syria is entering its eighth
year and the aerial bombardment by
government forces continues as regime
forces and remnants of ISIL are both
attacking opposition-held areas in the
northwest rebel fighters are struggling
to maintain Edler province which is one
of their last strongholds refugees leave
in the driving rain by any way they can
some on trucks with little more than a
blanket shielding them from the winter
weather the internally displaced poor
into refugee camps that aid agencies say
are stretched to the limit a tent city
is being constructed in it lived near
the Turkish border to hold tens of
thousands forced from their homes in the
past fortnight a many more Syrians from
rebel-held areas have traveled to the
area in hope of safety and respite
putting the total number of IDPs
at three-quarters of a million look too
small rebel-held pockets of syria and
it's clear why the latest airstrikes
struck Eastern guter to the east of the
capital Damascus the suburb of four
hundred thousand people has been
besieged by government forces for five
years
Eastern guter is one of the so-called
de-escalation zones brokered last year
by Iran Russia and Turkey but people
there have reason not to trust the
agreements videos show the destruction
after government forces bombarded
targets east of Damascus on Saturday
everyone from the elderly to the very
young are affected I was with my
grandfather and brother then we went out
and heard planes everything was ok and
then the bombing started and all of a
sudden this happened to us it Lib is
also considered a de-escalation zone but
the deal to reduce fighting is proving
to be difficult to enforce rebels
including Hyatt areum
the Free Syrian Army controlled large
areas of land here and the regime backed
by Russian air raids are maintaining
intense pressure on the rebels while the
growing number of internally displaced
have temporary respite from the bombs
it's unclear how long they'll remain
relatively safe
Laura burden manly al Jazeera
