Nigeria is in the process of flying
thousands of its citizens home from
Libya large numbers of Nigerians are
trapped in Libya where they were trying
to cross to Italy by sea but were
stopped by local armed factions in
Libya's Coast Guard and now facing dire
conditions and abuse Nigerian government
says the flights will continue for as
long as they need to it's estimated
about 5,500 migrants will be flown home
I'm an address has been hearing the
migrants stories and he filed this
report from Libya's capital of Tripoli
everyone you see here has a sad story to
tell they've been through so much
stories of torture rape abuse
imprisonment and all kinds of abuses
here in Libya in the hands of the
authorities in the hands of people
smugglers they are talking about being
in prison for them the journey to
Nigeria today the journey back home is a
mixed bag a lot of them are happy that
they are free at last they've rolled
back home but disappointed in the fact
that a lot of them have lost so much in
this country and they're going back to
nothing now basically we have seen all
the people and people as young children
as young as 10 or 11 years people who
wanted to move to another country to
make a living but now we've spoken to
some of them who gave us their own side
of the story the chroma that went
through over the past few months and of
course over the years if I'm dying like
that in my country because the kind of
software that I have so far for this few
modes that I've left mine on my great
country Nigeria as in if I see anybody's
I say that I am backing on this joining
our give I would give that as the last
blood of my advice for that press not to
make this the kind of mistake that I've
made I want to go Italian before they I
didn't want to stay in Libya when when
the caricatures also to bottom
in the end they are going home
empty-handed
