does Egypt support Donald Trump's
decision on Jerusalem leaks suggest
leaders in Cairo don't object to us
recognition of the city as Israel's
capital and Saudi Arabia stands accused
of secret support what does the apparent
shift mean for the future of Jerusalem
this is inside story
hello there welcome to the program I'm
Laura Kyle after US President Donald
Trump recognized Jerusalem as Israel's
capital the condemnation from the Arab
world was swift and strong but is
everyone on board the New York Times
reports that Egyptian media has been
pressured to play down opposition to
Trump's decision in leaked phone
recordings a senior intelligence officer
reportedly told leading TV talk show
hosts to influence their viewers to back
the decision contrary to widespread
condemnation amongst Muslims the
newspaper quoted intelligence officer
captain Ashraf al Hawley
asking hosts how is Jerusalem different
from Ramallah which is the base of the
Palestinian Authority in the occupied
West Bank captain al Holly was quoted
telling the talk-show hosts an inter
father would not serve Egypt's the
national security interests and could
revive Hamas well Egypt has denied these
claims but it's not the only one accused
Saudi Arabia has also been criticized
for what's seen as some as a weak
reaction to Trump's policy change even
as King Salman publicly denounced Trump
the heir to the throne Crown Prince
Mohammed bin Salman was reportedly
urging Palestinian leaders to accept the
change meanwhile the Arab League appears
to be increasing its support for a
Palestinian state
Jordan hosted a meeting on Saturday
Egypt Morocco Saudi Arabia the United
Arab Emirates and the Palestinians were
all in Amman Jordan's foreign minister
Ayman Safari said the group would push
the United Nations to formally recognize
a Palestinian state with East Jerusalem
as its capital the UN already considers
East Jerusalem an occupied territory
illegally annexed by Israel in 1967 well
let's go now to our guests and joining
us from London via Skype Sami Hamdi
editor of international interest in
Ramallah Mustafa Barghouti secre general
at the palestinian national initiative
is also a former Minister of Information
and in Weybridge via Skype Nikolai do
Gundersen a Middle East specialist at
Kingston University London a very warm
welcome to all of you we suffer first of
all if you will your response to this
New York Times report on Egypt are you
surprised by what are pretty shocking
revelations
I am not sure how serious this report is
or how accurate it is because it is
building the whole story on information
leaking from one officer which
contradicts the official positions that
were declared by Egypt we know that the
Israeli side and so many other parties
are trying to put Palestinians in
confrontation with not only the United
States but also with many Arab countries
and we will not allow that to happen but
that does not mean we should not be very
clear about our position Jerusalem is
the capital of Palestine anybody who
dares to touch the rights of the
Palestinian people in Jerusalem or the
rights of Muslims and Arabs in Jerusalem
or Christians as well will be perceived
as a traitor to the rights of people and
to the history of this place okay and I
do not buy much of what was said because
I think it is exaggerated that it's only
on one point but one thing should be
clear we want much stronger much harder
and much clearer positions to confront
what what President Trump has done
you're skeptical about this report but
you must accept the New York Times the
very reps for newspaper and David
Kirkpatrick is a very respected
journalist they wouldn't be putting
something out that wasn't true no they
might be sure about the leak that they
got but that leak doesn't mean much it's
about one person one captain who claims
to be an intelligence service this is
not the official position that's what
I'm saying but that's the point varies
from the official position yes we want
more we want let me be frank with you
what we need what we want from all Arab
and Muslim countries these two things
first of all to boycott Israel to take
away their embassies from Israel to this
to to disconnect all diplomatic
relationships with Israel if they exist
and to participate in the campaign for
boycott divestment and sanctions against
Israel to restrain its policies against
our Jerusalem and occupation and the
sister
of appetite we know that we cannot ask
Arab car Arab armies to come and fight
Israel but at least there has to be a
complete boycott that would help us and
our struggle to achieve freedom okay
Sami I mean this newspaper article
suggests that there that Egypt is very
far from a complete boycott and what
Mustafa is asking in relation to support
from the Palestinians that publicly they
may be saying one thing but behind
closed doors saying something totally
different feel like you have to adopt
such a diplomatic tone I feel that
actions speak louder than words and I
don't think this article really brings
anything that we didn't know let's take
for example at under the Mubarak regime
Mubarak at least reportedly ignored the
tunnels by which the smuggling networks
were taking place but closed off a
border CC on the other hand is closing
their a flat border and smashing the
tunnels causing such a blockade on Gaza
that he's forced in the guys that the
guys and the people for CMS to have no
option but to go to war with Israel with
regard to the Egyptian army I think the
attitude is very clear we fought Israel
once we did our duty we lost what will
Arab shouldn't expect us to go to war
again I think the shameless attitude
were from the Egyptians I always see
this is a very shameless very dark
attitude from the Egyptians whereby they
genuinely believe that the Palestinian
cause is no longer worth fighting for
in other words see see an Egyptian army
are so desperate to keep their position
that they want to keep the US and
Washington appeased at all okay Sammy
let me just let me just jump in there
moment because it's not just the
Egyptians who are saying this if indeed
we do believe this article to be true
the Saudis are also saying it and indeed
we've had a tweet from the Bahraini
foreign minister on the eve of the
United Nations General Assembly meeting
saying let's not get into an argument
with the US over a side issue like
relegating the Palestinian issue - a
side issue question was asked me about
their Egypt but with regards to Saudi
Arabia is the same thing with Mohammed
listen man his pursuit his thirst his
quest to become King is such that he
knows he needs the US now he's not King
yet and he wants to be king he's
thinking
why on earth would I want to upset my
ally over over the u.s. who I need to
become king over Israel Plus also I
think with regard to the Saudis in
particular very big part of the whole
Palestine Israel issue
because the main fighting force in
Palestine is Hamas who are considered a
branch of the Muslim Brotherhood Saudis
believes that if we if we made the
Palestinian cause and number one cause
we are having a a golden plate to the
Muslim Brotherhood this very
narrow-minded politics from the Saudis
this very narrow-minded politics from
Egypt and the proof of the Saudi stance
is that Bahrain which is configured
Saudis proxy state and often when we get
the statement from Bahrain it's usually
what the Sammis don't want to say
publicly that proves that the south we
are moving away from the Palestine
Israel issue because of their own to be
honest I can't find any other word for
it selfish interests in other words they
believe Iran is a greater threat they
believe the Muslim Brotherhood is a
greater threat have a missive and
believes one evil power is a greater
threat in other words everybody is a
greater threat than Israel plus also it
shows a very lack of empathy with the
Palestinian cause for Egypt for Saudi
Arabia for the Arab nations the
Palestinians just aren't worth it in
other words they're not willing to go
all out now just to make their brothers
in Palestine there succeed in their very
I'll be brutally honest and Noble cause
we have an occupying state that took
over land horse funny and is kicking
people out of their rightful homes and
instead of the Arab states standing up
whenever others stand up I'm saying we
are going to reject it instead they're
going to wash it and say please please
put me in a position of power okay
please stay in power
let's bring in Nikolai um here do you
believe with with what Sammy's saying
that the Palestinian issue amongst them
Arabs and the Arab region has become a
side issue well I agree with much of
what was just said that right now I
think we're seeing certain governments
in the Middle East courting Trump and
being courted by Trump and it is about
survival we should remember that the
Middle East today is not the same as the
release of thirty forty years ago I
think that many governments in the
Middle East
are facing more immediate challenges in
their mind and it's about staying in
power so they care about for example
what will happen with it on what will
happen with the blockade what about the
protests for example that we call the
Arab Spring so I think that there is
much truth than what your guest has just
said I think that support from Trump is
also another factor there are some who
argue that trunk for example influenced
MBS from Mohammed bin Salman position as
Crown Prince there are some who argue
that he also gave it during life to the
current blockade so it would appear that
some strongmen if you like including in
Egypt they want to get into his good
books and they will care more about that
and their survival than they will about
Palestine which is quite sad to see
because of Egypt's symbolic importance
as a hub of Arab nationalism in the past
and you know that is now kind of going
downhill Mustafa Barghouti I mean what
you've just been hearing there two
guests are very adamant that there is a
shift away from interest in the
Palestinian cause to more selfish
nationalist interests where does that
leave the Palestinians no I don't think
that the Palestinian issue can be
marginalized they tried to marginalize
it we had maybe a couple of very
difficult years because of the internal
disputes and Arab world and because of
the internal fights that are taking
place but I think the Palestinian cause
came back very strongly and nobody can
move it off the table and maybe this is
what the United States wishes for we
know that some countries are so
dependent on American protection and
that affects their policies but nothing
will deviate us really as Palestinians
or nothing should deviate us from
concentrating on our main enemy which is
Israel and occupation and I must say I
must say also which I'm expected from
Arab state we've had some meetings we've
you know had some condemnation that's
what really there's been more action
absolutely that's what I explained very
clearly in my first answer we don't want
just statements we are we are tired of
statements we have a whole library of
statements and condemnations which don't
affect Israel at all what we need are
actions
and we are also realistic enough to
realize that we cannot ask them to fight
Israel but we can ask them definitely to
boycott Israel we can ask them to
respond to the will of their own peoples
which have been out in the streets in
millions sometimes against the Trump
decision one more thing I think what
many Arab governments don't realize
sufficiently is that Israel is a threat
not only to Palestinians actually
Israel's conspires conspiring now
against Egypt through the issue through
through through Ethiopia regarding the
water of the Nile Israel is conspiring
against Jordan and if they are done with
Palestine they would want to take part
of Jordan it is very clear I would even
say they want to control the economy of
the Gulf countries so the sooner the
Arab countries realize that this Israeli
government is dangerous also for them
the bit of their behavior will be but
most of all many Arab countries are also
seeing Israel as a potential partner in
their new push against Iran that's a
grave mistake against whom they cannot
think of this as we want to build an
alliance with Israel against them maybe
Iran or other countries the main threat
in this region is Israel and the Zionist
movement the main threat is what Israel
is trying to impose and I think the
sooner they can realize that the better
because at the end of the day they will
discover that they will ha they would be
harmed from such a relationship then
then then they would benefit and at the
end of the day I am saying if you can't
help the Palestinian people please
abstain from interfering let us continue
our struggle and we are we can continue
our struggle and we can manage to keep
our question on the table and we can
keep the Palestinian struggle going on
so if you can't help us please don't
interfere ok how does the Palestinian
struggle stay on the table here on in
well that's a very question I mean your
guests for example just mentioned Jordan
as one country that's also seen
reactions to Trump's decision Jordan has
a peace treaty with Israel but at the
same time we have seen a lot of protests
in Jordan shortly after
this announcement was made I have
contacts in Jordan and some of them are
Palestinian and one of my contacts
discussed how there were many many
people who protested outside the
American Embassy and they were saying to
me you know it is my right as a
Palestinian this is my homeland and
Trump has crossed the unspoken red line
now for Jordan there's a balancing act
here because on the one hand as I said
there's the treaty with Israel but
there's a lot of Palestinians in Jordan
Jordanians of Palestinian origin so I
think that we cannot say that the issue
of Palestine will be marginalized for
some governments perhaps they would say
well we want to survive but I think for
the people it is the pulse of the Arab
Street that ultimately matters and that
pulse can certainly strike back at any
announcement that trump decides this
you're just going to happen the Arab
people do not want to recognize
Jerusalem as Israel's capital and I
believe that this is an issue that could
cause sufficient anger to to threaten
certain certain powers yes I mean how
concerned should Arab leaders be of
their people's reaction to any perceived
sort of turning their back on the
Palestinians moving towards the US as
recognition of Jerusalem as Israel's
capital ten years ago I would have said
yes they should be really fearful of the
Arab reaction it asked me today the
matter is very different the fact of the
matter is the Arab people are split with
regards to priority if you look at some
Saudi accounts on Twitter I even read
some of them suggesting that there's
nothing wrong with going to Israel for a
holiday and to explore the artifacts of
you know King Solomon and the like and
what really puzzles me is this jimena of
the master of Egypt despite all the
carnage and oppression that he brought
to Egypt remains an Arab history as an
idol because of his stance on Israel
King Faisal
although these domestic policies are
disputed he remains an item in Arab
history because of his stance on Israel
I would hazard a guess that if CC
tomorrow all of Hamad bin Salman okay
I'm done of Jordan although about the
physical of Algeria or any of these
different countries said that we are
firmly against Israel we will not accept
the Jerusalem as a capital and they said
it with belief and they mobilize their
nations resources to making sure that
chunk backs down on Jerusalem and
letting is Ray
know that this is a red line all the
error people would turn around and say
you know what we can put a turn a blind
eye to this oppression and we can stand
behind this leader on the mat of Israel
Palestine and the proof of that is Eldo
can protect you and against popularity
in the Arab world has soared because he
is the only Arab leader who has come
alone even Muslim leader who has come
out and condemned Jerusalem's capital in
a murmur that can be described and
defiant ok good Sami we're not we're not
saying that we're not seeing King Salman
or MBS doing that or CC doing that
foreign policy it's very tribal it's
very fair doing it's very my interest
above everybody else I want to be king I
want to be a powerful leader I wanted
it's nothing about my people my
community my brothers in Palestine a
wrong injustice needs to be overturned
with what the Israelis did to
Palestinian people with the fact that
Israel is sitting on occupied land
Israel is sitting on land that belongs
to Muhammad bin sandman's cousins to his
brothers and he sits there instead of
trying to make his brother successful a
bad friend
he leaves are a greater threat than
Israel
so this narrow-minded for a policy far
from being politically correct would
actually lead to very serious problems
for CC and Mohammed bin cement ok cause
let me really Israel does not genuinely
believe that Muhammad bin cement can
ever be a true Ally because when
Muhammad missamma becomes king we may
see a very different King a very
different series of policies one that
doesn't necessarily require writing that
is a whole other inside story so I'm
just gonna move on now to Mustafa we
know it's been widely reported although
not agree or not accepted by a bus
confirmed rather by Abbas that Abbas
visited Riyadh in November just before
the us's
announcement officials closed the party
leadership of told Al Jazeera has been
widely reported again that the crown
prince urged the person leader urged
Abbas to forego the capital in East
Jerusalem and accept a truncated deal
how much pressure is being put on a bus
no this is study is not true because I
had mr. Abbas and he reported about his
meeting and he never mentioned what you
are saying so I don't rely on rumors I
rely on official positions that were
here but let me explain the essence of
the issue today the main issue is that
the Arabs and maybe the Palestinian
leadership the PLO leadership thought
that Israel is ready for a compromise
for a solution that comes at the expense
of many Palestinian rights like giving
us a state in only 22 percent of the
land while the you undecided we should
get 44 percent and we deserve probably
more yet they thought there will be a
two-state solution and there will be a
compromise and that will bring peace
that was the basis of Oslo agreement and
the Madrid conference and after that the
Arab initiative but we now have a new
person into the Palestine White House
willing I need to move on we need to
look because we're running out of time
that solution did not work Israel does
not want a compromise Israel wants all
of Palestine and maybe all of Jordan so
it's time to see the reality and
understand that we have we are not in a
situation where we can have a solution
with Israel or the Zionist movement we
have to struggle against their plan
resistance and truly accepts it that
Israel wants more than Palestine is
willing to give how much pressure is
being put on Abbas by the u.s. first of
all now by Saudi by Egypt perhaps by
other countries to accept a deal where
it doesn't get many of the things that
had wanted including East Jerusalem as
its capital including the right of
return for many of those refugees well I
think if we return to discussing Trump
for example I think it's worth memory
that Trump is he's a businessman first
and a politician second and from his
point of view he is fulfilling pledges
back home to have stronger ties
Israel so he's prioritizing this I also
feel that he is trying to create a if
you like a pact or a closer allegiance
with Mahmoud than Solomon and also with
Isis with Isis I'm sorry with that CC in
each and that he prioritizes reaching
out to strongmen because he believes
that this is how you come at terrorism
he's prioritizing that over the issue of
Palestine he's prioritizing his
administration in sort of his business
goals rather than a long term interest
in the Middle East that would also fall
to the next president because the
problem with what he's doing is he's now
shattering any reputation the u.s. may
have to actually act as a peace broker
and I'm sure that the Palestinians would
now be happy to talk to someone else
about this so given this this shift that
has gone on I mean some say that
Jerusalem as Israel's capital will
become a reality just very briefly do
you think that so I think that Trump
believes is going to become a reality
the Israelis certainly do but I also see
the building a lot of resistance the the
one major active protest I've seen in
Jordan has been over Palestine we're not
talking about socioeconomic struggles
here we're talking about what is for the
Palestinians a moral issue an issue of
homeland and I think that sense of
identity is strong enough that Trump
should be careful family we just have a
minute left
can we see all of this as perhaps just a
small blip in what is a decades-old
issue if we see the end of Trump do we
see the situation revert to what it was
before or is it a revolt could be
changed I think I think it's my personal
belief is that making Jerusalem the
capital was the ambition of clipton of
Obama or Bush of all the u.s. presidents
I just think that the situation that
Trump has inherited was not there at
this time of these former presidents
they had to sit with the Palestinians
and negotiate the stance of the US
presidents is a recognition of the
Israeli state the stance of the Arab
States is the removal of the Israeli
state and the restoration of the
Palestinian lands when Jews and Muslims
can live side-by-side together as
they've done for centuries and that this
this Gulf in views on what the future
should be means that this whole peace
process is merely a political process by
which to expand
US interest expand Israeli interest with
regards to the region I think now an
unprecedented situation with regards to
the Middle East where Israel is no
longer the number-one enemy
I think unprecedented territory whereby
strongmen leaders are terrified of their
people but there's also one thing that I
want to say with regards to the fear
that the people might rise up I think
Trump's call for Jerusalem as a capital
was so well time that all of the
people's forever all the people's anger
was used up in the Arab Spring young
people are tired now people have seen
the bullets being shot a ruble had a
weird and these other places they've
seen mass imprisonment of ponies being
kicked out there the further is gone it
was used up in the Arab Spring this is
why in my opinion and even though their
cares mean it breaks my heart to see it
politically announced in Jerusalem as a
capital was a masterstroke politically
for the US and for Israel okay we suffer
I can see you shaking your head that
unfortunately we have run out of time
though we do have to finish our
discussion there today many thanks to
all of you for joining us
Sami Hamdi Mustafa Barghouti and Nikolai
Dewart Gundersen and thank you too for
watching you can see the program again
any time by visiting our website there's
aljazeera.com and for further discussion
you go to our Facebook page that's
facebook.com for /aj Inside Story you
can also join the conversation on
twitter our handle is at aj inside story
from me laura Kyle and the whole team
here right for now
you
you
