they call themselves the ericon rig a
Salvation Army otherwise known as
Arsenal a new and until recently
little-known militant group fighting
Myanmar security forces in the Rakhine
State they want an end to decades of
persecution of Myanmar's Rohingya
minority on August 25th they launched
simultaneous attacks on police stations
and border outposts killing dozens of
people the Myanmar security forces who
had not previously been challenged in
such a violent way responded with an
unprecedented crackdown
since then rangas keep pouring through
the border into Bangladesh
lene with the UN describes as an ethnic
cleansing
it is an epic exodus never seen before
in Asia in the 21st century 800,000 so
far have sought refuge in neighboring
Bangladesh what they experienced at the
hands of Myanmar security forces are
foremost too difficult to put in words
some some women and young girls as young
as 10 being gang-raped others have
described horrific scenes of babies
being snatched from the arms of their
parents and thrown into fires men are
stabbed systematically shocked and
efficiently dumped in mass graves
Myanmar calls it a clearing operation
rangas here say it is a genocide
whatever it is it's still going on now
across the border on the other side of
this barbed-wire fence
human rights organizations believer
Hingis continue to be rounded up and put
in internment camps man by Myanmar's
military the government will not allow
independent investigators the UN has not
been granted access to provide to those
in need the crackdown continues
and a humanitarian catastrophe is
unfolding in Bangladesh as a result who
is responsible for this is it Myanmar's
generals could it be the country's
leader and one celebrated Nobel Peace
Prize winner unsung Suchi or did the
Arakawa anga Salvation Army provoke this
situation so you will go back to Myanmar
this week talked to Al Jazeera meets the
fighter of our son
the Eric Andrew Inga Salvation Army we
meet Muhammad not his real name in an
undisclosed location by the Myanmar
Bangladesh border armed with sticks and
knives he was one of hundreds of
militants that stormed a police station
on August 25th they looted their weapons
and warned the police if they didn't
stop harassing them there will be more
attacks the Myanmar government calls you
a Bengali terrorist what do you say to
that and I could dig it Willie her
Montana Arab boos no no mother error Jim
but the shield are at the dune mine who
who are you the hot now ha ha ha - India
alright when Jesus into India did not
have any idea nor saganaki their money
and then the Choctaw vanilla factory
Gillihan arredondo la psychologie des
terreaux meseta see entire barrio cold
icy in the wreck a super super monkey
really destroy everybody like a super
saucy yeah an RSI with a row hangers are
one of the hundred and twenty five
ethnic groups in Myanmar but unlike the
others they are not recognized as such
an hour denied citizenship despite
historic records of them in the country
for the last 200 years
Myanmar's military consider them as
illegal immigrants from Bangladesh as a
result they have none of the rights
granted to citizens they're not allowed
to attend schools or receive care in
state hospitals they cannot hold
government jobs their movements are
restricted Mohammed says they live
effectively in apartheid like conditions
he was a school teacher before joining
the ranks of arson he talked to students
who are discriminated against and
refused entry to state schools Muhammad
believes it is because of the dark color
of their skin and because they are
mostly Muslims and Hindus and
non-buddhists like the other ethnic
groups their hinges are treated with
such hate and so over the years many had
already fled to Bangladesh escaping
persecution others remain displaced in
Rakhine what happened mid-august why did
arson the ericon rahega Salvation Army
start an uprising against the Myanmar
government or authority either with me
k-11 attila money but my anger is that
Hawken of it you know me to Teeter a
coon are flowing a community whatever
always had earlier here at the air from
their own mother money could I would
have only in the last three years
clashes between Muslim or Hingis and
Buddhists as well as the security forces
have intensified an advisory commission
made up of members of civil society led
by former UN Secretary General Kofi
Annan was appointed to look into the
conflict
and the fresh ideas of Europe which is
patiently in their eternal cycle
despite anons
appeal for renewed dialogue in peace a
day after this statement
Arzo launched its attack they say to
draw attention to their plight Kofi
Annan made this report asking the
Myanmar government to create safe zones
for the rangas why the need for an armed
group inside the state the left corner
classy money aquarium idea how did you
do negative Chloe each other good
Renault salon Okumura mother moose
ammonia the lovely Eddie it already
Chanukah de acuerdo michael de anda
cutter how move eternally yeah Nvidia
that IKEA today what do you want
what does your armed group want to
colonial kimono holding a little money I
have to my right my dear for a year at a
fun efficient elegant attitude the
engine is a little vanilla bergamot here
is the national Turkey money in the
libido to full circle Yuri and in our
table there are two chances okay soon
allocate money related to the group is
led by this man
atala Abraham born in exile in Karachi
Pakistan he grew up in Saudi Arabia
before moving back to the Rakhine to
head the movement there had been armed
groups before but none as successful as
ourself the group was created after the
2012 Rakhine State riots
what started as a small dispute between
dozens of rahaga Muslims and local
Buddhists turned in matter of weeks into
a nationwide crackdown against Muslims
in Myanmar
regardless of their ethnicity in the
Rakhine non-muslim rangas like Hindus
were also targeted thousands fled by
boat to Malaysia and Indonesia the
then-president consent suggested the
resettlement of all of them abroad now
in Bangladesh among the ringa refugees
are many Hindus they to continue to flee
persecution they face in their homeland
the militant group was first called
hurricane Joaquin
meaning movement of faith you change
your name from Ali Akeem which was a
Muslim inspired organization to the
ericon Roja Salvation Army why are you a
religious based movement and I remember
that I didn't really money Ronnie Barkan
business CD proving Gary goonie well
already - one little WRA TV yeah America
the most pseudonym Anna
oh okay no hey for the last sixty nine
years Myanmar's army is fighting eight
insurgencies in what is best described
as the world's longest civil war unlike
the other rebellions the fight against
rangas have unified the various other
ethnic groups but as monks have made
vitriolic speeches targeting Rohingya
Muslims do you know the matter of fact
is they are not people from our country
they are migrants and expand by breeding
their tribe in our country Buddhism is
more than a religion it's the nation's
identity monks are the moral authority
with the return to democracy in 2012
came freedom of speech some Buddhist
monks have used this new freedom to
spread hate speech using social media
they fear that the Buddhist fabric is
under attack from Muslims and rangas the
Kofi Annan report recommends the
government to create much-needed
legislation against hate speech 66d is a
law that makes defamation criminal it's
been used to jail journalists critical
of the government not monks spreading
hate among those targeting Muslims are
former political prisoners and members
of an sang-soo cheese party the National
League for Democracy the celebrated
Nobel Peace Prize laureates spent 15
years in house arrest before being
elected member of parliament in an
interview with Al Jazeera in 2013 she
laid out her vision of Myanmar
and her focus on Human Rights there
injurer being very badly persecuted at
the moment how do you feel about I'm not
happy about it I'm not happy about the
fact that there should be such tension
in our country and also I'm unhappy
about the fact that there's so much
focus on these troubles that it is
difficult for us to resolve them calmly
with so much attention focused on the
tension the violence the disagreements
it is very difficult first to work out a
peaceful and happy solution for all
sides this is a great worry for us in
this world today nothing can be sorted
out peacefully because anything that
happens anywhere becomes a focus of
tremendous global attention and
sometimes I think we do need a bit of
quiet and a bit of space in which to
resolve our very very complicated
problems would you like to help them I
would like to help them of course I
would like to help to achieve a
situation in Burma where of which we can
be proud we we don't want to have to be
explaining why certain things are
happening in our country we want the
world to be able to understand why
they're happening
she has been compared to Nelson Mandela
for a long fight for democracy and to
Mahatma Gandhi for a Buddhist inspired
nonviolent movement although Rahim gays
are not allowed to vote they
wholeheartedly supported her during her
election campaign and sang-soo she was
seen as the beacon of change rangas
hoped she would finally recognize them
as citizens I promise
everybody who is living in this country
proper protection in accordance with the
law and in accordance with the norms of
human rights but this increasingly looks
like a broken promise this mobile video
shot by Myanmar security forces show the
beating of a Ranga at the hand of
Myanmar's military an army founded by
this man
sang-soo Chi's father affectionately
known as the major-general he is
considered the founding father of Burma
now
known as Myanmar he promoted a nation
inclusive of all the country's various
ethnic groups your other daughter of a
general he just talked about your father
why did you come to the decision that
your progress towards leading your
country was going to be a non-violent
progress a non-violent protest
my father was not violent by Nature even
as a child he was seen as a particularly
a peaceful child he was not violent tall
he was quiet and I think he was often
bullied by other children of his age
because he was not the sort of usually
fought back I think he chose to fight
for Burma's independence because he
thought then that there's no other way
to achieve it and also because as a
politician and he was an astute
politician he had a good political sense
even as a young man that seemed the
right time for the Burmese independence
movement to make a big push forward in
order that they may be able to get rid
of colonial rule but since his daughter
took office the circumstances of her
Hingis has dramatically deteriorated she
still refuses to acknowledge them by
name spokesman for our office prefer the
term Bengali which implies that the
Rohingya are illegal immigrants despite
being born in Myanmar you supported on
sang-soo Chee now that she is the leader
of Myanmar do you still support her you
are a very supportive we support very
bad you even after that you know that
money Halloween is a fornicator actually
knows it
I didn't a dermatome additionally I long
for Leo Mattoon and I ready you know why
the need for an armed group inside the
Rakhine State cannery to my room usually
didn't ya colossi the real a more classy
money aquarium idea how did he do not
attack each other do good you know
Solano whom I dunno mother Musa mundial
O'Leary
literally Hana cauda equina Michael de
Hanukkah their homily unsung SUCI is the
head of the civilian government she
shares power with the very people wet
put her in jail years earlier
Myanmar's generals it is an uneasy
balance since the return to democracy
military operations against insurgent
groups including the rangas have
increased as a result 600,000 people
have been internally displaced earlier
this year one of Sookie's close advisers
you kony a muslim lawyer tasked with
changing a constitution favoring the
military was assassinated in broad
daylight
the killers were soldiers perhaps a
warning to those wanted to reduce the
power of the generals the security
forces have been instructed to at a
strictly to the code of conduct and
carrying out security operations to
exercise all due restraint and to take
full measures to avoid collateral damage
and the harming of innocent civilians
these are satellite images of Rohingya
villages just days after her speech and
this is a week later
Amnesty International accused the
security forces of a scorched earth
campaign burning villages to the ground
Human Rights Watch compiled testimonies
of tens of thousands of young women
being raped by Myanmar forces my baby
was thrown into the fire and then they
raped me I feel like I'm burning on the
inside documented hundreds of men
rounded up and killed and dumped into
mass graves for Amnesty International
this evidence
amounts to crimes against humanity the
United Nations High Commissioner for
Human Rights calls it a text
per case of ethnic cleansing the
authorities in Myanmar must end the
military operations allow unhindered
humanitarian access and recognized the
right of refugees to return in safety
and dignity and I must also address the
grievances of the row Inga
who status has been left and resolved
for far too long
Renault Revati Christine OTT a su la
persecución de la manera religiosa
in OC Fratelli pro india various primary
total a me a witch in Hansel or oh hey
tuti no camels in your a diesel Valley
he sushi Terry womany a dawn in the
Bonneville anta in Laura Otto Kelly Diaw
no hippie any dairy
despite worldwide condemnation no
independent investigators or aid
agencies have been allowed in the
Rockland State
me and Mark conducted its own
investigation and deny any wrongdoing
instead it accuses Arsuf or this exodus
the generals have called on all those
that are citizens to return back home
but most rangas have no documentation
they are considered illegal immigrants
few can actually take up this offer the
military placed booby traps along the
border preventing people to come back
given the situation where there are land
mines on the myanmar side of the border
and hundreds of thousands of people that
have fled across to bangladesh what will
your armed group do now I have two
Romanichal envelope bases sir money
pseudonym additional angrily money
solution had already been laid by the
baby anywhere I'm good at women a career
by the good of my accumulated brevity of
coveted by the alumni remember to know
that arses founder grew up in Saudi
Arabia but it is not known whether there
is a Saudi role in the organization it
has the backing of Ranga refugees who
live in Saudi Arabia and elsewhere in
the Muslim world the International
Crisis Group believes there are hundreds
of her hanga fighters inside Myanmar
tell us about the situation with atala
your leader
is he alive and where is he Rania you
are cannot are you equipped do you have
arms
do you have support do you have money -
money
they are gonna like it nila immunity
money in reserve but one attitude like
an era hindered ellebra
could really see money are a little too
hard le Akula jerezdj do wherever you
have your fighters received any training
i am i have a DVD wherein in Rakhine
State
in September arson ounce a ceasefire
hoping this would allow humanitarians to
access the area however no foreign aid
has been allowed in the Rakhine despite
worldwide criticism the clearing
operation continues backed by two
important regional power China and India
the to economic rivals don't see eye to
eye on much but they both support
Myanmar's government providing it with
the military equipment used in this
crackdown Prime Minister Modi in a visit
to Myanmar expressed concerns over the
rise of extremism pointing the blame on
rangas India to has pushed back some of
the Rohingya refugees in its own country
China a permanent member of the UN
Security Council has consistently sided
with Myanmar preventing a strong
resolution to be voted in both share
land borders with the country and have
vested interests India plans to build a
1360 kilometre highway connecting it to
Thailand it has signed agreements on
preferential trade of minerals found
mostly in the Rakhine state itself China
wants to build a deep-sea port also in
the Rakhine State in order to make
merchants travel to Europe and North
America faster human rights groups fear
the clearing operation of Ranga villages
is to free up land that will be used for
China in India's investment projects in
November an sang-soo chief finally made
her first visit to the affected area she
came not with humanitarian aid or
independent observers but with a few
government officials and a large cohort
of business leaders and tycoons the
message is clear this is about business
first
there are so a lot of men that are left
inside the rock Hinde state right now
most of the people that we see here are
women and children are these men
preparing more attacks
okay good evil money flying in Halawa
are already matter generally you know my
daddy was playing at me how far are the
fighters of your group willing to go in
order to ensure your rights
vanilla attitude right here on Judy
money
it's a to hell fighter booth during all
I wanted to just do sake loggerhead do
not shop tonight yeah I love to kill a
day it a little bit loudly no would be
like we donated to money
so yeah I'm fighting attitude on a
condition monetarily money how many we
are you will need to do suicide attacks
suicide bombings in the library
you
