this fury in the White House as a new
book lays bad Donald Trump's first year
in office the US president has slammed
it pulling the author a loser but what
are the ramifications of this book for
the Middle East and Trump's presidency
this is inside story
hello and welcome to the program on
Hoshi mahabhava there's so much demand
for a new book on Donald Trump sauce
can't keep up with demand
it's publishers had to release it early
after the president's lawyers were
turned to sue them and the former White
House adviser Steve Bannon the book is
written by Michael Wolfe and draws a
picture of the chaotic first year in
office
Trump has slammed it as phony but what
will be the impact of Wolf's work we'll
get to our guests in just a moment but
first then Estabrook reports from
Washington DC
crowds swarmed this Washington bookstore
at midnight Friday snatching up copies
of fire and fury inside the Trump White
House the crowds right now I can't take
your order over the phone politics and
prose opened at 10:00 a.m.
within 30 minutes eager buyers had
nabbed all 30 copies the store had I'm
super excited to read this I went to a
couple of different bookstores even
midnight last night there was a another
bookstore selling this they sought out
in 20 minutes why are you so interested
in this book why would I not be
interested in this book it is so
salacious and juicy i'm politics die
hard and at 320 pages this is a
relatively light tome but it is filled
with explosive material the author
Michael Wolfe said he spent 18 months
conducting about 200 interviews with
senior White House staff in one passage
Wolfe says former British Prime Minister
Tony Blair offered this nugget of
information to the president's
son-in-law Jared Kushner there was he
suggested the possibility that the
British had had the Trump campaign staff
under surveillance
Blair is denying the claim
another passage describes a potential
change in Saudi Arabia the president was
considering before his trip last spring
to the Middle East in the days before
his departure he was telling people that
the Saudis were going to finance an
entirely new military presence in the
kingdom supplanting and even replacing
the US command headquarters in Qatar
fire and fury wasn't supposed to be
released until Tuesday but the books
publisher moved the date up after
attorneys for president Trump issued a
cease and desist letter threatening
legal action in an interview Friday
morning author Michael Wolfe stood by
his book and added this observation the
one description that that everyone gave
everyone has in common they all say he
is like a child and what they mean by
that is he has a need for immediate
gratification it's all about him the
White House is labeling fire and fury
tabloid trash President Trump wouldn't
answer questions about the book Friday
afternoon but tweeted I never spoke to
him for the book full of lies
misrepresentations and sources that
don't exist still fire and fury is yet
another distraction for a White House
that is trying to advance among other
things a new immigration plan and a
spending plan to avoid a looming
government shutdown Dianne Estabrook al
Jazeera Washington
as Diane Manchin wells book includes a
wide array of interviews and covers a
range of topics for today's episode we
want to focus on what Walt says about
trumps Middle East policy for example
his support of Saudi Crown Prince
Mohammed bin Salman MBS as he's known
had assumed that position in June soon
after Trump's visit to Riyadh Wolff
writes within weeks of the trip MBS
detaining Mohammed bin Nayef white in
the dead of night would force him to
relinquish the Crown Prince title Trump
would have friends that he and judge
Kushner had engineered this we've put
our man on top let's bring in our guest
joining us on the set here in Doha
Mohammed Shaka with Professor of complex
resolution at George Mason University in
Beirut a la mejora senior public policy
fellow and adjunct professor of
journalism at the American University of
Beirut and in London in black visiting
senior fellow of the London School of
Economics Middle East Center welcome to
you all
so Mohammad how we all like to ask you
this we we've read the excerpts of the
book they show us some they offer us a
glimpse into the inner workings of the
Trump administration particularly it
comes to the Middle East
just the Trump administration has a real
strategy when it comes to the Middle
East well first let's see or at least
acknowledge that this is a well
documented account of the dynamics of
the Trump's wound as well as his
approach to foreign policy now we have
seen there is this interesting
revelation that Trump has or had a major
role and portion or paving the way for
Hamad bin Salman to be the new
decision-maker in Riyadh the issue here
is how far we are accepting this reality
that there is a u.s. or a trumpet
involvement delivery involvement at the
same time it proves one thing that Trump
believes in the club of the powerful man
he prefers to deal with individuals who
have some cloud instead of dealing with
institutions or governments the question
remains how far this Trump bin Salman
see see toward the in Philippine can
last for a long time
mr. horrid I mean generally speaking the
idea that we have is that when it comes
to like the white the white house you
would have chief strategist connecting
the dots putting the maps and planning
the future suddenly what we get from the
book is series of mushy dashes and
intrigues does it come as a surprise to
you or do you think this is quite normal
in that environment it's normal for the
Trump White House it's not normal for
previous White House's and I've been
involved with the talking to people and
reporting on these issues for about the
last 45 years talking offering to people
in the White House in Washington and
other places so this is very Trump
related policymaking it's very
individualized it's based on a lot of
ignorance about the realities of the
Middle East which is the area we're
talking about now and also total disdain
and disregard for the 400 million people
who are the citizens of the Arab world
they're dealing with individuals as as
Mohamed just said they're they deal with
the Sisi Hamad bin Salman Netanyahu and
that's about it
the others are secondary they don't
particularly care about the what happens
to the people in the Middle East they're
interested in their own partnerships
with these people and they're mostly
basing this on a relationship between
two people who are acting essentially
like adolescence which is Hamad bin
Salman and Jared Kushner younger people
30 to 33 years old no experience no
accountability to anybody and they do
whatever they want and this is very
adolescent type behavior people get to
like each other oh you're my buddy I can
I could do a deal with you and and we're
seeing the consequences of this so this
is very peculiar to this White House
it's also extremely dangerous mr. black
I mean it's really been interesting
times since June the crisis in the GCC
crisis the blockade imposed on Qatar the
Trump decision decision on Jerusalem the
rhetoric against Iran all those series
of leading to loads of confusion in this
part of the world
now when you read the book does it do
you get to the point where you say oh
now I joined the Sun why this is a very
chaotic scenario unfolding in the region
my impression that the the extracts that
I've seen from the book relating to the
the Middle East my overwhelming feeling
is that it's actually really consistent
with everything that we've seen so far I
mean actually we know an awful lot about
how these things work what we have in
this book is the the filtered through
the in the work of an experienced
journalist we have eyewitness accounts
of how things work on the inside so for
example on the question the US Saudi
Arabian relations which is probably the
most interesting part of the Middle
Eastern chapter we we we have Trump
boasting we've got our manner we put our
men on top now this is not a work of
historical research it's what people are
saying it's what people are quoting but
that's entirely consistent with
everything that we've seen so far what I
think is important to remember and this
comes out across the book and in the
storm surrounding it and the inevitable
you know Twitter wars that are going on
is that Trump boasts he says I did this
I have delivered I am doing things that
other US presidents have failed to do
now that doesn't mean it's necessarily
true but I think the insight is there
that that's how he Trump presented we
can talk about bin Salman and his
motives and how he may have used Trump
that's a slightly different question but
Trump overall is a man who boasts about
what he has done taking creditor of the
achievements or what has been achieved
by we will definitely have to look now
in in details about some of those major
decisions taken in the region the
blockade on Qatar which is entering its
seventh month was also mentioned in
Wolf's book he writes the president
ignoring if
defying foreign policy advice given on
to the Saudis plan to bully kutta
Trump's view was that Qatar was
providing financial support to terror
groups pays no attention to a similar
Saudi history mr. Sarto II I mean this
is someone who builds this relationship
with Mohammed bin Salman who becomes
calm Prince in Saudi Arabia he says
we'll get back in from you in exchange
we'll give the go-ahead for the bullying
of Qatar is this something new in the
way politics is conducted in the last
days of America well as a young student
I was always admiring what is known the
American exceptionalism that started a
long time ago with the values of the 14
points of Woodrow Wilson at the
beginning of this century or the Kennedy
Doctrine now I see a huge decline of
more politics in the u.s. in favor of
some calculated or maybe the ugly face
of political realism we don't see a
doctrine here we don't see a manifesto
that has certain strategies basically
it's the impulses the guts and some
tendencies of a powerful man at the
White House who feels that he is
qualified enough to reorganize
international politics and maybe to
think of the Middle East as this piece
of chess he can move things as long as
he finds the right strong man to prevent
and to sort of do the political dance
with him mr. Horry the segment that
we've run just now about Qatar I mean
we've talked extensively over the last
few months about the the blockade but
just this is something which is really
intriguing someone who gives the
go-ahead for the plan by the Saudis to
bully kutta without looking into the
consequences of a decision
isn't this something we should be a
source of concern for for many people in
the United States of America absolutely
and you're seeing the consequences here
two days ago yesterday the Security
Council the United States called the
session and and the u.s. was almost
totally isolated and P
lecturing the united states about it's
ridiculous policies on Iran and on
Jerusalem so there is a huge consequence
to all of these actions not just the
consequence of us actions but the
consequence of Hamad bin Salman is
actions the consequence of Israeli
continued colonial actions autocracy
getting tighter in Egypt and all across
the region and the u.s. is supporting
regimes and leadership's that are doing
really rough things to their own people
and to their neighbors but to be to be
fair to Trump I disagree with the idea
that there is no track a strategy or
plan I've been watching them closely I
just spent three months in the United
States my sense and the documentation in
this book says it tends to support this
my sense is that there are two strands
or maybe three strands to American
consistent policy in the Middle East one
is to do anything to oppose and push
back Iran and that's not really defined
but that's generally one the second one
is to basically do almost anything that
the Israeli government wants or people
like Sheldon Adelson the big donor in
Las Vegas who supports pro-israeli
right-wing ultra nationalist groups like
Netanyahu and people like that and and I
gave Trump 25 or 35 million dollars it's
reported so they do anything to support
these people and the third one is to do
anything that will generate contracts
and money for the United States those
three things strike me as the core
strategic drivers of American policy in
the Middle East now those three things
are are implemented by novices and
ignorant novices in most cases and
uncaring novices in many cases as well
so this is a really catastrophic
situation yeah I'll bring this question
to mr. black but then again you see mr.
black the problem here is you have
people who seem to be poorly breeding
the changing dynamics in the Arab world
they're talking about key players but
they forget about the map and the
emerging forces in the region let's take
the example of Saudi Arabia for the for
Trump it's obvious he wants
Sarris to be the key players in the
region but when you look at the map you
look at what's happening in the region
it's a totally different realities what
is the problem right here well I think
that I I agree with a lot of what Rami
Khouri has just said I think the Trump
focus on Iran is in many ways the key to
what is happening in elsewhere including
with Saudi Arabia I think it's important
to recall at this at this stage that
when Trump became president his first
foreign visit was to Riyadh that was an
amazing thing to do
why why why go there why not go to
Moscow or to Beijing or to London or to
Paris somewhere far more obvious in
terms of American global relationships
Trump went to Riyadh the Saudis were
absolutely ecstatic a at that decision
and be at what he said and what he said
mostly was about Iran and it was about
undoing what his hated predecessor
Barack Obama had done that was the 2015
nuclear agreement the Saudis were
absolutely over the moon at that and I
think that a lot of what has happened
since then flows from that moment from
that initial delighted reception of
Trump in Riyadh whether it's moves on
Iran or the green light as people have
often called it for the Qatar crisis and
the catio crisis is worth pointing out
of course that Trump acted in a way that
appeared to suggest that he did not even
know or knew but didn't care that Qatar
was the home for the most important
American base in the entire Middle East
and that the that crisis was then
followed by extraordinary statements
from members of his own administration
from from Rex Tillerson and from James
mattis appearing to contradict exactly
what the President had done so it's not
just a question of a lack of consistency
and a focus on very very specific target
is also an ignorance of long-standing
previous US policy
the implications of a sudden change for
America's own position so it's both
ambition but coupled with ignorance and
blindness what had gone before mr. kaui
isn't isn't this something which is
going to put more strains on the Saudi
Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman I mean
the fact that Trump dose of putting his
own man on top in Saudi Arabia the
general perception among the Saudis if
the read the book is that the crown
prince is going to be politically
beholden to the Americans and that
ultimately he will definitely have to
return the favor to the sir to the
Americans well I think there is a
growing stigma now of mr. Mohammed bin
Salman having the support of Trump so we
will look at other possible
ramifications of this in the Arab and
the Gulf mind at the same time I think
that there was a bad investment in
Riyadh summit because I think most of
the Gulf nations or the Gulf governments
thought that having a good relationship
with a powerful man at the White House
would give them an umbrella or an extra
cover of power but then now I will if we
study his strategy or would-be strategy
for example to Saudi Arabia although I
know the one hand is supporting bin
Salman but at the same time is
criticizing the situation in Yemen at
the same time we saw how he shifted from
being on to China to having good
relationship with presentation so he
this is more of food politics and I
don't think that there is this
indication that Salman how can invest in
a different but what seems now is that
it's going to add to this fragmentation
of Salomon's base within Saudis either
at the level of the clerics or the youth
population so we are looking at a figure
who becomes more controversial Jerusalem
has been dominating headlines for weeks
now Trump formally recognized the city
as Israel's capital last month according
to walls book this was something former
advisor Steve Bannon had been planning
since before inauguration he allegedly
said day one were moving the US Embassy
to
Jerusalem let children take the West
Bank let Egypt take Gaza let them deal
with it or sink trying mr. Horry
what would you command to this let
Jordan take the West Bank the Egyptians
take Gaza
let them deal with it and sing trying I
was just going to actually jump in on
that because that strikes me as one of
the most telling statements in this book
at least on the Middle East segments
this sentiment of really total disdain
and uncaring abandoned about even your
close allies like Jordan and Egypt are
supposed to be close allies to the
United States and and and the top
strategist in the White House is saying
let them deal with it or sink trying it
also says a lot about their ignorance
about both Gaza and the West Bank and
the realities in in those places that
neither of them want to be part of
Jordan or part of Egypt they want to be
part of her independent sovereign
Palestinian state that's not occupied by
Israel with Jerusalem East Jerusalem as
its capital but this what this tells us
what this should tell CC and King
Abdullah and Jordan and and Hamad bin
Salman and others around the region his
Trump will deal with you like he's now
calling Bannon a cheat and an idiot and
a crook and a lawyer and a and he's lost
his mind and whatever so he you know
anybody who builds a relationship
political relationship honor a person
like Donald Trump is building a castle
and on sand it's really outrageous for
anybody to expect Trump to be either
consistent or faithful and we've seen it
with his with his own people in the
White House we've seen how they think in
the White House and we've seen how
people in the top level in the White
House turn against each other
immediately and again the best the word
I use is adolescence these are like 14
year old kids on a playground with no
long-term strategic values or goals just
trying to get the most self
gratification they can mr. black trumpet
described his approach for the Middle
East as the ultimate deal now if you
couple it with the revelations in the
book what would you say
I think the Trump's decision on
Jerusalem is very very revealing and of
course there's no question I think
everybody would would agree that
Jerusalem is the most difficult of those
that bundle of difficult issues that lie
at the heart of the israeli-palestinian
conflict when Trump carried out his
long-standing election promise in early
December and announced the recognition
of Jerusalem as Israel's capital and the
plan to least eventually to move the
embassy there it was a really really
striking a really stark illustration of
how he operates
he appeared not to give a damn for the
peoples of the region locked into this
terrible conflict he appeared to be
thinking solely about his own political
base at home his own domestic
constituency he said very pointedly if
you remember that previous American
presidents have promised to move the US
Embassy from Tanana to Jerusalem they'd
failed to do so he was the only one to
deliver he emphasized how he had
delivered he was flanked by the vice
president Mike Pence with his well known
connections to the evangelical Christian
Lobby it was all about delivering to his
constituency it had nothing whatsoever
to do with resolving helping resume I
see if I even trying to help resolve the
world's most intractable conflict that
was a very very revealing moment and of
course it has been enormous ly damaging
as has been his threat now to withdraw
funding from the understandably
infuriated Palestinians he doesn't give
a damn enormously damaging asthma Sir
Ian Black was describing the initiative
for the it's Muslim Hamas okay we're
very briefly whatever he had in mind
about the Middle East do you think that
the idea is definitely going to be now
irrelevant shelves forever given the
developments on the ground reactions
among key players even key players in
the region I think what we have known so
far having studied
Krum for two and a half years he is into
this mindset of political tetrax he
comes up with very controversial
decisions but he never shows a plan B so
once there is a resistance in the Middle
East then you he will take us somewhere
else so we are not going to revisit
these issues because he knows that they
are and diplomatic and there is no way
to have them implemented so he is not a
man who can resist the resistance coming
the other way
mr. Saha mr. black mr. Houri good to
have you on the show and is always
interesting to listen to your insights
and thank you too for watching you can
see that program again any time by
visiting our website aljazeera.com and
for further discussion go to our
Facebook page
thus facebook.com forward slash AJ
inside story you can also join the
conversation on twitter our handle is at
aj inside sorry for me Hashem Avila the
whole team here bye for now
you
