finally a ray of good news concerning
the environment NASA scientists say
ozone depletion is going down the ozone
layer is a protective gas in the
atmosphere that shields earth from
harmful ultraviolet rays from the Sun
this is the source of the good news and
NASA satellite that monitors the hole in
the ozone layer which was first detected
at the end of the 1970s that's what
we're excited about is that we see for
the first time chlorine levels are
definitely going down and ozone levels
are responding to it man-made chemicals
called chlorofluorocarbons or CFCs left
chlorine in the atmosphere that
destroyed ozone molecules the damage
from the ozone layer has been blamed for
an increase in skin cancers because the
harmful ultraviolet radiation that gets
through and this is the effect it has on
plants CFCs were found in products like
aerosols pesticide sprays packing
materials and refrigerants and they were
banned globally in 1987 nASA has
released images that showed the change
in ozone concentrations since the CFCs
were phased out the Montreal Protocol
has been a great success once the
protocol was signed in those the the
regulations went into effect we saw at
the surface levels of ozone depleting
substances going down the scientists
wound that full recovery will take
decades because of CFCs could remain in
the atmosphere for another fifty to a
hundred years
Hanna hawkster al-jazeera
