crowd swarmed this Washington bookstore
at midnight Friday snatching up copies
of fire and fury inside the Trump White
House because of the crowds right now I
can't take your order over the phone
politics and prose opened it 10 a.m.
within 30 minutes eager buyers had
nabbed all 30 copies the store had I'm
super excited to read this I went to a
couple of different bookstores even
midnight last night there was a another
book store selling this they sold out in
20 minutes why are you so interested in
this book why would I not be interested
in this book it is so salacious and
juicy i'm politics die hard and at 320
pages this is a relatively light tome
but it is filled with explosive material
the author Michael Wolfe said he spent
18 months conducting about 200
interviews with senior White House staff
in one passage Wolfe says former British
Prime Minister Tony Blair offered this
nugget of information to the president's
son-in-law Jared Kushner there was he
suggested the possibility that the
British had had the Trump campaign staff
under surveillance
Blair is denying the claim
another passage describes a potential
change in Saudi Arabia the president was
considering before his trip last spring
to the Middle East in the days before
his departure he was telling people that
the Saudis were going to finance an
entirely new military presence in the
kingdom supplanting and even replacing
the US command headquarters in Qatar
fire and fury wasn't supposed to be
released until Tuesday but the books
publisher moved the date up after
attorneys for president Trump issued a
cease and desist letter threatening
legal action in an interview Friday
morning author Michael Wolfe stood by
his book and added this observation the
one description that that everyone gave
everyone has in common they all say he
is like a child and what they mean by
that is he has a need for immediate
gratification it's all about him the
White House is labeling fire and fury
tabloid trash President Trump wouldn't
answer questions about the book Friday
afternoon but tweeted I never spoke to
him for the book full of lies
misrepresentations and sources that
don't exist still fire and fury is yet
another distraction for a White House
that is trying to advance among other
things a new immigration plan and a
spending plan to avoid a looming
government shutdown Dianne Estabrook al
Jazeera Washington
