extreme measures to contain a national
health crisis this is a barricade in
Zambia's capital Lusaka
street sellers pitching in to help the
military close off one of the city's
crowded marketplaces that have become a
breeding ground for cholera before the
onset of the rainy season there was a
spectating that that it will terminate
because the rain season is getting
deeper into a field where there will be
Friday waters in several places the
government decided to needed escalated
airports the outbreak began at the end
of September with bacteria showing off
in shallow wells into densely populated
areas on the outskirts of Lusaka the
wells were filled in but not before the
disease spread to the city more than
2,000 people have been infected in just
over three months cholera is a bacterial
disease usually spread through
contaminated water it preys on the most
vulnerable the frail and weak but even
the healthy are at risk left untreated
it can kill within hours with the
backing of the UN Zambia has launched a
cholera vaccination campaign set up
treatment centers and closed off some
public spaces Church gatherings in the
epicenters in areas where the epicenters
epicenter is an homage pad garden and
the lists as has been provided by our
colleagues from the command center and
not-allowed funeral gatherings are not
allowed public others are not allowed
the ban extends to schools due to regime
classes this week and to restaurants
where health workers have found
contaminated food the government says
it's confident the outbreak can be
contained within the next few weeks but
spreading the message of proper hygiene
and sanitation may take longer than that
victoria gates and b al jazeera
