in a few days the truce village of
Panmunjom on the Demilitarized Zone that
separates North and South Korea will be
a hive of activity representatives from
the two countries will hold high-level
talks here
for the first time in more than two
years earlier this week North Korean
leader Kim jong-un initiated dialogue in
his New Year's Day address four days
later his government agreed to hold
talks the announcement came just hours
after the u.s. and South Korea agreed to
postpone annual military drills
scheduled for the end of February these
have long been regarded as provocative
by Pyongyang the two leaders agreed not
to conduct South korea-us joint military
drills during the tomtom Olympics and to
do their best to ensure the security of
the Olympics next week's discussions
will Center on North Korea's
participation in the upcoming Winter
Olympics as well as generally improving
inter-korean relations but officials
here in South Korea are also hoping the
negotiations will eventually lead to
North Korea returning to international
talks on its nuclear program even so
president moon jae-in is cautiously
optimistic saying we should refrain from
making premature judgement or
expectation the Japanese defense
minister also sounded a note of caution
Luigi North Korea goes through phases of
apparent dialogue and provocations but
either way North Korea is continuing its
nuclear and missile development we have
no intention of weakening our warning
and surveillance in his New Year's Day
speech said North Korea would maintain
its nuclear weapons program and even
called for the mass production and
deployment of nuclear warheads and
missiles from the conservative
perspective North Korea is trying to buy
time the majority seems to believe that
North Korea is trying to finalize its
technical development - to achieve
operational ICBM so you know as US CIA
has announced before they are talking
about two three months time in terms of
finalizing the ICBM system and looks
like this is a perfect action on their
side you know to buy time
last year North Korea test-fired three
intercontinental ballistic missiles or
ICBMs including one that it says it's
capable of reaching the US mainland many
hope the upcoming talks remain the best
option for now of de-escalating the
crisis on the Korean Peninsula
Florence lui al Jazeera saw
