the size of these pro-government rallies
is a message to Iran's critics at home
and abroad Iran's government has plenty
of public support and is here to stay
speaking to a crowd in the northern city
of mush odd-even a political rival of
Iran's president in the last election
said that predictions by foreign foes of
an imminent overthrow of the government
was a miscalculation this crowd is
glorious and meaningful when Iranian
people felt the footprint of the enemy
they came to the scene and declared
their hatred of America Zionists and all
the arrogant powers pro-establishment
rallies in recent days would suggest
that a majority of Iranians are in favor
of maintaining Iran's way of government
especially in the face of violent
instability but they don't necessarily
support president Hassan rouhani's
policies the economic problems that
sparked the now waning anti-government
demonstrations in the first place are
still a challenge for the rouhani
administration Peres condominium uShip
Montana the main issue for the people is
currently inflation and the economy
economic problems have resulted in
corruption and moral issues in society
economic stability is very important
everyone who takes office makes some
promises but they can't fulfill them the
recent protests were because of high
prices things shouldn't be so expensive
that people have to cry out it was
because officials didn't care about the
people the cost of living is on the rise
as is unemployment and the economic
boost rouhani promised with his
reelection has yet to materialize
despite the partial lifting of economic
sanctions following the nuclear deal
with Western powers in 2015 it's the
kind of criticism that is getting harder
to deny even if it comes from the exiled
and former Iranian monarchy the core
issue is the dismal economic situation
that forces people to voice out their
anger but it's beyond that now it's
going to a point of knowing that the
result the reason why you're in such a
mess is because of a total not only
mismanagement of the system but it's
basic non care for the people government
supporters are calling for all Iranians
to be a part of solving the country's
problems
the government should adhere to its
promises the promises talked about
during the election and be accountable
the whole country can help solve the
economic and political problems here for
now public support for the government
appears to have ended a violent week of
anti-establishment protests what comes
next will depend largely on how Iran's
leaders deal with the country's economy
and what even they admit are the
legitimate grievances of their own
people
Zane Basra via al Jazeera Tehran
