in 1993 Canadian soldiers deployed to
Somalia tortured and murdered a 16 year
old Somali boy after a court-martial
several were jailed an entire regiment
was disbanded in disgrace
now it's emerged that the Canadian
military was giving its soldiers meth
liquid and many may have been
experiencing it's now well documented
neuropsychiatric side effects
how many more families gotta stand here
on these steps and tell you what meth
Luke wing actually does to your family
soldiers are suffering from meth liquid
it is not always PTSD stop using this
drug burn the recipe Marg machi and
veterans of many Canadian overseas
deployments have gathered outside
Parliament calling for more support for
those who suffered from meth liquin use
organiser Dave Bona who is in Somalia in
1992 says the drug continues to take a
horrendous toll a veteran a week is
coming through our Facebook feeds that
have committed suicide so it's still
happening lionel desmond a veteran of
canada's mission to afghanistan killed
his mother wife and daughter before
committing suicide he'd been diagnosed
with PTSD but his family has now found
out that he'd been taking meth liquid
his sister's told the ottawa rally it
was time for action this is why we're
here today to continue this fight not
only for an inquiry into my brother's
death but to also make sure that that
little white pill called meth liquid is
kicked to the curb and we know change is
going to occur and we won't have to sit
here and worry about anybody falling
back in the cracks no more as of last
june canada no longer requires its
troops overseas to take mefloquine but
unlike the u.s. Australia and Germany it
hasn't banned the drug entirely from use
by the military international
campaigners want Canada to look
seriously at the role of meth liquid in
problems experienced by Canadian
soldiers overseas
I suspect that part of the reason the
Canadian military and the Canadian
government are reluctant to be too
critical of mefloquine even when other
countries have all but abandoned it
is because this would force the Canadian
government to come to terms with some
very unpleasant moments in its history
while the Canadian government is finally
taking some steps to deal with this
dangerous anti-malarial these veterans
who've come here today and the thousands
who support them say there's much more
that needs to be done
Daniel lac al-jazeera
