Hakan attila took the stand and insisted
he never conspired to evade US sanctions
at the deputy general manager of Hulk
bank his attorney suggested his boss and
others were to blame but it was a Atilla
who was arrested while traveling to the
United States while his boss and others
charged in the case remained free in
Turkey
the only other defendant to face trial
in the u.s. turkish-iranian gold trader
Reza's Arab he pleaded guilty and became
a key witness for the prosecution making
accusations that rose to the top of
turkey's government sir Rob testified he
paid tens of millions in bribes to
government ministers in the scheme that
President recipe.i apparent one who self
had authorized when he was Prime
Minister Turkish officials who initially
lobbied US officials for Saabs release
have now moved to condemning him and
seizing his assets the very fact that
era Diwan has been so concerned about
this case does suggest that at some
level he feels vulnerable however given
the ease with which he's dealt with
previous allegations of corruption in
the past it's hard to imagine this it's
hard to imagine as some have suggested
this is gonna be the thing that brings
him down air diwan's government claims
the u.s. is trying to weaken his
government and do the bidding of
political rival for tula Gulen who lives
in the United States this court case has
stopped being judicial and became
completely political with the sole aim
to corner Turkey and its economy and
damaged the country a charge prosecutors
have described as ridiculous
you can choose to willfully help Iran
said acting US Attorney June Kim in a
statement or you can choose to be a part
of the international banking community
transacting in u.s. dollars but you
can't do both sir Rob provided no
evidence that attila ever took a bribe
but as US prosecutors successfully
argued that didn't mean he was innocent
now he could face decades behind bars
for a scheme he helped design but others
including zurab got rich off of kristin
salumi al jazeera New York
