markets are being hit civilians the
victims civil defense volunteers rushed
to help those who are still alive in
recent days at least 40 people have been
killed in what opposition activists
described as indiscriminant bombardments
air strikes believed to be carried out
by Syrian government warplanes have
intensified in the besieged rebel
controlled area of eastern hota and it
is residential neighborhoods that are
coming under fire the government says it
has launched what it calls a
counter-offensive because rebels are
firing shells into territories under its
control but rebels say the government is
trying to help troops trapped in a
military installation in the suburb of
her asta the clashes between regime
forces and rebels are continuing around
the military base in her asta rebels
have taken ground and government troops
are trapped in three buildings we
understand that there are negotiations
to secure their release but so far there
is no agreement the recent attacks may
be linked to the fighting in her hasta
but it has been weeks since the
government stepped up its military
campaign in what is supposed to be a
de-escalation zone the Syrian
Observatory for Human Rights said almost
200 civilians were killed in strikes and
shelling including many women and
children civilians are not just getting
killed in attacks children are dying
from malnutrition patients are dying
from the lack of medicines Eastern luta
is under a tight siege by Syrian
government forces the United Nations is
warning that the situation has reached a
critical point food is in short supply
and the International Committee of the
Red Cross has also expressed alarm with
what it calls a humanitarian crisis
Eastern Utah is densely populated some
400,000 people live there it's on the
doorstep of Damascus the seat of the
government's power pro-government forces
want to recapture this region but so far
its forces haven't been able to make any
advances on the ground so its strategy
is to punish civilians for supporting
the rebels in the hope that they all
surrender sanika there al Jazeera Beirut
