Donald Trump said Jerusalem is the
capital of Israel and now Israeli MPs
have passed a new law making it harder
for any future government to compromise
with the Palestinians what hopes then
for a two-state solution this is inside
story
hello welcome to the program I'm
Adrienne Finnegan in the words of one
Israeli opposition MP when Jerusalem
burns everything burns Naaman Shia fears
a newly passed law in the Knesset could
lead to more unrest in the Middle East
the Israeli law makes it harder to
divide the contested capital of
Jerusalem in any future deal with the
Palestinians and it reduces the
Palestinian population of the city by
1/3 new borders have been drawn up so
that several Arab neighborhoods are now
outside Jerusalem it could all have a
dramatic impact on any peace deal
between Israel and Palestine with some
saying it's yet another fatal blow to
the two-state solution we'll get to our
guests in just a moment but first
Mohammad jamjam reports from West
Jerusalem at its core this new law would
require that 80 of a hundred and twenty
Knesset members or a full two-thirds of
the Knesset would now be required to
approve any future legislation that
would attempt to divide Jerusalem
essentially that would ensure that
Jerusalem would remain off of the
negotiating table when it comes to any
future peace talks of course that would
complicate an already very complicated
situation now this vote comes on the
heels of another contentious vote vote
that happened on Sunday this was a vote
by the Central Committee of the Likud
Party they voted to annex large portions
of the occupied West Bank now the first
thing to remember is that that
resolution aliy voted on is not binding
it also we've not yet heard any reaction
from Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu
as to whether he will endorse that
resolution and actually try to take it
to the Knesset to get it passed into law
but that resolution after it passed was
causing great consternation and anger
amongst Palestinians of course
Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas said
that this was considered an aggression
against the Palestinian people taken
together with this new vote it really
shows just how tenuous the situation
remains and how uncertain things really
are on the ground here
or Jerusalem has so much significance
for so many people that it's long been a
sticking point in the peace process
Jerusalem became the religious center of
Judaism when the Holy Temple was built
around 3,000 years ago the crucifixion
of Jesus Christ around a thousand years
later made the city central to the
Christian faith and the city is hugely
significant to Muslims to home to Alex a
mosque the third holiest place in Islam
the creation of the nation of Israel in
1947 divided the city West Jerusalem was
deemed part of Israel and the East put
under Jordanian control that lasted
until the six-day war in 1967 when
Israeli troops seized East Jerusalem
that half of the city has been under
Israeli occupation ever since despite
the UN declaring the Israeli invasion
illegal let's bring in our guests for
today's discussion joining us from Amman
in Jordan is Moran Rabbani a political
analyst and senior fellow with the
Institute for Palestine Studies from
Jerusalem were joined by Robbie Sabol a
former legal adviser to Israel's foreign
ministry and professor of international
law at Hebrew University and also
Jeffrey Aronson a non-resident scholar
at the Middle East Institute who
specializes in the arab-israeli conflict
he joins us from Washington DC gentlemen
welcome to you all Jeffrey we'll start
with you first this was an amendment to
an existing law that the Knesset passed
what do you make of it well in its
practical effect I think it's it's left
to be determined I think more
importantly it's a reflection of the of
the absence of any degree of consensus
on the part of the major parties that
are party to to the conflict about how
to proceed in the past the the Oslo
Accords for better or worse were the
framework through which these kinds of
issues were being debated framed and
addressed with the failure of the Obama
administration's efforts to to progress
on that front we've seen this is a one
manifestation of the costs that are
being born
by the Obama administration's failure
that that is the struggle to determine
the the diplomatic agenda for the future
and this is a reflection of Israel's
attempt to put on the table essentially
fait accompli about how to address the
city's future in any consensual effort
to resolve it diplomatically robust Abel
in Jerusalem human rights groups have
warned that that what's really going on
here is an ethnic cleansing in order to
build a greater Jewish Jerusalem are
they right
there's no I think clay cleansing in
fact the Muslim population has grown
tremendously in Jerusalem since 67 the
issue of Jerusalem is on the table
in the Oslo agreements we agreed to
negotiate it and as you pointed out in
the opening there are Muslim holy sites
we aware of them we're willing to
negotiate some special status it's
worthwhile recording that we've already
negotiated with the Vatican special
status for the Catholic holy sites by
the way the PLO did as well
and will Israel is winning and it said
it's willing to negotiate with the
Islamic world a special status for
Islamic holy sites the Lord doesn't
change anything it will make it more
difficult to reach Knesset approval for
an agreement but it's worth bearing in
mind that this law like any other law in
the Israeli Parliament can be changed by
a 6120 majority and in the past by the
way it's worth for calling there was a
law forbidding Israelis to negotiate
with the PLO the moment PLO recognized
Israel began negotiating we simply
repeal the law so this law like other
laws can be changed by the Knesset so
you're saying I mean the law it would
essentially become null and void if any
agreement is is reached on the on the
status of Jerusalem as part of any a
future deal so why then did it did it
need amending but I wouldn't cut null
and void one and say it can be repealed
as laws in the past have been repealed
it's a gesture it's a gesture of the met
of the those the right wing the
coalition agreement government its
unhappy with the situation and they want
they're making it
a Croatian but basically it's stuck it's
just a declaration it does change the
fact that Israel all Israeli governments
have been willing to negotiate the
issues okay and what we need to do is to
simply sit down and negotiate
Robert Robbie you say it's a gesture but
but again I come back to there why do it
given the inflammatory nature of it you
know that the upset that it was going to
cause politicians are politicians are
politicians they have their own
constituency they wanted to make a
declaration but it doesn't change the
facts on the ground okay more in Rabbani
in jordan what do you make of this what
you've just heard is it is this this law
and attempt to alter facts on the ground
as far as you're concerned very much so
and and I think as a previous speaker
made clear as far as the Israeli
government is concerned Jerusalem is a
purely religious issue for Palestinians
and the only thing that Israel will be
willing to negotiate is access for
Palestinian Muslims and Christians to
their respective holy sites whereas in
fact what's happening here is that
Israel has sovereignty or is claiming
sovereignty illegally over all of
Jerusalem and it has illegally occupied
and annexed East Jerusalem and I think
this latest measure that it's taken in
and additionally the draft or the the
resolution that was passed by the coud√©
yesterday should be seen as Israel
seeking to take advantage of the recent
American Declaration recognising Israeli
sovereignty over Jerusalem or rather
recognizing exclusively Israeli
sovereignty over Jerusalem and I think
it's now very much a question for the
international community particularly
those who have influence over Israel and
for the Palestinians themselves to push
back and to ensure that American further
American support for Israel and
presumably American silence on this
latest measure doesn't lead to yet
further facts on the ground by by Israel
saying you think that these
these measures are designed to preempt
any future peace efforts very but so or
or perhaps more accurately to ensure
that any future peace effort or
diplomatic process conforms primarily to
Israel's vision of what a final
disposition of the occupied territories
should be in other words that all of
East Jerusalem with the exception of
some of its Arab suburbs that the main
settlement blocks the Jordan Valley and
so on that these should all be under if
not permanent Israeli sovereignty then
at least under permanent Israeli control
control and that Palestinians should
basically be limited to a few Bantu
stands here and there and perhaps an
independent entity in the Gaza Strip
jeffrey ronsen
this bill was first proposed the
amendment to the law was proposed last
year to what extent could it have only
gone through the Knesset though once US
president Donald Trump had recognized
Jerusalem as Israel's capital well it
was certainly the American decision is
certainly an important factor but but it
it basically only gave a tailwind to
these kinds of efforts which are
proceeding on a track in a sense
independent of the Trump
administration's preferences we have
again the the consequence of the failure
of a consensual framework for diplomatic
engagement and an Israeli effort
particularly one mounted by Israel's
right wing to create an agenda that
everyone will have to conform or or
accommodate themselves to so Trump was
certainly not playing chess with himself
when he made his historic declaration
but these these efforts are have been
underway for quite some time there
there's a history on Giroux Jerusalem
excuse me going back to nineteen
if not earlier so while Trump was
important in crystallizing these kinds
of concerns and aspirations on the part
of Israel's right wing they weren't
critical to it
Ruby sable in Jerusalem this legislation
also establishes a new local council for
the Palestinian neighborhoods that are
now effectively cut off from Jerusalem
what what are the what are the
implications of that well I think it's
it's correcting an artificial increase
of Jerusalem down in 67 when have
certain our Palestinian our villages
were attached to Jerusalem there's no
logic to them being in Jerusalem Peres
dusim they weren't part of Jerusalem
under Jordanian wall it also raises an
interesting question as whether you can
divide different have different regimes
and different parts of Jerusalem which
if I was a Palestinian I would pay
careful attention to as to Trump's
recognition he recognized the reality
all states in fact treat West Jerusalem
as Israel's capital including Arab
states including Egypt and Jordan
it was simply recognizing the reality
the final point I would like to make is
the Palestinians must sit and try and
negotiate with us there will be no
international regime which will satisfy
them or us we have to sit together and
make difficult decisions we Israelis
will have to make difficult decisions
but so did the Palestinians when I think
it's one can say that when an out states
have sat down with us and declare that
they want to reach a final peace
agreement that is Egypt and Jordan is
all as proved itself to be very willing
to make concessions but for that we need
a partner we need to sit with us and say
yes
we're going to make a final peace
agreement hope we can do that with the
Palestinians a member of the Knesset who
proposed the bill said at the time that
its goal was to prevent concessions as
part of any diplomatic deal Jerusalem
will never be on the negotiating table
she said Jerusalem's the capital of the
Jewish people will remain the capital of
the Jewish people for all eternity the
State of Israel will not allow for the
establishment of a Palestinian state
with its capital in Jerusalem and that
ultimately is what it's all about isn't
it
it's worthwhile looking at the text
Sutekh did not say jerusalem there can
be no arrangement all it said as you
need a special majority to approve it
from this one can learn that they are
answer they do understand there will
have to be some special arrangement they
want to make sure it has a large
majority eighty but even this majority
can be changed by a different majority
in a Knesset in principle Israel as said
in the Oslo agreements we will negotiate
as various issues in Jerusalem including
the religious issue and we are willing
to negotiate but again we need a partner
say yes we're going to make peace with
you and then we can negotiate one ramadi
what do you make of that well first of
all I think it's it's quite clear that
what's happening in Jerusalem in terms
of hiving off these Arab suburbs it's
it's basically demographic engineering
seeking to maximize the proportion of
Jews and minimise the proportion of of
Palestinian Muslims and Christians in
the city second of all if this is all
about recognizing reality then fine
let's recognize North Korea as a
legitimate nuclear power let's recognize
the legitimacy of the Russian annexation
of the Crimea and we can recognize all
kinds of other things under the rubric
of we're simply accommodating ourselves
to reality it's quite clear that what's
happening now is that Israel is seeking
to take advantage of the on the one hand
unprecedented American support for
Israel's extremist agenda and on the
other hand the unprecedented weakness of
not only the Palestinians but the Arabs
more generally and on the other hand the
growing disinterest and preoccupation
elsewhere of other members of the
international community to seek to
impose a permanent settlement of the
israeli-palestinian conflict through
these kinds of realities that it hopes
that first the United States and then
other prominent members of the
international community will recognize
and it's a sin
we based on permanent control of
Palestinian territory and the permanent
subjugation of the Palestinian people
right back at the beginning of that
answer when you were discussing this new
law and its implications and the council
that's going to be formed you would
agree then that though your view is that
the establishment of this new council
for the Palestinian areas is an effector
a prelude to stripping Palestinians of
of residency and barring them from
Jerusalem quite likely I mean I think it
should be seen as an attempt at
demographic engineering to maximize the
proportion of Israeli Jews and minimize
the proportion of Palestinian Muslims
and Christians and in the holy city and
if you first establish this council
separate from the existing municipal
arrangements and so on I I'm taking it
for granted that a subsequent step will
indeed be to try to reclassify these
areas or suburbs or whatever you want to
call them as somehow being outside of
Jerusalem and therefore their residents
like those of the of the rest of the
occupied Palestinian territories will be
in effect banned from entering those
areas of Jerusalem that Israel has
annexed Jeffrey um where does this leave
that the peace process and that the
two-state solution well those are two
separate questions the the peace
processes as we've come to understand it
since the post 73 era is is over it has
been for some time there hasn't been an
agreement between Israel and the PLO
since 1995 I believe with the signing of
the Oslo to agreement so it's been quite
some time since there's been any
measurable definable progress on the
diplomatic front according to to the
Oslo form formula so in that that since
the the the peace process is is
is dead what we see here our efforts to
reconstruct some sort of process but
it's based on entirely different print
principles than the ones that informed
Oslo this one is you unilateral promoted
essentially by Israel with effective us
support to to set a diplomatic agenda
defined by Israel and defined by some of
the most extreme elements in Israel who
were determined to use the rubric of
creating facts as the template for
creating a new reality that the
international community will have no
choice but to accommodate and the
response of the Trump administration and
their explicit in a sense indoor
endorsement of this policy of creating
facts is a tremendous achievement on
Israel's part certainly in the post 1967
era release able do you want to respond
to that to two issues first of all the
residents of Jerusalem will be
transferred or moved to a different
municipality who remain Israel residents
and in fact if one wanted to transfer
them let's say to the PA to Palestinian
Authority one would need eighty members
of the Knesset to do so so they're not
losing their residency the second issue
is what Trump recognized hasn't Trump
recognized was the legal reality not
just a physical reality to every state
in the world decides what its capital is
Jerusalem has been is Israel's capital
for seventy years it's been recognized
effective by all states including as I
said our state's our ambassadors present
their credentials to the Israeli
president in Jerusalem signed treaties
in Jerusalem all states recognize the
legal reality that is role as
Jerusalem's capital however the issue of
East Jerusalem is on the negotiating
table at difficult issues and that is or
remains willing to negotiate more on
Rabbani I know you want to respond to
that but we're really short on time here
I want to move the discussion on what
options do the Palestinians have now in
the face of the
well the international community is
extremely clear that Israel's annexation
of occupied East Jerusalem is null and
void and the Palestinian priority at
this point should be to focus its effort
on on the one hand the mobilization of
its own people and secondly through the
re internationalization of the question
of Palestine to ensure that the
illegality of Israel's presence in the
occupied territories including the
illegality of not only Israel's measures
but its very presence in East Jerusalem
becomes once again a a or becomes a
prominent agenda a prominent item on the
international agenda so it needs to
mobilize its own people and mobilize the
international community and that I think
will first and foremost require a
different and more effective Palestinian
leadership than that which exists at
present jeffrey ronsen would you agree
with that yeah more of the same only do
it better and quicker sir what about
further unrest in any occupied
territories is is this going is there a
fear now that this law could lead to
that Jeffrey are we heading what I'm
trying to ask is are we heading towards
a third intifada do you think well we've
been we've been describing the potential
for a third intifada since the Second
Intifada ended the fact of the matter is
is that one one hopes that that violence
and confrontation will be minimized
however what we see here is we see the
absence of any structures that that can
contain that kind of outbreak we don't
have a consensual Understanding between
Israel and the PLO the United States has
not being been an effective contributor
to to creating that kind of consensus
the international community itself is
distracted and and tired of the
Palestine conflict so we don't see too
many mechanisms in
place to constrain ad degeneration of
interaction on the ground people have
already died in these last months
specifically as a consequence of us
decisions and we can see these kinds of
actions in the Knesset as only further
inflaming the kind of opposition that is
currently stirring throughout the
occupied territories well beside you
want to respond to that and also to
tomorrow Barney's point about the
Palestinian leadership what Israel
prefer to be negotiating the future
stages of Jerusalem
with with a new more dynamic Palestinian
leadership
it's obviously not for us to decide who
the Palestinian leadership is but I
would make the point that there's no
point in talking about mobilizing
international community because to a
certain extent this is the Palestinian
tragedy feeling that the UN or the
international community will negotiate
for them they should look I think that
the example the late President Sadat and
late King Hussein who sat with us made
difficult decisions recognized Israel's
right to exist the Jewish state but had
hard demands which we said that's the
only way there's no other way the
international community is not going to
draw borders between us is not gonna
make arrangements the Palestinians have
to sit with us and I understand it's
difficult them to do it but I'm not a
mystic that they will eventually do so
gentlemen I'm afraid there we are going
to have to end the discussion many
thanks indeed to all of you more on
Rabbani Robbie Sabol and to Jeffrey
Aronson as always thank you for watching
don't forget you can see the program at
any time just by going to the website at
aljazeera.com for further discussion on
this issue join us at our Facebook page
on facebook.com forward slash AJ inside
story you can also join the conversation
on twitter our handle at aj inside story
from the adrian Finnegan and the whole
team here in Doha thanks for watching
we'll see you again
you
