okay let's drill down into the issues
there for you Ally photo dhananjaya is a
visiting fellow at the Brookings Doha
Center and associate at the Harvard
Kennedy school's Iran project Aleph
atolan eject this is not regime collapse
but equally on the other end of the
question I guess it is not a small
isolated incident so how do we label
this what do we describe it as being
well I mean those are with no doubt the
most politicized demonstrations we have
had in Iran for a very long time and
clearly the slogans are anti regimes so
they target all factions of the Islamic
Republic all factions of the
establishment and the regime change is
such a loaded term because this was
misused by a lot of imperialist projects
in the past so but what is clear is that
people are not happy with the current
regime in Iran what does it tell us
about the leadership and who's driving
this because I mean in a sense would it
be better if the demonstrations had just
fizzled and died away because now the
government obviously feels the need to
react to something well first of all we
don't see any leadership as was the case
in the Arab uprising in 2010-2011 and of
course which is different to the 2009
green movement in Iran where we have had
some kind of leadership coming from
parts of the elite who were really I
mean toning down a bit of the the
demands that many had but this time
around so we have a lot of you know
activism on the streets people from
different lower different social stratas
especially the lower and now middle
classes going you know out on the
streets and we are facing heavy put a
repression from the regime side as well
so this is something that is that we
have to watch actually clearly there are
different neighbors across the region
looking in on what's happening and
arguably they want different things to
come out of it how problematic is that
for the leadership when they have to
kind of distill down what they think
they might have to do yeah I mean it's
no doubt that there are a lot of you
know there are some external
you know forces who tend to or
instrumentalizing what is now going on
in Iran and on the other hand we have to
acknowledge that they don't have much
influence in Iran anyways so the claim
by the government to say that a lot of
these protests are instigated by the
outside when the past the same
government would say that those forces
don't have a following for example
inside Iran is just ironic so there are
a lot of you know different interests
that are whirling around Iran but at the
same time those protests or somehow
organic okay on that idea of it being
organic or at least organic outside of
Iran there are people saying actually
some of this is MBs
some of this is the crown prince in
Saudi Arabia but they're also saying
he's maybe kind of overplayed his hand
because with the GCC crisis he wanted to
give certain other countries are kicking
he wanted to send a clear message to
Iran and then you got Israel
establishing this better relationship
not the best relationship but a better
relationship with Riyadh yeah I mean
obviously I mean I was actually alluding
to those forces outside of Iran and for
example the Saudis are also supporting
an obscure Iranian cult called the
Mujahideen Ajala who are we used to be
you know who are in so-called opposition
group but a degenerated into a cult and
a terrorist group and all those groups
are trying to say that yeah we have some
kind of following in Iran and what is
happening is you know so so actually
happening with our support or whatsoever
but those are overblown you know claims
the truth of the matter is lies not with
in the outside world or with outside
forces but with the real very real
structural problems that Iranian people
have found over the years okay on those
structural problems are you surprised at
two points what point number one at the
scale and the speed of what's happened
this is Iran and also is it over yet
well I'm not surprised given if you have
been objectively following the
socio-economic indicators in Iran where
you see a huge portion of the population
perhaps some you know people are talking
about half of the population living
around the poverty line
and who have not been benefitting from
either the reformist politics or the
rouhani presidencies politic economic
policies neither from the conservative
side on the other hand you have a
fundamental lack of democratic rights in
Iran so if you take all those structural
factors plus the contingent factors the
more recent factors so they're
government's response to the earthquakes
student and labor protests and most
recently the the budget announcement of
the rouhani government that was not
really addressing those socio-economic
and political grievances which is you
know which which escalated the situation
and so if you take the structural and
condense contingent factors you cannot
be very much surprised and in fact
rather not yet many thanks
