in the freezing environment of the
Winter Olympics there might be chance
for a foreign relations between South
and North Korea hopes are being raised
following the New Year address by Kim
jong-un North Korea's leader suggested
sending a team to the Winter Games
starting in South Korea next month
government leaders in Seoul were quick
to seize the opportunity the government
proposes to hold high-level talks with
North Korea On January 9th at the peace
house in pan moon jom truce village to
discuss North Korea's participation in
the Pyeongchang Winter Olympics South
Korea's president favors talks with the
north as a way of managing Pyongyang's
nuclear and missile threats the
improvement of relations between North
and South Korea cannot go separately
with resolving North Korea's nuclear
program so the foreign ministry should
coordinate closely with allies and the
international community regarding this
the Chinese say they've noted what they
call positive signals from both sides of
the border woman who at all China
welcomes it supports North and South
Korea taking earnest efforts to treat
this is an opportunity to improve mutual
relations promote the alleviation of the
situation on the Korean Peninsula and
realize denuclearization on the
peninsula while offering to send a team
of athletes to the Olympics Kim jong-un
also said the nuclear button is always
on the desk of my office a North Korean
nuclear bomb test last year as well as
the firing of more than 20 missiles
continued to defy the world
US President Donald Trump wants to
toughen sanctions further as Pyongyang
continues to develop nuclear missiles
it says will be capable of hitting the
continental United States
if negotiators do meet next week ahead
of the Winter Olympics there will be
their first formal talks in two years
bernhard smith al jazeera
