inside the danger zone tourists are
visiting Valley's most famous temple the
sake lies just seven kilometers from the
crater of the erupting Agong volcano and
was off-limits for the past three months
the decision to reopen the tourist
attraction shows the government's
eagerness to lure visitors the volcano
is still at its highest alert level
garance - I don't agree with this
decision there are many other places
where tourists can go in Bali we can't
predict nature it's better to put safety
first around five million tourists visit
Bali every year but after the eruptions
an airport closure last month several
countries including China issued travel
warnings hotels far away from the
volcano were empty and owners were
forced to temporarily suspend staff to
reassure tourists president Joko Widodo
took selfies at one of Bali's famous
beaches tourism has recovered slightly
during the holiday season but many
Balinese are suffering c'mon kion has
worked as a guide on Mount Agung taking
around 1,000 hikers every year since
September his business has stopped
Thomas Avenue
I am confused what to do now I want to
work but I have no other work experience
than being a guide I hope someone can
give us a job because all 62 guides of
Mount Agung are now jobless we have no
money to go back to farming
volcanologists say nobody can predict
how long a goon will erupt or if the
eruptions will become bigger the last
time it erupted in 1963 it killed more
than 1500 people all living near the
volcano while the volcano continues to
erupt the government has gone out of its
way to convince tourists that Valley is
safe outside of the danger zone ten
kilometers from the crater the huge
losses in tourist revenues has taken the
authorities by surprise and some say
this is a wake-up call for the holiday
island not to fully rely on tourism
Marty we just learned how fragile his
business is over this past month
his small resort in a safe area near the
volcano has been mostly empty and he
hasn't been able to pay his staff like a
middle-class apatheia what I have
learned from this situation is that we
have no choice than to accept what
happens to us and start to look for
alternatives if my resort business fails
then maybe I can start selling food but
not all is lost for some tourists the
erupting volcano has become an
attraction in itself perhaps with the
right safety measures in place
Bali could use this spectacle of nature
to its advantage
stop fasten aljazeera Sudirman Bali
