the shrine of Sheikh Muhammad el-mahdi
Sanusi is the latest to be ransacked by
members of the Salafist movement his
grave which has been in the southern
city of Al cofre for around 100 years
was unearthed and the relics inside
stolen salafists believe that shrines
represent infidelity Libya's religious
edicts committee has condemned the act
sure hub the Rahman Godot says the
shrines are part of Libya's identity and
targeting them is shameful and against
Islamic teachings us not add our relief
there since March of 2012 we've issued
around 25 fought Wars condemning such
acts and explaining that they're a
violation of Islamic sharia law
according to the forum Muslim doctrines
we're also urging people not to unearth
graves and to refer any issues to the
authorities but clerics here seem
reluctant to openly speak out against
those who destroy the shrines the
Salafist movement was in evidence in
Libya during Muammar Gaddafi's more than
40 years in power now it has re-emerged
with the military campaign led by
renegade general Khalifa Haftar
and there are fears more historic
shrines could be demolished
during the past few years dozens of
historic mosques shrines and libraries
have been targeted consecutive
governments have done little to stop the
destruction and public anger has gone
unheard the authorities in Tripoli with
the responsibility for ancient buildings
say they can't possibly take the
necessary measures to protect historic
sites from armed assailants so they
instead try to raise people's awareness
we have already reported these
violations to UNESCO since 2013 we don't
count on governments we count only on
people's awareness however people alone
can't face militant assailants so we are
still worried that these shrines and
historic sites might be targeted to some
of the shrines are centuries old or the
unique engravings there is wrote our own
Arabic designs and mosaics
but without protection there are quite
literally just pieces of history
Muhammad Abdul Wahid al Jazeera Tripoli
