single platform growing up in Colorado
Kevon Buena always dreamt of going to
college in the United States but there
was one problem
he was undocumented I've done well as a
student as a citizen I paid taxes I'm
not a criminal and they're trying to
treat you like a criminal so I was like
maybe it's not for me
so I started exploring options in Mexico
kevin is a dreamer born in Mexico his
family took him to the US when he was
just for almost 20 years later he felt
his options there were exhausted it
registered for the Obama
administration's deferred action for
childhood arrivals program or daca which
allows undocumented minors to stay
without fear of deportation with
President Trump announcing the program's
end and with increased hostility towards
immigrants Kevin chose to leave he
received a full scholarship to study
business here at the University of
Monterrey in northern Mexico breka no
sir Asuna Becca can me do that this
scholarship is designed as a positive
message for our competitors in the u.s.
it says we recognize your value as a
Mexican as a human and as an asset and
we want you here in Mexico for many
dreamers there only references of Mexico
are of violence and poverty but
increasingly institutions such as this
University are targeting these young men
and women while they're still on the US
side of the border and they're hoping
that by offering them attractive
professional and educational
opportunities they'll choose to realize
their dreams
here in Mexico instead the Mexican
government has announced a series of
steps
it says will streamline the return of
dreamers covetous dreamers but no funds
have been allocated and some feel more
needs to be done to make Mexico more
appealing than the u.s. a lot of people
is saying yeah they are Mexican we love
them we support them but at the end of
the day a lot of people are also thing
like from like they are going to come
and install our our jobs
returning home especially after so long
is never easy but those who've done it
say this is Mexico's chance to shine
you just pre-programmed to think that
you're in the best and you're about to
go to a third world country with no
opportunities once I got here I was like
nah like I'm honestly living better than
I was in the States now and I see more
opportunity and that's that's my
motivation I know Mexico hopes Kevin's
story can be repeated with thousands
more dreamers arrived back home Julia
Galliano al-jazeera Monterrey Mexico
