resign now that's the message from
protesters to DRC president Joseph
Kabila
several people have already been killed
in a violent crackdown by security
forces so what will it take for cabina
to step down or will this African
country slide further into turmoil this
is inside story
hello welcome to the program I'm
Adrienne Finnegan it's a new year but
when it comes to politics in the
Democratic Republic of Congo there's
nothing new president Joseph Kabila has
been in power there since 2001 his
second term in office officially ended
in December 2016 but he's still there
and promised elections have never
happened
Catholics in the capital Kinshasa prayed
on Sunday they want kabila to leave but
peaceful demonstrations turned violent
at least seven people were killed and
dozens were arrested by security forces
so what does 2018 hold for the people of
DRC we'll get to our guests in just a
moment but first charlotte Bellis has
our report in the democratic republic of
congo catholic worshipers pray this
Sunday they pray with a political
purpose they want President Joseph
Kabila
gone
their prayers were heard by security
forces in Kinshasa 2017 ended as it
began Kabila's second term as president
ended in December 2016 he refused to
step down and the UN says Congolese
security forces killed 40 people who
protested the decision 460 were arrested
one year on they marched after mass 12
altar boys and priests were among the
dozens arrested tear gas was fired into
churches the hospitals filled with
protesters once more if your term is
over give opportunities to others to run
you're a son of the country you belong
in the Senate give the others the
opportunity to lead maybe they'll do it
better than you did Catholic Bishops
brokered peace talks between the
opposition and government with the
agreement that Kabila would leave office
at the end of 2017 but he's still in
power
and now the Catholics and the opposition
are united
we are come we have come here in order
to wait to pray for our nation
opposition voices can be heard binding
the fractured country from all corners
even in the troubled East a thriving
battleground between rebels security
forces say their use of force is
justified one police officer was killed
and this police station was torched by
protesters we are in need of peace I
assure all of our government authorities
that our city Goma is in peace people
should sleep calmly because we as
professional police we are doing our job
president Kabila says he will stay in
power until December 2018 because of
delays in voter registration meanwhile
voters appear to be coming increasingly
impatient
Charlotte Bellis al-jazeera
well turmoil has been a part of
Congolese politics since Kabila's father
was president laurent de xira kabila
took office in 1997 after ousting the
country's previous authoritarian leader
Mobutu Sese Seko but kabila was
assassinated in 2001 which is when his
son joseph kabila took office his first
few years in power were marred by civil
war kabila legitimized his rule in 2006
by winning elections and then won a
second term in 2011 but the Constitution
forbids Kabila from running for a third
term a presidential election was meant
to take place in November 2016 but that
was postponed repeatedly the government
cited security and logistical concerns
and ongoing ethnic violence in the past
few years has led to hundreds of
thousands of Congolese being displaced
okay let's introduce you to our guests
for today's discussion joining us from
London is a keto Tong Gamow who's
president of the Congolese support group
UK from Chicago via Skype were joined by
Jack Behati a political analyst and from
Chatham in Kent also via Skype Michael
amar visiting fellow at the fellows Lao
Qi center for Africa at the London
School of Economics gentlemen welcome to
you all I will get to you in just a
moment I want first though to bring in
Lambert Mondeo malanga who is the
Congolese minister of communications and
the government's spokesman he joins us
now on the line from Kinshasa Minister
good to have you with us the many thanks
indeed I want to get your thoughts first
of all on Sunday's violence what caused
it and why DRC security forces used such
force against largely peaceful
protesters we were formed by
municipalities of Kinshasa Saturday that
there will be some problem of security
on Sunday demonstrations because they
are the one to deal with demonstrations
and public rallies
not the government and we told them to
do so
in full inspector for laws and
humanitarian
and what they did
unfortunately we received reports lately
that there have been a number of four
person killed all around the country one
policeman 2 persons we shall find one
possible Kananga following the summer
what can I say sky wishes between police
forces and some elements that interrupt
the demonstrations so we have opened
fact-findings requiring that we going on
and maybe we are waiting the result of
this rat fighting again the justice will
minister is the President as his critics
argue trying to claim the power by
postponing elections in the DRC
indefinitely if not what's the problem
there is no president here because we
have already a schedule for elections
and we are very surprised to hear people
talking about elections about president
about you know what we have a schedule
that we are being accepted by everybody
we shall have next elections on 24 24
the same original accepted by everybody
and the local authorities with each
other at all the bishops that no
necessity and regime revenge' vigorously
denied relationship they were informed
that some terrorist elements we're ready
to take profit of the demonstration that
they didn't understand what the local
authorities problem that is what we are
requiring now that
the elections I don't see any problem
with election cake the recession we have
found money for elections
we have a date for elections and the
Electoral Commission of ended its work
of registration of electrum of all time
so what is the problem with election so
what just very briefly Minister because
we have to bring in our other guests
what would the President's message be to
the people who are taking part in these
protests against him right now they have
nothing to say about it we shall have an
action and that will be six months came
the Electoral Commission will open this
file for anybody we want to run for the
election this file is not a candidate or
will not be candidates
so the out of question artistic about it
okay
ready step many thanks D for being with
us on inside story today all right so
let's talk with our guests about what we
just heard Akito Don Gummer in London
what do you make of that yes please
thank you very much Eugen first of all
let me said sensory condolences to those
people being killed in a Congo as a
result of this barbaric regime and I
regretted to hear what a Minister have
to say in regard to this it's counting
the number of people try to minimize
those people being killed as a small
number I don't know if when they're
gonna recognize the value of people's
life it's a very strategic at where the
government is still not recognizing the
value of human right in Congo and mr.
kabila
is Clara his mandate is finish and the
minister is also say clearly now when
you ask him a very very good question to
know what a present message in a
relation to what is happening in the
Congo I'm very surprised that mr. min
the ministers conformed again to the
rest of the globe the mr. Keable has got
nothing to say that make more jobs gosh
to see there's a regime who's deleting
in the Congo cabina has a message
yesterday to the Congolese people he
didn't even care about us people's life
you can say that somebody's already
taking power by force and the killing
innocent people this is a criminal
regime at a moment we talk in and we
want to see stable of Congo the only way
we're gonna have a stability in a Congo
is to respect the Constitution on the
Congo this regime is a bridge in the
Constitution using excessive level force
and now they impose a military regime at
a moment to kill Sevilla during a very
peaceful protest and it does people been
killed the minister is a clearly
mentioned the president got nothing to
say it okay that's a shock a tractor may
that soon really show the rest of the
planet who we have in Congo Jack Behati
in Chicago I mean the president's
popularity appears to be extremely low
right across the country if there was an
election tomorrow he'd lose wouldn't he
thank you for having me on this show I
would say that nobody knows that the
president will lose but what we know is
that the constitution of Congo to to be
for another chance so definitely we
would not be discussing this question
because he is a he is required to abide
by the law and not represent himself for
the next elections Michael O'Mara and in
Chatham what do you make of what you
heard that does the president have a
responsibility under the Constitution to
remain in office until such time as as
free and fair elections can be held
safely which according to the Minister
will be by the end of 2018 well
according to what the Constitutional
Court have announced there is nautical
seventy of the Constitution and they say
that President Kabila has to remain in
office until there is a replacement so
that's the official position at the
moment although of course article 75 and
76 of the same Constitution can also
allow for the president step aside
saying that the president of the
Senate can govern during the election
during the interim period between now
and the elections but at least the
Constitutional Court have given a
position that the president should
remain in office until there is a
replacement so that's where we are at at
the moment
Michel would any what any election
overseen by Joseph Kabila if he remains
in power be free or fair that'll be very
difficult to guarantee as it looks like
that he may well be in power by then we
need to really start thinking about
steps to in a counter any moves towards
rigging an election we feel we need to
make sure that internet and social media
will be guaranteed throughout the
election period even on a 30th of
December the internet and social media
were cut because of any impending
marches on the thirty fairs so first we
need to measure the internet and social
media we need to make sure that there is
sufficient supervision of international
observers over the whole election
electric Commission outfit to make sure
that they are acting freely and fairly
and efficiently throughout the process
otherwise we really cannot guarantee
that there will be any free and fair
election we also need to make sure that
the security forces are acting properly
with regard to peaceful demonstrations
who we also need to get the opposition
and all of the parties to work with
government to make sure that they have
permission to actually go on campaign
runs and demonstrations when that's done
then it'd be also the government to make
sure that they actually can guarantee
their safety and security of campaigning
and free and fair elections
okita-san Gamow and in London I mean it
is the DRC capable at the moment of
holding free and fair elections whenever
they may be this time this year next
year the election time has already been
impossible any time in the Congo let me
huge animation if you think before our
answer to that very important I regret
it to hear some comment to mention about
Michael
I think we have to stop talking nonsense
a very regularly here Michael mentioned
that the Constitution give a Kabila
power to stenick power antenna the
prison has been elected people been
misinterpreting the law that's not what
the law said the Constitution clearly
mentioned the end of the term of the
president was after the second terms and
he's got only three months to prepare
for another president to take the office
after the election but the election
never been taken place so our mom the
president should have resign because he
felt organized the election we should
respect the Constitution here trying to
manipulate what the law said it just was
just no sense and the people have to
stop talking nonsense and international
television I regret this has been a very
common it like insulting a Congolese
people like we don't know what the laws
said we can't read the article properly
that's really unacceptable and I have
people have to stop this and number two
when again I had about something to talk
about
what a cappella should represent himself
I think we should be clear about what a
constitution said this man should be
arrested by now the Constitution forbid
him clearly that he can't not to
represent himself is using power
excessive level force to stay in power
when it come into the second question to
the capability of organizing the
election let me tell you something
Michael we could I'm sorry to tell you
something Yujin are gonna speak to you
clear on this question because it's your
question we got a president here this Co
history for breaching the law mr. Keable
has got no intention and it's got no
capability of respecting the law this is
historically this man says the day one
has been in a power we have sea change
of the Constitution we have a seat
breach of the law it's continuously
using excessive level force even killing
innocent civilian when the calling for
him to resign the calling him to respect
the Constitution and we're talking about
capability of organelles in the election
the election should take place as 2016
nothing stopping Congolese people to
have election is claiming with are no
sense of regular excuses then not to be
in place we're talking about money to
organize election we're talking about
security to organize election who fail
to have all this done
kabila should be resigned it says day 1
2016 16 okay he was a given extension in
not a year to organize election he fell
in all principle according all the law
what the law said about him okay Jack
killing innocent civilians up to be done
now Jack I'll get you no need for him
let's let's get get Michael it the
opportunity to reply to that Michael
what I was going to say was I think the
judgment was help me what I said was the
Constitutional Court have rude that
Kabila or the president would only leave
office when there is a replacement
we are aware but his mandate ran out in
December 2016 but as we speak he still
in office and I only quit her when the
Constitutional Court said no other
constitution says so I think he needs to
be mindful of that next time I also did
say that article 75 and 76 of the same
Constitution could allow the president
of the Senate to actually take over
government between now and the elections
Jack that's okay yeah all right Jack
Jack Behati in Chicago arrest
let's change tack slightly here what are
we to make of of the role of the
Catholic Church in the latest wave of
protests in the DRC and it was acting as
a broker in in the late 2016 deal that
required Kabila to leave power by the
end of last year 2017
yes the Catholic Church has been
applying the Catholic social teaching
which says that social justice is part
of the evangelization we had the
opportunity to influence the course of
history in the Democratic Republic of
Congo but after being frustrated by both
sides
when particularly the opposition did not
see clearly that they had the
possibility to to to compromise and
bring the Congo to another level and go
beyond where we are today
they were frustrated and then give up
their influence to back to the President
and here we are
with no no nothing in their hands to
influence anything going on right now so
they right now I believe they are now
proceed is another opposition group in
the Democratic Republic follow because
they are talking the same talk as the
opposition instead of being the the
neutral force in the neutral voice and
Jack why have regional powers appear to
be so reluctant to push Kapila into into
holding elections sooner rather than
later
regional powers or international powers
have spoken and they continue to call on
the communist government to hold the
elections but definitely the answer to
Congolese crisis is in the hands of the
Congolese stem cells relying on outside
forces is a mistake we have seen the
opposition going to Belgium to seek help
and collide with the former colonial
powers which which angered the current
regime so is not a good tactic actually
every African country she should learn
by now that the solution to African
problems lies in the African people
beginning by the local people seeking
power elsewhere is wrong and is not
going to be new anywhere else okay talk
about what do you make of what you just
heard what what how do you see the
situation in the DRC playing out are we
likely to see a process that eventually
brings in a new legitimate government
with international and automa see are we
likely to see a bloody uprising that
forcibly asks the government from power
or or a slow descent into inter collapse
in the country what's going to happen do
you think very same question Eugene I a
forceful would like to mention two
things that was a very important but
it's more likely to do what I heard from
my colleagues in the US I think this few
issue here we're still missing here
people believe that the Congo issue is
is that difficult or sometime it no
difficult to come out of complexity of
the situation due to mr. kabila imposing
himself to stay indefinite to any power
and I have to repeat it is that the
Constitution quoted clearly that Kabila
have to resign and have to step down we
should respect the Constitution that you
have to happen now this guy is now using
ecstasy level force to kill civilians
and I repeat now about using some
nonsensical article or people try to
defend what is not difficult but at the
mandatory Kabila should continue after
aunt another president has been elected
we should stop saying that because that
given a Kabila the power to stay
indefinitely in a power up to death
because there will be no election is
going to continue using force when it
coming to the second question any
strategy could be taken in place to have
a stable Congo appraising is a one-day
solution we respect them and people been
using them but we see the outcome people
been killed when they destroyed respects
the freedom okay
the trying to suppress the right as a
citizen and a number two when it come
into another strategy most people
killing those civilian have identified
therefore in a troop and we are calling
Congolese army is it time for them to
defend the Constitution to defend the
duty okay okay okay so just I'm sorry
feeling civilian I'm sorry to cut you
short we're almost out of time Michael
do you want to take on that question
that about about how this situation in
the DRC is gonna play out over time I
think really that the ball lies in the
court of the African Union and the South
Regional power these are the world who
should weigh in on kabuna and ask him
that you must step down or actually
we're going to drive you out all that
they should make sure that the security
apparatus has a free public space and
the public authority to ensure that the
free and fair election takes place it
would appear that that's really where my
colleagues to vent their anger towards
ensuring that the regional powers are
acting in good faith but then we also
have a problem where some of the heads
of state who knows are working in the
background supporting Joseph Kabila
I mean we know that you know
perhaps Ugandan and runner are actually
in the background making sure that he's
there they brought him there so so so so
really it's the African Union and the
sub-regional power that really have to
be blamed for what is happening in DRC
because although states can misbehave
but then there's an operator that exists
for the sub-regional and there is not
powers to be able to act okay and they
have failed to act at the moment and
that's what's causing the problem all
right gentlemen I'm afraid time is
against us and we've run out of it many
thanks indeed to all of you or kita to
an NGO mo Jack Behati and Michael a MOA
and as always thank you for watching
don't forget you can see the program
again at any time just by going to the
website aljazeera.com and for further
discussion join us on our Facebook page
at facebook.com forward slash AJ Inside
Story and you can join the conversation
on Twitter - our handle at AJ inside
story from me Adrian Finnegan and the
whole team here in Doha thanks for
watching see you again bye
you
