the currency was in India to where the
government has struggled to defend the
rupee non-essential import restrictions
announced this week have left businesses
unhappy and there are fears of
protectionist policies being put into
place the rupee is now the
worst-performing currency in Asia
despite government efforts to turn the
tide
India's often referred to as the world's
fastest-growing large economy but its
currency has hit a series of record lows
versus the dollar over the past few
months that weakness in the currency has
coincided with rising global oil prices
compounding the pain all of this means
that the current account deficit has
widened it's now at 2.4 percent of gross
domestic product so far growth has held
up gross domestic product grew 8.2
percent from April to June and that's
its fastest rise in two years but there
are worries that it may take a hit too
the finance minister in India is Alan
Jaitley he's blamed the depreciation of
the rupee on global factors including
the us-china trade war well joining us
now from Glasgow is Gregory Wynn
Gregor's chief economist at Global
Council Gregor good to have you with us
again on counting the cost of what is
going on at the moment with that with
India's economy what are you advising
clients well India is suffering from a
currency crisis at the moments the rupee
has fallen by 12 percents that's quite
significant there are a few factors that
are contributing to that the price of
oil is going up for a country like India
which imports much of its energy that
pushes up the import bill and the export
side is supposed that our concerns about
the global environment for trade us
protectionism but probably above all
there are concerns about divergence and
global monetary conditions US interest
rates rising that's exposed
vulnerabilities in quite a few countries
Argentina turkey also we've seen
currencies fall across Asia and India
has not been immune to that and that's
probably why the currencies under
pressure and that's that's a that's a
for the government you mentioned one of
the factors is the the price of fuel
India buying oil of course it in dollars
and as the repeat Falls oils just gets
more and more expensive well exactly and
accounts for quite a large parts of the
the bill for average Indians the price
of energy so it really does squeeze
living standards and it's a political
concern as I suggested and there's not a
whole lot that the the Indian economy
ministry the Finance Ministry of the
governments can do about that other than
try and address other factors that are
helping to put downward pressure on the
the rent bond the rupee so factors such
as raising interest rates that that's a
move in the right direction by the
Reserve Bank
you mentioned Turkey on Thursday turkey
announced a new economic plan which is
well it's failed to impress really
maduro forecast in that economic plan is
is India gonna be forced to follow suit
well I mean Turkey actually today is
trying to deal with concerns that it
that its economic plan has been too
vague that its response to what what is
a much more significant currency crisis
facing Turkey has been inadequate that
the Turkish leaders fall in something
like 40 percent over the course of this
year the country is a new finance menace
that it turns out it's the president's
son-in-law that that has arguably
damaged credibility of economic
policymaking in Turkey and the new
finance minister was trying to flesh out
Turkey's policy response India is not
quite in the same situation as turkey
Turkey has a much larger current account
deficit inflation's much higher in
Turkey that there are greater concerns
about the stability and sustainability
of growth in Turkey
while the Indian policy response so far
arguably has not been adequate more bill
will be required and and the direction
of policy in India is questionable with
m4 curbs Turkey has a bigger challenge
in convincing markets that actually the
substance behind the headlines of the
economic fund that the finance minister
is fleshing out today break up really
good to talk to you on cutting the cost
but he thank Cindy for being with us
you're very welcome
