it's called the crossroads of the world
attracting visitors from near and far to
ring in the new year but this year more
than ever
Times Square is in the crosshairs the
New York Police Department has seen an
increase in ISIL inspired attacks three
in the last 16 months eight people have
been killed most of them tourists I hate
he was petrified about me coming to
Times Square on your easy because of the
risk you know I see all of the policemen
around and the cameras seem like they
keep it pretty safe but I'd rather not
be around I think we're ready John
Miller the department's Deputy
Commissioner of intelligence and
counterterrorism says ISIL is more
focused on attacks in the West as it
loses ground in places like Iraq and
Syria the shift has been towards
marketing the propaganda to the masses
on the idea that some tiny tiny
infinitesimal percentage of them may act
so may go out to millions or hundreds of
thousands of people but if five of them
do something if three of them succeed or
one of them it's a great impact what the
terrorist groups are focused on is low
tech low cost but high impact NYPD
patrol officers and special ops teams
are the first line of defense this year
more will be stationed on roofs and in
hotels and nearby parking garages will
be closed police will also be using more
dogs trained to sniff out someone
carrying explosives in the crowd this is
actually where the ball is going to drop
behind the scenes at the NYPD's joint
operation center they will also be
watching the crowds for suspicious
behavior how many cameras do you have
access to in this several thousand we
can't really go into specifics not just
in Times Square but all around the city
and officers have new guidelines on how
to handle a would-be suicide bomber come
December 31st this room will be filled
with more than 100 people from state
local and federal agencies not just law
enforcement but also sanitation workers
and Ottilia tea companies anyone the
police might need to contact for a quick
emergency response it's a moment of
great pride for new york city city
officials in
Times Square will be safe terrorists
regard New York as the exact kind of
place they want to disrupt and New
Yorkers respond consistently with
strength and resiliency and plenty of
tourists are willing to take the risk I
feel like they're doing everything that
they can so I feel like we should have
nothing to worry about with so much
security cold weather may keep more
people away from this holiday tradition
than fear Kristen salumi al Jazeera New
York
