a sea of rubbish as far as the eye can
see it's a world seven meters deep and
several kilometers long moving slowly
along the Caribbean coast of Honduras
video posted in the internet by a
photographer raised the alarm marine
biologist
Gustavo Cabrera says the tide of trash
is killing nearly everything in its path
tsunami co-ceo this is an eco site
caused by garbage carried by the Mitaka
River in Guatemala there are 96
municipalities especially 13 that don't
have trash dumps and a tributary River
from the capital contributes to all this
garbage
cavitus is the rubbish Mountain is
blocking sunlight from the seed and
affecting fishing grounds coral reefs
and mangroves much of the garbage ends
up here on a moor Beach hospital and
agro industrial residues are putting the
lives of Hondurans in danger government
leaders in Honduras blame neighboring
what the malla for the disaster the
watermelon government says both
countries share the responsibility for
cleaning up the mess what the manna has
promised to send the army to clean up
the mess but the rubbish piling up on
the beaches is already having an impact
on communities along the shore
Martin Rivera says fishermen like him
are unable to catch clean healthy fish
look at my little boat I can't go far
out in the sea to fish the trash is too
close where Santos says the restaurant
hotel he manages has fewer and fewer
guests because of the filth we have less
and less guests because people want to
see clean beaches and we are losing
money also because we're spending a lot
to clean up every day the hotel boss
says the shore is a magnet for the trash
marine biologists say much of it is
plastic which can take more than 200
years to disintegrate and much of it is
liquid and invisible with experts unable
to say how much damage is being done
Vienna Sanchez al-jazeera
or more on dudas
