well we've been talking in recent days
about the record-breaking winter
conditions in parts off the US it turns
out that it's so cold that what's
happening is that sharks have been
washing up on beaches frozen solid
Andrew will take us through this Andrew
well it happened on a beach in Cape Cod
on the north eastern coast of the United
States the frozen carcasses washed up
over about two days and the Atlantic
white shark Conservancy who removed the
sharks believes that the three males
became stranded and fell into cold shock
while trying to make their way to warmer
waters in the South now NASA has
previously warned that the thawing of
sea ice covering the Arctic could
disturb or even halt large currents in
the Atlantic Ocean
and according to a study published in
the science journal progress in
oceanography these changes also have the
potential to impact the migration routes
that sharks and other marine species
have taken in the past now why are
sharks so important they're apex
predators which means they don't have
predators of their own so if they
disappear the whole predator-prey
balance dramatically shifts this will
affect the oceans health for example
fish coral and algae population control
which means the ocean will produce less
oxygen now that has major implications
for the survival of other species and
sharks are important in other areas too
such as tourism based economies and
medical research but shark populations
have decreased up to 90 percent in
recent years due to extreme fishing a
hundred million killed each year and
sharks are not the only animals that are
vital to our ecosystem that are at risk
to climate change about two weeks ago
these 18 Turtles stunned by freezing
cold temperatures washed up on a beach
all the way down in Galveston Texas
fortunately they were saved and some of
them have already been released into
warmer waters off shore in fact turtles
are so sensitive to climate that the
gender of their babies is determined by
the temperatures of the sand in the eggs
that they're laid in and many other
species that are impacted by climate
change you can see polar bears here
there's only about 20,000 of them left
penguins corals butterflies plenty of
other species and of course us human
beings if you're seeing the impacts of
climate change on animals in your
community do let us know what you're
seeing using the hash
a genuine skirt
