more than 600,000 people have crossed
into Bangladesh since August and the
exodus hasn't stopped the UN has called
the actions of Myanmar's military a
textbook example of ethnic cleansing my
baby was thrown into the fire and then
they raped me I feel like I'm burning on
the inside after more than two and a
half years of fighting in Yemen Saudi
Arabia's coalition and Iranian backed
Houthi fighters are at a stalemate while
the country is on the verge of famine
and cholera is spreading struggling for
breath fighting for life despairs all
the hallmarks of the bastard regime and
the use of chemical weapons is a war
crime Trump do solemnly swear
the United Kingdom is leaving the
European Union to claim that it's the
CIA and the US government that's behind
more than a hundred days of ongoing
protests in this country we have another
session violence here right in front of
the Al Aqsa compound Saudi Arabia the
United Arab Emirates and Bahrain and
Egypt have got diplomatic ties with ATAR
it is time to officially recognize
Jerusalem as the capital of Israel
Jerusalem it will be still the capital
of Palestine it really is quite
frightening for the people who are
standing here watching these horses
racing towards it
Catalonia reopened a historic rift with
Spain Spanish national police in riot
gear battered their way to one voting
center after another
but people really want to see quick
results that change their lives the
Peshmerga pushed forward around six
kilometers during the battle to retake
Mosul
we are pure we are strong we are brave
and we will fight
as president
covering suppose is perfectly for this
final
berries 24 rosacea breaching simple
problem is a special achievement for
American populous in their team's
unrefined joy for supporters of the
wildly unpredictable Pakistan Cricket
