president Trump arrives highlighting one
major change in his position since the
rice aply labeling North Korea's leader
a little rocket man a year ago
asking for a second meeting and we will
be doing that secretary Pompeo will work
that out in the immediate future it
looks like it's moving very very well
tremendous progress on North Korea
certainly since we got here there was a
different world that was a very
dangerous time this is a lot this is one
year later a much different time many
feared President Trump could prove as
disruptive as the intense security
measures imposed in midtown Manhattan
but no signs of gridlock in the first
public event he hosted opening a session
on the global drug problem with a few
suprise of the United Nations and its
secretary-general we also thank the
secretary-general for joining us and our
special guests and as our special guest
he's become a great friend and he's
doing a wonderful job at a very very
complex situation but a beautiful
situation and I've always said the
United Nations has tremendous potential
and that potential is being met slowly
but surely it's being met little mention
at this stage of US action against
United Nations entities threats to
dismantle the Human Rights Council the
suspension of funding to the relief and
Works Agency
unruhe and the unilateral withdrawal
from both the Paris climate Accord and
the Iranian nuclear agreement positions
at odds with what many other leaders
view as the prime philosophy of the
United Nations it should not rely merely
on the political interests of a few as
an impasse between the major powers
often impedes the entire organization's
ability to act the United Nations can
only succeed to the degree that we as
global leaders provide visionary
leadership that concerns our ideological
differences and narrow national
interests over the road from the United
Nations the stark black monolith called
the Trump International Tower which like
its owner will loom over the rest of the
week's proceedings Mike Hanna al Jazeera
United Nations
