demonstrations in cities across Iran the
biggest in nearly a decade
protesters say prices are too high and
the government's corrupt in 2009 unrest
was met with the military crackdown so
how will the government deal with the
people's anger today this is inside
story
hello and welcome to the program I'm
Hoshi mahabhava
death or freedom it's a chant that was
heard around Iran this week protesters
are angry at the high cost of basic
goods the price of eggs for example has
gone up 40 percent in just six months
some Iranians say it's time for the
government to focus on domestic issues
and to forget Syria and forget Palestine
these protesters hope the Iran nuclear
deal in 2015 would ease their financial
struggles most international sanctions
were lifted but life for many Iranians
has not improved government critics say
the economic benefits of the deal
haven't been passed on because of
mismanagement and alleged corruption and
that the budget announced this month
cuts vital social welfare programs while
giving more money to religious and
revolutionary institutions more than 50
arrests were reportedly made in Iran's
second largest city Mashhad with the
government saying that demonstrations
were uncalled for and Iran's vice
president saying the protests could do
more harm than good
all economic indications in the country
are good yes there is an increase in the
prices of some products and the
government is working on fixing the
causes of the high prices some of the
events that have taken place in recent
days are said to have been because of
the economy but there are other reasons
the people behind what is taking place
think they will be able to harm the
government but when social movements and
protests start in the street those who
have ignited them are not always able to
control them it's hard to hungary says
the economic indicators are good but not
everyone agrees if unemployment stands
at more than 40 percent and in the wider
population the number out of work has
grown this year to more than 12 percent
China has been investing billions of
dollars in rows and trains in Iran but
foreign investment from the West and
most international banks is stalled
because of US sanctions and inflation
has grown significantly this year let's
go to our guests
joining us here in Doha Ali fat Helana
shared is visiting fellow at the
Brookings Doha Center in Tehran gamba
nadir is the political analysts and
journalists for kahan international and
from munich by skype is Afshin Shahid
senior lecturer in Middle East politics
at the University of Bradford thank you
gentlemen for joining us mr. Mitchell
did me ask you this the process that we
see in in Iran are they a genuine outcry
over bad economy deteriorating living
standards or this is something which is
politically motivated I think it's
obviously both if you look at the real
grievances in Iran as well as to the
slogans that were taunted all across the
country but has been missed by many Iran
observers during the last few years is
that the Ronnie's economic policies have
been a failure because although we had
experienced GDP growth this GDP growth
has not been exclusive inclusive so
basically what economists have found out
that during the past few years both
poverty and income inequality have risen
so basically the promises that rouhani
gave in terms of the revitalization of
trade with the outside world being
trickling down to the normal Iran IANS
has not materialized so very early on
we've seen a lot of frustration from the
lower and middle strata of society visa
vidos failed economic policies and so
there was a simmering below the surface
simmering discontent below below the
surface that is now going you know there
is emerging on the other hand when it
comes to political repression also
things have not improved so basically
they were both socio-economic and
political races let me go to mr. nadir
ii-in Tejada and mr. nadir II it's a
movement which is building up momentum
now across Iran people saying enough is
enough but what we've seen is that a
government inserting some sort of denial
about what's happening saying these are
just a bunch of people trying to
destabilize Iran well you're absolutely
spot-on I think the government actually
prefers to look the other way because
they promised to to
fix the economy the sorry state of
affairs in the country by signing a
nuclear deal with the p5 plus one group
of Nations
we waited four years for that and after
that when they signed it they said that
we're gonna fix it the economy in 100
days and didn't happen actually we have
this problem of runaway prices for the
past 37 years or so so it this is an
economic Malay that that refuses to go
away for the simple fact that we never
had a powerful and and and strong
economic team in any of our current or
previous governments the the current
government the economic team is rubbish
they don't know how to handle the
economy they don't know how to to take
advantage of this new opening up to the
to the world economy and and they just
keep looking at each other that is the
problem at the end of the day we have to
we should also not forget the fact that
these people are businessmen
they only think about themselves they
found it they sponsored President
rouhani to win the election both
elections they spend millions of dollars
and now they want something in return so
they get you know roles and and
positions in his cabinet in many other
areas of the of the government and all
they think about is their own interests
and those around them that's why people
are paying the price because nobody
thinks and cares cares all right the
people that's why you you I think you
are right to say that the government is
in denial mr. Shah hey vice-president is
Haq Jahangir I seems to be blaming
ultra-conservatives particularly in
Mashhad for fermenting
trouble and you know as we know that
mesh had his home to some of the most
prominent conservative some of them are
vocal critics of rouhani to what extent
hungary is very accurate about this this
is something which has been triggered by
the Conservatives it is extremely
difficult to determine exactly what
happened in March our own on Thursday
but only a few hours after the beginning
of the protest we started to see kind of
Iranian political factionalism
in every sense of the term the
supporters of the government and people
who were from the government like mr.
John Geary blamed the other faction and
blame basically the conservative
segments of the Iranian political
establishment to call orchestrate the
protests in order to undermine the
government and at the same time kind of
the Iranian government tried to kind of
blame current Iranian political
factionalism primarily for the level of
instability that we see in the country
at the moment but just not going back to
the point which was raised by your guest
from Tehran he blamed the government of
mr. rouhani for the current economic
failure without any doubt if we want to
look at kind of the situation with a
level of fairness of course the last few
years has been extremely difficult for
Iranian economy but to be frank and to
be fair there is a limit to what the
government of President rouhani can do
according to some estimates between 50
to 60 percent of the Iranian economy is
controlled by IRGC and this is an area
that President rouhani cannot control
according to Transparency International
Iran ranked as 131 out of 100 services
basically Iran is considered as one of
the most corrupt countries in in the
region and in the world and a lot of
these problems are as structural a lot
of these problems are beyond the ability
of the jurisdiction of President okay
let's talk about some of these problems
in detail mr. lazette there is
unemployment which is on the rise
inflation is a huge problem the general
sentiment among people is that the
benefits of any day particularly the
2015 deal is not trickling down to us
has rouhani failed to deliver all the
promises he made for his own people so
basically what we have to be aware of
that blame has to be put on both the
government and the hardliners who
control the bulk of Iran state
institutions as
was a lead alluded to basically what a
shahe was saying exactly so the problem
with mr. rouhani's economic policies is
they have been neoliberal so they have
not been really wanting to address the
social question that is quite huge in
Iran you have almost half of the Iranian
population that lives around the poverty
line so and this has been not within the
interest of the rouhani government to
tackle with on the other hand we have
the right-wing conservatives and
populist who pretend to be caring about
poorer Iranians lives but in in reality
when they assume you know powerful
positions they do not engage in the
distribution of wealth that would be
beneficial to larger sections of society
so basically both sides are to blame for
this problem for this socio economic
malaise that Iran is finding itself and
also the chance from many of the
protesters reflects this dual-disc
criticism these are V all factions of
the Iranian regime
mr. nadir we I mean you've listened to
what mr. Nezzer Donoho basically saying
you cannot fairly lay the blame just on
little hani because an important chunk
of the economy has historically been
under the control of the conservatives
in iran and therefore they use it
sometimes for political reasons to
undermine their own opponents so what do
you respond to that well the government
has been very smart and successful in in
putting there you know in blaming others
for what is going on in this country
politically economically socially you
name it whatever it is
the IRGC it is true that it is in charge
of the construction projects of this
country but they don't have access to US
dollar which is directly controlled by
the government by the government that is
you know that is in charge of you know
balancing the the value of national
currency against US dollar which by the
way has been has gone through the roof
over the past six years or so so that is
just one of the things that we should
keep in mind but but the blame game here
you know blaming this and that or
arresting this protester or that process
protester he's not going to fix our
country I think we have to start asking
the government to kick out some of those
incompetent cabinet members that don't
know what to do they are just there as I
said because of their money they don't
have any expertise they are on they only
have political affiliations and
financial affiliations to those interest
groups around them and they don't give a
damn about people let's not blame the
IRGC or the hardliners the hardliners
don't have a lot of power anymore they
don't have even budget because the
government doesn't have enough money to
pay them how can you say if the people
are out there they have every right to
come you see because mr. Andhra theory
how can you say they don't have power
when every single commentator of the
Iranian political life knows that they
have absolutely the ultimate say over
politics in Iran the problem is not IRGC
or the hardliners the problem is those
who are taking advantage of the chaos
that we are now in using you know us
sanctions to eat to to smuggle goods
into the country to to steal and smuggle
oil and gas or whatever else is outside
the country whatever many things there
is going on here I think this is a huge
mafia they are all together they are
using this they are politicizing
everything in order to make money I
don't give a damn about people as I said
people have every right here test
against run away price okay it's
unemployment and they don't produce
anything anymore
and the government has to take
responsibility before things get out of
hand okay we have a fundamental problem
when it comes to this constant Iranian
politics the issue of factionalism is
quite overblown so you know we tend to
think of Iran of having you know
different factions of the elite one
being the reformists or the centrist
that are now seem to be in power on the
other hand we see the right-wing
conservatives and populist but in
reality both factions are in the same
boat and therefore the survival of the
Islamic Republic as a system so they
have more common ground than differences
and the prime example of this is are the
budgets of President rouhani because
they give also a lot of money to his
so-called opponents so for example the
IRGC has seen you know massive increase
in
in infants and also other so-called
religious foundations or have also
benefited from the budget hearing of
President rouhani so all this talk of
factionism is quite overblown and at the
end of the day all factions sit in the
same boat and this boat is called Hakeem
surviving it's been quite interesting
eliminar go to mr. Shahi that during the
protest people were saying stop
interfering into the affairs of other
countries we don't care about Yemen
Syria or Palestine you should care more
about us here in Iran how significant is
this discontent this outcry from the
average Iranians it is very significant
and symbolic at the same time but what
we heard yesterday and today is not
anything new
more or less we had similar slogans in
in 2009 notice no to Lebanon no to
intervention here and there in the
Middle East
so please more attention to what is
happening at home so despite the fact
that of course we haven't heard anything
like this at least in a major public
demonstration since 2009 but what was
said yesterday and today you know is not
new in any sense of the term and the
other final point that I need kind of to
raise because we've been talking about
political factionalism and your first
guest accurately said that actually when
it comes to kind of regime survival both
the conservatives and reformists have a
lot in common and actually what happened
a month ago was very important and kind
of telling at the same time which could
kind of make us understand what is
happening right now and the level of
tension and the level of vulnerability
that the regime facing lleva a month ago
there was a car at about an earthquake
in in chairman sha and in the matter of
a few hours we saw this kind of
incredible national mobilization people
kind of mobilizing and organizing in
order to respond
to the problem because they thought
there is very little trust exists
between government and the civil society
with they gave up they gave up on
conifer state institutions in order to
kind of address address the problem and
they chose celebrities like footballers
as the people who could be kind of the
bridge between what they contribute what
they donate and those people who have
been affected see your point mister
Dirie the reason why I ask you the
question about the people being very
critical of the foreign intervention is
that it's an intervention that comes at
a huge price because you need to spend
money to maintain regimes in Syria in
Yemen and also in different parts of the
region and people basically have been
using slogan anti-establishment anti
rouhani and also anti Ayatollah Khamenei
so how how serious is this discontent
taken by the by the establishment let's
not care it get carried away with with
the politicization of the situation
there will always be some people who
will try to take advantage of the
situation to politicize matters I'm and
I'm afraid they have been successful in
doing that for the past two days or so
we have similar protests taking place
across the across the globe when things
get tough in economy when people cannot
make ends meet but the only difference
there and here is that they don't
politicize matters here they are trying
to politicize these kind of things and
I'm afraid I think I have to make it
absolutely clear that Iran has every
right to protect and pray and support
its allies in the region for the simple
fact that if we don't defeat - and al
Qaeda and other terrorist groups in
places like Syria Yemen and Iraq we will
have to be we will have to fight them
here in the capital we will we have to
fight them here because they will be
here so it pays when you it pays off
when you spend money on your own
national security those who are trying
to to question the presence of Iran in
these countries don't have any idea what
terrorist groups like - could do - okay
so Iran has every right to send down
weapons and spend money in order to
protect itself on its own borders here
u.s. president Donald Trump has long
been critical of Iran's
government he says the world is washing
how Iran responds to the demonstrations
in a tweet he said there are many
reports of peaceful protests by Iranian
citizens fed up with the regime's
corruption and its squandering of the
nation's wealth to fund terrorism abroad
he added that the Iranian government
should respect their people's rights
including the right to express
themselves
mr. patella Nadya you've heard the
statement from President Trump and we
know that Trump is yet to certify by
mid-january if Iran is complying with
with the nuclear deal you know that the
American position itself has created
many problems for the for the
international investors and also for the
Iranian economy because no one is
excited about going now to Iran to
invest to what extent the American
factor has been very critical in
destabilizing and undermining the
Iranian economy
let me first say a few one thing about
the combination of international and
domestic slogans that were chanted
throughout the protests and I think a
lot of Iranians are more critical of the
version that Tehran presents when it
comes to foreign intervention
particularly in in Syria when when it
comes to supporting the Assad regime and
I think what Iran is doing in Syria is
far beyond fighting terrorism and it's
actually supporting a dictatorship and I
think a lot of Iranians do understand
that and they don't want to see so much
bloodshed also from the Iranian side you
know so much money billions of dollars
being spent on those advances on what
President Trump has tweeted is a
disservice to the Iranian people and you
know I mean mr. Trump is certainly not a
torchbearer
of democracy by any account and any kind
of you know so-called support for the
you know Iranian citizens rights of
protest is sheer hypocrisy when it comes
to the decertification or the sort of a
decertification that is probably going
to happen by mid-january this will
perhaps be accompanied by the end of
sanctions really
from the US side so and this would put
the entire nuclear deal on the verge of
survival on the verge of collapse so we
will see if we're gonna see a lot of
economic sanctions but when it comes to
the current problems of Iran the bar is
so we have also to look at the
government s economic policies the
reason why I'm asking the question about
the American factor mr. sahay's
basically the Iranian government's
saying that we have fulfilled our
commitments when it comes to the 2015
nuclear deal however the Americans are
backstabbing us by threatening to this
certify by putting more pressure on the
international donors and investors to
come along and invest in Iran to market
to what extent this is very accurate
statement by the Iranian government I
mean this is completely a different
issue but what is important that we need
to kind of bear in mind that over the
last year also message from single
handedly has contributed immensely to
the sense and a new way of
anti-americanism among various segments
of Iranian civil society and one of the
main factors behind this new sense of
anti-american tie Americanism is
basically Trump's ideological approach
to basically 1 1 plus 5 and of course
there are definitely some shortcomings
when it comes to economic policies and
economic development by the government
of mr. rouhani but at the same time we
should not completely ignore the
International dimension over the last
two years the government desperately has
been trying to kind of invite more
international investors when it comes to
kind of the energy sector they had a
degree of success but given current
American kind of antagonism towards Iran
and given what is happening right now in
Washington Iran has not become a very
kind of attractive destination of spot
for international investment so of
course we have to scrutinize kind of the
current okay ease of the government when
it comes to economic development but
this
I mentioned on the Trump factor is
equally important two letters we see you
have a better understanding of the
current economy and how things will
evolve mr. nadeer II I mean over the
last 48 hours we've seen many people
basically drawing some parallels between
these protests and the 2009 green
movement what extent this is really true
I think this is overblown exaggerated
let's not get carried away people have
every right to demonstrate and ask you
know for some answers from the
government and the government is
responsible to act on them and fix and
and meet their legitimate demands you
know like creating jobs keeping prices
down and avoiding this kind of inflate
inflationary you know things that are
happening in our economy but at the end
of the day these are just small people
small groups of people are that are
protesting at the same time some people
also are trying to politicize this kind
of okay did this kind of situation but
it has nothing to do with the 2009
post-election unrest and everything to
do with people's legitimate demands to
have a you know a simple life that they
can go and work and make money and make
ends meet that is not illegal the
government should stop arresting these
people the government should stop
blaming others the government should
start acting on what people are wanting
which is you know I see a good life a
good living standard okay the comparison
to the green moon in less than 20
seconds please so that the green boom is
failure was not least because of the
fact that they did not address the
social question and now the social
question is out there on the streets and
it remains to be seen if it can be
organized thank you thank you thank you
very much indeed
Arafat hala and a giant gumbo Nadira and
I've seen Shahi thank you very much
indeed for your contribution and thank
you too for watching you can see that
program again any time by visiting our
website aljazeera.com for further
discussion go to our Facebook page
that's facebook.com /aj Inside Story
you can also join the conversation on
twitter our handle is at AJ Inside Story
for me Hashima al banna the whole team
here bye for now
