you're doing good for other as humans
helping humans meet the street thug
barbers during the week Ross Cameron and
Josh work at the city's top beauty
salons but every Sunday they're cutting
combing and styling here in Vancouver's
Downtown Eastside a district where
poverty and drug abuse are all too
common as Cameron knows for himself I
have a history on the streets I was a
heroin addict all that about 20 years
ago I cleaned up off that and battled
opiates for the last 20 years and then
we started this and that's pretty much
when I did my last drug the people down
here we're closer with them than some of
our closest friends they'll give you the
last dollar out of their pocket if you
need it what you should do is come next
Sunday
Ross also spent time in the same
neighborhood but he too found his way
out through professional hairstyling the
idea behind the street thug barbers he
says is that no one should give up no
matter how bad things get camera and
we've all had our past situations where
our failures may be someone else's
successes in the future so whatever we
can do to help whether it's find work or
support or shelters or just an ear when
it's warm enough they work in a nearby
park their non paying customers perched
on milk crates they also cut hair on the
sidewalk or in back alleyways in winter
they do their cutting here at the living
room a drop-in center and clean needle
distribution point for drug addicts the
manager says Sunday is the happiest day
of the week for her clients and it's
nice when you live in a society that
when you're you're looked upon as being
poor that you look upon as being less of
a human and these guys don't do that at
all they lift us off they give us
comments a compliment I mean it's more
than just a haircut no one who puts
their name on a list run by the center
is turned away the street thug barbers
estimate they've trimmed and sheared
more than 5,000 heads since they began a
year and a half ago bringing happiness
and haircuts to a neighborhood known
mostly for urban blight and homelessness
Daniel lack aljazeera on Vancouver's
Downtown Eastside
