sadly on an appeal from a grieving
mother she hopes that all the sick
children in Eastern Hooda will receive
medical treatment so that their parents
don't lose them a Mohammed lost her
daughter batoul was 10 years old when
she died her parents say her life could
have been saved but they live in an area
besieged by Syrian government forces
where there is no proper medical care
her sickness started with pain in her
teeth knees and heart doctors said there
was something wrong with her nervous
system and antibiotics didn't help the
medication didn't work and she passed
away do you have our sob it's too late
for a Batool but 29 critically ill
patients are being given the chance at
survival that was agreed after a deal
between the syrian government and the
armed groups racial islam that involved
the rebels freeing prisoners in exchange
18 of those transferred to hospitals in
damascus were children hundreds more are
in need of treatment there's a severe
shortage of medical supplies the medical
facilities in the area have all but been
destroyed by the siege and the
bombardment just over 100 doctors
provide care for an estimated 400,000
people half of them are believed to be
children the children are always the
ones who are the most vulnerable and
affected as a result of the siege there
are many children who have cancer they
can't be cured because there is no
medicine to treat them there are
diseases because of the pollution even
the water is polluted there are many
cases of severe malnutrition the United
Nations says one in eight children is
going hungry up from 1 in 50 in May a
stern Huether has been besieged since
2013 but in recent months program
enforces tightened the blockades closing
smuggling routes and tunnels that were
being used humanitarian organizations
have been pleading for months with the
Syrian government to allow the
critically ill patients to leave aid
workers are hoping that the evacuations
will be the beginning of more to come
they're also asking for
guarantees some patients are a worried
of arrests if they go to government
controlled territory Rama halwa doesn't
have much time she is four years old and
her sickness requires treatment that is
not available in Eastern huhta it's a
difficult time for her mother in
Abdullah who was hoping that her
daughter was on the evacuation list
my daughter has leukemia and throat
cancer doctors told me she needs surgery
to remove her throat because the tumour
is too big and the cancer cells are
spreading I hope someone helps me my
child also needs chemotherapy and I
can't afford it please whoever is
hearing me now I asked for your help
already almost 20 patients among them
children have died while waiting for
evacuation sanika dar al jazeera Beirut
