Kaneesha Bell has been battling with a
skin disease the led to her hair falling
out in large clumps but instead of
hiding her head in hats and wigs the
schoolteacher in Qatar is celebrating
her baldness with henna I'm embracing it
I'm embracing my boss scout because this
is what I have and you have to work with
what you have and I feel like in a way
it's what makes me unique and different
Kaneesha was diagnosed with alopecia
more than ten years ago
the autoimmune illness can cause total
hair loss and affects one in every 100
people it doesn't matter if you have
hair or if you don't have hair using
henna is one part of a process of
regaining her confidence but getting to
the stage has been an uphill struggle in
the beginning it was very painful to get
the needles and mask out but you get
used to it after a while
and so I will get them once a month the
hair will grow back and then it will
start to fall out again and then it will
grow back
henna has been used as a natural type of
body art for thousands of years and
there's often been painted on people for
celebrations such as birthdays and
weddings this henna crown for kanesha is
a symbol of her unique identity and she
now wants to inspire others from
alopecia sufferers to cancer patients to
do the same the American hair
Association says four out of ten hair
loss sufferers are women around 7
million Americans are also affected but
little research has been done to find
out why society has forced women to
suffer in silence it is considered far
more acceptable for men to go through
the same hair loss process there's some
societies and that's unfortunate and I
don't know how that's something that we
can easily address because I think it's
very much a cultural issue alopecia
sufferers all cancer patients having
chemotherapy and cotta can turn to nazma
the henna artist is making baldness a
thing of beauty and boosts her customers
confidence once I applied the henna
design on her head she was jumpy she was
taking
delfield she is sending all the all to
her friends it's it's it's made me cry
she earlie kanesha's next step to wear
her new crown with pride at work and
challenge the stigma of female baldness
head-on I love it
it's lore about a manly al jazeera Doha
