it's a dramatic biannual showdown the 12
best golfers in the United States
against the best 12 in Europe the Ryder
Cup has become a big deal but not in
France until now to those who don't
associate France with golf san Cantino
heavily just outside Paris was a
surprising choice so why is the
tournament being played here the man in
charge of the event is Pascal grizzle I
think that we were the only bid to
support the development of the game we
are the only country in Europe who has
increased the number of young golfers in
the country and that's why we wanted to
was the Ryder Cup to break this stupid
image of elitist golf in France this is
the big perhaps only chance to show that
golf can change its image 100 of these
compact cheaper less time-consuming
courses including this one a few
kilometers from the venue have been
built since the Ryder Cup decision seven
years ago but in France the Ryder Cup is
not very well known no I don't think so
except within the golf world of course
but like average people won't know what
the Ryder Cup is you know it's fairly
new for them I guess first year in front
no golf is not popular we have too many
misconceptions on golf
unfortunately golf is a wonderful sport
but maybe it's a bit expensive they
could make it more democratic the French
public won't have a French player to
cheer but tomislav a part of the winning
team in 2004 told me it won't affect the
atmosphere
errotica you you smile you shout you cry
you enjoy sometimes you win sometimes
you lose
and now Ryder Cup brings all these
emotions to you so it's I hope to pray
the French public will join but don't
worry difference they know how to party
and they know how to to cheer for for
the team 60,000 tickets for each of the
three days sold out in record time over
40% to the French public and there will
be plenty of support for the resurgent
Tiger Woods in his first Ryder Cup for
six years it's not often they get to see
the games superstar and the last time
I've played in Paris oh I think
94-94 so it's been a while since I've
played in Paris but I've been there a
number of times this is going to be a
work week but also then again there's
going to be a very fun work week I'm
here the first tee is where the nerves
will really start to grip to the world's
top golfers because the Ryder Cup brings
a special kind of pressure whether or
not this turns out to be the only time
it's played in France it certainly
promises to be memorable ly Wellings al
Jazeera and the Gulf national
