these are not the images you would
expect from school a police officer
responsible for keeping students safe
has put one in a chokehold the reason
the boys friends say was because he
threw an orange at a wall when you're in
the hallways it's an atmosphere of
tension and slight worry and fear the
incident in Philadelphia in 2016
sparked student protests and demands to
remove police from the city's public
schools the school district spends 30
million dollars a year on police
deploying about 350 officers across some
200 campuses the Philadelphia Student
Union says that creates a militant
environment you feel like oh I have to
put on this mask I have to make sure
that you know I'm not acting out of
character or doing anything that's
considered to be you know bad I guess in
Philadelphia's public school district
85% of students are of color and black
students are three and a half times more
likely to be arrested or refer to police
officers than white students advocates
point to that as a sign of the existence
of a school to Prison Pipeline
where minorities are criminalized at a
young age and then continue to land
behind bars as adults a spokeswoman for
Philadelphia school district declined an
interview but said in a statement that
the safety of students and staff is top
priority meanwhile an alliance of
educational justice groups reports that
across the u.s. school police have
assaulted students at least 24 times in
the past two years we want a public
education system that actually is
positive and that's a non-punitive and
that reflects the best of all of us and
our students and black students that we
need to have police should not even be
an equation but in reality the opposite
is happening the state of Florida
recently required all schools to have
armed security in response to a high
school shooting that left 17 people dead
in February
how do you keep American schools safe
from school shootings if you get rid of
all the police officers police don't
make our school safe
police don't protect black and brown
students students have a different
vision of what school safety looks like
to these students that vision is
replacing police with counselors having
students work with each other to resolve
conflicts and teaching coping skills
they say the first step to keeping
schools safe is keeping the fear of
police brutality out Heidi Joe Castro al
Jazeera Philadelphia
