he's one of America's most popular
documentary makers and he's also one of
the most polarizing focusing his lens on
everyone from George W Bush that was his
drive to the National Rifle Association
to the US healthcare system so it's only
a matter of time before Michael Moore
set his sights on America's polarizing
president Donald Trump in his latest
movie Fahrenheit 11:9 the date of the
2016 presidential election Michael Moore
examines the reasons why Trump won what
seemed at first like an unlikely race to
the presidency and most controversially
at one point compares his rise to that
of Adolf Hitler in Germany in the 1930s
Richard Pena is a professor of film
studies at Columbia University he
recently hosted a Q&A with more on the
new movie he thinks the comparison is
fair here and read statements that are
terrifying you know coming from the
president or some of his underlings it's
important to realize I think that
fascism isn't one thing and like every
other system it evolves so I think
fascism of the 1930s would not be
fascism in the 21st century it'll have
its own characteristics the movie is
wide ranging in scope using examples as
diverse as the Parkland school shooting
to the polluted water crisis in his
hometown Flint Michigan to get the point
across a scattergun approach that he's
been criticized for in his past films
one of the things about Michaels films
that there's a certain or shox quality
you know see I'm just a guy who has a
camera and I'm going out there whatever
after a while they began to I think
we're at least on me in terms of a
political tool there's less of that here
so I think he really shows what he
wanted to film very very closely and I
think the sequences are very well
constructed Michael Moore says he
intends Fahrenheit 11 9 to be a wake up
call to America showing people not only
how Donald Trump got into office but how
they can take him out but with so many
people having already made up
their mind about this proudly liberal
filmmaker some argue all he's doing is
preaching to the already converted
Gabriel Sandow al-jazeera New York
