chaos and panic in the city of Atlas in
southern Iran as an unprecedented scene
unfolds during a military parade
unidentified gunmen opened fire during
the parade at the start of sacred
Defense week it commemorates Iranians
who died during the eight-year war with
Iraq in the 1980s while the wounded were
being treated people were warned to get
down a Revolutionary Guard spokesman
says four men dressed in khaki uniforms
and riding motorbikes are connected to
the aleph Asya group which is supported
by Saudi Arabia some were killed others
captured when they come to lunch an
attack like this at the IRGC in
southwest and Iran in an era populated
region then that means that there has
been a bill interpreted plan in order to
send a very strong message actually so
there are speculations to believe now
and there are reasons to believe now
that this has been an attack
masterminded by the United States and
the Saudis especially because the Tehri
Salafi terrorists of Allah who are Zia
supported by the Saudis you know have
been recognized to have been in charge
of this attack the rare attack took
place in Khuzestan province which
borders Iraq and has the largest ethnic
Arab community in Iran the province was
a major battleground during the
iran-iraq war the Alfa's attack happened
as president Hassan rouhani was
delivering a speech at the main
anniversary parade in Tehran he was
briefed on the attack and continued his
speech reiterating Iran's position on
its defense capabilities rouhani said
they will continue to increase day by
day and in applause the investigation
continues into the major breach of
security
door so Jabari al-jazeera
