after days of surprising restraint u.s.
president Donald Trump turned on
Christine Blasi Ford the woman whose
testimony could derail his Supreme Court
nominee Brett Kavanaugh we have to fight
for him not worry about the other side
and by the way women are for that more
than anybody would understand on Twitter
Trump questioned Ford's story I have no
doubt that if the attack on dr. Ford was
as bad as she says charges would have
been immediately filed with local law
enforcement Ford is a California
professor at the center of an explosive
allegation against Cavanaugh from 36
years ago she says that well in high
school
Cavanaugh sexually assaulted her at a
party attempting to remove her bathing
suit while holding his hand over her
mouth and on behalf of The Moron Friday
more than six dozen women some of whom
have known Kavanaugh since high school
questioned Ford sexual assault claim
back in Cavanaugh as the person of honor
integrity and a person of strong moral
character kind and good-natured a good
man who is incapable of mistreating
anyone but the final say will come from
Congress he was born for the US Supreme
Court he was born for it and it's going
to happen Democrats hope to delay it
beyond the November congressional
elections Republicans are fighting to
keep it on track fearing a democratic
control of Congress would do rail the
nomination
Kimberly hellcat al Jazeera the White
House
