as he prepares for a historic comeback
I'll speak to Malaysia's Prime Minister
in Waiting and former prisoner Anwar
Ibrahim and also to legendary US
investigative journalist Seymour Hersh
I'm Mandi Hudson he's been described as
the last great American reporter and
he's just written his memoir but why
does Seymour Hersh think the media's
attacks on Donald Trump are misguided
and is he really now a defender of
Bashar al-assad I'll ask him but first
after years of imprisonment on what was
seen as trumped-up charges former
Malaysian Deputy Prime Minister
Anwar Ibrahim is free while former Prime
Minister Najib Razak has been arrested
again this week for abuse of power
another former prime minister mahathir
mohamad is back in charge but he says
he'll hand over power to Anwar in a
couple of years but will he really and
can this new governing alliance hold
this week's headliner from Kuala Lumpur
Anwar Ibrahim Anwar Ibrahim thank you
for joining me on upfront
this year has been a bit of a roller
coaster for you hasn't it in May you
were released from prison after three
years behind bars on what are widely
considered to have been trumped-up
charges your opposition coalition
defeated the ruling BN coalition for the
first time in 60 years and is now in
charge and you're widely considered to
be the prime minister in waiting did you
think six months ago that this is where
you'd be today certainly not Mehdi I was
optimistic that we will secure victory
but I did not envisage this much
enthusiasm expressed by the Malaysians
and the fact that now I'm a free man
and you're not just a free man you're
the de facto leader of Malaysia's new
ruling coalition the Pakatan harapan
coalition you've joined forces with
Mahathir Mohamad the former prime
minister now prime minister again who's
gone from being your ally to your arch
enemy to your ally again he's the man
who supported your first conviction and
imprisonment on these ludicrous
corruption and sodomy charges many we
said were politically motivated how can
you trust a man like that how can you
work again with a man like that mother
is now 92 he came up to me and said
Anwar let's work together to save the
country and rid the country of
corruption abuse of power I took time it
is not a person
arrangement between an O and mother but
he has shown remarkably well in terms of
defending and the reform agenda and now
he's shown his commitment to the reform
and I have no reason to suspect other
motives because at that age with that
commitment I think we should then allow
him and for the last four month we have
been proven right he seems to be
consistent effective and that's why I
and the party support him totally you
say you support him totally the
coalition's plan I believe is that he
will remain Prime Minister for one or
two years and then cede the Premiership
to you not only does that make your
prime minister in Waiting it also means
that all of your future is dependent on
basically maja Tia's goodwill on mahat
is sticking to his word what makes you
so confident that he'll step down
because even he said it's not fixed in
stone it's not kind of written in blood
there's no way you can force him to
stand down if he doesn't want to if he
wants to stay on till he's 100 you
continue to harass him when he's going
to resign naturally his response would
be let me stay I have a task to perform
but what is important
Maddie is there was a written agreement
signed in 2015 by all the leaders and I
see no reason why I should even demand
or harass him to resign earlier because
I think what he's doing now is important
and I have at least some latitude myself
to go around mean old friends relax a
bit say this a free man you see the
fancy and relaxing and yet when you were
released in May you said you weren't
interested in a cabinet position in maja
tears government you said quote you
wanted to take some time with the family
some space you said you know you wanted
to go on speaking tours and yet now
you've announced you're gonna run for
Parliament in a by-election what changed
your mind you say you wanted to relax
but it looks like you're desperate to
get back into politics quickly
be Prime Minister sooner than later
Mandy I was imprisoned total to 10 and a
half years what'd you do read and relax
now a four month passes the last
elections and I think it's time for me
to the enter Parliament to assist in
parliamentary reform my understanding
with Mahathir is that you conduct the
affairs of the state may let me then
ensure that parliamentary reform is
effective as of today September 2018 who
do you think the majority of Malaysians
would prefer to be their prime minister
you and why brain or Mahathir Mohamad
well there's no surveys conducted by I'm
happy that Mahara is now the prime
minister he has an a major task he we
need a tough affirm leader for now and
he's doing extremely well I wouldn't
mind if Melissa's generally endorsed
that I think is immensely popular and I
would grin that I don't have qualms
about it I don't need to be an apologist
to suggest otherwise it's been called
one of the world's biggest financial
scandals the 1mdb scandal in which
former Prime Minister Najib Razak who a
supporter of your second imprisonment he
was arrested this week again over
additional charges of abuse of power
maja tear is called an almost perfect
case against Najib who's also facing
charges of bribery theft of government
funds embezzlement maja Tia says he
holds the Jeep totally responsible for
the 1mdb scandal do you as well yes I
first raised this issue in Parliament in
2011 and I has stood by it
throughout the years till I was arrested
and imprisoned in 2015 the Najib was
responsible he chaired many dis meetings
he instructed clearly the authorities
and to then disburse the funds and it is
atrocious I mean this one the worst
financial scandals involving any
government and it is therefore
imperative that action stiff action be
taken but then since this is new
government have said and assured
vestigation will be professional
prosecution must not be malicious and
the judiciary must be independent so we
have to wait people were getting
impatient
but then we had to wait we have to go by
the due process and the law as someone
who's been tried and convicted twice of
sodomy a sentence it can lead up to 20
years in prison it can lead to whipping
under Malaysian law you told the Wall
Street Journal back in 2012 that
Malaysia's sodomy laws are quote archaic
that they should be amended you said
quote it's not my business to attack
people or arrest people based on their
sexual orientation do you still stand by
that will Malaysia be repealing it
sodomy laws once you're Prime Minister
yes I've said it I maintain this this is
not only archaic it is British colonial
laws introduced in India and replicated
in Malaysia
it is completely unjust because one can
be this accused and without any proper
evidence or in my case clearly but then
what is important is if we have a case
against homosexuality then it must be
done in a transparent manner the laws
must be amended to secure to ensure
there's justice in the process and it's
not a matter of sexual orientation is
what you perform or you display publicly
which is against the norms of majority
of Malaysians not only Muslims
Christians in those Buddhist alike in
this country okay well on that note you
say you rightly say there is a British
colonial law and yet last month I mean
there is a Muslim angle as well so many
would say last month the Deputy Prime
Minister one Aziza
who also happens to be your wife was
quoted as saying it is Haram it is
forbidden for Muslims to support the
LGBT community or their fight for
equality in Malaysia that they must keep
their practice behind closed doors just
couple of days earlier you were quoted
as saying if people have their own
sexual orientation it's up to them who
should Malaysians especially Muslim
Malaysians listen to on this issue the
Deputy Prime Minister your wife or the
Prime Minister in waiting you as his
eyes an intelligent leader in her own
right what she said precisely was that
the sexual act is Haram and that is not
disputed in any Islamic texts or
religious texts I don't see a
contradiction within my views and hers
on this we both I have condemned the
even the caning of lesbians by the
Islamic party state of trango no because
I thought this clearly unjust although
they use Sharia as a basis we cannot
defend such ok action ok I want to ask
about your relationship with Turkey's
President Recep Tayyip Erdogan in a
recent interview you described her
honest quote the most popular leader
among Muslims of Malaysia and outside
Malaysia because of his position on
Palestine on what happened in the Middle
East you said quote very few leaders of
the world would have that courage to go
and fight for justice like him so does
that mean that when your Prime Minister
you'll be governing in a similar way to
other one is he your role model as a
leader he's a friend I support some of
these policies and I think given the the
atrocious conditions in the Muslim world
run by dictators I think it is something
a breath of fresh air to see the
successes in Indonesia and in Turkey and
in Assam who is hopefully Imran Han in
Pakistan so I'm looking at that we in
the positive manner I'm not in the
position to defend all their of their
policies remember that he accepted he
experienced a coup d'etat
that cost lives including and very close
brother of mine who was killed in that
coup attempt I think the coup attempt
has been condemned
all around the world but human rights
groups point out that our ones crack
down on his critics since the coup
locking up tens of thousands of soldiers
and government officials sacking
thousands of judges and teachers
shutting down news organizations
restricting free speech that these are
abuses of power these are human rights
abuses you don't condemn any of these
crackdowns on the Free Press on human
rights groups like Amnesty there's
clearly you are ignoring the hypocrisy
in some of the foreign policy position
taken even by the United States
immediately after the attempted coup
everybody knows I don't think anyone
could accuse me going soft resize us I
know why I'm saying no no no because
there must be it's not only the u.s.
ready I'm talking about the crimes
against humanity committed by many of
the other Muslim countries were largely
ignored because they were timid and
complicit with the some of the American
policies now let's go back well your
question is whether he overreacted after
the coup I would say yes but I think
given time he should ease and as well my
am a personal views expressed to him but
then to ignore the fact that there were
hundreds of people killed this is to me
unacceptable
one last question on my brain you've
said you forgive energy prozac for what
he did to you you've obviously forgiven
maja Tia who you're now working
alongside there's not many people
there's not many politicians who being
in the position you're in now would be
talking forgiveness they'd be looking
for revenge or for justice at least how
hard was it for you to forgive these
people who helped lock you up and where
does that forgiveness come from was a
very painful process it's not it wasn't
easy but finally we talked about the
country we talked about justice yes we
talked about compassion and and from my
religious beliefs what is the relevance
of religion if you do not promote
compassion and willing to forgive me as
I my children had to suffer all these
years two decades is a long time and we
did suffer but
then between these sufferings and the
country which is a stake I choose the
country and I choose the country because
I believe we can all affect change with
this new attitude towards peace towards
compassion toward justice by our
willingness to forgive and my brain
thanks for joining me on upfront
everyone in journalism knows the name of
Seymour Hersh when it comes to
investigative reporting the Pulitzer
Prize winning Hirsch is a legend over a
career spanning more than five decades
he's broken story after story the meal I
Massacre during the Vietnam War
the Abu Ghraib torture scandal during
the Iraq war and in recent years he's
done some pretty controversial reporting
on Syria too he's now written his memoir
aptly called reporter Seymour Hersh
thanks for joining me on upfront
your new book reporter and memoir is the
story of one of the world's most
impressive careers in investigative
journalism you're writing I think it's
fair to say has helped to change history
to send people to prison it's one new
lots of awards it's generated a lot of
controversy so which story that you
broke over the past 50 years do you
believe was the most important story the
most consequential story oh I love all
my children come on I can't make the one
that put me on the map was me lie was
I'd been in the business for eight or
nine years I'd been a police reporter in
Chicago and then and yet you write you
say that it didn't really change things
you acknowledge that at the time I had
hopes you know but did I think that the
war and everybody but Claire we're not
going to do this anymore we're not gonna
go and it wouldn't happen on the basis
of even no matter how big the story
you've been in journalism for over 50
years you've now written this memoir
does it frustrate you at all that you
seem to be winding down your career at a
time when the news has never been more
controversial and perhaps there's never
been a greater need for investigative
journalism especially in the United
States I think it's going to hell now
what you have is if you don't like Trump
you read the New York Times and
Washington Post and what certain cable
shows CNN if you like Trump you
watch Fox News and you read other paper
that's equal are you that's buying into
a trump narrative Fox News is not the
same as New Times you know Sam still
does good journalism by the way the Fox
it doesn't but the credibility of the
New York Times because it's so hostile
to him maybe legitimately but over the
top I think they've gone way over the
top in terms of like running an
anonymous letter do you believe that
Trump is so hated and so controversial
now that he makes us forget about a lot
of the controversial stuff that his
predecessors did - you're one of those
journalists who did cover many of the
crimes and the cover-ups of george w
bush and barack obama especially on
national security issues is that all in
danger of being forgotten now in this
age of hashtag resistance and being anti
Trump of course but I have to say what I
believe doesn't matter much I mean what
the facts are is that we have walked
away from some of the some of their
problems you know 9/11 and the response
to 9/11 was completely insane the idea
that you could fight an idea by
declaring a war on terror and
immediately moving from bin from bin
Laden looking for him immediately moving
into we're gonna stop Sodom Hussein
because we think he may have bombs and
by the way one of the things I learned
in my all my you know 800 years of doing
this stuff because when the CIA starts
saying we have high confidence high
confidence that the W that there are
WMDs remember weapons of mass
destruction in Iraq high confidence and
so when they say again as the Democrats
go out saying we have high confidence
the Russians actually won the war won
the election you know they intervened
and that's why Hillary lost not because
she ran a terrible complain or she
wasn't very likable we lost because the
Russians fixed the election somehow it's
a magical way I'm troubled by all that I
want more facts the allegations that
Russia intervened to sway the 2016 US
presidential election and Trump and his
campaign colluded with the Russians
during that election you're skeptical of
both those claims why I'm skeptical of
the Russia I'm because I have I've been
doing this for as I say hundreds of
years I have sources inside who are I
can't get into who know the world of
signals intelligence and other things
and they're hard they're far from
persuaded your sources are great over
the years we've known you've done broken
some great stories with your sources but
the New York Times The Wall Street
Journal the Washington Post in New York
have some great correspondence I think
you would admit doing this work and
their sources are telling them
differently the intelligence agencies
themselves are saying differently even
the bipartisan republican-led Senate
Intelligence Committee says Russia
intervened in the election so why should
we believe you and your sources versus
all the other evidence that says this
happened and you're asking me for an
opinion I'm giving you an opinion I'm
skeptical of say the mother
investigation and indictments the emails
from Don Trump jr. all of that you just
don't buy it you don't think the
Russians know you're taking me way too
far I'm not saying that I'm saying my
experience with with the community that
says we have quite confidence is high
confidence to me sometimes means we
really don't know jack which is fair
enough so you could say that believe
that know you've said you've said in the
past that it's preposterous the ideas
that the Russians got involved in I
doubt if I use the word proof faster
okay it's one thing to be skeptical some
might say and people admire your
skeptical journalism we need skeptical
journalism but let's talk about Syria
which you've been writing about in
recent years and taking a very different
line to a lot of other reporters who
have been writing about Syria reporters
on the ground chemical weapons experts
human rights experts UN investigators
they're in agreement the Syrian regime
has used chemical weapons against its
own people including in April of 2017 at
karna shakuni you on multiple occasions
have argued against those conclusion
that June 2017 you wrote in the German
newspaper welt AM Sonntag that there was
no sarin attack that was a conventional
bombing raid that hit a cinderblock
building controlled by rebel groups the
basement of which contained quote
fertilizers disinfectants and other
goods a lot of chemical weapons experts
and others dispute that they say you're
wrong they say you're basically pushing
a conspiracy theory what's your response
to them I wrote what I wrote and I'm not
backing off it I mean there's just
nothing in the last year has changed
your mind that's come out no
organization for the prohibition of
chemical weapons produced a big report
basically saying the opposite of
everything you said I haven't written
anything so I wrote the first story but
I was intrigued by the fact that the
OPCW
put out two or three per reports within
a month which is totally against their
it was if almost they were they were
they were within two weeks they put out
a report
saying we suspect that saram was
involved which is totally out of line
for all of the procedures I know people
who worked in that agency I know people
who disenchanted by that because the
OPCW violated its rules it usually takes
a couple months ago you think OPCW are
wrong about this no Human Rights Watch
Amnesty International the French experts
who studied it hands Blix who's not
exactly a CIA stooge who says it was
probably an attack by gas by the Syrian
government they're all wrong and you've
got it right it's just you and your
intelligence source I think is one
source I had a transcript conversation
of conversations be seeing somebody very
deeply involved in that operation and
higher headquarters I got it
it was shown to the London Review it was
one of the things that made them
convinced that this was a big story
above me and the fact that the sources I
used as sources that I've been using for
a long time that had gone through
fact-checking from The New Yorker for 20
years hold on it's not as if I'm just
inventing a new source I have people
I've worked with for many years and
there's a lot of more cooperation with
us and the Russians on intelligence and
it was there was going to be a meeting a
high-level meeting that was targeted
unfortunately it's very secret the fact
that we and the Russians still work
closely together it's taking a step back
from from the from the details of this
attack a lot of people were taken aback
with the general approach of your
articles even the London Review of Books
which published your earlier stuff
didn't publish the serious stuff lrb
editor Adam Schatz who you know has done
a conversation with you praised you in
the past said and I quote so depressing
to see a reporter who exposed war crimes
in Vietnam in Iraq become an apologist
for war crimes by the Assad regime
Dooney I can say about Syria is that we
keep on talking about rebels the rebels
are pretty hardcore very tough people
syria law if they ever taken bashar
understands that if he loses this war
he's gonna be like mussolini with this
sort of cut hanging from a lamp oh the
masks with his wife and two children
next to him he understands that the his
father's regime his regime is gone Isis
or Al nusra there's another couple of
other groups that are just as bad in
terms of no tolerance even other other
Muslims will take over which will
probably trigger trouble from from Iran
and Israelis so he
in a war to the end and he's fighting a
war against and number of casualties on
both sides are pretty even according to
most people's case I could add too much
money to this but I can tell you there's
a lot of studies I've seen that show
maybe as he certainly lost an awful lot
of people chance and they still journey
the civilian casualties according to
most of the studies I there are studies
that say 35 55 also seen that well
you're still alive well on that subject
you said to the independent this summer
that he's fighting quote as close to a
just war as possible no way that's the
quote independent knew that should ask
them to correct it because I've stopped
giving up people you agree that it's not
a just war by any me like how could it
be just good and that's the quote I was
when I read it but I think many would
argue that Assad is the cause of the
conflict and committed more crack would
you disagree but let me why if civil war
starts easier cause if the dictator is
the person who opens fire on protesters
Arab Spring to 2011 I mean this is the
problem with you you do come across as a
Assad sympathizer that's not a cause
smear or attack you see you've met him
you said you liked him you said you
thought he was going in the right
direction do you worry that that may
have given but a slant to your pieces on
Syria are you kidding I've been a
reporter for 50 years I can separate
what I think for what happens and all
I'm saying is in the very beginning from
the very beginning and as you know many
of the initial groups were actually the
the Free Syrian Army was real there were
a lot of people who couldn't stand him
he had failed terribly on human rights
he didn't do enough on human rights they
had a drought in the farm areas he
didn't do enough he didn't deliver on
education I was writing about all of
this
there was nothing wonderful he was not
popular among many people particularly
intellectuals people were still afraid
of him and he was a despot
are you kidding I just don't think he's
particularly any worse than what goes on
any day in Saudi Arabia when it comes to
and they're all sort of in that same
ballpark and I never saw him as any more
of a monster they were all in this group
of people that will kill kill kill to
survive ok
just before we finish you've become over
the decades one of the most famous one
of the most respected one of the most
successful investigative reporters in
the world you are an inspiration to a
lot of journalists myself included were
you surprised at how big a figure you
became over the years did you set out to
become famous when you were a copy boy
at the city news bureau of Chicago in
1959 did you think this is where my
career will end up are you kidding of
course not but but I did understand
after me lie that I was in a different
position
and I did understand that what I said
off the top extemporaneously he had more
impact and I did do that I happen to
believe I happen to believe in truth so
my truth about what's going on in Syria
may be different than a lot of people's
true war is it the ugliest miserable
thing in the world and I don't think we
ever claimed to fight at anybody than
anybody else that's all Seymour Hersh
we'll have to leave it there thank you
for joining me on upfront it was fine
