a table made of sugar by the Dutch
artist known as Atelier Oh one oh he's
making a point about our addictions to
consumer products just like sugar having
the latest phone can make us feel good
for a short time but when it fails
daniel Regan's art is very personal and
looks at its addiction to self harming
that coping strategy regardless of what
it is is self-destructive and then the
aftermath of dealing with kind of the
guilt and shame that leads to more
overwhelming feelings which links back
to guilt and shame the show spans art
and science contemporary artists using
the expertise of neuroscientists
psychologists to get a better
understanding of all addictions
including new obsessions like social
media and screens gallery visitors are
taking part in further research it's a
blind test of caffeinated versus decaf
to study the placebo effect it's an
important component in drug studies
technological innovations like detailed
brain scans are helping scientists to
figure out why some people get addicted
and eventually even predict who's at
risk there were children stand in their
adolescence before start abusing alcohol
and we had a look at their brain reward
system and in fact you can predict who
is going to use alcohol more and who's
gonna be coming who's gonna use alcohol
less a creepy video considers how we
calculate our self-worth does our social
media feed truly reflect us or is it a
fabrication of happiness artists
Katriona Beals video game looks at how
we are enticed to engage as long as
possible rewards are drip fed the online
experiences can be enjoyable but like
all addictions the brains chemicals
react respond and at some point want
more jessica baldwin al jazeera london
