the Hajj pilgrimage is a religious duty
all Muslims hope to fulfill at least
once before they die it's one of the
five pillars of Islam
Saudi Arabia is the guardian of its
holiest sites including the Kaaba in
Mecca Palestinians living in Jordan say
Saudi Arabia is allowing politics to
taint rituals which should be sacred
Saudi Arabia's fighting the Palestinians
and Islam at the same time other
Palestinians even with a Jordanian
passport say they're being banned from
visiting Saudi Arabia if they don't have
a national ID number tour company
representatives in Jordan were weary of
speaking on camera because of potential
repercussions in Saudi Arabia but this
operator agreed so long as his identity
was concealed ja passports have all been
rejected by the Saudi consulate they
informed us not to bring these passports
again to get a visa to go to Saudi
Arabia this has negatively affected
too-tall companies the Saudi Arabian
embassy in a man refused to comment but
Palestinians are furious the decision
represents the latest on I can't find
any reason or interpretation for such a
decision more than 2 million
Palestinians live in Jordan and the
Hashemite Kingdom has become their
second homeland it's long been believed
that Israel would like to make their
stay permanent hoping Palestinians would
then forfeit their so-called right to
return to Palestine this is a decision
by Trump it's an absolute American
decision the aim is to give the
Jordanian citizenship to the
Palestinians this is just the latest in
a series of u.s. setbacks for
Palestinians including moving the
American Embassy from Tel Aviv to
Jerusalem Palestinians say the eastern
part of the city should be the capital
of their future state and the US
government stopping hundreds of millions
of dollars for Palestinian refugees from
the United Nations Relief and Works
Agency whatever Saudi Arabia's reasoning
many Palestinians and others say they
should be allowed to fulfill best
sacrosanct obligations as Muslims
Victoria Gaytan be al-jazeera
