algebra Zack arrived in court to face 25
new charges including money laundering
and abuse of power he's pleading not
guilty to receiving hundreds of millions
of dollars prosecutors say the money in
his bank account came from the state
investment fund 1mdb
set up by Najib eight years ago the
issue of the 2.6 billion Ringgits has
been used to slander and assault me
today's charges will give me an
opportunity to clear my name and prove
that I am NOT a thief the new charges
are in addition to seven others for
allegedly receiving ten million dollars
from another state owned entity police
in at least six countries are
investigating transactions involving
1mdb
the US Department of Justice alleges
Najat and his associates stole at least
four and a half billion dollars from the
fund anger over the corruption scandal
helped defeat Najib coalition government
in the general election in May ending
the 60-year rule of the Barisan Nasional
party a new government led by former
veteran prime minister mahathir mohamad
wasted no time in reopening the
investigation into 1mdb
which Najib had stopped police in
Malaysia issued an arrest warrant last
month for a man named low-tech Joe
investigators say the fugitive is an
important suspect in the 1mdb corruption
scandal the Malaysian government
recently seized a multi-million dollar
yacht that they say was bought with
money stolen from 1mdb an
anti-corruption detectives have
questioned nutjobs wife Roz McMunn saw
and his stepson razor buzzes the court
has set bail at eight hundred and fifty
thousand dollars Najib has told the end
of the month to make full payment
florence lui al jazeera Kuala Lumpur
