as he struggles to lift Argentina from
its acute economic crisis president
Mauricio macri's limited chances of
re-election next year would appear to
have received an unintentional helping
hand from his main rival former
President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner
is facing a barrage of corruption
charges and is only being kept out of
jail because of her parliamentary
immunity as a senator
Athena competed electoral melting as a
competitor having Christine affected by
so many corruption indictments is
certainly not an undesirable scenario
for Macri in fact a newly published poll
suggests that the only candidate that
Mackley could defeat if elections were
held today is Cristina Kirchner and yet
the fiery populist politician is still
very much in the race the charges of
corruption against Cristina Kirchner on
all the front pages don't impact her
electoral base which remains impermeable
to the attacks against her for a simple
reason
her solid political support comes from
Argentina's poverty for the poor the
issue is not corruption but jobs
inflation and the price of food which
has gone up 300% under McCrory we tested
the theory at a bus stop she stole too
much I doubt she could rim but her
daughter disagrees with Macri you can't
live I'd vote for Cristina with her we
were much better off
and unless Mark Lee's economic recovery
plan shows results by the second
trimester of next year many believe
Kirchner will have the road paved for
victory Argentina is not Brazil or
former President Lula da Silva is
serving out a 12-year prison sentence
and was declared ineligible to run as a
candidate in next month's presidential
elections here even if Cristina Kirchner
is convicted on one or more corruption
charges she is
still eligible to run as long as she
hasn't exhausted all of the appeals
process which could take years by then
she could already be President a
scenario that horrifies those who
believe corruption is the root of
Argentina's problems second only towards
current economic turmoil you see in
human al Jazeera when Osiris
