right live to Pyongyang where you see
Kim jong-un
speaking addressing 150,000 people
gathered at the stadium let's listen to
him citizens here president McCain and
myself had been able to have been able
to make another accomplishment today
that will be an important milestone in
the history of South and North Korea in
the future
this is a precious another step that we
have taken the passion and enthusiasm of
South Korean president moon jae-in
deserves a deep respect from myself and
North Koreans fellow North Korean
citizens here why don't I take an
opportunity to give a great round of
applause again to president Mun jae-in
president min min Jae in in
commemoration of historical visit to
Pyongyang and it's my pleasure to
announce that petal moon jae-in is going
to deliver a speech in front of the
great audience of North Korean citizens
here today this moment right now and
hear will be remembered beautifully and
gloriously in our history for many years
to come
why don't I give a huge welcome to South
Korean president moon jae-in
from young senior woman from young
citizens fellow brothers and sisters who
live in North Korea it is my great
pleasure to meet my fellow North Korean
citizens here in Pyongyang
you haven't told that um no would also
as the president of South Korea with the
welcome invitation and welcome of the
North Korean leader Kim jong-un I'm here
standing in front of my fellow Korean
North Korean citizens to deliver a
speech it is my great pleasure in honor
and I think this shows what kind of
difference we are making to the history
of North and South Korea and we are
seeing the beginning of a new era right
now as we as I speak Kim jong-un Mr Kim
jong-un and myself had a meeting in
Pomona back in April and we had an
opportunity to share warm hugs between
ourselves and we promise to ourselves
that there would be no more war no more
violence on the South Korean Peninsula
we made that Stern and firm declaration
to the entire world and to the entire
communities
not only does the destiny of Korean
people would be in the hands of Korean
people and that was the the ownership of
the fate principle that we were able to
declare and announce to the world when
we first met a couple months ago North
and South Korean relationship would need
to be changed fundamentally and
profoundly so that we can connect the
blood lives of the two Koreas and what
we also committed ourselves to bringing
a new era where the fate of our people
would be in the hands of our own people
this autumn myself moon jae-in as the
president of South Korea has come to
visit Pyongyang young young citizens and
my beloved fellow North and South
Koreans today chairman Kim jong-un and
myself expressed our determination again
and also we agreed on detailed and
specific procedures that we would be
taking to bring an end to the era of
violence on the Korean Peninsula also
from PEC to mountain all the way down to
Hilah Mountain beautiful Korean
landscape and the nature will be
protected from the dangers and the
violence of nuclear weapons and other
types of weapons so that we can test out
this beautiful Korean nature to our
descendants for many many years to come
not only that before it becomes too late
the pains of the separated families will
be put an end and we promised to take
specific actions
to bring their reunion back on the path
for the new fate of the Korean people
and for the bright future of the Korean
Peninsula Chairman Kim jong-un and
myself have been working together and I
think chairman Kim jong-un truly
deserves our round of applause and our
deep respect for his passion and
enthusiasm
yogoro one young citizens my fellow
Koreans during this visit I have been
able to see the development North Korea
the achievement of North Korea's
development and I have been able to see
for myself and feel very deeply about
the kind of future that the North Korean
people want to have and I had an
opportunity to see the desperation and
to feel the urge of North Korean people
to build their future build their good
future and I've seen the courage I've
seen at their determination Pyongyang
citizens and my fellow Koreans Korean
people are great we are strong people
Korean people love peace and have to
live together
you know or chun-yin hon can I walk for
five thousand years we used to live
together and we've been separated too
only for 17 years today right now and
here I can say that we are going to take
steps for the future where we can leave
peacefully just like we used to do 5000
years ago
kim jong hyun joong geun chairman kim
jonghwan and myself again are going to
hold hands in hands with South and North
Korea keep/kill to go toward the bright
future to build our better future from
now and let's walk together in their
journey a lot of young young citizens
young students and children from
Pyongyang welcomed me and my delegation
with great care and great respect once
again I want to take this opportunity to
say big thank you and express my sincere
gratitude for the welcoming gestures
that you have shown today thank you very
much again
so there you see president moon jaein of
South Korea addressing what is a record
crowd of North Koreans I'm told for the
first time that a South Korean leaders
adjust this number of North Koreans in
Pyongyang and made a stadium on the
event of the mass gains this has been oh
this is day two the end of day two of
this historic summit historic is
awareness of often-used but I think it's
really appropriate in this particular
instance Robert bride is our
correspondent who's been monitoring this
entire visit from from from South Korea
from the South Korean capital and Rob as
I say we're talking up we about this
being history in the making and it
really really has been big in terms of
the simple symbolism and the gestures
yeah it's worth Martine just taking a
moment just to realise what this is this
is the mass gains in the May Day Stadium
in Pyongyang it is a hugely symbolic it
involves tens of thousands of people
weeks of preparation to set up with this
mass displays of synchronized gymnastics
turning of cards to create these huge
pictures and it's in the stands of the
stadium those are often all with these
events very patriotic overtones it's a
way of showing devotion for the North
Korea for the party and the family that
runs the country and it's very rare for
a South Korean president to attend that
they have in the past it's often a very
controversial for them thing to thing
for them to do to actually speak at an
event like this this never happened so
this really is unprecedented territory
and it is an incredible way to round off
what has been yet another incredible day
as you said they've had this agreement
we know that it's lacking in a certain
amount of detail there some critics
would say it's a lot of showmanship and
theater with very little substance but
this is an incredible way to round off
that day with moon jae-in you could
actually hear the emotion in his voice
he is from Martine a family of North
Korean refugees that was
we came to the South during the Vietnam
the Korean War and so he has more than a
little connection with the people he is
addressing but he too spoke there about
how his agreement today with chairman
Kim how it what it spells is that there
will be no more war that is the promise
he says that he and Kim has made to the
world he talks about a future career
that will be determined its destiny
shall be shaped by Koreans themselves
talking about a new era on the peninsula
that Koreans love peace he says and that
they will go forward together and then
also talking about the beauty of the
countryside the whole length of the
Korean Peninsula and saying slightly
obliquely that it should never be
damaged by nuclear weapons that is a
kind of a vague reference to
denuclearization without getting into
too much trouble some detail but
certainly very extraordinary scenes that
we've been seeing this Wednesday evening
from Pyongyang indeed I mean it's it
almost brings to mind the ten years
earlier of course the sunshine policy
that eventually yielded very little the
big question for president moon will be
what can he take home to Seoul in terms
of definitive definitive pledges at
least and then evidence of their of
commitment to future action with regard
to getting rid of the nuclear program
that is always going to be the the
problem it has disappointed a number of
observers who were watching looking for
details there in this and as we've was
we've been saying throughout the day
there haven't been the kind of details
no kind of time lines or firm
commitments not even just a simple
inventory of saying what missiles North
Korea actually holds let alone actually
giving any of them up because they
simply haven't done any any of that but
this but this visit continues this was
day two day three Thursday was meant to
be simply a few more photo opportunities
a couple of visits then a send off and
then moon would be coming back now we
hear he is off to mount petco let me
just explain this is
hugely symbolic volcanic mountain in the
north of career on the border between
North Korea and China it is has a huge
symbolism it is almost a religious
significance and that most Koreans will
want to visit it at some time moon
mentioned to Kim
months ago that he would like to go to
mount Petco well he's going there
Thursday morning they will round off
this extraordinary visit by a trip to
this to this mountain before moon comes
back to Seoul it's a very quick
turnaround because next week he goes to
the UN General Assembly where on the
sidelines of that he'll be meeting with
President Trump when of course he has to
try to sell all this to the Americans
Marty all right Rob thank you for that
Rob McBride is our correspondent in the
South Korean capital Seoul monitoring
all of those historic events taking
place just up the road in Pyongyang
