the lady who posted this video says it
illustrates the worst thing to ever
happen to her family the family business
growing strawberries has been forced to
dump its product at the busiest time of
the year
supermarkets won't buy the fruit in
normal quantities because their
customers fear what the strawberries may
contain last week there was what seemed
like an isolated case of a sewing needle
inserted in a strawberry probably by a
disgruntled employee at a strawberry
farm but since there have been reports
of more than 20 copycat incidents around
Australia in writing - the motivation in
relation to these offences we still
haven't have any confirmed motivation or
reasons why we want to do this there is
speculation that some cases are children
putting needles into strawberries while
they're sitting on shop shelves other
cases are complete hoaxes people
pretending to find needles in
strawberries once they're home it's not
a joke it's not funny
you're putting the livelihoods of
hardworking Australians at risk and
you're scaring children and you're a
coward and you're a grub and if you do
that sort of thing in this country we
will come after you and we will throw
the book at you
the government plans to bring in
emergency legislation with prison
sentences of up to 10 years for hoaxes
and up to 15 years for contamination
endangering others those in Australia
strawberry industry recommending that
people cut up their fruits before biting
into it but some are choosing not to buy
strawberries at all and for the industry
worth nearly a hundred million dollars a
year that's a crisis strawberries that
are being sold are heavily discounted
almost as low as the equivalent of one
u.s. dollar a Punnett and farmers of
other fruits are fearful - someone has
claimed to have found a needle in a
banana and in Sydney an apple just
freaked me out I'm thinking my daughter
normally just grabs injured by tinta
apples the strawberry scare threatens to
spread Andrew Thomas al Jazeera Sydney
