he graduated with a master's degree in
engineering but 23 year-old muhammad
Issa is unemployed he has been looking
for a job for months now there are less
and less opportunities in Lebanon
because of a worsening economic crisis
if I had the chance to travel anywhere
that respects my degree respects me as a
human being
respects my major and has chances has
jobs has future definitely I would go
it's not just opportunities families say
they spend tens of thousands of dollars
on their children's education but the
return on that investment
is not sustainable wages are low and the
cost of living is rising when there are
jobs available the pay is so low my
sister for example remain jobless for a
year and a half after graduating from
University she eventually found the job
but the salary was low she took it
anyway because she didn't want to remain
jobless my brother too was jobless for
two years he now works but abroad in
recent months business activity has been
falling shops are closing down staff are
being laid off
Lebanon's public debt is now the third
highest in the world in relation to GDP
the political uncertainty is making an
already bad economic situation worse
Lebanon has been without a government
for four months as politicians argue
over ministerial portfolios this is
blocking fiscal reforms and billions of
dollars in donor financing Lebanon's
latest political crisis is also
affecting investor confidence in the
financial system but it's not the only
reason for slow economic growth first is
political instability second is
corruption in the public sector
third is the deteriorating state of the
infrastructure force is the
difficulties and cost and time it takes
to do formalities in the public sector
and in public with public agencies and
fifth is the lack of clarity in terms of
economic and fiscal policies like
Muhammad many feel even a new government
won't solve the problems of a country
plagued by corruption where officials
use their power to serve themselves and
their supporters senator al jazeera
Beirut
