Adam and Tricia brand are healthy
successful entrepreneurs and they pay
more for health insurance each month
than for their home currently we are
paying about 1200 hours a month that
buys them care but with a stratospheric
deductible that means they pay the first
$14,000 so in recent years that has
meant paying for little Sullivan's
broken arm
$2,000 for operations to insert tubes
and Vedas and Sullivan's ears 10 to 14
thousand for Trish's root canal 1,000
for Adam's appendectomy most of twenty
thousand dollars and they worried that
if Congress or the courts removed
protections for pre-existing conditions
insurers will no longer cover their
children's asthma care so as they
prepare to go to the polls in November
like many Americans the number one issue
on their minds is not tax cuts or the
Russia probe but health care certainly
my number one it's my number one as well
absolutely in Indiana cross roads of the
United States and across the country
they are hardly alone it's just insane
and criminal how much it really costs to
cover yourself the depth and the hearing
aids are really expensive each year our
deductibles keep going up we're noticing
an increase in the amount of time the
candidates are spending talking about
that whether that's in debates
television commercials interviews etc it
certainly has grown I think now it's got
to be probably in the top three issues
here in the Windy plains of Indiana a
race for a US Senate seat could tip the
balance for control of Congress Joe
Donnelly is a Democratic senator in a
Republican state who's made health care
a top priority Mike Braun his challenger
is a Republican who says he set the
example with his own business giving
employees health care keeping rates the
same for a decade but with a relatively
high deductible of ten thousand dollars
per year for a family the debate is
getting personal
I was the deciding vote that saved
coverage for pre-existing conditions you
can see he got riled up here and the
reason is don't Obamacare you've
delivered this Obamacare what
is falling apart the brand say they'll
go with the Democrat Donnelly but they
fear if Washington doesn't fix a broken
system the burden of health care costs
will end their dream of running their
own businesses I really hope we can
continue to be entrepreneurs but you
know it we might not be able to to be so
innovative that concern by the brands
and others like them might be the best
hope Democrats have in an uphill battle
to retake the Senate John Hendren al
Jazeera Indianapolis Indiana
