al-jazeera's investigative unit has
obtained recordings of phone calls made
by a notorious match fix that to a
bookmakers operation in India the calls
are made to dinner cow ghee a bookmaker
link to organized crime by match fixer
Anil Manama now are featured in an Al
Jazeera undercover investigation in May
when he gave advance details of spot
fixes for Test matches involving England
and Australia in the newly obtained
recordings Menaul describes 26 fixes in
15 international matches in 2011 and
nettie betting mr. danaiah
46:48 khuda RT the recordings indicate
the two or three players are involved in
each fix the evidence points to a small
group of England players carrying out
spot fixes in seven matches Australian
players in five matches and Pakistan
players in three players from other
teams carried out spot fixes in one
match in some cases both teams delivered
a fix traditionally historically England
and Australia not supposed to be fixing
matches and that will stand the creating
world the recordings also include a call
made by Minar to an unnamed English
cricketer ready for only seconds you
will be created in a week now spot fixes
affect only parts of the match and do
not determine the overall result most of
man hours spot fixes our session fixes
in which players underperform during a
session or bracket of 6 8 or 10 overs I
don't BM vinegar little Madeira due to
the gravity of the accusations
al-jazeera is not for now naming the fix
sessions because that would identify the
batsman suspected of fixing many of the
matches include multiple spot fixes and
some matches have fixes by both teams ha
sergeant Graham underlay
what is going on how on earth do you
account for for these eventualities all
panning out exactly as forecast
Australia's Cricket Board described the
claims as contemptible the England and
Wales Cricket Board said the allegations
had no basis al-jazeera intends to hand
over unedited material to the relevant
police authorities David Harrison
al-jazeera
London
