for weeks it'd Lib has been bracing
itself for the assault that seemed
imminent Damascus and Moscow both
signals it was coming so they wanted to
clear out Syria's final rebel stronghold
and after a lull bombs had started
falling again but following a marathon
meeting in Sochi
it looks like Turkey's president has
persuaded Lavinia Putin to try something
different for a while at least the
assault is off during the meeting we
took a close look at the situation and
decided to create a demilitarized zone
along the contact line of Syrian
government forces and the armed
opposition 15 to 20 kilometers deep by
the 15th of October of the current year
it's a success for recipe.i / Diwan who
has mounted an urgent diplomatic
campaign to avert what the United
Nations said would be a major
humanitarian disaster together we will
ensure the detection and the prevention
of provocation of third parties and
violations of the agreement with this
aim Russia and Turkey will carry out
coordinated patrols on the borders of
both sides of the Demilitarized Zone
that will be designated all heavy
weapons will have to be withdrawn from
the buffer zone and what Putin called
radically minded rebels including higher
Tahrir al-sham would have to pull out
the details are to be agreed with
Damascus according to Russia's Defense
Minister yet again it's been made clear
that despite all the talk of Syria's
territorial integrity its sovereignty
that its Syrians themselves that should
be deciding the fate of their country
ultimately it's outside powers that are
calling the shots
but those outside powers have their
limitations - Russia can't ignore Turkey
and Monday's developments show that
things Russia needs to call it Syrian
intervention a success the return of
refugees reconstruction the political
process would be all but impossible
without anchors involvement turkey
terrified of a new wave of homeless
Syrians put its foot down Moscow
listened and did lib gets a reprieve for
now
Rory challon's al Jazeera Moscow
