it's only days since South Sudan's
warring parties agreed to end a war
which has ravaged the world's youngest
country but the United Nations is keen
for the government to take the next big
step as soon as possible form a hybrid
Court to put on trial anyone suspected
of committing atrocities during the
conflict what we've said in our report
that South Sudan is a country at war
with its citizens because the attacks
continue the violations continue the
outflow of internally displaced persons
and refugees continue and of course the
number of children were affected by the
conflict continue to go on the increase
were began in 2013 when President Salva
Kiir accused his then vice president
Riek Machar
of attempting a coup tens of thousands
of people have been killed and a third
of the country's 12 million population
displaced the UN has reports of ethnic
killings rape and recruitment of child
soldiers and has no guarantee those
activities won't continue the signed
peace deal calls for among other things
the formation of a court
so those accused of crimes can be held
accountable but South Sudan's government
which has denied committing any offences
says the immediate priority should be on
building peace in the country South
Sudan is now looking for way out from
the conflict to peace and peace
agreement has been signed so the
international community should now give
time for the government and the other
political parties that sign the
agreement to make sure they implement
the peace agreement later on a spirit
the issue of accountability doesn't come
to roost
the accountability should come as part
of the implementation of his agreement
but for many people if justices seem to
be done it will enable them to move on
from the horrors of the past and rebuild
their lives Heba Morgan al-jazeera
