I am Familia and I'm Willie could be
loud
the annual Oslo Freedom Forum brings
together artists entrepreneurs and human
rights advocates from around the world
coming up we chat with two notable
speakers from this year's conference
that's today on the stream we are live
now on YouTube so send your questions
and comments and Malik and I will do our
very best to get them into this
conversation hi my name is Raphael
c'mere
I am I gonna bloggers and activists and
your industry
togolese blogger Freda neighbor Emma has
been threatened with violence
ever since 2014 when she published the
personal contacts her country's
parliament on social media the daughter
of an activist who was imprisoned
multiple times by the father of the
current Togolese president for nursing
BAE Freda has lived her life as an
activist on the run launching the
hashtag for must go to demand president
loosing maize removal from the office
among other social reforms Musa kueh the
deputy leader of the now banned
opposition Cambodian national rescue
party has been in exile since 2017
Sequoia has been a vocal critic of Prime
Minister Hun Sen and the Cambodian
People's Party the CPP swept elections
in July but opposition activists dispute
the result Hun Sen's government has
cracked down on political opposition but
recently released some dissidents from
prison including cnrp leader Kem Sokha
so we're very pleased to welcome both
for reading of Rama and also mu secured
from this year's Oslo Freedom Forum in
New York City to the streams get to see
you ladies very good to see you
Sakura you are living in exile right now
for a politician who is so engaged in
your country's history and development
what is that like to be in SL is never a
choice is however a security and you
need to keep your voice heard no matter
how far you are from the country but as
long as your voice is heard
you keep democracy alive and that is my
plan for people who are not following
the progress of what's happening in
Cambodia perhaps the lack of progress of
what's happening in Cambodia can you
give us one vivid example of what it is
that the opposition party when it was
allowed to exist will be complaining
about today Cambodia is a one-party
state after the last July election which
was a sham election mr. Johnson a former
Khmer Rouge and we know that the Khmer
Rouge regime killed over 2 million
people including my parents this form
mr. Hun Sen was
to stay in power much longer therefore
he had to take out the democratic forces
from civil society to independent media
and then finally dissolving the only
opposition party the Cambodian national
rescue party the party is not only
dissolved but the opposition leader our
leader mr. cumshaw ha and another leader
had mr. cam cyka is in prison has been
in prison for the past year and another
leader mr. Sam Ramsay has been in exile
and we have a 118 of us at the top level
of the opposition have been in a band
from political activities that's what
the situation right now but we are not
going to let mr. Hanson and his party
take a chance to run to take the country
to a dictatorship much longer Cambodia
needs to be back on track with with
democracy and that is the only way to
give our people the hope and to keep
democracy alive in Cambodia so secure
there are some questions here about how
specifically you can do that to put
Cambodia back on track as you say this
is a tweet we got from someone who says
recently I've seen that the opposition's
interior is broken
it's broken between the two leaders that
you mentioned sound rainy supporters and
CEM soap as supporters so I want to know
how that happened and how it can get
back to normal and if there's any hope
that they can come back to politics in
Cambodia so your thoughts for the
opposition being dissolved how would
they then be able to form that United
Front we have very strong support inside
the country don't forget that we got 44
percent of the votes meetings we over 3
million half of the country and we have
a very very strong Cambodia diaspora in
in Europe in the United States in
Australia on top of that we have leaders
who are still very very committed to and
used as well to democracy we have a
common goal which is putting democracy
back on track we are a democratic on
haughty therefore we have ideas we have
strategies that don't always match so we
express ourselves it does not mean that
we are broken from inside they want to
break us but to the contrary we are
alive with our voices heard and these
conversations make it sound like we are
broken we are not I just want to show
some pictures mystic Earl of when you
were more active on Twitter that takes
us back to 2015 I'm going to show them
and you can tell us what you what was
going through your mind at the time this
was an act of defiance that you were
doing involving Freedom Park I briefly
explained what that was there was when
Freedom Park which is like Hyde Park in
London a place where people can express
themselves and use it as for public
expression was closed down because of
too many people that work with the
opposition were using the park so they
closed it down and I said no we continue
a march on to Freedom Park for over two
months and then defy the even sometimes
the tanks we have to be to show to the
youth actually that they are they belong
to at Freedom Park and there's no way we
should let Freedom Park tick be taken
over by these forces so we have to fight
for a freedom of expression freedom of
gathering fear freedom or being alive
and the most the best time to be alive
in dictatorship is at Freedom Park and
then for our viewers who don't know of
course you went to jail in 2014 for
protesting in freedom Park so I want to
bring up this tweet with that in mind
this is her alpha who says I can't
imagine activists not being immediately
put in prison in Cambodia if they
organize I don't think there is any room
at all for human rights activists to
organize in Cambodia anymore many people
jailed this last year with really zero
substantive evidence at all what would
your message be to Cambodians still in
Cambodia who want to organize keep
fighting keep expressing yourself you
can use social media
you don't have to be confrontational but
you can and you must express the your
feelings your ideas your thoughts about
corruption without having to you have to
find a way which is a strategy strategic
way to work with to fight dictatorship
is freedom of expression without going
to jail which means telling the truth
but at the same time they're giving
solutions rather than attacking the
dictator but saying for the for Cambodia
for the whole of Cambodia can the
dictator say no if but you have to
understand that mr. Johnson is also
trying to get the workers for example
get the farmers for example on his side
as well especially the Jews so you have
to play with his game which is to bring
the forces behind you which is voices
the voices of the youth and if the Jews
are afraid because they are intimidated
by mr. Hussein that is not the way to
fight a dictator the Jews actually are
the power and they should be using their
voices through social media versico is
advice to Cambodians
who want to organize tell the truth and
don't be intimidated so I want to share
a comment from someone who is doing just
that in another country in Vietnam take
a look at this headline why my Kuya Viet
Nam's Lady Gaga
performs in secret in her country she's
actually also a participant at the Oslo
Freedom Forum and she's often been
dubbed Lady gaga
due to her activism and her style so how
to listen to what that sounds like here
she is performing at the Freedom Forum
to design society wonder I'd to be so
she was actually banned from singing
publicly in her country for speaking out
about freedom of expression and and
freedom of speech she sent us a video
comment from the forum and this is what
she had to say I am an independent
artist I don't think of myself as an
activist I just do things to make people
think and act in the new ways but in
Vietnam people labels this activism one
challenge is people have certain
expectation about what is activism and
how activists should act so this makes
my work twice as hard I have to face
control from both from the government
and from the conservative society Farida
I want to bring you in here you know you
heard her say she doesn't consider
herself an activist because it raises
all types of questions about what is
activism and what does an activist look
like can you relate to that do you
consider yourself an activist I
definitely do I believe that I am an
activist because activists are people
who are fighting to change the course of
things in their community and change the
course of things for the better
actually I was really fighting for a
cause and they believe in organizing
communities and they believe in citizens
voices and that's what I do empowering
citizens organizing citizens to that
extent I am an activist corrida I want
to show you a picture and it's a picture
of you just a few moments ago on the
stage at the Oslo Freedom Forum in New
York and there's a quote here togo's
prisons can be compared with a living
hell and this is you just talking just a
little while ago this is you on stage a
very striking picture just behind
there will be people who don't know
what's going on in Togo if there was a
description that you could give them to
understand why it is that you take so
many risks what would that description
be my country has been ruled by the
oldest military regime in Africa the
very first bloody coup in Africa 1963
was conducted in Togo and that is the
past that we want to break away from my
grandfather fought against this regime
my father did and I did I feel like
dictatorship is the only thing that mean
Herod's in trouble and that is not an
inherited that I want to pass on to my
own children as being ruled by the same
family for five decades is just too much
and not only we are being denied of our
basic human rights but on top of that
this regime has failed in terms of
delivering any economic growth to the
country and today Togo is in the top ten
poorest country in the world and four
times consecutively my people have been
have made it as the forest as the most
unhappy people on earth that is that is
a very appalling thing and I want things
to change for the better because
nobody's are so much better than what we
are having right now under the nesting
be family I'm looking at protest video
right now and what's remarkable about
this and this could be anywhere anywhere
in the world but you cannot protest in
Togo because why the government's said
that they lost two guns last year during
a protest that were confiscated from
soldiers until we find these two guns we
cannot protest anymore
I hear what you're saying there I wanted
to bring in this comment for you this is
Boris on Twitter who says impunity is at
the core of this crisis in Togo for half
a century one clan has taken over power
and lots and lots of crimes have been
committed is it possible for this regime
to accept peaceful regime change and you
know they have a hashtag in there
wanting an exit in 2020 how possible do
you think that is Farida it depends on
the peoples of Togo you know it's about
us you know fighting to want for change
it's about us refusing to give up and to
give in it's about us being determined
to go all the way to the end of course
it's going to come with lot of
consequences but we have paid a heavy
price over the past decades so in the
Philippines a while you just kind of
glided over it consequences but I know
from doing research on you and from
going through your Twitter feed that the
consequences have been high and heavy
for you can you give us an example
consequences such as people getting
arrested detained and tortured severely
people getting killed soldiers going
into homes and beating citizens throwing
tear gas in their room to force them out
so they can beat them and kill them
these are heavy consequences that the
people of Togo have been facing for
daring ask for change of course it's not
going to be easy that is why we keep
raising awareness and mobilizing so cook
from whatever we can get that our
country has been very much isolated for
so many reason we are friends became
country we are relatively small one of
the smallest countries on the continent
as a result we do not get a lot of
coverage or attention for the regime he
was important by that in two thousand
and five hundred people of Togo opposed
for narsimha taking over after his
father died
a countryman where's the cute said but
nothing has happened there was no
consequence whatsoever and like Marie
said impunity has always got van eyes
the regime because they're so emboldened
by the fact that they can kill as many
citizens as the ones and nothing will
happen to them
Etowah being emboldened and I know that
you have received death threats but not
anonymous defects you know who they're
coming from can you tell us a little bit
about that I have received threats from
all of other places from government
cronies to some ministers and the
government's and well as an activist and
as somebody who is fighting against a
dictatorship unfortunately there is
something that I have managed to accept
as being a natural consequence of what I
am doing so when I received these
threats I just feel like I have it in
the right place and I'm doing a good job
because they feel threatened by us they
are rule or they are rule their
leadership that Germany is threatened by
us and of course the only way they can
respond to this is by by trying to get
rid of us and by trying to silence us so
hearing both of your stories miss Sakura
and Farida people online have lots of
questions for you and many of them
themselves are activists and others are
looking to you for if you answer so this
is Andrew who sent us a chain of
questions and I'm gonna pose to you both
but I'll pick the one I find the most
interesting and is number two sometimes
the people you fight for are the ones
fighting you what's kept them moving in
the direction of their goal yes
you know when you are an activist
there's one very interesting thing the
people you are fighting for will fight
you the people you're fighting we will
fight we'll fight you and the people
you're fighting against will also fight
you sometimes people do not understand
the reason behind someone taking so much
risk to demand change and sometimes
people have not tasted change before
they don't know what is different they
don't know better as a result they are
even afraid of it because their whole
life they have been sold the propaganda
and they started to believe in it but
sometime people are actually scared
because they feel like you who are
asking for change are exposing all of
them and your take risks that is going
to make them pay for things they did not
ask for as a result they are scared and
don't fight you naturally but freedom is
something that I believe every human
being deep down once and when you keep
preaching and you keep pushing at the
end of the day do
sat admiring and respecting your courage
in your dedication and finally don't buy
into written or be convinced enough to
understand why you are standing for your
cause and/or follow you have to keep on
focusing on what we are fighting for and
not who we are fighting what we are
fighting for is a belief the belief of
the fundamental rights fundamental
freedoms and also to protect the people
who do not have a voice so stay focused
all the time we are attacked and
especially as women and III have an
American passport I was educated in the
West I was married to an American man
who passed away so all of that is
against us again I saw this activist the
revolutionaries so we have learned and I
have learned to delete and I say to
people all the time
delete delete what they want to use to
make you lose focus you say my focus is
here with me in my head in my heart in
the struggle of my people you can call
me anything you want but one thing one
thing you cannot be Rael my mind and I
think it is the strength that you get
from day to day the Commons especially
with social media you are so tempted to
read comments fine read the comments a
look really positive as well at button
they are constructive negative
constructive and negative comments but
at the end of the day it is about you do
you stop and fear think about the fear
and the risk no you move on but move on
strategically and one thing also don't
move alone move with the rest and you
just said move and I I think that when
you are fighting the cause that you're
fighting for is the one
think that you have to keep your focus
on at the end of the day once you
believe in that cause it is beyond
everything else I remember saying once
that of the 7 million of people that we
are in Togo if six million nine hundred
thousand and ninety nine meaning if all
of them has said to me I still okay if
leading on the dictatorship I will fight
them all in defeat that is a church it
is not because I believe that I'm more
powerful than all my countrymen what I
believe likes my belief and freedom is
not something that I can trade and I
will not give up no matter how many
people are against that freedom or
afraid of that freedom ladies you both
have reputations and I'm gonna touch on
on one for each of you so secure you
have a reputation for being a politician
that uses music and sound and singing in
your voice on the campaign trail trial
and when I said is it appropriate to ask
you to do that in the show you said what
you know when I cannot express myself
anymore it comes out on come on me and
des inside me and junka We the People
Cambodia we used to have land and we
used to have river and mountains now we
have nothing left it's just come out on
the campaign trail when you see the
farms being taken away when you see our
indigenous people crying because the
ancestral land is now the project of the
Chinese companies how can you not cry
out how could you can do not sing you
tear pour on come on me and Damien slimy
and jump that's it it's beautiful I feel
it right now I can't believe that people
complain that you sing on the campaign
trail it's very effective and for reader
a real contrast people call you the
angry girl why do they do that in your
country in your home country exactly and
we go again it is required cuz I carry
the angry or at the anger sory of 8
million people I usually say that if all
of us were just a little bit will be
different
and I have to manage to be angry for
eight million people and scream loud
enough for our voice to be heard outside
of Togo angry for eight million not easy
but you do it well I want to bring you
in this comment we got via Instagram we
asked our community there what
challenges to human and civil rights
activists face where they live and we
got a response from South Africa Levi
says shrinking space for civil society
engagement and many if not most
political spaces in East and Southern
Africa we also got that same idea on
Twitter this is Winnie who says in
recent times we witnessed the shrinking
space of human rights defenders so it's
not just in one part of the world it's
in many Saku what would you say to
people who say that they feel like they
are almost claustrophobic and the amount
of space they have to do human rights
work this is why we have to be strategic
this is where the Oslo Freedom Forum is
so important hearing what Frida is going
through so hearing what Michael is going
to in Vietnam gives me ideas and
together we give we hug each other with
their sisters we can make it and this is
the space in our head in in our minds
and the people will say space is
shrinking yes base is shrinking however
we have to change move our strategy to
so that this space can be widened
widened by pulling in more people and
that's why we have to put democracy as a
glue on the global map it's not just
about Cambodia or total of Vietnam
almost on big anymore is the global
democracy Farida in a sentence what
keeps you going
I believe that way too much too many
sacrifices were made for us to give us
other points you know my biggest
inspiration is my grandfather who used
to walk over 500 kilometres roundtrip
but then protest for independence and
that was in the 1950s so if you want
father that's your inspiration
I'm gonna leave it there so Farida and
sakura thank you so much for being part
of this program Malika what do you want
to leave us oh and with a comment
specific to Africa but also could be
extrapolated elsewhere Matar says we
appreciate your efforts not only as a
Togolese activist but also as an African
as you rightly said no one is born ready
for revolution we have to prepare for it
it's time for all to say no to injustice
and violent atrocities from dictators
across the continent thank you so much
everybody for following us you can do so
on Twitter as well we're at AJ stream
Malika and I will see you next time take
care
