people were angry people could not take
it anymore we went out with Palmas
spades every weapon that is there we
were killing weapons we went out and
displays because we know them whatever
is in our community
see more subjective which is a hit with
neither side the other side is an old
town in Cuba had a shower same started
from the side from this side there is
where you are going to get most of the
activities
well having a walk in this particular
sector
most of these people have said are not
employed and most of the tasks you will
found you will find this particular site
ah we've seen recently
lots of boys have been released from
jail they don't get jobs because of
their criminal records and there's
nothing that they can - what is what
they are thinking is nothing that they
can do in order to enhance their lives
so they go back to hope people they go
back to time and again we have to
upgrade them and send them again back to
jail so our government and the police
and the correctional services they need
to help us in this regard because we can
forever do the same thing time and time
again
now we're going to my workplace at the
Department of Education I'm employed as
a labor relations officer I'm in charge
for the discipline and making sure that
today's labor peace
yeah no Edward they are fully aware of
operation manual T because the media
reports about operation magnitude C the
achievements and the dissatisfactions
with the differences between myself and
the four DS so they are they are fully
aware our quality of education is did
you really did because educators do not
have control over dilemmas learners are
now starting to assault educators so
constantly you are faced with with
situations that are imbalanced but I'm
of the view that the only time when
human beings change their behavior is if
there is a threat of pain that is only
time
I'm actually very proud because not a
lot of people would be personally I
admit will be able to do something like
that
so protecting an entire communities
actually of picketing so I think gays
being driven by the patient so that's
why even if you want to tell them to
stop
you know it's not gonna stop
or anything like a marketable ammos
ontology
except thank you thank you for giving
food away
thank you and you see the same part of
this is that you must also use your air
time you must use your pet on your
vehicle everything my sacrifice just to
save
an operation like UT permian they duty
monk how do i do UT back hitting and
demo
it is not easy to have an organization
like this especially the skin your life
so in these three years and the weapons
that we've confiscated we've achieved a
lot and I think we've done enough it
would be very difficult to continue for
another three years because we don't
have the funds
we'd 1:54 the pipe five eight cellphones
one Emma okay so yeah guess about it one
day with the intervention of God a good
Samaritan will come along and then
assist us and say the good that we are
trying to do
because I didn't even cry out to nine
muskan description ahead of any injuries
there were certain kisses belong thank
you
if Russia's a problem I think the best
thing you will have to carry you and
John diesel um tempered Tempe most
because I'm a skeleton of patients I
want to take this one
we had a hotel daily experiences we had
to take a nap or that is abnormal
because we are facing an abnormal
situation
like I said before and I'm gonna repeat
the only way a human being changed their
behavior is if there's a type of pain
lesson is a measure that is correct if
that we administer you in your own
dictionary you call it corporal
punishment someone else would call it
assault we are placing you so that you
change to an acceptable behavior in
society
the reason why we stood up when all
those who are in government in positions
of responsibility cannot fight crime
cannot empower people God chose us I
need to time you see the damage that you
do see how can you eat a small boy for
stealing something why don't you take
you to the police now you come with some
box you eat the shell for the hit me
once in a chemise new game magnitude c4
Latin for the TV our story until me
everywhere
they beat you everywhere on a cable why
won't you tell the cops - we are - I
feel like like is running away it's like
the community the feeling that take
chances these are not things to be
judged you just doing it for like
I've realized the only thing that helps
Linux its foot home
you tied to your past when you score
people celebrated when a team wins
people are appreciate you as a captain I
just the only thing that you will cheek
and not hurt anyone it's just a boy so
those are the things that they keep you
safe
show me your meal food as a fool
where's our money now you make you
plates are you gonna leave the chair you
say - Munna the mala state soon
that's a serious allegation books Yepez
why I'll do this then now you're going
to tell you now
I'm a police officer I'm working in
Kimberly Holloway our enemy is one is
kind but the only thing that we are just
against is the manner in which they do
things even though one understand the
frustration no one has the right to be
assorted yes the irrespective a criminal
you did one I did this national your
problem when it comes to policing the
issue of vehicles the issue of also
members the main power I do believe that
one day we will be able to work together
with it but justice system is the one
that would say okay what type of
punishment does this person deserve so
is not us that we must punish we as well
as what we don't have a beef against the
police we we are there because the
police are also crying foul that they do
not have the necessary case also so we
don't want to be better than the police
because we are not the police we don't
want to be compared to the police all we
want is a relationship where all of us
will work together towards the fight
against crime
hello ya spongebob
dasu
that's our meeting we Overland
appreciate you say okay so no I got so
bad you to know yeah yeah I'm only
worried about if be honest our start
fighting each other
it is where we can start developing and
we can't afford to have a Dickens with
try and resolved against to lose so we
can't afford to have cancer
to complain on they say what does it for
the mañana con ellos vieron el scam oh
no no say what does the problem monitor
and as you're blowing it
sales of the self-identified one five
year my nose bone on do that's for all
second innocent bizarre you saw that
attacks Yokosuka Bacchus in unsafe
conditions over for us
it drags coho diets that is verbal
attacks or any police over to be ally
police imagine not some trendy fun
there's a fair Lupe taken for own sector
nurse email you can really see where I'm
crazy volume de patatas you wanna like
you pansies on it what were you arrested
in any community personalized as we all
right watch even vote for me the meeting
a garrison anacondas are half re poly
seven years
Jenny laughs now I natural human years
cancel upon here's his wine apathy is
the counselor the police a scene she was
mañana so if there's a monitor business
he saw the elastica of communal as a
swarm liquor come on scum causality
images shows I'm on
okay let's go that's it
I stand for a society that we must build
a society that would have a future but
I've never been perfect there comes a
time when all of us because that line I
realize that no human being should be
treated like that when you have
caricatures like myself it is something
that is you as a as a person but is
something that needs to be done
we're going to pick up SEPA that is my
daughter my firstborn III I think and
not I think I believe that after done a
good job with regard to my daughter
because she's one person who who has
never disappointed me the sound has been
chosen to play hockey match on Tuesday
15 May SEPA is that your brother what
happened didn't you go to school
hey are you sick
now why did you come I must give this to
your sister
yeah
and by your good but I'll see you later
our dog guilt inside now get inside
Naaman yeah those are my offsprings male
or female husband or wife there's no
person who'd want to be in a
relationship with an absent person and I
was forever not at home so the marriage
itself you go apart because of they kept
the distance between the two of you men
and the mother we always have the in the
best interest of of this kiss a dad as
long as in the situation that I am in
it's better that I don't risk their
lives
we made a deal with the tech industry
they are going to give us a certain
amount of money if we can help them
commercial they're Texas our what
motivated us to agree to that is when we
realize that every time there is nobody
in 2002 the big swing it was the one a
quick exit out of town so since our
arrangement we have confiscated too many
knives right oh that's obvious gonna at
least now we see that there is a part of
what I in town and people have
confidence so it helps a lot
if why not so she was never established
my life would have been far better but I
sleep well at night I know that at least
I've made a difference
they come days where I feel it enough is
enough
my family makes us suffer
but you don't give out because you've
got that fire burning inside of you that
you cannot just leave the people to end
up being victims of crime when you when
there's something that you can do a body
you
