when the co was released in 2009 the
documentary won widespread acclaim and
even an Academy Award but for the
Japanese in the tiny village of Taiji it
brought unwelcome world attention
vilification for hunting dolphins and
whales now a new documentary is showing
a different side of the people of Taiji
in a film called a whale of a tale these
killers have no hair in the world
dolphin the villagers are portrayed as
being besieged by foreign activists
using strong-armed social media tactics
to get them to stop whaling the film's
director is Megumi Sasaki when it comes
to whaling or dolphin hunting we
unanimously hear only one side which is
against whaling in dolphin hunting the
core problem was a lack of information
so this is not to propose support the
whaling with dolphin hunting but I just
wanted to show the whole picture whale
hunts and Taji can be traced back to the
1600s it's part of their heritage and
religion and the need to survive one
whale kill could feed the entire
community for months even today they say
that dolphin and whale hunt sustain a
community for survival bringing in food
and also helping the economy but Sasaki
says it's also about something more and
that people are so proud of the history
there are so that's their identity the
town as a whaling town or the tongue of
whales and dolphins and that's something
that they inherited from their ancestors
it's so important for them to continue
whatever the ancestors been doing Japan
is pushing hard to lift the ban on
commercial whaling at the International
Whaling Commission meeting in Brazil but
for now the people of Taji feel like at
least their side of this story is being
told Gabriel Sandow al Jazeera
