almost two decades ago when Sierra Leone
was in the grip of civil war troops from
Nigeria would deploy to protect
civilians but instead some of the
peacekeepers turned on those they were
meant to safeguard atrocities captured
on camera by journalists or assume or oh
now that harrowing footage is central to
an extraordinary legal campaign to get
justice for the victims
you
Sierra Leone West Africa
in 1998 and 1999 Nigerian peacekeepers
murdered raped and tortured Sierra
Leonean civilians and got away with it
this footage of the Nigerian
peacekeepers was filmed by a local
cameraman saria's Samora and broadcast
around the world 17 years ago in a
documentary called cry Freetown but
there was a silent majority suffering
the Nigerians had been invited to
protect civilians by the Sierra Leonean
government which was embroiled in a
brutal civil war against rebel militias
but instead of being protectors many
became butchers after the end of the
conflict in 2002 a United Nations funded
tribunal was established to prosecute
serious crimes committed during the
Civil War but the Nigerian crimes were
ignored brushed under the carpet of
history
after 18 years of silence a team of
international lawyers is reopening the
case
my name is Karim Khan and I'm leading
this case representing victims that have
suffered so much the case is being
conducted by myself
data Sharmila alejandra of malaysia my
brother Ibrahim Miller from Sierra Leone
we're doing the case pro bono to do
something for the victims raped executed
torture largely by Nigerian troops that
came in to protect come on Shiva how I
said why thank you one has seen in the
United Nations allegations of
peacekeeper abuses it needs to be this
underlying those that are charged with
official mandates to protect must do
precisely that out of the nine cases
that we found today five of those cases
also include video evidence filmed by
the acclaimed journalist sorry of Samora
we have such clear evidence and nothing
ever has been done given that after 19
years no international mechanism has
even attempted to secure a dress for
this class of victim we now have file
today this morning a case it's a request
for redress to put in place proper
investigation and accountability
mechanisms we know there's a different
government in Sierra Leone a different
government in Nigeria if there a way to
get a solution I have every confidence
that hopefully justice may be possible
after all this time for the victim
Lamine Monterey was five years old when
the Nigerian peacekeepers otherwise
known as ECOMOG came to his area
renewable cereal everybody before my
kids from the community among honestly
on the morning with Ali women and
material assistance over there on the
pipeline
so one boy ordinary community there
cannot name a city boy denying even
melody any money
the opposite is my material the monument
I didn't you only kill Masterson
another emotions mommy mommy my daddy my
younger sisters
sooner should say no the seminary farm
in Canada for the a stenographer
excuse me gonna unbox ovd let senator
there come open change Italian seasoning
and Antonio my sister also lives now
still on strong and it's about simple
that's alive another anymore
Anna body and life was in mom or dad or
younger sister through college should
start others against the Akuma
in December 1998 as the civil war raged
in the provinces there were rumors of an
imminent rebel attack on the nation's
capital Freetown Soria Samora was a
local cameraman living in the city for
us who were living in the city we were
just living in permanent fear the
peacekeepers Akuma were the ones who
were defending us at that time it was on
the morning of the 6th of January 1999 a
friend of mine called on the phone and
said him
the rebels are here I took the camera
and from the window I started filming
the rebels I just thought what was
happening in my country needed to be
seen it needed to be filmed so I made
the decision to step out those 19 is
what I feel what I saw what I witnessed
I pray nobody nobody sees it in their
own country the peacekeepers they lost
not complete this is meant to be a
well-trained disciplined peacekeeping
force here was now with the camera
they're letting me feel that madness I
was too confused I was just lost
the Willoughby or 16 yeah we it I sue
the villa and the hospital so dancer and
the US Open de la coca leaves to its own
they waitin below each so technical go
by group so named Jimmy LaFave am aporia
say mama Cosma bingo nothing not being
fulfilled in a small fellow beware so
ego but in a big eternity Antonina with
74 nos in sevilla are watching papa
attila assume no see an Oct villa zone
which were formerly automated
I saw the soldiers actually first of all
beating one guy I saw the other guy on
the far side begging he was desperately
crying I am NOT a rebel please don't
kill me now what are your thoughts
I know people were thinking why just
stand there and film but I had no choice
and I just kept that short with people
in see'em they say LCG be redundant make
defib
I know ever watch up I'm Erica 1d with
hakuna freely not even play the ADIZ
ihcafe and if I put this leads on the
same hour sir you see nobuta need a non
VDP say the defendant may be too late so
I hope we find it in take this a noble
and a big country missive we are
foreseen
straight away there were guys standing
by the wheelbarrow and with the boys
still kicking
they talked him into the wheelbarrow
that boy begging for his life home and
within minutes to be thrown here in a
big mass grave a lot of family members
will never ever find out that some of
their loved ones ended up here these
innocent souls who paid a dear price at
the hands of peacekeepers
the special court for Sierra Leone was
established in 2002 to prosecute those
most responsible for serious crimes
committed during the war
Sharmila Alejandra was one of the
prosecutors at the court and is now the
driving force behind the renewed effort
to seek justice a special court did have
jurisdiction both the Nigerian troops we
had video evidence the whole world has
seen what has happened have been
probably one easiest cases to the
prosecutor and we didn't there was just
that complete silence on victims of
economic crimes 18 years have gone by 18
years of inaction against these Nigerian
troops despite the most compelling
evidence any prosecutor could possibly
have that can't be tolerated
over 16 17 years I have this tapes here
and they just slide there you know got
windows and I kept you know thinking
wishing somebody should just do
something about this when the call came
from Kareem and shamela I was excited
finally this tapes are gonna be useful
these tapes are gonna be using a court
of law to actually bring
some of these people to account in case
we're collecting the evidence evaluating
the evidence and see what we can do to
assist digital nobody has tried energy
and economic soldiers for what they did
to this people those guys we are they're
very inhuman they treated me like a
beast right now I know how I'm feeling
my only two gave me these Warrington's
world who are abandoned
they felt they were spectators of
justice and instead of just skipping
through little cracks of justice I think
those cracks became gaping holes even if
is 20 years later we are reopening this
issue
i-i'm not can tell everyone what
happened II we Akuma click am and can
hold me actually issue no question the
family no one else would
when I met last one Swoboda in a scenic
you in killed in the Amanda taking money
I say we the motivating money for the
only let me give it up till now I need a
affects me that betrayed ability if
you've been all over my body option now
listen our system it was not getting
permission to say no on me sitting on
Alibaba you can be either say you no
sense then I came even a hospital
well I believe Kate Solano
I said because if I can release no they
will kill me you might the next day you
can't catch anybody last with my car
cuts and reminded us with back
I got within anyway how is she stated
live that long
I just it went on for hours
I only took a looming Mabel talk to me
sits at the office tomorrow I will take
care of my sister serious pets
jacquimo
see that level of punishment being
dished on to your mother and can't you
can't do anything rotten a less
miraculous by the exercise phenomena
don't be off this anaerobic body can't
send assistance
see I see them will they work in the
mammalian boots on then just push the
inside will be a father see the no dice
f9 cabaco body see when I saw that body
Mac for me you don't
as a witness in the case Sariah Samora
traveled to the Hague in October 2017 to
provide his testimony in my preparation
to come and talk to them you know I took
that journey again down memory lane and
there's some of the things it wants you
it's traumatic but for me it's a few
days but these people who saw their
loved ones really being brutalized being
murdered in front of their own eyes
they're gonna leave it forever even if
we can register in the consciousness of
the powers-that-be that something like
this should never go unpunished
sorry if you don't mind do you want to
start from the rain that's it well I'm
not because she knew me and so we agreed
I said I'm setting up now with these
guys and you see her once said that he
should be taken down doctor killed kill
him was what I had
we must get this a cat he didn't finish
the stem he walked away from the camera
that's the key life alumni that's the
computer I'm saying all of them are
Nigerians we've already caught his air I
should have saved some of these guys I
struggle I struggle with this I will beg
them to forgive me if I perhaps could
have done better I hope you understand
he had one red t-shirt but no brief no
trousers so they brought him right to
where the bullets were hitting and he
put him there
the way it was is screaming before even
touching me here you could see that
there's something weird I first met
Moses in 1996 a caregiver according to
father Burton he said they found him in
the gutter he was a child with a mental
disability it was just like some
desperate being I I don't know what's
going on around me and we had no idea
that it's because he can't talk what was
to come for the poor boy he went out for
almost four days
at this time you cannot go out because
the Akuma
we are very intensified in our area this
man decided get Moses back on the back
of that truck and these guys were
punching the sides you know with those
boots kicking his side when we first saw
the video
everyone was shocked to see how he was
cha-cha this is a boy he's a little boy
so dish out that type of punishment on
that small boy
it's unforgivable belief that the
Nigerian perpetrators will be directly
targeted by the case has sustained sorry
us through his dealings with the legal
team but now he hears the case is taking
a different path over the last 12 months
we've gone through the videos of Soros
Zamora we've conducted investigations on
the ground in Nigeria in Sierra Leone
witnesses have been spoken to her
statements have been taken and we're now
in a position to put forward the nine
claims I tried last year to file a case
in Nigeria and they wrote back and said
no they only had jurisdiction on the
territory of Nigeria so we were
confronted with a problem how to obtain
redress we decided the first cause of
action that was compelling was the one
that saw the Sierra Leone government to
do what a state should do which is to
protect the fundamental constitutional
rights of its citizens and as one of the
relief sought in that claim is for the
state to start a proper accountability
process because the state is in charge
of law enforcement they have
international standing to make requests
to other estates and so they are in a
privileged position this is gonna be
difficult for all of us I didn't sign up
I've gotta be honest to sue the SATA and
government initially what I agreed to
work on is to bring up this case against
the Nigerians and magenta tomato I don't
think it is a Saturday government we
should run for we will have to go for
the Nigerian government and the soldiers
it is our hope that in any this process
that there be criminal investigations
and criminal cases further down the line
in relation to the perpetrators that
appear on the videos that have been
named in the statements but the
important thing really is after all
these years to start with a claim before
a court
in a case that we say well Thunder -
maybe technically the lawyers see that
this is the best way to harvest people
but for me I don't think it's right to
sue the southern government or I
personally don't believe that I will
give evidence against certain government
Nigerian government's nygean so just yes
anytime as lawyers are fundamental and
my fundamental responsibility is to
provide objective legal advice to the
clients and it is to try to obtain
redress for those clients according to
the Lord's and will use every legal
option in our arsenal to put forward the
best case for those and victims that we
represent this is this is very very
uncomfortable this is very difficult a
position that I wasn't thinking I was
gonna be in tomorrow we are going to be
filing the cases for you before the
Supreme Court and we are asking the
Supreme Court to give you redress in the
last 19 years you have been forgotten
you are an example of what happened to
many many many people unfortunately we
can't promise you will win this case but
we're trying our best we've spoken to
you we've investigated we have done a
lot of work we pray that the law can
protect and address what happened but
it's a really worthwhile case so I'm
really honored to be representing each
and every one of you
the legal case is now with the Supreme
Court of Sierra Leone and the lawyers
await its response the government of
Sierra Leone must decide if it's going
to fight the case or respond to demands
that it take on responsibility for
establishing a process of accountability
for crimes committed by Nigerian
peacekeepers almost two decades ago we
asked the Nigerian Army to respond to
the issues raised by this film we have
not yet had a reply
