the aftermath of last week's attack
against shade bolts on arrow during a
campaign rally has become the latest
source of controversy surrounding the
Brazilian presidential candidate two new
polls show his approval ratings rose
from 22 to between 24 and 26 percent not
as much as some had predicted I think
you political violence is always
terrible but in this case it was a crazy
man without a political agenda or an
organization and I think they vote in
Brazil it's very consolidated what the
barrage of photos and videos of Paulson
ro in intensive care
released by his campaign and family
members has sparked an outcry even some
allies say using them for electoral gain
is in poor taste and manipulative while
he awaits a second abdominal operation
one piece of good news for the ailing
candidate was Tuesday's announcement
that imprisoned former president Lula da
Silva was withdrawing his candidacy with
Brazil's most popular politician now
officially out of the race whole
scenario is well in the lead but now his
main enemy may not be a rival candidate
but rather the exploding anti ball
senado campaign on social media leading
the charge are women also Nardo's
controversial comments against gays
blacks and women are galvanizing
opposition to his presidential bid and
Curitiba solo is one of those who helped
gather more than a million supporters in
less than two weeks a man who says that
engendering a girl rather than a boy is
a failure
what does that say about his opinion of
women a man who says in front of cameras
I won't rape you because you don't
deserve it
does anyone deserve to be raped women
make up 53% of the Brazilian electorate
and could decide the election also Niro
has attempted to tone down some of his
most politically explosive opinions but
with more surgery limiting his chances
of returning to the camp
pain trail before October 7th selection
it may be too late to undo the damage
you see in human al Jazeera good ET la
Brazil
