I am for me okay today a check-in on
three stories that we are following very
closely here on the stream a recent
report by Human Rights Watch finds
horrific abuse of Muslims in China and
then Huracan province is moving
menacingly towards the east coast of the
United States
Emily could be loud I'll be looking for
your comments on Twitter and of course
in our YouTube chat first though a story
unfolding right here in Washington DC
Trump administration will not keep the
office open when the Palestinians
refused to take steps to start direct
and meaningful negotiations with Israel
the United States supports a direct and
robust peace process and we will not
allow the ICC or any other organization
to constrain Israel's right to
self-defense on Monday the government of
u.s. President Donald Trump announced
the closure of the Palestinian
Liberation Organization or the PLO
mission in Washington DC the decision is
the latest in a whole series of steps
taken by Trump against Palestinian
leadership late last year the u.s.
recognized Jerusalem as the capital of
Israel and earlier this month in
announced it would stop funding Umrah
the UN agency for Palestinian refugees
that provides aid to more than five
million people a Palestinian Authority
spokesman described this latest move I'm
going to quote him here as a declaration
of war
end of quote on the peace process well
to discuss all this and more from
Fairfax Virginia
Noura Erakat the human rights lawyer and
assistant professor and George Mason
University welcome to the stream noura
now in that clip of john bolton we heard
his mention of the icc you explained the
connection for our audience
absolutely the icc is the international
criminal court in the US has been wary
of any kind of international criminal
jurisdiction over its military forces in
the world since the icc came into
existence in 2002 and in fact the
Clinton administration was opposed to it
and the Bush administration entered into
memorandums of understanding with
multiple states in order to ensure that
none of its servicemembers would ever be
prosecuted abroad or by the ICC so there
is long-standing
hostility towards this international
mechanism now fast-forward and the
Palestinians have filed a claim against
Israel in the International Criminal
Court both for its settlement project in
the West Bank as well as its warfare on
the Gaza Strip three large skills
offensives between 2008 and 2014 the US
and Israel tried to blackmail the
Palestinian Authority and tell them
rescind your complaint or will withdraw
all money from you the Palestinians
refused and now we see in John Bolton's
announcement not only it's targeting the
PLO but taking a direct target at the
ICC in order to protect itself and
Israel setting basically setting itself
up not just as the Trump administration
versus the Palestinians but literally
the Trump administration versus the
entire world the rule of law the
international criminal legal system as
we know it no I'm just wondering if this
closing of the office in Washington DC
it's a metaphor for the relationship
between the PLO and the Trump
administration right now not even a deep
metaphor not quite it's actually lacks
any kind of subtlety we should
understand this on two levels what we're
seeing is the shuttering of the doors of
a diplomatic process that from the
beginning has been a farcical peace
process the the Oslo Accords better
known as the Declaration of Principles
that are signed in 1993 had a built-in
flaw from the beginning in that they
never guaranteed Palestinian sovereignty
or a state but instead created the the
facts on the ground that we know today
which is the permanence of the
settlement project which is the
permanence of the occupation and
Palestinian participation in that has
made it possible and and given it more
life so the shuttering of the PLO
offices is a closure and you know
obvious to the rest of the world that
this fake process is now no longer you
know nobody nobody is getting dressed to
participate in this political theater
anymore but the other part that we
should be paying attention to is that
what this represents is that the US has
never been an honest broker in the
negotiations and that
the u.s. is not just complicit but it's
a third party in this conflict and
should move the international community
never never never for the heart of
that's never ever never ever ever ever
and I'm a lawyer and I'm a lawyer and I
take my words seriously so why how can I
say that with so much confidence if you
go back since the 1967 war in the
context of the Cold War the u.s. decided
in that moment that Israel would be its
most unique and beneficial ally to
achieve its objectives throughout the
Middle East and has since then provided
it with qualitative military edge to be
able to defeat singularly or
collectively all of its all of the
Middle Eastern States in any kind of
military battle that's won and the
second it is protected Israel from any
kind of international legal
accountability now fast-forward to the
present in the peace process itself
the US has made clear and Aaron David
Miller who was part of the negotiations
and an envoy for the US in this process
has said explicitly but the US has not
been a broker it has been a lawyer for
Israel now bring us to the present all
the Trump administration is doing is
removing the veneer removing any kind of
of sense that the US is an honest broker
and being really honest about the fact
that it is there to ensure Israel's
interests and to ensure that the
international community and
international law is not part of
resolving this conflict on those terms
nuta I'm glad you brought it to the
present because we got this comment here
on youtube from someone watching live
this is Jessica who says this is no way
towards peace that's for sure someone
else on Twitter echoing that sentiment
Narain says this would be another major
mistake from the Trump administration
apart from relocating the US Embassy to
Jerusalem it's a wrong decision for
political security and peace reasons so
updating us to today and what this
actually means for Palestinians on the
ground
what's your answer there Palestinians
have been enduring structural violence
in the form of an apartheid regime as
well as settler colonial removal on a
daily basis with or without the peace
process that is
basically put in place in order to
alleviate the conscience of the
International to community and to
believe that this is really just the
conflict between the Palestinians and
Israel when in fact this is a
geopolitical conflict where the US and
Israel are together reshaping the facts
on the ground in order to create a new
status quo where Palestinians live under
subjugation permanently we should not
make the mistake of pointing to the
Trump administration as being the final
death knell the US administration has
played this role for over 50 years and
we should hold the Obama administration
Bush administration the Clinton
administration the first Bush
administration and so on and so forth
accountable for these present day
circumstances this should compel us to
not just oppose what the US is doing to
not just of impose sanctions upon Israel
for practicing apartheid but to
internationalize the question of
Palestine once and for all and to take
it out of the back waters of bilateral
negotiations where it facilitates where
it facilitates the entrenchment of the
status quo and making the subjugation of
Palestinians a permanent condition Nora
we are going to leave it on that
excellent point
of course this story is far from over so
we look forward to having you back on
the show from here a report from Human
Rights Watch about the treatment of
Turkic Muslims in China has found
evidence of large-scale repression and
surveillance as part of a mass crackdown
Nadia from our community is in Malaysia
but wanted us to cover the issue out of
China China is currently committing a
human rights violation towards a la
minority by stripping away their freedom
and sending them to reallocation Cannes
the persecution of the evil minority has
been going on for far too long yeah it
is unheard of do to state-led media
censorship if the world is an act soon
we send the risk of having another
crisis similar to our India crisis yet
at a much larger endanger skill due to
China's population and particle
influence in the region the Human Rights
Watch report entitled eradicating
ideological viruses China's campaign of
repression against Qin Jiang's Muslims
presents new evidence of the Chinese
government's mass arbitrary detention
torture and increasingly pervasive
controls on the daily life
more than 13 million Turkic Muslims an
estimated 1 million people are being
held in prison camps with no access to
legal counsel or due process here's one
former detainees story enjoy it you know
this moment I know someone came and went
all Twix my table routine just for long
Jeremy who's a nun communicatin and so
on Munich is a Muslim in German society
deep in the moon just alone it's also
from Washington DC Sophie Richardson is
the China director at Human Rights Watch
and in London Ryan Farm is a historian
of Islam in China and India Ryan and
Sophie thank you for joining us there's
a tweet that I shared out a few hours
ago to tell our audience that you are
going to be on the show let me share it
with you here hard to believe this but
it's true
China installing QR codes on Wiegand
Muslim homes as part of mass security
crackdown and then you see what I mean
by this
Ryan can you explain how this works and
why would China want to do this to
members of their own communities well
the Chinese state is concerned about
resistance from Leaguers remotely
peaceful resistance and they're
convinced that that the reason that
leaders are unhappy with Chinese rules
because they have the wrong ideas and so
they're engaged in a project policing
weaker thoughts and of trying to
transform leaders into a more more of a
Chinese type of culture so this requires
invading the privacy of people's homes
it requires keeping track of where
people live and what they're up to and
so this this QR code at the door is just
one of one of a myriad of features to
help the tiny police keep track of every
individual who's a member of a minority
ethnic group and John Sophie I want to
share this sweet
we got from is she's Nadia ezrin and
she's a person of course that pitch to
this segment of the show she says I
think the main issue for me is how the
issue is being censored in the Republic
that People's Republic of China having
lived there this issue was not even
spoken in public initially I assume that
was due to fear of persecution but
eventually I realized it's due to them
being unaware of it even happening so
Sophie of course this report will mean
that people are more aware what do you
think is the biggest finding from this
report well there are a couple of
different issues not least you know new
evidence of horrific abuses the fact
that repression outside the camps is
almost as bad as repression inside the
camps and that there are international
consequences for people who have family
members outside China or people in
diaspora who are being terrorized by
Chinese officials - largely to try to
get them to come back but to speak - to
you know the other person's point a
moment ago if people across China are
allowed to know what the government
wants them to know and you know to the
extent that they're given any
information about young at all it tends
to be Islamic phobic it tends to paint
that community in very tokenistic terms
and so you know there's there's not much
readily available information and well
I'd like to think that our and other
people's reports could contribute to
changing that state censorship in China
is pervasive and so it's very difficult
people to get at reports like ours or a
program like this one Ryan going back to
your Twitter feed here new evidence
shows that China's re-education camps of
weekers are expanding even now what is
that new evidence to us a little bit
about that well that week in regard to
evidence harvested from the Chinese
government requests for construction
companies to submit bids to build these
camps and those those requests include
plans for camps that that that would be
not coming online until later this fall
or maybe earlier early
which suggests that that even as we
speak right now new facilities are being
built in turn based on their Sophie what
do you know about what gets people into
the camps what do they have to have done
to be taken away well it's as little as
having participated in a religious
ceremony its resisting participating in
the weekly singing of patriotic songs or
flag raisings it's as little as having
family members who live in countries
like Turkey or Malaysia or Indonesia you
know it's very important to understand
that there's nothing in Chinese law that
allows for the establishment of these
facilities or the detention of people in
them essentially you know leaders
identity and there are their thoughts as
Ryan suggested earlier have become the
basis of our Vittorio for arbitrary
detention it's interesting you mentioned
having family members abroad can be a
reason and not this is wheter bulletin
who sent us a series of tweets you can
see on our Twitter feed they write in
and one it's already a well-known fact
that the flow of information from East
Turkestan Xinjiang to the outside world
is strictly controlled by China State
surveillance and censorship apparatus
with the help of advanced AI technology
this effectively has prevented the news
about the vast network of internment
camps to reach the global audience
through the internet and besides the
information blockage by the government
self censorship on social media has
become a widespread norm in the weaker
community I'm wondering Sophie how long
do you know that this has been going on
I've been working on these kinds of
issues for 20 years and throughout that
entire time I have had we're friends and
colleagues say that they are deeply
frightened about phone calls about
technological communications being
surveilled being monitored you know
lower tech versions having people in the
community who are essentially on the
Chinese government's payroll who are
surveilling others but I think it's very
clear that that fear
has deepened considerably in the last
two years as people tried desperately to
find out what's happening with their
family members inside the country but
are also on the receiving end of phone
calls from Chinese officials in their
hometowns calling them and saying you
need to come back now
you know we're concerned about what
we're doing overseas and if you don't
come back your family is going to pay
the price right I'm just thinking this
report is out there there's new evidence
it's very clear that the we Gers are
living and we've known this for some
while but we've got details there
they're living in it's like almost a
gorge a Willian kind of reality for them
what happens next what would happen to
the international community if they said
to China okay all you need to stop this
well we're already starting to see some
pushback from the United States and it's
quite possible that with the US Congress
people speaking out and perhaps the
executive branch speaking out which is
under consideration at the moment we'll
start to see more countries speaking of
certainly there has been a lot of a lot
of complaints that perhaps some some
governments are staying silent because
of their fear of economic resolution
from from China but it seems to me that
as awareness grows that it's going to be
hard for governments to convince their
own populations that they have a good
reason to stay silent on this kind of
situation because orwellian the word you
used is really really appropriate for
them there there is no private space
left left for weekers and one of the
remarkable things that came out in this
Human Rights Watch report was a report
of someone who had a camera installed
inside of her of her own home we also
know about officials living in the homes
right of leakers which are also detailed
and Ryan I think I think exactly what
you are detailing here is what our
community is picking up on our Maher
says not a lot shocks me but this
reports about the Chinese government
putting QR codes on wieder Muslim homes
certainly has
want to think Sophie and Ryan for being
part of this conversation today and as
always we'll be following the weaker
story Tommy thanks Malika this is what
high conference looks like on windy calm
let me give you a little bit more detail
here it's a category three hurricane
which means that the winds around about
125 miles an hour or 200 kilometers an
hour moving slowly towards the eastern
side of the US and when it does it's
expected to dump the catastrophic
amounts of rain how do you prepare for a
hurricane that's this big and this
strong let's see for our community in
North Carolina have some very good ideas
my organizing efforts for hurricane
Florence are focused on direct giving
for three reasons one we know that
government and not-for-profit lead
recovery efforts often leave black brown
and poor people out to direct giving
insurance that a hundred percent of what
is donated goes directly to those in
need
and three this also allows resources to
reach those in need quickly and
immediately when they need it the most
at Valley is meteorologist and owner of
Valley weather consulting and has had to
evacuate from his home state of North
Carolina but still made time to join us
here on the strain thank you for that
Edie I want to start with this tweet
because we're hearing from people
directly affected or who will be dr.
Sarah says I have stocked up on
groceries I will get gas on my way home
we'll move anything inside that can blow
away I'm inland enough to be more
worried about localized flooding and
falling limbs and until those things
happen good books and Netflix so for
people who are perhaps more directly in
the line or the path of this hurricane
what's your advice to them what are you
telling people yeah absolutely I think
you know at this point it's Wednesday
afternoon this storm is coming late
Thursday and through the weekend and at
this point if you're in the path of this
storm you need to have finalized most of
your preparations at this point whether
that's finding higher ground if you're
near the coast stocking up on on
supplies non-perishable food items
gasoline all those necessities that you
would
in order to survive a powder power
outage that could last as much as two
weeks in some locations so certainly we
need to be finalizing those preparations
now as Florence makes its run at us here
over the next two days I love some of
your top tips ad from your Twitter feed
because when people are evacuating it's
not just you just drive out and head
north or away from the storm because
thousands of other people are also doing
the same thing have a look at what ed
was recommending using the app Gas Buddy
app so that you can work out how do you
not run out of gas other practical tips
will be what ed you know I think at this
point again where we're towards the end
of the preparation cycle are you saying
it's too late if you haven't done it
you're in trouble I you know we're
starting to see gasoline shortages in
portions of the Carolinas anywhere from
about 10 per 10 to 15 percent of
gasoline is already out in some of these
locations so you know we you again you
need to be finalizing these preparations
now because you know it's gonna be too
late as this storm is bearing down on us
as we speak people are already talking
about inches and how much rainfall there
might be but it's really hard if you're
not a weather person to understand what
that means
what might happen to North Carolina and
South Carolina in the next three days so
a really good comparison here we had
hurricane Matthew that impacted a lot of
this same area including my hometown
here of Fayetteville in 2016 and that
dropped anywhere from 10 to 20 inches of
rain over a few days span and we saw
rivers rapidly rise we saw a lot of
homes washed away just because of the
power of water so you know we're getting
to the situation now where this rain is
is going to cause issues and you know
that's going to lead to flooding not
only right along the coastline but well
inland wherever this storm goes and
right now we're thinking it's going to
hit southern South North Carolina and
then turn westward into South Carolina
as we move through the weekend and that
slope forward motion is going to lead to
a lot of rainfall like you mentioned
anywhere from 10 - in some cases 30
inches of rain and that's going to leave
to devastating flooding and again this
is why we preach the preparation for
this storm because in some cases if your
your place gets flooded you could be
weeks without power and without any
access to you know any sort of real food
you know you need to have those backup
supplies just in case and it's not only
just the preparation for the public but
it's also portions of the AG community
the agriculture community in the
Carolinas that there's a lot of low
income areas in these areas and you know
that's gonna lead to a lot of heartache
if the preparations aren't taken
seriously I'm glad you mentioned
preparations there and of course the
president has been talking in recent
days he says that the East Coast is very
prepared he also mentioned of course
last year's hurricane Maria and said
that it was an unsung success what his
administration's response was Anjali
says my traumatized relatives and heart
broke and dad would disagree that the
response to Hurricane Maria was an
unsung success she goes on to say I have
a sibling now in Jacksonville North
Carolina who may be leaving the state
soon and the fact that she's by the
water when a category four is coming is
scary to think about how prepared are
these not just the people but the
communities the authorities and the
states right and the one thing that's a
positive in this situation is the
Carolinas are used to dealing with these
types of storms it's been a while
the last major hurricane to impact this
area was actually Hurricane Floyd in
1999 so it's been almost 20 years but a
lot of these people have have either
dealt with a tropical storm or a weaker
hurricane and are fairly familiar with
how to prepare for these systems but
that doesn't change the fact that even
if you're well inland you can be dealing
with like Jacksonville for example you
can be dealing with hurricane-force
gusts and in plenty of heavy rain we've
got 30 seconds left there's enough time
for me just to run this there's this
track right now it doesn't mean it's
exactly going to go in this direction
but just over the next couple of days by
Thursday look at the bottom here through
to Friday this is where hurricane
Florence is likely to land and then he
just sits
sits and rains so it's expecting to see
a lot of rain there as well
Edie thank you so much for joining us
and a reminder to our community if you
have a story you'd like to see on the
stream pitch us at AJ stream we'll see
you next time
you
