he left his country to receive treatment
in the u.s. after being arrested by the
Ugandan army and charged with treason
but once Dux has tended to him the
musician turned opposition MP Robert
Chagall any famously better known as
Bobby wine had a message for the US
government in an exclusive interview
with Al Jazeera he urged Congress to
stop the 800 million dollar support for
the Ugandan military which he accuses of
torturing him during his recent
detention it's important
like I've said especially to the United
States taxpayer to know that much of the
military aid we get is actually used to
oppress and brutalize the citizens of
Uganda I will note that the gun that
killed my driver that could have
probably killed me is an American gun
Bobby wine is a vocal opponent of
longtime president you arey Museveni he
was arrested in late August while
campaigning in a by-election in the
north of the country he was accused of
throwing rocks at the president's convoy
as it drove by then on the same day
gunmen attacks his car killing his
driver but Bobby wine was not in the
vehicle he says it was an assassination
attempt his arrest and alleged torture
led to police and military deployment
across the country people protested not
just his arrest but the recent changes
to the Ugandan Constitution which lifted
the presidential age limit of 75 years
making it's possible for 73 year-old
Mussolini to run again in 2021
he has been repeatedly accused by
critics and rights groups of using
security forces to silence those who
oppose him the president blames what he
calls external powers for the recent
instability in his country and warns
others from interfering and Uganda's
affairs it is important that external
players refrain from interfering in the
internal affairs of other countries
interfering in the internal affairs of
other countries is morally and
practically wrong morally wrong
because the question is what's pretty
intelligence did you have to think that
you can understand the program in my
house better than we do which ones if it
is a problem in our house with the
occupants would sort of it seep out with
external players are involved or not
Bobby wine has become the face of
Uganda's opposition and President
Museveni
who has ruled for 32 years appears just
as firm in his bed to continue his time
in office Heba morgan al jazeera
