come on topper Iraqi a lo mejor para su
hijo I wrote her la la principal
protection pariah
general podium install so he was but the
man would stay he say I was seen as
Stannis towers and even though he
offered me protection from the
protection me I mean this app around me
even a yellow peril on the Ducati
mastery not anemia new second ESA perra
maybe we don't use our locus of gritos
stam being la fuerza propylaea
unheard mi porque and ok da you say yes
how are you out of pork a ghost
acostumbrado par save me
when these parents fled Central America
with their children looking for shelter
in the u.s. they never thought they
could be taken from each other all they
knew is that they wanted to save their
lives
like thousands of other families they
were separated after coming to the US
but that policy was just one part of a
larger story of how the u.s. is closing
its doors to asylum seekers escaping
violence for some it's led to a fate
that they never imagined was possible
losing their children while being sent
back to the very threat they were
fleeing no puede imaginar que la fecha
parece que un sueño una pesadilla de uno
expert Oh
see Athena said that over me
no ill medicine supposed to be hearing
on dudas that wasn't part of the plan to
save his life and his 14 year old
daughter Cheryl is life but more than
that he wasn't supposed to end up back
here without her their lives changed
last year when he started getting death
threats from a gang member
let me see your internal bessie carro y
otra dang motto Tommy McKay see you know
my request openly Markinson
even though well Matt had worked as a
police officer there wasn't much he
could do so he turned to a local
prosecutor for help
Valley under me Utica Lady Murasaki
Merton comunit and Elia Martell aqui
estoy alpaca materially my Union
controlled on protection como que canta
Marty yes ma'am I'm not reopen when the
gag threatened to rape or kill Jerry Lee
he knew they couldn't stay any longer
he knows a queer calamara is your own
laser on dr. dinner kids
on dudas has one of the highest murder
rates in the world
outside of a war zone that coupled with
high rates of impunity a lack of
protection has forced thousands of
people like Elmer to flee to the US
every year for Marmont anomie be moving
on conflict or mal pero tenemos new era
de valència they won't Palestine Guerra
black antonova yeah por que quiera
Estados Unidos cuando serve our la vida
Elmer had heard that the journey to the
u.s. was dangerous path controlled by
cartels who often target migrants but
that still didn't prepare him for what
happens with him in Mexico with drama
Casino pagamo held a thermometer he was
forced to mortgage his home in on dudas
to pay they were released and continued
to the u.s. from terrorism me - Mahalo
you know Maturana is an Italian lira
don't they realize you're a poor
carbonara come
Yesenia cannot wen Tao and for you know
Herman sincerely yellamma true Milwaukee
I can be a la Pacquiao my heart came
over after they were separated
Elmer says no one would give him
information about her or listen to his
police about his asylum claim even
though he brought documentation of the
threats against him as well as a copy of
his record chancellor canal calamari
importancia me pero nadie importance
nine days after he arrived in the u.s.
Elmer was deported back to Honduras when
he got here he found out that his
daughter was still in the u.s. in a
shelter
yo pensaba que lo matter Lomas de valera
Errol say Cueto pero no matter AF y
cuando la rola
when thousands of families like Elmer
and his daughter were fleeing to the US
over the past few months they didn't
know about the Trump administration's
new policy to separate families at the
border the policy was in the works for
over a year but was fully implemented in
May I have put in place a zero tolerance
policy for your legal entry on our
southwest border if you cross the border
unlawfully then we will prosecute you if
you are smuggling a child then we will
prosecute you and that child may be
separated from you as required by law
it was a policy that was meant to
complete the government's goals of full
prosecution for what is ultimately a
misdemeanor of the way a person entered
or at least that's what they want to say
that it is the administration has said
the policy was intended to deter people
from coming to the u.s. and although the
government stopped separating families
after widespread outcry it resulted in
nearly 3,000 children being taken from
their parents with no plan to reunite
them officials have claimed they're only
targeting people who cross the border
illegally if you're seeking asylum go to
a port of entry you do not need to break
the law of the United States to seek
asylum but it's not that simple
ports of entry include the bridges that
connect the u.s. and Mexico a person has
the right to seek asylum once they're in
the u.s. even people who cross illegally
but first they have to make it in
the Trump administration has been
stationed in border agents in the middle
of international bridges turning asylum
seekers away often telling them there's
no space we can't understand how
suddenly the excuse is that there is no
room numbers are nowhere near they were
ten years ago
of people presenting a ports of entry
and people asking for asylum turning
asylum seekers away on US soil
goes against our own laws and it goes
against international laws lawyers have
sued the Trump administration for
turning away asylum seekers but until a
judge rules it continues we heard that
this was happening on the bridge that
connects zurich juarez mexico with el
paso texas and as we were driving into
the u.s. we saw two people being stopped
by american border agents on the bridge
they were turned away they told us
they'd come from guatemala
and that unions
Kaena point generic contact a Pakistani
cabana what am I
Geronimo and Patrona who are siblings
told us they've been targeted by a gang
and fled and wanted to find our mother
who lives in the US but they didn't seem
to know what was waiting for them yeah
we wanna said
yes
she's from something today by Fronteras
yes
it's just a summer house me
good
minaton are whittany dos uno reassess el
tamaño parcels right now they don't have
many options they can wait here in
Juarez one of Mexico's most violent
cities or try to cross illegally but
that now leads to criminal prosecution
hit only one patron I tried again but
this time we were there filming
they were stopped by Border Patrol
agents again and we're told to wait
and then despite being told it was
fooled just a half hour earlier they
were allowed into the US we found out
later that they were separated Geronimo
who's 18 was sent to an adult detention
center I'm Patrona who is 16 to a
children's shelter many people who are
arriving they don't even know what
asylum is they know that they left
because they needed to save their lives
those seeking asylum in the US are
interviewed by the government to see if
they qualify it's called a credible fear
interview the outcome determines whether
or not they can stay but the
administration is seeking to make that
harder by changing the criteria for
asylum in a way that seems targeted at
Central Americans we have our Attorney
General now say that we are no longer
protecting victims of domestic violence
or victims of gangs coming from Central
America and so suddenly with that change
it truly puts a wrench in who we can
protect under our Asylum laws asylum is
a complicated process and many people
have to navigate it without a lawyer
maybe you don't speak English maybe you
don't read English maybe you're not
familiar with the many years of asylum
law all of a sudden you have to
articulate a legal claim I mean that's a
significant piece
philia Calderon was part of one of the
many teams of pro bono lawyers that were
organized to meet with separated parents
at detention centers those parents had
to go through the asylum process not
knowing where their children where I
interview people all day long and people
tell me terrible things they tell me
that they've been burned and cut that
their children have been harassed just
really awful things and yet in this case
these 50 people that I interviewed every
single one of them was not about that it
was all about where's my child when am I
going to see my child is my child
deported how do I know if my child is
okay I think my child is injured it was
awful
one of a filius clients was Betty who
fled on doulas with her five-year-old
daughter Vanessa trying to escape
violent threats against her they were
separated for over a month when we met
her but it was still recovering from
that experience nunca where we are su
cara siempre Venezuela jhol anemia
domestic I ate a formula one seemed in
your case auntie que vamos ahora la
camisa cara de mal da da la puente
serious Tony nominee esta muerto
de roar record eponymous a para mi amor
we're accordion twisted redeem booster
Borla cannot escape our Allender me at
first
Betty didn't know where her daughter had
been taken and then she began her asylum
process what was it like to go through
the process of seeking asylum knowing
that you didn't have your child with you
hey Asami no no Bensimon patency loading
was very roomy what was it like the
first interview you had total intensity
anyone better is Capone okay nice play
thank you really a tango provided no
wardrobe
go get Korea in a sedentary we stick him
in tirana me hijack a man appear SEM una
entrevista para poner en nuestros hijos
pero no in drama rapido siempre Viva
rapido teleport ahmo's after that
interview the asylum officer rejected
her case her only hope then was that an
immigration judge would reverse it but
she wasn't the only separated parent
that received a negative finding when I
get older this young no no no and when
you went to see the judge were you able
to explain what was happening nobody get
away moaning on Prytania applica a solo
Menehune commit a contest on okay with a
pre wounded he asked Betty five
questions that weren't related to her
case when did you come in where where's
your child and then proceeded to affirm
the negative finding of the asylum
officer and that was it and that of
course is at the end of that you have a
final order of removal as part of her
work on Betty's case or philia drafted a
300-page motion documenting evidence of
the threats betty faced back in Honduras
I have made a request for
reconsideration directly to the asylum
office in Houston so at first it was
just a letter like hey this you know I
think this this decision was wrong and
here's the legal reasons why and then I
just started like contacting the asylum
office like daily right and then
thankfully they did so then they turned
over their own decision they agreed that
the there was a legal basis for the
credible fear finding and they placed
her in proceedings and that that's where
we are now and then of course right
after that is one betty was finally
released with her daughter so you have
to do all that for her to be able to at
least have a case here now I mean it's
it's yes I'm so if you don't if she
doesn't have you like she would be
honest came back probably yes it's hard
to say in this particular set of
circumstances I do think that it's true
that probably her case would just be
dead in the water and she wouldn't be
able to go forward and apply for asylum
if she didn't have counsel because I
don't know how how would they know that
they needed to make a request for
reconsideration right I mean it's it's
without I don't know how they do it
without lawyers for now Betty and her
daughter will be able to stay and wait
to see if she's officially granted
asylum and allowed to remain in the u.s.
she was lucky to have a persistent
lawyer but not every parent had one and
even then it's not always a guarantee
Europeans okay the Academy you're gonna
get with our own daughters okay a lot of
work
no idiot for parents who've already been
sent back without their children the
future is uncertain while we were in on
dudas we tracked down another father who
was separated from his child and then
deported he asked us to hide his
identity because of the threat he's been
facing in on Doris
we'll call him Raoul he told us he
needed to leave here because a drug
trafficker had killed his cousin and
threatened to do the same to him when
Raoul said he wouldn't work for him and
to say Japanese so to Millennials Epirus
elope with the enemy he told us that he
and his four-year-old son crossed at one
of the bridges into Texas to ask for
asylum de la moneda al Ahmar canal re re
mi mi ratio with official appeal of ISA
le dije triangle me so he didn't appear
as he locate a local radio in your
oficial but then his son was taken from
him and Raoul was sent to a detention
center he said immigration agents were
not interested in hearing his asylum
claim instead he was given a document to
sign and soon after he was deported the
scenario for me no me cyrano the eyes
maybe no question okay don't say your
family in Kumasi not ISA don't fear
Marvin
he was given documents to sign
see okay crow Canoga remodel we don't
know what they signed because they
weren't given copies but neither
expected or wanted to be deported we do
know that this form was given to parents
in detention while they were separated
from their children says that the form
must be read to the alien parents in the
language that he/she understands but
it's obviously in English and it gives
the parents two options one of them is
to be deported with their child and the
other one is to be deported without
their child but nowhere here says that
they have the right to seek legal
counsel according to a lawsuit filed by
the American Civil Liberties Union a
number of parents reported being
threatened and coerced into signing this
document a judge then ordered the
government to add a third option
requesting a lawyer as we were filming
we heard about a group of detained
parents that had been given this new
form in late July the forms had three
options which was I want to be reported
with my child I want to be reported
without my child or I want to talk to a
lawyer essentially is what the options
were but according to lawyers who met
with these parents they didn't really
have an option of the boxes had been pre
checked by hand for a option a option
one which was I want to be deported with
my child and the officers told everyone
that they had this
we were the first journalists they spoke
to about what happened the detention
center doesn't allow cameras in so we
arranged phone calls with them through
Annunciation House a local nonprofit
that worked with immigrants one of those
parents was Mario which changed his name
because he's afraid of retaliation by
immigration officials for speaking about
what happened after being separated from
his son for months they were reunited on
a bus I know with other parents and
their children but then he says federal
immigration agents boarded the bus and
asked the parents to get off given a
forum where they're supposed to have an
option but they didn't really have no
they didn't have the option at all I
mean it was pre checked and then they
were also getting yelled at another
father we spoke to recounted the same if
he had signed he would have been giving
up his son's chance to fight for asylum
la principal opción para usted kaci Jose
Kirika simplemente por su seborrhea
seven parents refused to sign according
to an Aussie Asian house and were
separated from their children again even
they don't want to sign I want to be
deported without my child but the same
time saying I want to be deported with
my child means their child's gonna be
brought back to insecurity and violence
and possible death it's just this
impossible choice that they're trying to
make without attorneys they're trying to
make it while they're in detention while
they're being yelled out by guards
they're given five 10 minutes to fill
out these forms and those seven parents
who refuse to sign we're incredibly
strong because they were getting yelled
at by ice agents and they just seen
their kids for the first time in three
months and they still refuse to sign and
they never even got to say goodbye to
their kids
the parents allegations were filed as
part of the ACLU lawsuit and a few weeks
later one parent was released and
reunited but the rest including the
father's we spoke to remain in detention
the Department of Homeland Security and
the Department of Justice declined
multiple requests for an interview
families now are left to deal with the
consequences the emotional trauma take
part again when you read a rapper saying
it's a he right away so uniform of your
length you know so flip your lens he was
rockin make you okay is okay Paso and
for the separated and deported parents
the loss of hope was just interfere a
phenomena tommy jaronda be a party
prepared for you may walk he son turned
five in mid-august while he was in a
shelter but all hopes that he will be
released soon to a relative in the US
and now that he's been forced to return
here he's on the run from the threats he
wanted to escape
it's a similar fate for Elmer a life
without his child and always looking
over his shoulder when we interviewed
him he told us he was planning on
leaving the next day to move from one
place to another for his safety when
this report went to where his daughter
Jerry Lee was still in a shelter after
almost three months one of over 400
children waiting to be released he wants
her to stay to pursue her own asylum
claim even though it means he doesn't
know when or if he will see her again
Rosaleen apoyo Tammy no pero camino como
Nell era por que se hace falta mija
yo quiero que esta conmigo people
typical tacos al pastor
si
you
you
