female police officers are a relatively
new phenomenon in Afghanistan the police
force was rebuilt sixteen years ago and
there are now 160,000 officers but only
3,000 women I can feel there is danger
for female police officers in
Afghanistan but when I joined the police
I decided on that day country or coffin
which means I accepted the danger I want
to be a role model for our people to
serve them sincerely so the culture
changes and lots of women join the
police finding and retaining women is a
challenge there's a cultural hurdle
convincing parts of society that women
should work it's also dangerous as ISIL
and the Taliban specifically target the
military and police during shift and
after hours
one of the nation's most senior
policewoman Brigadier General Hekmat
Shah he had an idea to improve the
female to male ratio build a town only
for policewoman to protect them and
their families as a gift from the
government my father my economist am a
con I am also a mother and I'm looking
for the safety of these women I know how
difficult it is this place to make a
city for them it's all for their safety
from where I am standing rise the first
of ten five-story buildings to be built
across this site for 300 police woman
and their families around the perimeter
will be a high security wall with six
guards house to protect the people
inside the plans include a daycare
center in school for nearly seven
hundred children along with a medical
clinic and gym for women the total cost
is 120 million dollars canada has put 30
million towards the first phase of
building the issue of security is not a
hypothetical one earlier this year
al-jazeera spoke with the family of Noor
higher and menorah two sisters who are
working as police officers and
Badakhshan province when they were
targeted and killed by the Taliban in
Kabul the security elite are watching
these stories weary they hurt
recruitment even without a brick laid
the site is already littered with towers
and armed guards building confidence
that they can and will protect women as
they push towards the goal of 5000
female officers by 2020
I think it's responsibility and duty for
every Afghan women or men should stand
side-by-side and fight for their country
there are no shortcuts to equality in
this nation moving security and gender
equality in the right direction comes
one shovel at a time
Charlotte Bellis al Jazeera Kabul
