this was the moment on Saturday when
Iran launched an attack against fighters
in the northern Kurdish region of
neighboring Iraq the target was a camp
run by a group calling itself the
Kurdish Democratic Party of Iran several
fighters were killed dozens more injured
this attack in particular was very well
orchestrated very well timed it was an
attack on the Kurdish opposition while
the leadership was a meeting on one hand
it also demonstrates military prowess
the missiles that hit the targets were
very precise they had the very room
where the meeting was taking place and
there was a drone silver surveillance to
take picture of this so this is also
sending a message that this Iran of
today is more powerful than the Iran of
a couple of years ago when they tried to
attack some targets in Syria and the
missiles were subject for ridicule the
group is Iran's oldest Kurdish movement
it's been fighting for more autonomy for
Kurds in Iran the Iranian government
says it carried out the attacks because
of what it calls terrorist teams
attacking Revolutionary Guards in towns
inside Iran's own Kurdish region iran
says leaders of the group had attacked
on Saturday have been ignoring its
warnings to dismantle their camps this
Iranian attack comes just a couple of
days after violence on the streets of
the southern city of Basra during which
the Iranian consulate was one of several
buildings that were attacked and burned
now there's no evidence to suggest that
that incident is in any way connected
with this latest attack but Iraqis are
speculating here that this is a Ron's
way of showing it can strike back and
strike back
powerfully Iran's missile attack has
been condemned by Massoud Barzani the
former Kurdish president he says he's
urging all sides not to use the Kurdish
region to settle their confrontations
Iraq's foreign ministry has also
criticized what it's calling a violation
of Iraq's sovereignty but it didn't
mention Iran by name in its statement
is a sensitive time in Iraq with
protests over corruption and lack of
jobs on the streets as well as anger in
a stalled Parliament and Iran has a lot
of influence here Rob Mathison
al Jazeera Baghdad
