death comes from the sky here it's a
second day of an escalated air campaign
targeting the southern part of Syria's
adlib province and northern Hamas on
people are fleeing their homes to this
so far safer north we came from the
south of Italy
we're leaving because of the bombing the
jets and the artillery they're hitting
us with all kinds of weapons we're
heading to the north now we expect
everything at this stage unfortunately
there is no other place for us to go to
because it will get worse so we are
heading to the Turkish border at the
moment there aren't large amounts of
people fleeing the bombardment and
that's because the area is targeted or
in the countryside and they are less
populated now Turkey fears if the
military offensive moves closer towards
the cities that huge numbers could flee
towards its closed borders and that's a
situation it's working hard to avoid
Turkey's interior minister visited the
border with Syria on Sunday and warned
against a possible new wave of refugees
Oregon watch the edge of the wave of
migration that will start there will not
be our responsibility alone
Turkey's been increasing its military
presence along its border has also sent
reinforcements into it Lib the Turkish
government is the opposition's guarantor
in the Astana process and has 12
observer posts inside the province if
there is an all-out conflict the
presence of its soldiers could
complicate matters
there are around three and a half
million people in it Lib the province
has come to represent the symbolic lost
and of the Opposition inside Syria
around a million of those who live here
now have already been displaced several
times during this seven and a half year
war and Damascus backed by Russia and
Iran has made it clear that it Lib will
not remain in opposition hands Stephanie
Decker al Jazeera antakya
