it had all the usual pomp of previous
military displays but lacking much of
the hardware especially the missiles
compare this with this with a military
parade in April last year commemorating
the birth date of North Korea's founder
Kim il-sung bristling with the medium
and long-range missiles
it was provocatively testing on a
regular basis even at the start of the
Thor in relations earlier this year
North Korea was showing off the
intercontinental ballistic missiles that
had taken it to what appeared to be the
brink of conflict with the US now you
see them now you don't this parade had
far more emphasis on the development of
the economy in line with leader Kim Jong
Un's promise to improve his people's
living standards after years of hardship
the large contingent of journalists
allowed into North Korea for this event
has been shown apparent signs of success
even if they are carefully stage-managed
because this is the 70th anniversary of
our country the workers in our factory
here are all coming together to do their
best to produce more and to make the
factory a success but if Kim is going to
achieve real economic development he
needs sanctions on his country to be
lifted and the u.s. insists for that to
happen he has to give up his nuclear
arsenal not simply keep it hidden from
view with negotiations seemingly
deadlocked Kim jong-un is not doing
anything to further antagonize the u.s.
seen here with VIP guests Li Jian Xiu
from China's ruling Politburo rather he
is using the event to build on his
developing links with the international
community trying to emerge from the
isolation of the past Rob McBride al
Jazeera Seoul
