I don't think the supply management
system should be even involved in the
NAFTA it wasn't involved 20 years ago
and it shouldn't be involved now with a
herd of 65 purebred dairy cows Rowland
Eggar and his family work hard on their
farm near Toronto the milk quota they
have with the government guarantees a
fair price if they meet quality and
other standards
he says abolishing that system as the US
wants would be unfair for Canadian
farmers consumers and taxpayers a lot of
people don't understand Canadian dairy
farmers Canadian supply man as farmers
are not subsidized but anyway the
American dairy farmers are quite heavily
subsidized you always read in the press
how they can't survive how the mark
that's the milk price is so cheap
Canada's dairy farmers say there's an
industry that produces quality products
for a local market and they're tired of
trade negotiations using them as a
bargaining chip for now Canada's NAFTA
negotiators are defending the Canadian
dairy system against US demands for open
borders but as these long-running talks
enter a feverish final phase the
pressure is growing on Canada to either
join an agreement already made with
Mexico or be left out entirely they want
to get access for Wisconsin farmers into
the Canadian dairy market so it seems
Donald Trump his brinksmanship is
actually quite good he's put Canada in
quite a vulnerable situation we're in a
rout and to the extent they focus in on
dairy Canada's gonna have to give
something quite simply Canada needs
access to US markets for most of its
exports even though the government
signed free trade deals with other
countries and the European Union more
than a billion and a half dollars worth
of trade flows across the border every
day and restricting that could be
disastrous truly we are the envy of the
world sitting right next door to the
United States and we have to find a way
to make this relationship work it will
not be our best idea of an agreement but
this is one of those things sometimes
you do if I sort of try to win the fight
today to live to fight another day a new
North American trade agreement
will mean compromised by both the US and
Canada
Canadian dairy farmers are hoping that
their livelihoods won't suffer as
negotiators rush to meet a fast
approaching deadline daniel lac al
jazeera Halton Ontario
