like my sleep by the right Burt Reynolds
played a hero a scam a lover and he was
above all a genuine Hollywood star no
because dinner in one of his most
harrowing roles Reynolds played the city
slicker who outwitted and outfought a
gang of savage backwoods killers and
rapists deliverance directed by John
Boorman is ranked number 15 in the
American Film Institute's list of 100
best movies of all times
that was strange because John I had seen
me you know I said what did you see me
in I mean was it Navajo Joe or I named
off this reel of dreadful films I've
made and he said no I I saw you on The
Tonight Show and you were in control of
four people and this guy has to be in
control Reynolds was the number one box
office attraction for a five-year
stretch in the 1970s he played a good
old boy bootlegger outfoxing Jackie
Gleason southern sheriff in the
crowd-pleasing features Smokey and the
Bandit a high grossing movie that
spawned two sequels and countless films
that basically consist of extended car
chase sequences an embarrassed
Reynolds's acting abilities were often
panned by critics but his portrayal of a
sleazy adult film maker in Boogie Nights
earned him a Golden Globe and an Oscar
nominees little career high was that I
got nominated for that film and the
career low was when I couldn't get shot
and that was a doc doctor long before
that I was having a rough time and then
this picture came along and it changed
everything
off screen Reynolds was a ladies man he
dated innumerable actresses and
performers including
sure Lorna Luft and Tammy Wynette
actress Sally Field and Reynolds had a
torrid affair was love at first sight I
mean as soon as we got in the car I
thought this this little girl is for me
and I'm we had a great time together
in 1972 Reynolds memorably posed nude in
cosmopolitan a popular women's magazine
the men didn't do it I mean the women
did playboy and all those things and it
really hurt them a lot of ruins our
career and none of them I had a big film
career after that trying to do is to
keep going Burt Reynolds once said that
rather than have a serious film career
playing memorable roles he chose just to
have the most fun in life that he could
he achieved both
