a court has sentenced two journalists
from the minority
hello I'm Barbara Sarah and you're the
listening post here are some of the
stories were covering this week the
sentencing of to voters journalists in
Myanmar and the failed promise of media
reform there there's a voice from inside
the house the White House and it's
speaking through the pages of the New
York Times the magic and mystery of the
British royal family and the role of the
media in spinning the fairy tale Plus
Putin the Renaissance man or at least
that's our Russian state TV sees him
police in Myanmar admitted there had
been a set up the Burmese military said
the massacre that was reported did
indeed happen and yet after eight months
in prison two Reuters journalists while
lone and Cha so who have been sentenced
by a Burmese judge to seven years in
jail
their crime obtaining secret state
documents as they researched the killing
and mass burial of ten reh√©n German in
2017 the story of the ethnic violence
against minority range of Muslims in
Myanmar has been in the headlines for
over a year now international media have
had access into the country severely
restricted and much of the local media
have taken the government and military
side over the treatment of the revenger
amid stories of military orchestrated
violence recently confirmed in a United
Nations report the trial and sentencing
of the Reuters reporters captured
attention inside and outside Myanmar the
listening posts Meenakshi Ravi now on
the case of Willona and cha saw ooh and
the very high price journalists in
Myanmar pay if they report unfavorably
on the military
outside a courtroom in Yangon Myanmar on
the morning of the 3rd of September
journalists awaited news on the
sentencing of two Burmese reporters
Walloon and Chou so
the verdict came down seven years
imprisonment and just as they had done
so many times in the eight months before
this the two men came out declared their
innocence
and were hauled into a police van to be
driven away to jail notices aysia editor
kevin kaliki was inside the courtroom
when the judge issued the sentence
against his colleagues we had been
prepared intellectually prepared we knew
it was possible that the judge would
rule as he did but nothing can prepare
you for confronting injustice as it
happens the very hard heartbreaking for
the families of wound and Chester who
they both have young families we've been
following this case from the beginning
we already know that there will be hard
standards it is actually what I did I
mean it is it is not very good
particularly in this moment but I think
it is not surprised us because we've
been through this situation for long
Warren and Jocelyn were arrested in
December last year a Burroughs policeman
admitted in court that the men had been
entrapped they had been researching the
story about the mass killing and burial
of ten revenge' men in Myanmar's
northern rakhine state the police
offered them key secret state documents
that would corroborate their findings
the documents were in fact not secret
the situation was a setup
and the reporters were arrested and
charged under the Official Secrets Act a
law that has been on the books since
1923 when Myanmar was called Burma and
was a colony of Great Britain these two
Reuters journalists were one of the few
journalists in Burma that were actually
doing investigative work into the
situation in Rakhine State they were in
Benton stand a colonial-era law the
Official Secrets Act but other
oppressive laws are extensively used as
well the unlawful associations act the
peaceful assembly act the penal codes as
a whole raft of repressive laws these
two journalists risk their freedom and
their life to expose a genocide they
expose the highest crimes that was crime
committed by the Burmese military and
this is the biggest threat for them for
the military so they will never tolerate
this
Myanmar's government has a unique
structure unlike any government anywhere
else in 2016 on sam tsui chief the
political activist who had been kept
under house arrest for 15 years during
the military dictatorship took up the
post of state councilor akin to a prime
ministership it was a momentous event an
historic day for the Burmese people
around the world
Myanmar's transition from a military to
civilian government was heralded as the
start of an era of democracy for the
country the reality was never quite so
simple
25% of parliamentary seats are reserved
for the Burmese military and as mandated
by the Constitution three key ministries
Home Affairs defense and border affairs
are headed by serving members of the
military France and Suchi and her NLD
party being in government has
effectively meant working alongside and
often in subservience to her former
captors obviously anxiety she and her
government are limited in their powers
because the military are still very much
in control the military control the
police and much of the judiciary so
entities government cannot stop the
police arresting journalists or other
human rights activists however they do
have the power to stop prosecutions
going forward and also under
presidential amnesties they can release
political prisoners but more importantly
they have the power to repeal these
repressive laws that are being used but
we've seen none of those actions by by
the government in terms of energy in
2050 there is a legend manifesto there
is particular promise about media none
of them yet who who pay and we are very
disappointed about it so media freedom
is not priority in this country
reporting in local Burmese outlets on
the violence against the Ravindra people
has been poor
it isn't just intimidation censorship or
lack of access that has affected the
coverage many burmese have grown up
hearing political and social rhetoric
against the revenger calling them vermin
illegals and a threat to the Buddhist
majority a lot of this language has been
reproduced in the country's media over
the years and yet when it has come to
the case of Walloon and choice all
journalists in Myanmar have largely
shown solidarity this case has set a
worrying precedent and they can see the
danger that faces them all if you look
at this media in the majority of them
the tool of the propaganda machine of
the military and they have spread so
many hatreds and misinformation about
the religion of minorities but these two
journalists when they were arrested
media's to speak out but they are not
saying these two journalists exposed the
crime of the military but actually these
medias are focusing on on the press
freedom
whether media in Myanmar choose to
report on it or not the role of the
country's military in the killings and
forcing out of real hinder Muslims has
been documented in international
reporting the UN team said estimates
that the military's scorched earth
tactics have led to 10,000 deaths
conservative and most damningly in a
recent report published by the United
Nations Human Rights Council the report
states that the Burmese commander in
chief min outlined and his deputies bear
quote greatest responsibility for the
ethnic cleansing over hinder people the
government declined our request for a
statement on Walloon and Shaw Seoul's
case in a press conference however a
spokesperson said the sentencing of the
journalist was the clearest indication
of an independent and functioning
judiciary there had been hopes that ox
and Suchi would use one of the few
powers she does hold to grant a pardon
to the reporters that didn't happen and
in a media landscape already intimidated
and controlled by the state there's now
a chill more intense than it has been in
the past few years whatever happens now
nothing can make up for the eight months
that violin and cello have been
separated from their families deprived
of their freedom and unable to work as
journalists but it is important now that
that the injustice of these convictions
but the prison sentence be overturned it
does send a very chilling message to the
media in Burma whether they are released
under amnesty later or not a very strong
message given about reporting on issues
connected to the military issues
relating to rear-engine and the
situation in Rakhine State
unfortunately the verdict if anything
provides support to those
in the security forces who sought to
cover up evidence of a real crime those
who participated in that mass killing
were sentence the 10-year prison terms
the two men who exposed the killing were
sentenced to seven years that's an
injustice by any standard and it can't
be allowed to stand we're discussing
other media stories that are on our
radar today with one of our producers
that Tariq and NAFA Tariq there's been a
lot of concern over a new social media
law that's been approved by the Egyptian
president Abdel Fattah el-sisi why the
concern Barbara this new law gives Egypt
Supreme Council for media regulation the
power to monitor any social media
account website or blog with more than
5,000 followers which effectively means
a personal twitter page can be regulated
in the same way as a media outlet the
law states that pages or websites that
publish fake news or inciting material
will be suspended or blocked and of
course that's a clause that can be
interpreted very widely indeed Amnesty
International says it gives the state
near total control over print online and
broadcast media and I spoke with
Egyptian journalist Anna Khalifa about
the law this new media law is nothing
short of socio-political
asphyxiation for Egyptian citizens it
seeks to not only limit and suppress any
journalistic avenues of expression but
it does so for citizen journalists more
so than anything else you may not even
think of yourself as a citizen
journalist but you will be equally
arrested if the government deems what
you say to be inaccurate the fake news
or the worst case of all scenarios a
threat to national security
so tarik this law specifically targets
so-called fake news online and that's a
big issue for the Egyptian government
isn't it that's right president Sisi has
blamed fake news for spreading chaos and
instability in Egypt and July he said
that rumours acts of terrorism loss of
hope and feelings of frustration all
these work in a grand Network aimed at
one objective only one object
and then it's to move people to destroy
their country of course accusing
journalists and activists of spreading
false rumors in Egypt is not new but it
is ironic because it's the government
that is often accused by critics of
spreading fake news and disinformation
I'm gonna help you photo me that coupled
with other laws in Egypt and has the
effect of shutting down any discourse
that isn't government approved most
every media law whether it be the recent
recent media law just confirmed or the
cyber crimes law was preceded it or the
terrorism law which preceded it by
several years seek to do one thing and
that is maximize and amplify government
line and doctrine via a variety of media
whether it be television radio
newspapers digital or otherwise while at
the very same time suffocating this
course that is alternate and Osama
Khalifa said this new media law is just
the latest measure and what has been
months of tightening restrictions on
media and Egypt and of course numerous
journalist activists and academics
continue to be arrested and jailed one
of Al Jazeera's journalists Mohamed
Hussein has been imprisoned in Egypt for
more than six hundred and twenty days
now without trial
that's right without trial and without
charge and the network does continue to
call for his release so they can look at
another story now the New York Times
took what it called a rare step in the
past week by publishing a pretty
explosive anonymous opinion op-ed piece
there it is tell us why it's so
explosive well Barbara it's highly
unusual for a newspaper to publish an
anonymous op-ed and in this case the
piece was written by a senior White
House official who says there are
members of the administration working to
quote frustrate part of paths of trumps
agenda and his worst inclination and the
time they touched a note to the op-ed
saying that the writers identity had to
be protected and that publishing piece
anonymously was the only way to deliver
an important perspective to their
readers the entire process was
reportedly conducted so secretively that
even the times as news depart
had no idea that the piece was about to
be published and president Trump and his
supporters have long said that there are
two forces in America working to
undermine his presidency one of the news
media the other is the so-called
deep state so you can imagine their
reaction to this article Trump
questioned on Twitter whether the guts
loose White House official even exists
and if so said that the failing New York
Times should turn them over to the
government
Tariq thank you the royal wedding that
took place in London four months ago
played like a scene from a fairy tale
and the media lapped it up events like
these play a part in the British Royal
Family's ongoing effort to rebrand
itself like Prince William's wedding to
Kate Middleton back in 2011 the
televised nuptials of Prince Harry and
Megan Marco have helped Buckingham
Palace repair its public image which was
badly damaged following the death of
Princess Diana in 1997 but what about
the role played by the intermediary's
journalists in this royal rebrand well
the pomp and pageantry might mean little
more than ratings and clicks for
international media but Britain's Fourth
Estate is supposed to hold the country's
elite to account and they don't come
much more elite or privileged than the
House of Windsor funded by the taxpayer
but is the royal reporting British
audiences usually get long on deference
and short on scrutiny the
listening-posts
daniel Tory now on the relationship
between media and monarchy in the United
Kingdom
on the 19th of May the British royal
family delivered the kind of global
media spectacle that only it seems
capable of one that featured in news
cycles across continents with viewing
figures and hundreds of millions is
little wonder the world's media were out
in force there's a journalist covering
it um
you felt that you were covering an
iconic moment in royal history well that
that is some dress Adrian I'm still sort
of just absorbing that some of those
prime positions that were taken by the
BBC ABC we do have a prime viewing spot
some of the other American networks
we're costing in the region of six
figures every day that tells you that
the network's clearly thought they were
going to get a return for their money
this is bigger than any reality TV show
you're going to tune into this is real
life even at the Guardian who are and
you know it officially Republican paper
they can't help but cover it because
they instantly worry that there will be
the only newspaper without any coverage
that was a huge amount of media
attention on it and at the same time you
don't get the hard-hitting journalism
you don't get people query and exactly
how much the wedding costs and why we're
still funding it oh I think the problem
is lots of people don't like to talk
about the numbers
if questioning the cost of royal events
can feel a touch
awkward for British journalists that's
not the case for their audiences
according to a UK opinion poll taken
days before the wedding
the majority of Britons opposed any
public money being spent on it the royal
family says it paid for the private
aspects of the ceremony but they won't
specify whether that money came from
their private wealth estimated at more
than a billion dollars or from the
annual sovereign grant they received
from the government 105 million dollars
this year however we do know that the
bill for security reportedly as much as
forty million dollars was picked up by
taxpayers britain's media covering an
era of austerity are usually quick to
query public spending but when it
involves royalty they can seemed
curiously coy should more questions have
been asked about costs of security maybe
but there is a tendency to avoid what we
call sour grapes once it became clear
that Parliament did not vote in an extra
five million pounds to pay for the
wedding
I think the broadcaster's accepted that
the funding and wealth of the royal
family is infinite much more attention
so what we've seen in Britain in recent
years is a very stark contrast of
inequality so we've seen a huge rise in
the number of people who are using food
banks public services education as to
massive cuts what we've seen in the same
period is royal finances increasing
booking in palace and be awarded I think
it was over 300 million for renovations
so it's about making those connections
to the austerity politics that are going
on in what in Britain over the centuries
the British monarchy has lost many of
its formal powers but the sovereign and
the heir to the throne
do still inherit certain unique
privileges tax on the profits from their
estates is voluntary and doesn't have to
be disclosed then there are the Queen's
weekly confidential meetings with the
Prime Minister which allow her to air
her views on government policy
the Queen and Prince Charles also
receive all memoranda from the Cabinet
and have the right to veto new laws that
affect them and as a guardian Freedom of
Information request revealed Prince
Charles lobbies ministers in private
meetings and letters however during the
Guardians investigation the government
passed the law granting the Queen and
Prince Charles an absolute exemption
from the Freedom of Information Act
making it even harder for journalists to
scrutinize the monarchy instead
Britain's royal correspondents tend to
cover the fluffiest side of royalty I
think probably we can get a little
preoccupied with the flippant for
example if you're on a royal engagement
you know your job is to relay what's
going on it may well be a visit to the
Teenage Cancer Trust or an aids-related
charity for Prince Harry's work and you
know you often finding that your top
line in the story is Wow Megan stepped
out and a prospective one she again
there is an issue here about taking
members of the royal family holding them
directly to account as you might with a
politician or a business person or
whatever
should I be shouting a question of
course as a journalist the answer is yes
I should
tradition protocol our DNA with the
royal family determines the bio Lodge we
don't wear a timid feeble lot that's no
doubt about that we ought to be bolder
if the commercial value of royal news
explains how it gets reported by
Britain's privately owned outlets that
still leaves the public broadcaster the
British Broadcasting Corporation the
BBC's Constitution the Royal Charter
says its primary mission is to provide
impartial news but when it comes to
royalty
critics say the BBC's coverage Falls
seriously short the BBC constantly
talked about balance when it comes to
everything else about politics economic
climate change etc when it comes to the
royal family simply isn't there the
thoughtful leader the sensible girl and
the mischievous redhead doing things
with that unaffected style which has
become their hallmark it feels as if in
many ways the BBC is simply doing PR for
the Royals every single time there's a
royal birth they will be outside the
hospital waiting just filling time as is
nothing to really go on this news coming
in to us that there could be an
announcement soon and every single press
trip or any form of public outing is
covered without anything crisis and by
the BBC this is Batman's motorbike which
was altogether too much for William a
keen biker himself to resist the BBC's
completely accepted that the same thing
should be kept wrench off we put this
criticism to the BBC the press office
replied that the BBC applies due
impartiality to all of our output
including our coverage of the UK
monarchy there's a saying about the
British press that they're either at
your throat or at your feet and in the
1980s and 90s the relationship between
media and monarchy was more hostile
headlines like these were common as
Britain's tabloids ruthlessly exploited
royal private lives but the death of
Princess Diana in 1997 marked a turning
point newspaper owners accused of
hounding Diana to her death promised to
keep a more respectful distance
as for the royal household its response
to the crisis was seen as cold hearted
and faced with a dramatic drop in
popularity Buckingham Palace began its
rebrand with a little help from the
professionals we can see in the royal
household is a set of individuals
particularly in their world
communications office who have
previously worked in various media
corporations who have a particular
particular knowledge about how to
package royal news in particular ways
that will work for the news cycle to
remake the British monarchy as more
modern as more cosmopolitan as more
multicultural and using the tools that
those young girls offer them I think the
younger generation really understand
that if they show themselves to be a bit
more down to
whether that's by working in the Army
for a bit or by going to Wimbledon if
they play the game then the media will
play along with them the success of the
monarchy's modernization is undeniable
is those covering them who seems stuck
in the past in 1867 Walter Badgett
editor of The Economist wrote above all
things our royalty is to be reverenced
and if you begin to poke about it
you cannot reverence it we must not let
in daylight upon magic poking about is
the job of journalism but for some
British journalists the magic of royalty
clearly still casts a powerful spell I
think we got a little weight there
there's no question we got away and
finally Russia's state-owned Rossiya one
TV channel launched a new show this past
week called Moscow Kremlin Putin in the
first episode an hour long affair the
show's famously pro-kremlin host of
Vladimir Solovyov
aired footage of President Putin
trekking up a hillside cruising on a
boat and speaking with school kids he
even had the president's press secretary
Dmitry Peskov on set for an interview
about Putin's love for children and the
secrets to his quote beautiful physique
Rossi Awan hasn't explained the
rationale for this show it probably
isn't the coincidence that it comes at a
time of protests over the raising of age
limits for pensioners recent polls in
Russia have also shown Putin's numbers
slipping and in need of a boost we're
leaving you with some clips from the
Premier of Moscow Kremlin Putin and
we'll see you next time here at The
Listening Post
no relation she would add ricotta ratio
Nick tuna video voice in kilometer of
pogrom it is a head to positive Q is
very icky soup reverse - me who - thus
kokanee press were we near the support
Nagi Bala exclusive program president -
hula competition autocracy just before
not now button rascal known as copolymer
get you support erupt almost own means
which has a priority of practice key
Iranian occurred a year to a smaller
scale than yet the journal common girag
on provides for uranium the kilometer
miss college code budget mutual could
join debtor Carthaginian please read my
physics
Nagaraja know what if there is any my
it's a quickie grade
