police in Myanmar admitted there had
been a setup the Burmese military said
the massacre that was reported did
indeed happen and yet after eight months
in prison two Reuters journalists while
lone and cha so you have been sentenced
by a Burmese judge to seven years in
jail their crime obtaining secret state
documents as they researched the killing
and mass burial of ten reh√©n German in
the story of the ethnic violence against
minority range of Muslims in Myanmar has
been in the headlines for over a year
now international media have had access
into the country severely restricted and
much of the local media have taken the
government and military side over the
treatment of the revenger amid stories
of military orchestrated violence
recently confirmed in a United Nations
report the trial and sentencing of the
Reuters reporters captured attention
inside and outside Myanmar the listening
posts Meenakshi Ravi now on the case of
Willona and cha-cha
and the very high-priced journalists in
Myanmar pay if they report unfavorably
on the military
outside a courtroom in Yangon Myanmar on
the morning of the 3rd of September
journalists awaited news on the
sentencing of two Burmese reporters
Walloon and Chou so
the verdict came down seven years
imprisonment and just as they had done
so many times in the eight months before
this the two men came out declared their
innocence and were hauled into a police
van to be driven away to jail
notices asia editor kevin cruelly he was
inside the courtroom when the judge
issued the sentence against his
colleagues we had been prepared
intellectually prepared we knew it was
possible the judge would rule as he did
but nothing can prepare you for
confronting injustice as it happens the
very hard heartbreaking for the families
of wounded Costa who they both have
young families we've been following this
case from the beginning we already know
that there will be hard standards it is
actually but that did I mean it is it is
not very good particularly in this
moment but I think it is not surprised
us because we've been through this
situation for long Raul and joseline
were arrested in December last year a
burnoose policeman admitted in court
that the men had been entrapped they had
been researching a story about the mass
killing and burial of ten revenge' men
in Myanmar's northern rakhine state the
police offered them key secret state
documents that would corroborate their
findings the documents were in fact not
secret the situation was a setup and the
reporters were arrested and charged
under the Official Secrets Act a law
that has been on the books since 1923
when Myanmar was called Burma and was a
colony of Great Britain these two voices
journalists were one of the few
journalists in Burma that were actually
doing investigative work into the
situation in Rakhine State they were
immense and a colonial-era law at the
Official Secrets Act
but other oppressive laws are
extensively used as well the unlawful
associations act the peaceful assembly
act the penal codes as a whole raft of
repressive laws these two journalists
risk their freedom and their life to
expose a genocide they expose the
highest crime that was crime committed
by the Burmese military and this is the
biggest threat for them for the military
so they will never tolerate this
Myanmar's government has a unique
structure unlike any government anywhere
else in 2016 on sanzu chief the
political activists who had been kept
under house arrest for 15 years during
the military dictatorship took up the
post of state councilor akin to a prime
ministership it was a momentous event
I'm historic day for the Burmese people
around the world
Myanmar's transition from a military to
civilian government was heralded as the
start of an era of democracy for the
country the reality was never quite so
simple
25% of parliamentary seats are reserved
for the Burmese military and as mandated
by the Constitution three key ministries
Home Affairs defense and border affairs
are headed by serving members of the
military France and Suchi and her NLD
party being in government has
effectively meant working alongside and
often in subservience to her former
captors obviously anxiety she and her
government are limited in their powers
because the military are still very much
in control the military control the
police and much of the judiciary so
entities government cannot stop the
police arresting journalists or other
human rights activists however they do
have the power to stop prosecutions
going forward and also under
presidential amnesties they can release
political prisoners but more importantly
they have the power to repeal these
repressive laws that are being used but
we've seen none of those actions by by
the government in terms of ener-d in
2050 there is a legend manifesto there
is particular promise about media
yeah-hoo-hoo fail and we are very
disappointing about it so media freedom
is not per our deal in this country
reporting in local burmese outlets on
the violence against 300 people has been
poor
it isn't just intimidation censorship or
lack of access that has affected the
coverage many Burmese have grown up
hearing political and social rhetoric
against the revenger calling them vermin
illegals and a threat to the Buddhist
majority a lot of this language has been
reproduced in the country's media over
the years and yet when it has come to
the case of Walloon and choice all
journalists in Myanmar have largely
shown solidarity this case has set a
worrying precedent and they can see the
danger that faces them all if you look
at this media in the majority of them
the tool of the propaganda machine of
the military and they have spread so
many hatreds and misinformation about
the religion of minority but these two
journalists when they arrested media's
to speak out but they are not saying
these two journalists exposed the crime
of the military but actually these
medias are focusing on on the press
freedom whether media in Myanmar choose
to report on it or not the role of the
country's military in the killings and
forcing out of real hinge on Islam's has
been documented in international
reporting the UM team said estimates
that the military's scorched earth
tactics have led to 10,000 deaths
conservative and most damningly in a
recent report published by the United
Nations Human Rights Council the report
states that the Burmese commander in
chief min outlying
and his deputies bear quote greatest
responsibility for the ethnic cleansing
of her hinder people
the government declined our request for
a statement on Walloon and Cha so whose
case in a press conference however a
spokesperson said the sentencing of the
journalists was the clearest indication
of an independent and functioning
judiciary they had been hopes that ox
and Suchi would use one of the few
powers she does hold to grant a pardon
to the reporters that didn't happen and
in a media landscape already intimidated
and controlled by the state there's now
a chill more intense than it has been in
the past few years whatever happens now
nothing can make up for the eight months
that violin and cello have been
separated from their families deprived
of their freedom and unable to work as
journalists but it is important now that
that the injustice of these convictions
but the prison sentence be overturned it
does send a very chilling message to the
media in Burma whether they are released
under amnesty later or not a very strong
message given about reporting on issues
connected to the military issues
relating to Ranger and the situation in
Rakhine State
unfortunately the verdict if anything
provides support to those in the
security forces who sought to cover up
evidence of a real crime those who
participated in that mass killing were
sentenced to 10-year prison terms the
two men who exposed the killing were
sentenced to seven years that's an
injustice by any standard and it can't
be allowed to stand
you
