you
hi Emily kabila and you're in the stream
now live on al-jazeera and YouTube today
what happens when fashion and activism
collide you're about to meet a group of
women redefining what it means to be a
model
for designers models and fashionistas
alike New York Fashion Week is the
pinnacle of the season but this year
there is buzz beyond the runway we're
seeing a convergence of fashion and
activism with the industry focusing on
not only creating goods but doing good
so is this awakening a moment or a
movement because as fashion trends go
one day you're in and the next you're
out well here to discuss this our panel
of models in the studio we have grace
mihari and Mary Malec and in New York
City Jillian Mercado and halima ade and
welcome everyone to the stream so good
to have you here I know you're busy in
the midst of New York Fashion Week so we
appreciate you taking the time because
this is a topic that our community cares
about and so with that I'm going to
share a tweet from one of them I'm going
to give us a little bit of a spicy start
so I'm already are pre warning you there
this is Musa who tweets in historically
fashion have played a role in promoting
social change today I believe it's used
more to feel good versus doing good
Gillian do you want to take that on this
is more about what it looks like then
actually doing the work it's funny she
says that because I think that not in in
today's world I think that SS models
have a voice because of social media and
we've used that platform to act on it
you know to be activists and actually do
the work and show that you know sure we
can you know go down a runway and
promote fashion but we also are very
passionate a lot of things that are
personally affect us and/or that we see
and everything and if we have the power
and the platform to do so we go out and
do it and show that you know it's
possible to be an activist even in a
fashion industry so I want to share an
example right away with our audience
this is a tweet that you tweeted Halima
my new sea art fashion book cover story
is all about
UNICEF's efforts to help children
uprooted join me and Gigi Hadid and
supporting UNICEF USA and this
incredible work you can scroll down
there and you can see the cover of the
CR fashion book out
today and and this is what you all are
doing watch Yuji Hadid Halima Aydin and
more come together for CR 13 and UNICEF
of course I watched you at a panel just
this weekend talk about this very topic
fashion and activism so this is
something that New York Fashion Week
thinks is important to discuss why was
it important for you to talk about this
issue so I actually thank you baby thank
you this cover means everything to me
tea is actually one of my favorite
editorials ever because for the first
time it's like UNICEF is on a fashion
magazine and we're bringing together
activism with fashion and we're showing
the world that the two are very much
compatible and that you could still be
on the cover you could still be high
fashion and you could still be working
with an incredible organization such as
UNICEF and I just want to encourage
everybody to please visit my page the
link to the Instagram and again like
that will be supporting units and so it
looks like Helios connection is breaking
up just a little bit and that is coming
to us from New York City but I wanted to
share another example that people notice
at New York Fashion Week
this is weasel workshop that's their
handle they tweet in chrome at party
uses their medium for body positivity
and inclusion incredible show at New
York Fashion Week
and they shared this suite here grace
Lorraine says New York Fashion Week
spring 2019 run my images from Bogue
chrome at party are absolutely killing
it with their designs and you saw really
body shapes of all types people from all
walks of life what was it you noticed
differently about this year then maybe
perhaps other years it's well phenomenal
and made me to put things into
perspective I've been in the industry
for about 12 years and I
Ben just so I means put it pretty brunt
like forwardly I am born with the
straight size standard and the very like
homogeneous group of models that get
cast for certain things and of course I
benefited from some of that because of
my natural body type but to see a woman
in my family woman around the world men
as well who who differ and in body shape
race ethnicity
you know sexuality represented in
fashion in the media it means everything
it means that we are trying to move at
least collectively as a culture and
society into a more truthful space so I
am with it
martini relate to that absolutely I do
I believe fashion is storytelling and in
order for us to be able to connect with
the rest of the world and influence
because fashion influences so many is
for us to have voices to tell the
stories of the voiceless and unheard
through fashion or through our
experiences and this is why I believe
for myself specifically that being a
model was about for me to be a model
with purpose because I came as a refugee
and I I got this privilege and platform
and I and I feel fortunate so I feel
like I have to use my platform in ways
where I can make a change and it's so
important for us in the fashion industry
to be involved in making a change
because we have that platform to do so
and I love the image and the platform we
were just seeing images of some of your
modeling I want to share a closer look
with our audience here this is via
Kenneth Cole the courageous class QA
Mari Moloch and you can see some of her
modeling there but then this picture is
a little bit different talk to us about
what we are seeing here in this picture
you are with a group of students holding
up minstrel kids us about them and why
they're so important to you so since I
got involved in the fashion industry I
always wanted to share the stories of
where I come from South Sudan South
Sudan is the youngest con
in the world we're facing one of the
worst refugee crisis right now and the
ones who are suffering the most are
women and children over 50% of South
Sudanese children under the age of 18
years old and 64% are women and we are
not prioritized to have empowerment to
have equality or to have education when
a girl men straight she's already
considered to be a woman and she doesn't
have access to school after that she's
married off and many girls end up
missing three four or five days of
school because they don't have access to
menstrual products or they completely
drop out of school so with Stanford
education our nonprofit organization is
that we provide menstral health products
and we give free menstrual health
products that picture was a picture of
girls holding underwears where we put
kids together I go there every year and
supply girls in school with kids and
these underwears last a girl for one two
three years
that's incredible and it's leakage free
it's sustainable it's reusable and this
is not a an issue that's just in South
Sudan all over the world is in refugee
camps it's in America and prisons and
homeless shelters menstrual products
should be free like toilet paper and
that's what we are working on and of
course they are not Julie and I see you
nodding your head there what did you
want to add I mean it's amazing because
this is what I was saying earlier using
our platform to show the world of these
cases and these issues so is it and it's
very important for us to acknowledge
that and she make changes you know I
think we're just outside the community
we've had we've had it seeing this not
seeing results you know so we're out
there using our platform for good and
actually making a difference
that's much needed in this world so I I
also do my best to work and talk about
women in children who have disabilities
around the world because I'm very
privileged to have grown in New York
City
where we have such a cyber people
there's so many people out in the world
who don't have the same privilege and in
my case with disability it's something
that not talked about as much as it
should
that's why I always do my best and make
sure that the physically women and
children are vCard everywhere around the
world so I want to share with our
audience what that looks like for you
and it's in New York City where you are
this is Times Square the heart of this
city look I guess you're clapping for
you and well deserved
Julie marcado I'm not sure I've spoken
to vulnerable driven defiant or
ambitious strong too confident or even
too different
this is the ad campaign for Olay Oil of
Olay and you can see you there with it
behind you this moment of course
resonated online it sent ripple effects
this is your face this campaign I want
our audience to have a look at the video
behind this campaign featuring Jillian
Mercado have a look when I was diagnosed
with my disability there was this
encyclopedia of things that I should
know shouldn't do should do act so right
there and then I was faced with so many
things that I wasn't even sure that I
actually wanted to follow it and I know
you're a little baby you don't know um
but then as an adult you realize that
you don't have to follow the rules that
someone else has but for you you can
write your own journey in your own rule
book and that's something that I face
every single day tried to add a new rule
in my own full book
my name is Jillian Mercado together we
can face anything you can write your own
rulebook I'm taking notes there it's
interesting and interesting that comment
that came up after you tweeted that out
was this from Tatiana that I wanted to
bring it up Tatiana says this is
gorgeous but I'm mad they didn't show
your chair but I know it's all about the
face congratulations in this of course
what she's talking about
talk to us about that idea not showing
the chair what's funny because nobody
else was shown their full body it's a
face campaign so they're right they're
putting me equal as everyone else and
that's that's I think it's the point
it's you know I yes my chair is a part
of me I it's my leg
sort of deep but it's also I think that
people use my chair before they see my
personality and you see Who I am and I
think that we've been brainwashed for
centuries with people who do look
different and that's the first thing
that they acknowledge and that's the
first thing that they see without
actually getting to know the person so
regarding her comment they didn't show
my chair because it wasn't a full body
campaign I guess your owns that are not
in Greece I wanted to bring this up
because our guests are hearing our
audience is hearing what our guests have
to say and people rights in how helpful
or difficult is the fashion industry and
its support for nonprofit activities as
initiated by members like yourself is it
is it difficult to birch those two parts
of your identity you know what I'll
answer that after I just comment on what
Jillian said because Jillian knows this
I don't know if you know this but my
father is in a wheelchair he was at an
accident when I was six months old and I
met when I met Gillian I was just
outstanding I was just astonished at her
personality in her charisma and her her
your ambition because she's right it
like in that example it was a face
campaign why should her chair be there
her chair is a part of her and I think
obviously for my father and for my
family we'd love to see the fact that
you are and it sure because yes we do
need to know that you would
this and that you are a definition of
beauty as well and I for a long time all
my life until I met you didn't think
that this day would come I didn't think
that a person in a wheelchair would be a
supermodel and so thank you for being
that shining light and to answer the
question
Twitter has brought up to us yeah it is
it is kind of difficult especially now
because we're I mean I feel like the
industry is a little oversaturated and
it's quite difficult to get your project
or your idea at the forefront of several
different ideas right but I on the other
hand have been so grateful and pretty
lucky with some of the relationships
I've made in this industry who have
helped me along the way creating
projects a high so my nonprofit is
dedicated to creating clean energy
solutions for communities around the
world that don't have access to power I
I was born and raised in Edmonton
Alberta moved to Toronto in high school
my parents come from Eritrea they are
immigrants they you know they brought I
was raised with a serious relationship
with my country and my continent and so
when I got my first big break with the
big designers you want she walking
exclusively with them the first thing I
wanted to do with this amazing
opportunity living like being in Paris
was go home and I took myself home and I
went alone which is not normal for most
of us kids in Eritrea for three weeks I
don't really speak the language that
while I can get by a baby talk I I just
I went there and I realized that I was
born and raised in a way that's
different and I have now a platform and
an opportunity to do something about
that in a place that my family and
friends and relatives are from and
relatable countries around the continent
in world and so that's what I'm doing so
I I was I had my device's myself one of
my laptop of there and I was like okay I
can't charge anything I don't know when
the next time I'll be able to use my
device is and I decided then and there
that this is going to be my project this
is what I'm gonna do and obviously I
chose clean energy because well maybe
it's not obvious to everyone but we are
running out of fossil fuels one two we
are harming the planet and in
exponential rate and three I just want
to see the youth in in parts and
developing nations have the same access
and opportunities that we do around the
world if you take a look at my laptop
here you will see that project clean
energy for all and this headline I think
pretty much sums it up for grace fashion
and social activism the busy life of
model grace mihari the Canadian model
aims to fight energy poverty with her
project and her company
Halim I could see you nodding there when
grace was talking about using that
platform and going back home to try to
give back what were you thinking well
grace is my neighbor
so I can totally relate to what she was
saying about going home and I recently
got to go home for the first time too
and that experience was so life-changing
and go back to the camp that I was born
in and to see those kids and see all the
hope and you know like it just makes you
realize like it doesn't matter a child
is in America or Kakuma or a different
part of the world they're still children
and they want they want happiness they
they deserve education they deserve to
feel secure and safe and you know
ultimately all children deserve to have
a childhood a happy happy childhood so
I'm so proud of you grace and I'm
signing my head like yes I can totally
relate to everything that you're
thinking and I think exactly like we're
in a time when fashion we could do so
much with it you know whether it's going
back home or even just sharing it on our
social media or being on Time Square by
the way Jilly your oh my gosh I'm
literally in tears because that
billboard was so beautiful and I think
of all the little girls that will see
that and relate to you and that's
something for the first time the
industry is providing people and I'm
just so incredibly honored to be with
this group of women I learned so much
every day from you guys and you guys
inspired me so much and yeah I'm just so
excited at this new direction the
industry speaking
we got a question live on YouTube from
someone named Samia she's a former
stream fellow and she says do you feel
your activism is being taken seriously
or do people think you're being self
promoting and that in itself is not
effective
Mario I'll keep that one to you do you
think you're taken seriously are you
looked at as oh that's that's just a
model she should stick to fashion yeah I
think before I started I think the same
time you did 12 years ago and I wanted
to speak my voice as a model and have a
story behind me and many people did not
get that in the industries like no
you're supposed to just show up for the
client take pictures look beautiful but
I wanted to have something behind it but
now it's it's a huge commodity to be a
model activist it's trendy but at the
same time I take it into consideration
as a blessing because we are able to
utilize our voices as well as our beauty
I guess to to make a change and and
thanks to social media because social
media is sure it could be a curse or a
blessing but it depends on how you the
individual can take matters into your
hands and be ethical and responsible
with how you utilize your message so not
even just being a model but just being a
human being we all are you know we have
a specific way where we can give our
opinions out and have a voice and if
you're a model and actor a doctor lawyer
or even a dishwasher you still have a
platform to speak up because there are
so many other people in the world who
don't have that platform and that's the
way we can utilize these ways so yeah
right now it's it's pretty cool to be
able to speak our voices as well as use
our faces right and because what Mari
what you may not know about Mari she's
also a DJ so wears many hats and actors
many hats all of our all of our guests
wear many hats I wanted to bring in a
little bit of pushback though this is a
headline from someone who sent us a
video comment the headline is why does
fashion suddenly care about
activism so this is picking up on the
idea that this is just a trend we got a
video comment from the author of this
piece his name is Jake hall he's a
freelance journalist out of the UK and
this is what he asks so do you think
it's greater say we need designers are
using their platforms to raise awareness
of certain issues but I also think it's
worth remembering that the fashion
industry is the second dirtiest in the
world and it has its own issues to deal
with so we need to see if companies add
to the address in them whether they have
a transparent supply chain whether or
not they're kind of working to avoid
exploitation and whether or not they
have diverse representation from the
inside out also think that in today's
political climate can feel like activism
is a little bit of a marketing tool
especially when it comes to dealing with
reporters seems to be a more engaged
youth generation so I think that for
brands dad should be an activist it
means doing it for more than one season
means donating at least some of their
proceeds I'm also looking within their
own companies to fix those issues as
well doing it for more than one season
Jillian they want to throw that one over
to you what do you make about um well
there's a lot that's right right I mean
yeah I can see how you can see that you
know me look like it's a trend or
whatnot but I feel like especially now I
mean I can be honest to tell you that
I've never been to more protests and
March in my life that I have in the past
year to us because we have we are
another thing that this is like we're in
state of emergency now and that our
rights are can be quickly taken away
from us so quickly so I feel like you
know to pick you back of what was that
before we had this like amazing platform
they were reaching millions and millions
people and we're talking and posting
about things that actually matter and
care both and that could affect everyone
you know and I feel like you know work
yes we are in the fashion industry now
and yes there is a lot of things to
change within the industry that we still
haven't acknowledged or changed but you
know it's baby it takes one person at a
time and takes conversation it takes you
know talking about a family gathering
with friends and you know and actually
making that change happen it sounds like
we're getting there it I do believe that
you are and it sounds like what you're
saying is that it's sort of an organic
process Halima this weekend the panel
that I mentioned earlier you spoke at
fashion and activism one of the audience
members or on the panel one of the
questions that came up was that you are
an activist and whether or not that you
can embrace that title do you call
yourself an activist would you would you
label yourself as that i personally
don't label myself as an activist
because i feel like for me um I don't
know maybe because I'm 20 and I still
have so much to learn and my work with
UNICEF just started this past year so
it's exciting but I really see myself as
a student if anything and I think
activism is such a you know what I mean
I feel like when I when I think of that
term I think of Audrey Hepburn I think
of women like Oprah and you know like
people really dedicated their entire
like lives and careers into you know
what I mean not just like a one-year
type of thing and for me I just I I feel
like um part of the reason why it's
different for me is because I was in a
refugee camp I was born there I lived
there for seven years and I understand
it's very much about for me at least
it's this feeling of I've gotten so many
blessings whether it was from the
workers in the camp or just people even
when we move to America who helps my
family adjust into this new country so I
feel like when you're given that many
blessings and truly like the chance of a
lifetime I almost oh it to do whatever I
can whether it means whatever I can with
this new platform or even if I wasn't
modeling like I was doing housekeeping
at st. cloud hospital and I was still
like trying to raise awareness about the
refugee crisis and trying to bring
attention to that you know whether it
was volunteering at my community or just
sharing my story and struggles I feel
like for me it was always a social
responsibility and I don't really
focus on the label because you know what
I mean I feel like it's just something
we should all all work toward I do and I
think that is the point we're going to
have to pause this conversation because
we run out of time I want to give a big
thanks to all of our guests and of
course to our community and end with the
ways that you can get in touch with our
guests via Instagram this is Halima's
Instagram page over here you have grace
hari's here is Mari mullick and instead
of Instagram for Julian I'm going to
show this on newsstands now teen vogue
with Jillian Mercado thanks so much for
joining us until next time we'll see you
online
you
hey this is amazing yes
