this is what he wrote we have grown to
love one another very deeply we are more
than friends and we are more than father
and son these words written by the
Catholic priest who abused him as a
child have haunted 55 year-old mark
Crawford for three decades it doesn't go
away it never goes away it's always
there
Crawford says father Kenneth Martin
became a family friend in the late 70s
then began abusing Crawford when he was
15 him being like a father figure to me
versus the torment of the abuse it
becomes very tangled very complicated
for a child father Martin was the
associate priest here at the family's
Church Crawford says the abuse never
happened inside this building but did in
many other places at the rectory where
the priests lived at the boy's house a
few blocks from here and on
cross-country trips that the priest
would take with the boy we took a train
from Chicago to Denver and on that
overnight train and I was in a bunk bed
is when he you know began touching me
the abuse continued weakly and only
ended after Crawford left home for
college but when he returned he
discovered father Martin had begun
abusing his younger brother
that's when Crawford came forward the
statute of limitation had passed to
pursue legal charges but Crawford still
a devout Catholic wrote letter after
letter to church leaders warning them to
keep father Martin away from children a
spokesperson for the Archdiocese of
Newark said the church did find
sufficient information to support
Crawford's accusations father Martin was
placed on limited ministry not involving
children and left the priesthood in 2002
we found Martin now in retirement at his
home in New Jersey some questions about
these allegations you're facing I don't
no comment do you can you are you
confirming or denying that I'm not
confirming or denying anything do you
have anything to say to the alleged when
a child is abused by a Catholic priest
they not only lose trust and all the
other things that go with along with
being sexually abused but they lose
their faith for Crawford the trauma grew
worse when he discovered the church
official he had reported the abuse to
faced a scandal of his own Cardinal
Theodore McCarrick resigned in July
he's accused of abusing adults and
children for decades how can you still
have trust or faith in an institution
where at the highest level these men
protected each other
Crawford now leads a group of clerical
abuse survivors
he says the church needs reform and
victims still need justice Heidi Joe
Castro al Jazeera New Jersey
