over the years the province of adlib has
offered somewhat of a refuge for almost
a million internally displaced Syrians
but that seems like it's all about to
change with the expected government
offensive backed by Russia to recapture
the last province left under opposition
control Turkey's preparing for a
worst-case scenario we met with the head
of Turkey's Red Crescent just as he
returned from visiting ad lib if any
huge influx inside Edith or had a
Turkish border now we are preparing new
refugee camps inside Syria turkey
already hosts more than three million
Syrian refugees and it doesn't want any
more the Turkish border with Syria has
been closed for years unfortunately
there is no clear fault line for armed
groups there are settling down inside
and the societies so it is really
difficult to target the military I mean
the points so we are concerning a huge
signal cause realities it's been a
repetitive cycle for years despite
endless political negotiations it's the
military option that always seems to
come first millions of Syrians are
homeless in their own country dependent
on aid unable to rebuild their lives
this factory belongs to the Turkish aid
group ihh NIT sends 150 thousand bags of
bread to it live every day each piece
representing someone who cannot feed
themselves the individual desperate
stories often getting lost in a mass of
lives interrupted by a certain incorrect
aping the threat of death now they were
facing death once again they have no
plan B in the last few years we have
tried to build more permanent structures
for the displaced
today we are back to square one setting
a basic tents to prepare for a new wave
humanitarian corridors are being
proposed by aid agencies but they will
remain inside Syria and the question
remains - where most people don't want
to go to the government controlled areas
which surrounded lib and that leaves the
Turkish controlled northern part of the
country but many are reluctant to go
there - no one wants to be displaced
again even though aid aid
these are preparing for what they fear
will be a bloody battle everyone is
saying it's still too early to predict
how exactly it will all unfold that they
say will be decided at the negotiating
table between Iran Russia and Turkey but
there is a consensus that the battle for
Eid Lib will be the final major battle
of this war Stephanie Decker al Jazeera
on the turkey-syria border
