protesters returned to the streets of
Basra angry and undeterred by the deaths
of six demonstrators the day before this
is the response from security forces
firing tear gas to disperse the crowds
this is some of the worst unrest seen
since demonstrations began in July
protesters accused the police of using
live ammunition
police say protesters have been firing
weapons the city of Barra lies in the
southern region that produces most of
Iraq's oil wealth but protesters say
they see little of it they say the
system is riddled with corruption there
is little work and infrastructure there
has all but collapsed
I know enough I don't want no ammo
Larabar the people of Basra have no
services no other and no electricity how
long will this situation remain a rocky
prime minister haider al-abadi has
ordered an investigation into the deaths
of the protesters
he's already suspended the electricity
Minister part of his government's effort
to punish those believed to be behind
the problems but protesters say that
needs to translate into real change
electricity that doesn't keep cutting
out and water that's fit to drink
million ohand al Jazeera
