the leaders of Pacific island countries
have a lot of issues to discuss climate
change in rising sea levels disaster
preparedness vulnerable fish stocks and
the growing influence of China all those
issues are on the Pacific Island forums
agenda but all are being overshadowed by
where the forum is happening
tiny Naru is one of the two places
Australia's government has sent and held
for years refugees who've tried to get
to its shores Manus Island in Papua New
Guinea is the other Amnesty
International Human Rights Watch and
United Nations agencies have all
condemned conditions on the islands
Australia's Refugee Council and it's
asylum seeker Resource Centre have just
published a joint report it says poor
living conditions on the roof and the
lack of a long-term plan for the
families being held has left refugees
including children broken naruse
government and something Australia's two
are sensitive to the criticism most
refugees support organisations aren't
allowed to visit the country what's
outrageous you never you don't have to
hide anything that's good right the
Australian government is doing
everything it can to try and prevent the
reality of the impact of their policy
from the Australian people for years to
journalists including those from
al-jazeera
have been banned from Naru for the
Pacific Island forum Naru said that a
very small number of journalists no more
than 30 in total are no more than three
from any one country would be allowed to
visit but they still said no to us and
for the few who they did let in there
were strict conditions on their visas
they would report only on the Pacific
Island forum and not engage in any
activities that would cause or encourage
disruption what's living here if there
was any doubt on Tuesday it became clear
that meant talking to refugees the
police showed up and said I wanted to
see my visa said I was breaching my visa
conditions so I was taken to the police
station
the neroon president's frustration with
the forum being disrupted in this way
was clear we don't deserve this at all
don't tell me about you know refugee
being an issue how can it be an issue
for for fatahna for Cuba's know it's an
issue for Australia and all those
refugee advocates New Zealand's Prime
Minister flew in for the Pacific island
forum but the region's newest leader
Australia's is missing Scott Morrison
has been to Nauru before as immigration
opposition spokesman and then
Immigration Minister he oversaw the
islands refugee prison but as Prime
Minister he's avoiding a revisit Andrew
Thomas al Jazeera Sydney
