they gathered at the border between
Guatemala and Mexico asking to be let
through thousands of men women and
children who'd walked at least six days
in a caravan from Honduras the
atmosphere was charged many are fleeing
violence or extreme poverty in their
homeland and feel they can't go back
don't look at em we can organize our you
think we just want them to help us let
us pause if Mexico gives us a chance to
work we'd welcome it or be it the United
States Canada Europe my legs are hurting
I'm tired and hungry but police on both
sides of the border have been given
orders they should go no further
their governments pressed into action by
President Trump he's adamant they must
be stopped before they reached the US
and we're gonna have the military
stationed there not coming into this
country they might as well turn back
they're not coming into this country a
stalemate prevailed but finally they
simply streamed through the Guatemalan
barricades and raced across the bridge
to Mexico on the other side the line
held firm chaos ensued stones were
thrown in the end the Mexican police
responded with tear gas
later a truce authorities began to get
some women and children off the bridge
and into Mexico they say they'll work
with the United Nations to review all of
the cases offering asylum to those who
qualify and deporting those who don't
but Mexico is in a very tough spot it's
Asylum system is already stretched to
the limit absorbing all of these extra
people is going to be hard simply
letting them go on with the threats of
President Trump is unthinkable and that
just leaves sending them back home so
now they're in limbo not knowing if the
journey which many see as their last
resort will end in failure or with a new
star John Holman al Jazeera Tapper Chula
