Akiyama Hamid has brought two children
to this hospital she says it's her last
hope to save them know that there I
brought my four-year-old daughter here
for treatment and my son was also
diagnosed with severe and acute
malnutrition he's been like this for a
long time as frail as Mohammad looked
she says he's in a better shape than his
sister who we were not allowed to film a
few kilometers from the clinic is a big
hospital dealing with cases like
Mohammed's this is one of the two
facilities run by Doctors Without
Borders in my degree dedicated to
treating cases of severe and acute
malnutrition cases 30 years is the first
discovery of cases of famine hundreds of
patients still come to these facilities
in search of out they're mostly
displaced persons but also residents of
the city that is even struggling with
nine years of both war and violence the
hospital is already full with more
patients waiting to get in
doctors are now faced with a difficult
choice of either turning away patients
or admitting them and lowering standards
in our outpatient department for the
moment we have a thousand three hundred
patients that are coming back every two
weeks for a follow-up visits to see how
they know how their nutrition status is
improving and we have a 72 bed facility
for impatience for severely acute
malnourished patients with complications
where we're having for the moment about
90 to 100 new admissions per week
thousands of displaced people have
returned to their villages in Northeast
Nigeria but it's still too dangerous to
go out to farm because of fear of
attacks by Boko Haram fighters the
United Nations says more than 10 million
people need urgent assistance in the
lake chad region most of them in
Nigeria's northeast hundreds have
already died because of food shortages
in the last three years emergency
workers and the displaced say they're
worried about buna fatigue if that
happens the fear thousands more could
die
Hamid Idris al Jazeera made you curry
