in this child-friendly space in
Bangladesh young Roja refugees are
getting a chance
they were never afforded back home in
Myanmar and they're in a happy mood as
they proudly show off their reading and
reciting skills save the children's
Daphne cook tells me how the informal
program aims to teach more than just
letters and numbers these are kids that
haven't had any kind of education at all
what that means is they might not know
how to cross the road safely they might
not know how to wash their hands so it's
really basic stuff like that to keep
kids safe and healthy in their day to
day lives outside the Learning Center
though a grim reality confronts you at
almost every turn like these children
who should be in school instead they're
selling vegetables to help support their
families or these teenagers who should
be having fun with their friends instead
discussing what little they have to look
forward to before fleeing to Bangladesh
sixteen-year-old Zabul used to dream of
becoming a doctor if I can't continue to
study I wouldn't be able to do anything
with my life I won't have any skills I'm
very worried that this could mean I
might end up a thief one day just so I
can survive I want to study
ziyal completed the seventh grade in
Myanmar but he hasn't been back in a
classroom since he and his family fled
the violence there go to almost any camp
for the displaced practically anywhere
in the world and you find more often
than not that in those settings it's
extremely difficult for children to get
access to a proper education but when
you speak to her hindi refugees who fled
Myanmar over the course of the past year
you find out that their education crisis
started long before they arrived here
it's estimated that upwards of 60% of
the reh√©n juh are illiterate when you
hear how these boys were often barred by
soldiers from attending school in
Myanmar's Rakhine State it's easy to
understand why there are
when we were on our way to class the
army used to stop us and ask where are
you going we said we were going to
school they'd ask us what are you doing
going to school
UNICEF Simon Ingram explains how dire
the situation has become so over the
past year we've had something like three
hundred and eighty thousand school-aged
children arriving here from across the
border so trying to get them into some
kind of learning activities give them
some sort of shape to their lives give
them some sort of hope in terms of
learning and their education for the
future that has had to be one of our
biggest priorities while aid workers are
cautiously optimistic that consultations
with the government of Bangladesh will
result in a formal curriculum that's
ready to roll out by October most of the
refugee children don't hold out much
hope for while they may not be in school
they learn each and every day just how
cruel the world can be Mohammed Abdullah
Al Jazeera at the kuttappa long refugee
camp in Cox's Bazaar Bangladesh
