a show strength by Germany's far white
angry protests after the killing of a
young man foreigners accused of his
death is anti-migrant sentiment growing
in Germany and how much of a threat does
it pose this is inside story
hello and welcome to the program I am
Hashim Alberta the city of chemnitz in
the East German state of Saxony has seen
a series of violent anti-migrant
protests they began last Sunday after
the fatal stabbing over 35 year old
German man and the arrest of two
suspects asylum seekers from Iraq and
Syria the streets were briefly owned by
far-right protesters who chanted Germany
for Germans reportedly gave Hitler
salutes and chased anyone who looked
foreign police struggled to keep control
and fights continued the following day
between far white and left-wing
demonstrators the violence has raised
concerns about in the city's neo-nazi
stronghold
exposing divisions in German society
about immigration Chancellor Angela
Merkel allowed more than a million
migrants into the country at the height
of the refugee crisis in 2015 the
biggest opposition party the far white
alternative for Germany seized or what
it saw as an open-door policy winning 92
parliamentary seats in last year's
elections and the AFD organised another
protest on Saturday
Toni Kane has been in cabinets and filed
this report their message is loud and it
is clear they are the people whom their
country has forgotten neglected so they
say by a government that encourages
tolerance and integration on Thursday
they took to the streets of chemnitz to
oppose a meeting of solidarity between
the main parties taking place nearby and
to highlight their distrust of
mainstream media perhaps around a
thousand people were here protesting
against the numbers of migrants in
Chemnitz
fact official figures show only around
one and a half percent of the population
here is from Syria and Afghanistan this
demonstration was peaceful in stark
contrast to the scenes on Sunday and
Monday
when thousands of far right and far left
protesters threw rocks bottles and
fireworks at each other and at the
police the violence flowed from the
events on Sunday morning when a German
national was fatally stamped during an
altercation with two migrants in the
wake of that many people wondered if
they'd been collusion between elements
of the far-right and someone in the
judicial system on Thursday an official
admitted to having leaked the details of
the suspects he has been suspended on a
wider level this week many Germans have
been wondering at the strength of the
far-right in Saxony one local analyst
explained how their approach has shifted
they use Facebook and Twitter and if
this should not suffice led to telephone
calls and they say well something ugly
has been happening here we have to show
that we do not agree with that and we
have to make clear that there is many of
us the people here speak with a loud
voice and seemingly a united voice but
their numbers across Germany remain very
small but their message certainly is
being heard across this country
the challenge for the political elite is
what they will do about it
Dominic Kane al-jazeera chemnitz let's
bring in our panelists in Berlin Philip
Salta
student activist and anti-fascism
campaigner in Washington Cynthia Miller
Idrees professor of education sociology
at the American University and also in
Berlin Mona alomari political activist
and community educator welcome to the
program
Philip quite interesting to see what's
happening in Chemnitz
so a young German was killed and then
the streets were almost taken over by
the far right is this a genuine act of
anger over what people think is lack of
security or is it an act of political
opportunism by the German far-right well
by the far-right it's of course an act
of opportunity they got the opportunity
that one person was killed on the street
and yes we don't know anything about the
accident itself we know that one person
was killed we know that we have two
suspects and yeah that's it and at the
same time right-wing activists use this
opportunity to get on the street to
overwhelm the police and yeah to be the
majority for a short time Cynthia we
have people in Chemnitz saying basically
they no longer feel protected by the
state what does this tale tell us about
Germany I think part of what we're
seeing is that you know political
parties that are closer to the
mainstream that are officially in
Parliament now and and rhetoric has
officially and and successfully been
mobilized to to stoke fear in ordinary
people that is far you know exaggerated
they're not protesting you know ordinary
crimes that Germans are doing which are
you know also just as likely to produce
the kind of vile
that you're seeing from from that we saw
in that terrible tragedy on Sunday but
it's an opportunity for for the far
right to mobilize and to come together
and use it as an excuse to enact
violence mm-hmm Mona we've seen
fearmongers across Europe tapping into
the general anxiety about the influx of
immigrants into the country to advance a
political agenda is this an isolated act
of fear-mongering in Germany or is it an
event that could build up in the future
I actually do not think that this is an
isolated event
I think that it is one incident in a
chain of incident that has been
happening that will happen in the future
I think we haven't seen the last of it
yet I think what has happened over the
last decades even is yet another shift
of the overall societal discourse to the
riot and that entails that things that
might not have happened in the frequency
that they have now are finding a climate
in which they can happen and the
perpetrators of certain acts do not have
to fear the same repercussions that
maybe they would have had 20 years ago
but at one of the pivotal moments of the
of the events that are unfolding in
Chemnitz is basically the investigation
into the leaking of the arrest warrant
by the police to the far right does it
give us any sort of indication about
some sort of collaboration or link
between the police and the far-right in
Chemnitz I would not say that there is
collaboration and with the police
between police and right-wing extremists
on on a large scale what we know is that
certain elements in the police are
sympathizing with right-wing extremism
maybe not the right-wing neo-nazi
parties but at least with the AFD party
and the other point is that the
right-wing extremists overwhelmed the
police they
to be on one side to be part of German
society and environment the other side
they clash with the police now we know
from the past there was recently an
event their camera team was pushed away
from demonstration by police and they
were accused by one man one normal
demonstrator of being yeah people who
make propaganda he was it turns out also
a policeman in civil clothes not in
service but in an administration
position inside the police and this of
course showed also that there are some
connections between police and
right-wing extremists at least on a
level of not cooperation but on sympathy
mm-hmm it's Cynthia I mean if you see
the latest developments you we've
basically seen protesters acting like
vigilantes shouting anti-democracy
slogans saying they are opposed to the
mainstream media shouting that Germany
should stay for the for the Germans
where does it lead Germany I think that
one of the things that Germany has to
reckon with is this shift in the tactics
of the far right that Chemnitz recommend
you know that chemnitz represented and
revealed which is that there's a very
rapid mobilization that can happen and
while yes this is a trajectory that's
been happening over a couple of decades
I agree with that I think there was
still something different here and that
we saw a kind of a coalition emerge
among violent right-wing extremists the
marsh mixed martial arts the soccer
hooligans everyone coming into the
street not into small groups combined
with large numbers of kind of ordinary
people who were mobilized and that I
think is you know a newer development to
see that many people so quickly
activated over social media and I think
that's something that certainly in the
future the intelligence services and the
police have to reckon with that rapid
mobilization and be better prepared
munna this isn't the first time that the
observers the local media is talking up
out what should the police do to tackle
the rise of the of extremism in Germany
remember the 15 years ago and the series
of attacks targeting migrants police
said these were completely isolated it
took us 15 years at least for the German
government to say this is something that
is connected to the national social and
the ground which is a neo-nazi movement
is this is this are we talking about
some sort of blacks ISM by the security
apparatus in Germany yeah I would
definitely call it a lack of response by
the German police force I think what
people have to remember in discussing
the role of the police force and also
the role of intelligence agencies in
Germany is the fact that after Germany
became a state kind of in its own right
again after the Second World War a lot
of former hive function figures of the
Nazi Party were basically reinstated
into their old functions whether it was
the Neagle forest like lawyers and
judges or whether it was the police
force or intelligence agencies so from
the moment of their being brought into
existence these institutions have been
basically run by former neo-nazi party
or Nazi Party members and I'm sure not
only me but a lot of people actually
think that these former roles that they
played on the Nazi rule and their
convictions were actually traded in tor
embedded into the new institutions as
well and there have been a lot of or at
least in my opinion there have been too
many scandals of right wing or right
meaning or or racist members of the
police force to just have them be single
incidents or the the proverbial bad
apple in the bunch I actually do think
that there's a huge and very important
problem of racism with the German police
force and within the German intelligence
agencies Philip we're talking here about
different political parties or
organizations with different
affiliations with a far-right like the
national social underground pegida which
is the patriotic europeans against the
islamization of the west the AFD which
is the third largest political party in
the Bundestag and the National
Democratic Party is the far-right
becoming now a mainstream establishment
in Germany well I would say it's not
becoming a mainstream establishment but
it reached the mainstream or to
formulate it a little bit different it
has been always in the mainstream but
it's becoming more openly now the
problem with these organizations is that
they have very different kind of agendas
but in the end they are all right wing
and very much much extreme and radical
and but they have different kind of
shadows regarding that you know some of
them try to get more into the public
some of them try to be more extreme or
more violent some of them are even
terrorist organizations like you
mentioned it national nationalist
Socialist underground what I like to
call themselves and yeah so it's not
becoming mainstream the mainstream the
majority of people in my opinion still
is not very much affected by especially
the extreme but they get into this
populism of course Oh especially the AFD
and this of course keeps gives people
and also this other people otherwise I
also join other extreme parties after
that so all of them get of course more
people Cinthia with the AFD which is the
alternative for Germany becoming the
third biggest political party in the
country it has a platform a sets the
agenda it's all the time linking the
problems of Germany to the the coming of
the immigrants is this a party that you
think could in the near future further
deepen the the crisis in the
in Germany I absolutely think that part
of the problem is the political rhetoric
that comes from political parties like
the AFD but also globally from other
far-right and populist leaders that is
anti-immigrant and anti Islam and when
ordinary people who might kind of
privately hold racist opinions start to
see that validation and legitimation of
anti-immigrant anti Islam Islamophobic
and racist sentiments coming from
political leaders they feel empowered
and I think that gets amplified then
over social media and the way in which
people can kind of share share racist
thoughts that they might not have shared
prior to this kind of online space so I
think that's part of what we're seeing
here is that back and forth of
legitimation and activation mana how do
you respond to those who who would say
that this is not something which is a
particular about Germany because the
those who came who warned the elections
against the backdrop of xenophobic
anti-migrant narrative won elections in
broad Trump to the US allowed for the
brexit to happen and are now behind the
spectacular rise of the populist
movement in Europe yes I wouldn't say
that it's let's put it that way I would
agree with those who say that these
developments are not particular for
Germany not for Europe and maybe not
even for northern North America because
from from from my point of view from
that point of analysis one has to say
that racism in itself is a constitutive
element of all nation-state building of
how our societies our as in the Western
world of how our societies run so racism
is part and parcel of you know tap into
this nationalist societies or
nation-states has to be addressed in
order to be able to address all those
more extreme
more violent consequences that we see
from these kinds of societal structures
still being at play and I think that the
solutions that need to be found a should
lie in listening to the people who have
been warning against re strengthening of
the far right for years and years which
is mostly people of color organizations
like German organizations Jewish
organizations all the LGBTQI
organizations all those groups of people
and groups in society that have been
minorities for such a long time and have
been experiencing violence on a personal
and institutional level way before
Chemnitz happened way before the hostile
Asian Hagman happened way before moon
zoning and why a sphere to happen so I
think what needs to happen would have to
be basically a very yes let's say
radical shift in how society is
structured mm-hm Philip where does this
leave the governing coalition in Germany
well the ruling coalition it yes the
problem is the protestor the right-wing
extremists they have one a picture of an
enemy and this is Angela Merkel and of
course she is in a position now that she
has to reject that that she has to react
on it as well and this is exactly what
they want they want Angela Merkel to be
a person in the public they want to have
her making remarks that nobody likes
actually making a head of state and yes
and in the end they don't really care
about that they want to establish all
their things in the population and I
think right now the politics it's not
touching so much these events were
already used by one canister who
get there who was talking publicly and
yes that's it pretty much otherwise many
population politicians in Germany of
course call yes nor counter
demonstrations for showing the real
society and right-wing the real face of
Germany Cynthia I mean this here is the
dilemma for for angular Merkel the
governing coalition knows that it's poor
ratings are declining and therefore you
can easily detect that I'm moving
towards the white and this could explain
why they are not really being aggressive
when it comes to what's happening now in
Chemnitz
I think that part of what's happening is
that you know the governing coalition
anglo-america will have to continue to
assert what German what values Germany
stands for and continue to fight against
it and speak out more strongly rather
than have a muted response I think that
there is still a majority of Germans
obviously who stand very strongly
against this but I think you know one of
the things I want to add is that I think
while yes I totally agree with Munna
that it's important to to listen to
people of color and to people who are
being victimized I also think we have to
from within the governing coalition and
within the leadership of education
systems listen to people who are being
activated on the streets what is it that
they're responding to because I think
this anti-immigrant sentiment is
activating some other kind of deeper
emotional ideas about who belongs in the
nation and those conversations have to
start happening at the highest level if
we're going to actually address why
people are interested in participating
munna with the far-right building
momentum in the eastern part of the
country which has become some sort of a
stronghold for them could we say that
the far-right is likely to undermine the
basic tenets of what has been a liberal
inclusive society for more than five
decades well I mean here's the thing
when we call Germany and liberal
inclusive society then of course we will
find cases and evidence
that indeed Germany has certain
progressive laws and has certain
progressive opinions that are
represented in mainstream society but at
the same time on the other hand there
still have been lots of legislation and
laws and societal opinions that are far
less than inclusive and liberal there
have been university institutions and
universities researchers academics who
have been following German society
sentiments for decades in longitudinal
studies and they have found that a very
stable percentage of the German society
who either holds you know or strongly
holds views that would have to be called
deeply anti-liberal very traditional is
very conservative and not in the good
looking right into the area of far-right
mmm-hmm Philip this is going to be my
last question please in less than a
minute do you think that with Merkel
facing problems with the open-door
policy her last chance could be
improving the economy well the German
economy is actually very good and also
even in Chemnitz the economy is not not
so bad
of course there's a high percentage of
unemployment but in recent years it's
improved quite a lot and yeah of course
economic development is very important
in recent years the yeah the economy got
not too bad and of course economic
development is very important but on the
other hand it is not just the economy it
is these resentments are in the general
population thank you every sentiment
against migrants more in the East and
less in the West this has to be
addressed very much by politicians and
thank you as civil society as a whole
every single person is responsible for
such Kondo thank you behavior in the end
and has to fight such criticism Philip
Sauter Cynthia Miller address Manalo
Murray thank you very much indeed for
being on the program
and thank you too for watching you can
see the program again anytime by
visiting our website aljazeera.com for
further discussion go to our Facebook
page
that's facebook.com forward slash AJ
inside story you can also join the
conversation on twitter our handle is at
AJ inside story from e hashable of the
hot in here bye for now
you
