President Trump has long said NAFTA was
unfair to his country and he was visibly
pleased when he announced last Monday
that US and Mexican negotiators had
reached a deal to replace it Canada was
left out and Trump said the Canadians
had until Friday to give in to u.s.
demands so it could join the new pact
that deadline is passed with no deal and
Trump is keeping up the pressure because
I love Canada
but they've taken advantage of our
country for many years they have
tremendous tremendous trade barriers and
they have tremendous tariffs the
sticking points remain what they've been
four months US demands for access to
Canada's highly protected dairy industry
an Ottawa desire to keep independent
trade dispute resolution part of a new
nafta something the u.s. opposes
Canadian negotiators say they're still
hopeful they can reach a deal on an
agreement that doesn't leave Canada out
we know that a win-win when agreement is
within reach and that's what we're
working towards with goodwill and
flexibility on all sides I know we can
get there Canada's economy is highly
dependent on trade with the u.s. more
than a billion dollars a day in business
flows between the two countries
president Trump's threats to slap high
tariffs on Canadian built cars would be
disastrous for the country's workers and
manufacturers both the US and Mexico say
Canada can be part of a deal to replace
NAFTA many members of the US Congress
some of them from Donald Trump's
Republican Party agree but a
protectionist Trump administration has
so far been demanding far more than
Canada's negotiators have been prepared
to give Daniel a al Jazeera Toronto
