their message is loud and it is clear
they are the people whom their country
has forgotten neglected so they say by a
government that encourages tolerance and
integration on Thursday they took to the
streets of chemnitz to oppose a meeting
of solidarity between the main parties
taking place nearby and to highlight
their distrust of mainstream media
perhaps around a thousand people were
here protesting against the numbers of
migrants in Chemnitz in fact official
figures show only around one and a half
percent of the population here is from
Syria and Afghanistan this demonstration
was peaceful in stark contrast to the
scenes on Sunday and Monday when
thousands of far right and far left
protesters threw rocks bottles and
fireworks at each other and at the
police the violence flowed from the
events on Sunday morning when a German
national was fatally stabbed during an
altercation with two migrants in the
wake of that many people wondered if
they'd been collusion between elements
of the far-right and someone in the
judicial system on Thursday an official
admitted to having leaked the details of
the suspects he has been suspended on a
wider level this week many Germans have
been wondering at the strength of the
far-right in Saxony one local analyst
explained how their approach has shifted
say youth Facebook um Twitter and if
this should not suffice their two
telephone calls and they say well
something ugly has been happening here
we have to show that we do not agree
with that and we have to make clear that
there is many of us
the people here speak with a loud voice
and seemingly a united voice but their
numbers across Germany remain very small
but their message certainly is being
heard across this country the challenge
for the political elite is what they
will do about it
Dominic Kane al-jazeera Chemnitz
