this has been a crucial trade mission
for the British prime minister brexit is
less than a year away and to mitigate
the expected disruption in trade with
Europe the UK needs to strengthen
economic ties with Africa links which
have been allowed to decline in recent
years in 2001 the UK provided 10 percent
of Kenya's imports last year the figure
was barely 2% analysts say Teresa Mae's
raft of Technology partnership and
investment initiatives comes not a
minute too soon because there's huge
amount of investments from China and
even from the United States the largest
private equity firms from the United
States are investing in Africa at this
point of time Amazon has things like the
African regional Open Data initiatives
for example where they're collecting
huge amounts of data from this country
and the UK if they don't get in at this
point they're going to lose out the
World Bank forecasts Africa's economy
will grow by 3.2 percent this year and
3.5 percent next by 2025 Africa's GDP is
expected to be five point six trillion
dollars to tap into that potential the
UK is establishing several new programs
to improve coordination and support of
Africa's tech industry and at the same
time the UK's overseas aid budget is
being targeted at nurturing
entrepreneurs and encouraging
private-sector investment as I've said
this week I want to ensure that the UK's
relationship with Kenya and with Africa
is more and more about private
investment about doing business and
making the most of commercial
opportunities together here as elsewhere
in the continent we're using our age and
our investment partnerships to lift
countries out of poverty spread
stability and create jobs and prosperity
for the future corruption is a problem
estimated to result in more than 50
billion dollars of assets flowing out of
Africa every year on Thursday Theresa
May promised that any corrupt funds
originating from Kenya and seized in the
UK would be repaid to Nairobi this issue
of coming and saying now we can return
your money after investing and trading
it they should actually put the interest
that that money accrued and give it to
us and conditionally with apologies
because they are culpable of being
accessory to the theft and that's a
conspiracy and this is what has been
happening in 2016 the UK's trade with
Nigeria South Africa and Kenya Africa's
biggest economies totaled less than 17
billion dollars compare that to the 720
billion dollars of trade that the UK
enjoyed with the European Union that
year the Prime Minister will be pleased
with the largely positive headlines
she has received but the balance sheet
remains a concern Paul Brennan
al-jazeera
