al mualim says the government forces
will quote go all the way in ad lib the
province is home to some three million
people among them an estimated 10,000
fighters from al Qaeda and the news
refrance who were transferred from other
areas taken over by the government it is
those fighters that both Syria and
Russia Russia and Syria want wiped out
they are the Saudi the decision of the
Syrian leadership is to fight al nusra
front whatever the sacrifices are we are
ready to exert every possible effort not
to harm civilians whistle so the
variance lets you restore the
relationship with satisfaction that we
noted the majority of the Syrian Arab
Republic is now freed of terrorists what
we need now is to wipe out those
terrorist groups which persist
particularly in the de-escalation zone
amid libel and joining me now is
al-jazeera's senior political analyst
Marwan Bashara Marwan good to have you
on set so we heard there from the UN
asking for the violence not to escalate
there are millions of people there we've
also heard from Turkey asking for some
consideration for the refugee situation
do you think Russia is likely to listen
to either of those no I mean they will
listen but I'm not sure they will hear
exactly the the pleas from various
capitals including Ankara Riyadh and
other places Washington and so on and so
forth
because you see from the very beginning
the Russians have been quite consistent
since September 2015 when they intervene
militarily in Syria they've said
different things and they've heard
different things and they seemed to be
meaning different things but they were
very consistent that military comes
first political comes second the
humanitarian comes third they were also
very clear that there is no war in Syria
you know Russia is put up one of the
only countries in the world that refuses
to take refugees from Syria because
there is no war in Syria according to
the Russians there is only
counter-terror operations so the
Russians have been consistent unlike all
others unlike the Turks and the Iranians
and the Israelis and everyone
else they have been quite consistent and
I think they're going to see or they're
going to follow through on their threat
to intervene to launch their offensive
against ad lib and there's going to be a
very high human cost and given that the
Russians though have asked the
international community to help with
Syria once they have completed this
offensive why is that what are they
looking for now look in the end of the
day Syria is really paralyzed Syria is
on its knees it's going to be very
difficult for the Russians and the
Syrian regime once they win the war
militarily for them to carry any serious
reconstruction of the country because
that's going to be expensive and they
understand that for Syria to move
forward especially if Assad as Russia
insists must stay it's gonna be
impossible in the moment to move forward
without Western or international
assistance without Western international
investment without Western or
international support
so while Russia can win militarily on
the ground while they can repeat for
example what the Americans didn't muscle
defeat ISIL at the huge human cost but
unlike an Musel where the Rockies is a
rich oil country supported by the United
States in the case of Syria it's been in
a civil war for several years several
hundreds of thousand people died
millions of refugees half of the country
is displaced and most of it is destroyed
that requires help so it's the law
they're calling it a lost rebel
stronghold it's the civil war over once
Russia and Syria take over it live is
this going to be back a country that
goes back to Bashar al-assad is
governing it you know I think the old
wisdom is you can't step in the same
river twice because it's just the nature
of things it's just impossible it's
wishful thinking for anyone to think
we're going to go back to the pre to
eleven first of all because nature
changes things change and seriously
serious change and not only because you
can't step in that one river twice it's
because after the rivers of blood in
Syria Bashar al-assad's not going to be
governing like he covered or ruling like
he ruled before 2011 the country is
divided as I said earlier the country is
destroyed it's on its knees the hatreds
today run deep there is no room for
reconciliations because the Assad regime
only wants to win not to reconcile
because the whole understanding from
2012 that needs to be a transitional
body with executive powers is now
completely sidelined in favor of Russia
supporting Assad in order to defeat
everything including the moderate
opposition the liberal opposition the
Democratic opposition in addition to the
extremist jihadis and so on so forth and
I think that will lead to more of the
same tragedies I think the country will
remain divided I don't see a political
future for Assad even though Moscow
insists on it Marwan Bashara
thank you so much as always good to get
your take on this thank you
