vying for a view in Venice as the
celebrities arrived for the start of the
75th Film Festival there was plenty to
get excited about
whichever film goes on to take the top
prize here in Venice what's clear is
that is a great depth and a great
variety of films on offer here critics
are saying this is one of the strongest
selections in many many years the
opening film comes courtesy of Damien
Chazelle whose last movie la-la-land
also kicked off this festival two years
ago before winning six Oscars first man
is the story of how NASA astronaut Neil
Armstrong became the first person to set
foot on the moon
risks that we have every intention in
coming there there are strong
performances from Ryan Gosling in the
lead role and from Claire Foy who plays
Armstrong's first wife Janet
another true story in the running is
Peterloo by british festival favourite
Mike Lee it's a historical drama set in
19th century northern England but should
resonate with audiences around the world
when cavalry rode into a huge crowd had
gathered to demand democratic reforms it
became known as the Peterloo massacre
roma by alfonso cuarón is set in the
more recent past it's about a 1970s
family in Mexico where Quarren grew up
like his last film gravity which won the
Oscar for Best Director it's visually
stunning and it's one of 21 titles
competing for Venice's top prize the
Golden Lion will probably stop speaking
to each other because the selection this
year is incredibly rich and incredibly
powerful or task is not easy
but I believe that we are like midwives
or sharing new life into the world of
cinema and I know that of all the
festivals in the world menís is one of
the rare ones that can actually change
the life of a filmmaker no matter what
point of the career that will make her
maybe end and over the next week and a
half there's a world of cinema on offer
here for big blockbusters to the most
intimate documentaries proving variety
and Venice go hand in hand
Nadine Barber al Jazeera at the Venice
Film Festival
