the encounter began before dawn when the
french fishing flotilla confronted a
handful of british scallop boats fishing
perfectly legally in international
waters first came to verbal insults then
as the french boats crowded the british
and began hurling smoke bombs metal
shackles and flares the situation became
progressively more violent and
extraordinarily dangerous
we had rocks thrown ass shackles flares
bottles of old dirty oil eggs you name
it
whatever they had they threw it they
shot ropes across the front of us to try
and foul off prop as well the French
Navy was row alongside didn't intervene
they called him up no answer
they called the Coast Guard up no answer
from the Coast Guard yeah not very good
but the French crews are unapologetic
aggrieved because their government
prevents them from fishing for scallops
until October the 1st while the British
boats have no such restriction we have
quotas we have restricted ours
the British don't have anything like
that they come they dredge they fill up
and then they go home there you go it's
symptomatic of the simmering tension
created by the imminent brexit despite
contributing less than not 0.5% of the
UK's GDP the fishing industry has become
totemic in the brexit debate
repatriating the fishing rights
currently held by other EU fleets will
be complex and face stern resistance but
the British government insists bricks it
will mean UK fishermen keeping a larger
share of the fish Court in UK domestic
waters once we take back control we will
be operating under a United Nations
agreement called um clause and what that
says is our fleet can take as much as
they are able to and it's only the
surplus that can be made available for
other member states and it's not just EU
Member States it's other nations to come
in and finish French and British
Fisheries officials are urging calm and
have agreed to talks to try to defuse
the tension but this was just the end of
one battle not the end of the war Paul
Brennan al-jazeera
