he was known in boxing circles as the
dingo
Dexter done worth was once one of the
oldest professional boxers in the world
but retired a decade ago the 62 year old
says he's received that many knocks to
the head and he feels compelled to
donate his brain to research your job is
getting hit in the head for a living
that definitely can't be a good thing
and I suppose being a professional boxer
that sort of basically it
I've been concussed probably at least
half a dozen times yes but yeah your
ways seem to recover pretty pretty
quickly but who knows the long-term
effects dexter hopes his pledge will
help researchers better understand the
impact of head knocks like this the
impact of such hits to the head have
been linked to diseases like chronic
traumatic encephalopathy or CTE a
degenerative brain condition
internationally the disease has been
found in boxes american football players
and was recently diagnosed for the first
time in an australian rugby union player
but Australian researchers say it needs
to examine the brains of former athletes
who played other high impact sports like
the Australian Football League and the
National Rugby League to get a more
comprehensive picture of the risks
involved to players once we had one or
two cases from those codes
the conversation will change that will
be that it definitely is here and then
we need to work harder to try and
identify the incidence and the risk
factors and what we can do to prevent it
the disease has been found in 99% of the
brains of NFL players examined in the
u.s. at the sister brain Bank of this
one here in Sydney that sparked a
billion-dollar class-action lawsuit
there and already similar legal cases
are being launched here Australian
sporting bodies say they're enacting
tougher guidelines for treating
concussions including employing head
impact spotters during matches and
funding research so far 40 Australian
sportsmen have pledged their brain to
the sports brain bank it's calling for
more donations in the hope it's research
can help better protect present and
future athletes Yarber mohim al jazeera
Sydney
