it's known as the peace palace but the
chance of the court here the highest
legal body of the United Nations
bringing an end to the hostile
environments between the u.s. and Iran
was never going to be hi lawyers from
both countries have presented their
cases to the court iran arguing that the
american decision to pull out of the
nuclear deal and reimpose sanctions
broken agreements of friendship between
the countries dating back to 1955 faced
with mounting economic pressure and
since attempt to settle the dispute
through diplomatic means did not succeed
iran had no other choice but to seize
the International Court of Justice with
the present requests on 16 July 2018 and
they said sanctions were crippling the
Iranian economy in areas ranging from
investments in renewable energy to
aircraft parts oil exports and the
Iranian currency itself the measures are
intended to and do bite deeply into the
key areas of Iran's economy and they
also bite into the health well-being and
safety of its citizens as well as of its
companies but in response the US said
that the Iranian claimed that it was
guilty of unfriendly actions was deeply
hypocritical given the anti-american
sentiments and actions taken by Iran
since the Islamic Revolution of 1979 and
that the Iranians were deliberately
confusing legal and political issues mr.
president Iran's request warrants
another observation before I proceed it
rests on the basis of a treaty whose
central purpose friendship with the
United States Iran has expressly and
repeatedly disavowed since 1979 in its
words and actions by sponsoring
terrorism and other malign activity
against United States citizens and
interests in other words the situation
that the parties find themselves in
today is nowhere near what was
contemplated when the treaty was
concluded in 1955 for all of the
American attempts here to destroy the
Iranian case there is an argument that
suggests that politically speaking this
might be quite a useful exercise for the
American governments because the people
arguing that the US was within its right
to withdraw from the nuclear deal and
that the sanctions imposed on Iran
aren't anything like as harmful as the
Iranian side says are not hardcore
supporters of President Trump they're
lawyers working for the State
Department's the panel of judges will
not make a decision this week on Iran's
case and whatever they do decide may
easily be ignored by the United States
Lawrence Li al-jazeera
