on the 10th of May 2018 the wife of a
Libyan politician and her lawyers held
up an historic document a letter of
apology from the British prime minister
the UK lost its way when it got mixed up
in the rendition of an innocent pregnant
woman and an anti Qaddafi dissident but
today I think it stood on the right side
of history by recognising its mistakes
and by apologizing Abdul Hakim Bell Hajj
and his wife Fatima Bouchard had been
fighting for six years to get the
British government to admit it rendered
them handed them over to the regime of
Muammar Gaddafi in 2004 knowing that as
Libyan dissidents they would be in
serious personal danger on behalf of Her
Majesty's Government I apologize
unreservedly we are profoundly sorry for
the ordeal which you both suffered and
our role in it this film follows the
troubling story of the opponents of
Gaddafi who were imprisoned tortured and
in some cases killed because the UK US
and other Western governments colluded
in a web of unlawful rendition
Colonel Muammar Gaddafi was the Libyan
leader from 1969 to 2011 he was a
controversial figure with an ambiguous
relationship with the West his erratic
behavior made it easy for the US and
Europe to portray him as an
out-of-control figure behind terrorist
attacks conspiracies and scandals but
there was more to this relationship than
was obvious at the time in 2004 the West
suddenly rebranded Gadhafi from public
enemy number one to their new best
friend but all the while Gaddafi's
intelligence service the CIA and the
British mi6 cooperated with each other
in ways few suspected at the time
one such case was that of in a shake al
Libi he said to have run a military camp
in Afghanistan he was captured by the
Pakistanis in Afghanistan after the fall
of the Taliban in 2001 and then handed
over to the Americans at Bagram Air Base
for interrogation by the FBI but the CIA
decided al Libi was a high-ranking al
Qaeda figure and sent him to Egypt to be
interrogated the information he provided
under torture may not have been reliable
but was nevertheless used by the u.s. to
demonstrate a connection between saddam
hussein and al qaeda
to justify the 2003 Iraq war around 2005
2006 al Libi was then handed over by the
u.s. to Libya in the process known as
rendition in 2009 he was found dead in
his prison cell in Tripoli after having
supposedly committed suicide
humanitarian organizations questioned
the suicide including Human Rights Watch
who visited our Libby just before his
death the case of even--she Calabi is
one of the more disturbing ones because
we know that the u.s. rendered him
unlawfully into egyptian custody and he
was tortured brutally both in the US and
in Egyptian custody and the result of
that torture produced false intelligence
that led was used as as reason to go to
war in Iraq and as a result of that war
Iraqi you know many civilians Iraqi
civilians US forces lost their lives
it's disturbing because it's an also
proof and evidence that torture doesn't
work that it produces false intelligence
on many occasions how about any of them
on celebrated machiraju matter you don't
know how about everything
a Libby was a victim of collusion
between the u.s. the UK and Libya which
dated back to the 9/11 attacks on New
York and Washington DC
after the Libyan revolution in 2011
thousands of secret Libyan American and
British intelligence documents were
found they painted a dark picture of the
real relationship between the three
countries which led directly to our
Libby's rendition and torture precision
of alarm
I had the door editor share one of them
with him yahuwah yes telefilm be a Shia
Hawaii born Aleutian I left her becomes
evil Qaeda Sheikh Osama bin Laden Oh
kind of Medina and Amira low temperature
healer in a muscle OSI hot item turkey
from a physician's reiative al mahalla
making a final attempt available chef
may be multiple dilemmas
we must have dependable Masseria cannot
predict Omar Suleiman Magus or Esteban
Nicola be the pole there Misha 10y a
Libby's nephew says the torture started
in Afghanistan but then continued in
other prisons around the world in Egypt
Morocco Guantanamo Bay Alaska and
Ukraine for five years in a saloon are
they are they are tariffs Tavi what did
in Fe Allah amasova being al Qaeda / be
enough cetera see Osama battle maluma
Hadi mahabharatam Austria sorrow but
it's low does America
Olivia's information about so-called
weapons of mass destruction is widely
thought to have been used by the US as
evidence of Saddam Hussein's possession
of WMDs in Iraq one last thing you
pointed out that you were warned I
believe by by the Egyptian President
Mubarak I believe Mubarak told you Tommy
yeah tommy franks that saddam had
biological weapons be ready yeah look
everybody thought in here the
international community has clearly
demonstrated that it is fed up was a did
a process which has been going on for 12
years trying to disarm Iraq from its
weapons of mass destruction this report
by Libyan intelligence the external
security organization or ESO shows
details of a meeting with the CIA as it
planned to invade Saddam Hussein's Iraq
in 2003 the u.s. needed to prepare
public opinion for the attack
getting Libya on board was key to that
strategy
but the Iraq war went badly for the
Western Allies no evidence of dangerous
weapons was found and the lack of a
post-war strategy plunged the country
into chaos
gaddafi then seized the moment in a
dramatic bid to ingratiate himself with
the west and have sanctions on libya
lifted he claimed to have WMDs and
offered to surrender them desperate to
put a positive spin on their mission to
destroy weapons in the Middle East the
US and UK led the way in rehabilitating
Gaddafi almost overnight Libya was no
longer part of the axis of evil in
return a lucrative oil and gas deal was
signed and it was then that the CIA and
mi6 began increasing their renditions of
Libyan dissidents to the Gaddafi regime
horizon but it's now thought the
relationship between the head of the ESO
Moussa Koussa and Western intelligence
went back much earlier than the
aftermath of the 2003 invasion of Iraq
rapprochement between the two states
gathered pace after 9/11 British
intelligence held a meeting with Moussa
Koussa
in the week after 9/11 and the following
November November 2001 British and
Libyan intelligence officers held a
summit over several days at a hotel us
of airport in Europe and of a German and
Austrian intelligence office is also
present and there was a growing
agreement at that point that the Libyans
could be quite useful to the worst being
useful to the West was what Gaddafi was
aiming for and the West fell for it but
at a price
rendition
this 2012 Human Rights Watch report
delivered into enemy hands details the
process and several cases including that
of in Nashik our Libyan agreements
reached that the British and the Libyans
would start recruiting agents jointly
from the Libyan agents who would would
help them to spy on al-qaeda the
rehabilitation of Gaddafi took place
under British Prime Minister Tony Blair
and when Gordon Brown took over from
Blair in June 2007 the friendly momentum
continued
the london-based human rights
organization reprieve has closely
monitored renditions for many years
lawyer Corey credo specialized in cases
involving Libya you remembered the deal
in the desert in 2004 is that Gaddafi
says oh well I'm joining the community
of nations everybody was right you know
the world I've looked at Iraq and you
know I don't want to go that way and all
the rest of it so this president has
given to him but the reality is of
course what happened after that the
sanctions were lifted British Petroleum
and other companies were able to come in
and start doing business to the tune of
millions in fact billions of dollars al
Jazeera made requests to interview Tony
Blair in 2014 but his office said he was
not available the producers also asked
to interview former British Foreign
Minister Jack Straw who was responsible
for British intelligence mi6
at the time of the renditions but his
office said he didn't have time
neither was therefore able to shed light
on rendition cases like that of em now
sheikh al Libi sheikh ali be was
returned in two to libyan custody and
you know we met him two weeks before he
supposedly committed suicide in his cell
and when that happened we raised
concerns about the circumstances
surrounding his death we were concerned
that it was not actually a suicide al
Libi was allowed a single visit from his
family in April 2009 while in Libyan
detention this video shows him
apparently comfortable and his family
had no reason to suspect he might soon
take his own life
currently our diffusion tension tension
can holidays only had better the
dominance of had an idea
I'm a standard-issue ya girl American
and are evaluating the heroin bill
americano the Helana of the Harley Rock
okay then mini turtle okra what what did
what daddy Tom and American Hannah farad
thereafter who jumps aboard officially
be how our economy silicon both or
William you know more highly more select
Nestle myeloma who were after bad oral
surgeon cab which I didn't who can you
send message novella me any little hole
what other belief he can use a massage
novel on the US is said to have handed
over ignore shake our Libby to the
Libyan external security organization in
Afghanistan a vanilla smell of Hawaii I
mean Olivia comet BRR BRR BRR still
madam the ship and leave me miserable
anarchy in May 2009 al Libi was found
dead in his prison cell only two days
after that Gaddafi's fourth son water
seemed acting as Libyan National
Security Advisor and that US Secretary
of State Hillary Clinton is in
Washington DC we deeply value the
relationship between the United States
and Libya we have many opportunities to
deepen and broaden our cooperation and
I'm very much looking forward to
building on this relationship so mr.
Minister welcome so much here but
rescission human being how are hamsa
know what was it so no it can't be any
Mukhin like at a fascinator sharp cancer
I am if the for chronically Stalin it
Human Rights Watch asked for an
investigation into him now shake our
Libby suicide but he was buried and no
Libyan inquiry was held into his death
so the photographs are very disturbing
when al Libi reportedly committed
suicide in Libyan prison we questioned
whether or not was really a suicide and
these photographs reveal things that
make it seem as though you know the it
might not have legitimately been a
suicide
Gaddafi never allowed any form of
opposition within Libya a prominent
dissident group was the Libyan Islamic
fighting group the LIF G whom Gaddafi
accused of having links to al-qaeda
Gaddafi's jails had an appalling
reputation for mistreatment and torture
particularly of political prisoners this
mobile phone video purports to have been
shot in Abu Salim prison in Tripoli
Human Rights Watch and Amnesty
International have both reported
hundreds of deaths in Abu Salim although
the figures have never been
independently verified or human remains
found if Western intelligence services
knowingly colluded in the torture of
Libyan dissidents in this way they
certainly have a case to answer the
Western agenda was to establish a
connection between Saddam Hussein and
al-qaeda whereas Gaddafi wanted to link
Libyan dissident groups to the new
relationship with Gaddafi spread and
there are allegations that he illegally
funded in Nicolas Sarkozy's 2007 French
presidential campaign Sarkozy has been
charged with illegal campaign financing
he denies the charges and the case is
yet to reach the French courts Gaddafi
was welcomed across Europe a far cry
from his 80s image as quote the Mad Dog
of the Middle East
mr. Kumar Olivia I shared that but at
the same time opponents of Gaddafi like
Abdul Hakim barrage and Sami al-saadi of
the Libyan Islamic fighting group the Li
FG were arrested and rendered by British
intelligence mi6 to Gaddafi's external
security organization Congo to destroy
matter how i re-arose behind tape most
tomorrow but in health Vita Yara
Masseria Hamas area button what a huge
fear they associati to say a little soul
in a ballad
I mean Ophion FC what manaphy had higher
t well e SF and hemos a little myeloma
in a sephora tell Monica Mata Haider
Olynyk asafetida ogier de bretagne like
our transit fee Bangkok Thailand 4G to
an anomaly here accountable on top of
FEMA par Bangkok which is to him apart
Bangkok an unique assistance a trillion
yet bio curtain Mahabharat america CIA
but rendition had the lid blown of it
when in the wake of the Libyan
revolution in 2011 correspondence was
found that pointed to Western collusion
in 2011 after Tripoli was liberated some
human rights activists and some
revolutionaries found an incredible
cache of documents in what appeared to
be the abandoned office of Musa Kusa
than the head of Libya's security
services and in those documents for the
first time ever we saw evidence showing
that there was a joint plot in 2004 to
kidnap at the Hakim Bell Hajj and his
pregnant wife as well as the Libyan man
Samuel Saudi his wife and his four
children from exile in Southeast Asia
and render them in other words kidnapped
them and send them back to for that fee
welcome to us my lady
minun I will cattlemen is Ken Hammond in
there and bothered her asshole in the
house Oh JT were early in FCN walk to
and then ayat' arabic photography a
little toy soldier finished a Fatah
gonna turn in wanna me manage Kalima
the CIA took them separated them and
held them for several days at a black
site that's a secret prison near the
Bangkok Airport
both of them were chained to the wall
separately
mistreated Bell Hajj was beaten hooded
all the rest of it then they were put on
an infamous CIA rendition plane one of
these planes that the CIA flew people
around the world to be tortured on them
happily be added Manila mineral country
body what the Lord if he cannot kill
have developed if he had forgotten why
tomorrow I have to assess to be and if
he
popular wealth none and a wrestler
Claire I've given any decorative part
the case of abdel hakim barrage and his
wife goes back to 2004 the couple were
planning to seek asylum in the UK but
they were persuaded by the British to
travel to London via Bangkok there they
were arrested and tortured before being
rendered to Libyan intelligence headed
by Moussa Koussa
barely eleven Moussa Koussa
man an American botany
only Allah often equal to Yahoo member
elana Moustakas can Hanukkah turkeys Ana
Andy listen to the al-kibriya
canon hadith how the fire will emanate
latavia or in the color de cámara now
hodges fellow dissident Sammy Mustafa
al-saadi also says he was rendered to
the Libyans by the British on the
grounds that he was somehow connected to
the group responsible for 9/11 al Qaeda
cattle tactic art African maluma cotton
which I did almost elephant my cannon
was a man Analia was on a tear and why
he lamented al-qaradawi lemnoc valentim
al Qaeda cannot amend and academia call
it a bomb Libya
okay Thurmond led Nakano fake Abulafia
Kandahar Alfie Buxton
Aruba Yallah moon Hideko de la mañana
Vietnam fell Hammond was telephone
rights in the condemned Qaeda Abdul
Hakim Bell Hajj and Sammy al-saadi were
released from prison in Libya in 2010
and 2011 respectively
convinced of UK involvement in their
rendition in 2012 they decided to sue
the British government in the civil
court for handing them over to the
Libyans to be imprisoned and tortured
the British government is worried about
apologizing because they feel that if
they do that there's a risk that former
Security Service people who were
involved in this kidnapping my me
prosecuted and might go to jail in may
twenty eighty a Libyan politician and
his wife received a full apology from
the British government for having been
rendered handed over by mi6 to the
Gaddafi regime where they were
imprisoned and tortured they were just
two of hundreds of Gaddafi's opponents
who were picked up abroad and handed
over in a collusion between Western
intelligence and the Libyans beginning
at a time when Gaddafi was supposed to
be an enemy of the West
Bell Haj and fellow dissident Sami
al-saadi sued the British government in
2012 they were represented by human
rights lawyers in London interviewed
here in 2015 while the case was still
going on well the key documents that we
saw we're what appeared to be faxes and
correspondence between firstly what
appeared to be from mi6 to the Libyan
authorities notifying them of the
presence of abdul hakeem bal hadron his
wife fatima at that time in malaysia
well the government has served very
blank defences so far basically saying
it can neither confirm nor deny the
events even those events that are
supported by the documentation and what
they have instead done is try to get the
case struck out of court by saying that
because the allegations involve the US
and others
States Libya Malaysia that it would be
the courts here don't have jurisdiction
to deal with it that it would be wrong
for courts here to possibly criticize
the actions of other states
at first the UK government basically
said you can't hear these cases at all
here in Britain because it will harm our
relationship with the United States the
Americans will all be terribly upset
about it and so forth 18 field ID how it
is in our washer oh I didn't know
Killian Idol season in Germany lucky to
fihi if you have a Magna Octavio Becerra
wat till eternity of come to visions an
abaya Co contour any anime in Kentucky
theology FEMA set-associative occur at
malawach Kaaba the heart of a drop and
time limited to actually know me seven
of cause of GTA Doudna a moment on all
time American ally if you have a
decision one of the thousands of papers
found after the Revolution in 2011 was
this one marked top secret it refers to
Libya u.s. cooperation and to a list of
names of so called traitors which was
given to the Americans can to food
mineral dual a large area that Hockman
and Jacques seen haka common American
retain Vicente Jorah while foreign scene
while Italy
well English inestimable vehicle tacit a
lambda T three little fat alone
summer bar then the Abdullah more banal
been and ferry from leaky war effort
Juanita Metacritic and anonymous
Kawasaki live illicit really based on
Damon cried Willoughby eight on the
harsh Libya workability nahi be really
careful tanana G by E is 1 one of the
module animal fairy from African America
where they had that I am an attack
referred good to lament and a
marvelously
and
savannah is also true no and the
component obiously merely she has a man
Libya who led a party to any final and
consult and hospital asila 30-hour
elaborately be okay who Nikita Owen was
he president didn't allege still Emilia
one of the most significant finds in
Tripoli was a letter written by Sir Mark
Allen then head of counterintelligence
at mi6 in March 2004 to the hand of the
Libyan ESO Moussa Koussa it says quote I
congratulate you on the safe arrival of
Abu Abdullah Sadiq meaning Mel Hajj this
was the least we could do for you and
for Libya to demonstrate the remarkable
relationship we have built over the
years I am so glad at the British
security services the CIA and the
Libyans kidnapped children between the
ages of six and south 12 and sent them
to Gaddafi a yak via Napoleon 11 t sorry
Erica no grass it's a nawat and the
Mataura
occupied one pub on one occasion as well
dan I was in a ballroom one who would
fill ad
what the hooey what they need was shit
air Delhi the civil cases of Abdul Hakim
barrage and Samuel Soddy run side by
side but aside he accepted an offer of
compensation by the British government
bail harsh however wanted a full apology
from the government the former foreign
secretary and former head of
counterintelligence at mi6 the British
government settled that case in December
2012 for 2.2 million pounds I'm a surety
maja mean Ron Zook Tessa
Lizzie hot tub and a new falafel for the
year so I think that we know really what
the truth is here and that the British
government knows that it has a case to
answer Abdul Haq and Bill Hajj won't
accept such a settlement because he
wants an apology
he's made it clear that he wants he
wants a British Goodman to apologise for
what was done to him and also what was
done to his wife mr. Bell Hajj for his
part he's offered to drop his case and
walk away from his civil court case for
just three pounds one from Sir Mark
Allen one from Jack Straw and one from
the government and an apology and that's
the real problem the British government
is worried about apologizing because
they feel that if they do that there's a
risk that former Security Service people
who were involved in this kidnapping my
me prosecuted in might go to jail
monitored even Hawaa and yeah I tell if
a nurse we had a lotta reacted Iran and
if you build up a Surya
Cantona condom at national and I will be
it has to be many our second learning
Lama what I love too many economic
ratted on a tear our family hottia
Hannity him Committee elected on her
went a hill number if it is proved that
British officials did torture anyone
whether in the UK or abroad or involved
complicit in their torture they need to
be held to account under criminal law in
the UK
I'm actually pretty confident that the
Supreme Court of Britain
is going to say that of course torture
victims have to have their day in court
but the reality is the government will
always seek to delay it's an incredibly
embarrassing case what case could be
more embarrassing than British security
services kidnapping pregnant ladies and
sending them back to dictators like
Gaddafi it doesn't get any worse for
them while the British government
settled with Sami al-saadi the US
government appears so far to have
ignored the whole rendition issue even
though papers discovered in 2011 point
clearly to their involvement according
to Human Rights Watch documents showed
that the CIA kidnapped
Khalid al Sharif and Mustafa are mocked
in Judah and rendered them to the
Libyans the men say they were detained
and interrogated in Afghanistan for over
a year the documents that were we found
in the Libyan intelligence ministry were
very troubling
they showed a level of cooperation
between the United States the United
Kingdom and the CIA in their rendition
of a number unlawful rendition of a
number of individuals who were enemies
of Gaddafi back to Libya it shows a deep
level of collusion between the US and
the UK and Libya rendering individuals
into Gaddafi's hands at a time when we
knew that Gaddafi was mistreating and
abusing detainees in custody
Congress off button
Mishu ha just Lehman in an alarm and
Qaddafi leader typography not even a
number case even a sharpness even now
even I do them Rita welcome the
immediate American was a hammer until
and I did mineralogy Moroccan Masood are
they attacking my calendar Manolo Kayla
McKenna her me not IR a sofa that
economy well Karuna Bertha Truman Muslim
Abed alarum about the United States
believes and promotes itself as a
country that believes in the rule of law
and abides by its international legal
obligations but we know for a fact that
the US has not done so in many cases
especially with regards to its detention
practices yes yeah listen yesterday me
and yet coral yeah was a treatment
marabous lemur fact are about to head
pocket more brutal helped by Bill Hadid
would the comes ashore camera
she made it more difficult for the Bush
administration to carry out its program
of torture they continue to do so but in
in a different kind of way and since the
President Obama took office he did ban
the use of enhanced interrogation
techniques and actually has called the
practices that occurred during the CIA
torture program torture the u.s.
unlawfully rendered numerous individuals
into Libyan custody where they knew that
they were going to be they were going to
be likely tortured and abused but in
addition before they even did that they
held several of them in CIA detention
and tortured them brutally themselves so
yes it's a double standard and a double
standard that the US absolutely has to
account for if it ever wants to put this
dark chapter in its history behind it
under Muslim and American
my socks yes an argument couple an
American disagreement yamato ha
ho capito Mattel Human Rights Watch oh
my god the monthly with our mothers
al-jazeera asked the CIA to comment on
all of these allegations but they did
not reply there's evidence that it
wasn't just British and American
intelligence who colluded with the
Libyans Canada may have also been
involved most of a clear a Canadian
citizen of Libyan descent says he was
tracked kidnapped and rendered the
Libyan intelligence he says he was
accused of having links with so-called
international terrorism but that this
has never been proved contort evenly
Masjid TV want via a small Macedon or
well can hoon Akash house anytime a nude
Mary Moore Amanda Murray be at Corona
had the last hostage Anita Tamara
McCauley and read and
my en una few Canada at least I'm very
nearly deny must convene with release
time after the murder a little more
finesse in Delta to the third rail on
the colony dynamic and in theory
Lester harder to themself nephew a
Canada Fedora Tecate
for can you read any admitted a famed
aliens invade another Roger Allam al
Kennedy in correspondence between
Lebanon telogen sand the Canadians is a
letter from the Libyans saying thank you
for the information about the arrest of
the Canadian citizen must affirm
Mohammed clear otherwise known as Fidel
of the LIF G in the summer of 2002 we
greatly value the information we have
received genital worried the hisab a
bulletin fe film especially in area has
definitely an akuna Buridan dominant and
hot arid desert off any vocal to Lamar
Allen and Mahabharata Lama Deucalion
masala hawa well are too neat a cadet
and now and iam Estonia had was a
disease and motor Amin
were Rudo
mashite fulamatu bong soo jin philosophy
motto Kahuna feel sick - video tomorrow
concealer in Zara but a trowel is an
attain certain motion layer if une année
a Mossad solid lead
Maharaj has a linear and going to cut
come to be her in a mood in Mohave
amrican
very neither
Matakana anti meketa and Fernando
Fernando Fidel was all food animal food
an affordable food a no phenomena never
that any etosha who could in Manama
telephone female mud the tikka laser
will incur limited when I will hardly be
America it Latin according to Korea
the Libyans had information on him that
they could only have obtained through
collusion with Canadian or American
intelligence this would again have been
at a time when Gaddafi was still
considered an enemy of the West in
melanoma minimis tahini ecology has
elaborate Olivia Mary phobia
LM Takumi has Mahabharat a thoroughly
America all Kenneth tie-rod meadow who
taught him how acabar I can't attend FC
lemon seigneur de fer de well ma you
temper the anime and you forgot veña
veña method ENSO jetty and I could not a
Jewish violently maharaj - ill and unik
Raziel the freedmen an ocean and so yet
when any foreign tanaka kumoi
here if you only had a gentleman and
Rohini I'm a telemedicine horrible beaut
what - Tito sir with a she didn't of
thought had advocate ear mineral verbal
undersea you and fellow here a this
document says that the Americans wanted
to know whether Mustafa Muhammad clear
had any information that might assist
the 9/11 investigation
Sabra tell America whether at Mary Lou
Essaouira Judea hata was a lot that
Amara
in I had Caribbean mini seditious
conjure Hawaiian quneitra d'Italia
Catherine had were Adobe my blood Mary
no are Fink an orgy I'm like in Adobe my
blog Walker drew Hamza all eighteen elf
dinner dual are well clearly a majority
owner of the Athena be Mohammed and most
of
Nilda contact Abhimanyu my twin Rahu and
Ong Ong but in jazz Varanasi and elastin
aspheric and out the hasan america the
orchid orchid orchid well I'm a clean
body which are not here in US but I al
Jazeera asked the Canadian Security
Intelligence Service to comment on most
of éclairs allegations they reply to say
they do not comment publicly on specific
cases but they added our exchanges with
foreign agencies are always guided by
applicable law ministerial direction and
a robust suite of internal policies all
to ensure that CSIS is not complicit
directly or indirectly in the
mistreatment of any individual and that
everything we do to keep Canada safe is
consistent with Canadian values al
Jazeera came across another case that of
Ibrahim was here another Libyan opponent
of Qaddafi this time in Ireland he says
he was detained for questioning by the
Irish authorities before the visit of
George W Bush to Ireland in June 2004
this led to media stories saying he had
links to al-qaeda
but it'll more Aqaba
remember death September budget amudha
Hammett oh I'll do him a debt Murat felt
added Marat Marat are by M canal Atlanta
less maybe Derek Mara Martine Mara Mara
or more acaba Doria
oh that homage abrir una muzaffer Oh
covetous Abbate cocoa fat Mahama Lottie
canvas officious campaign give me a
whole ham llama throw out the
diffusional
al-hasa North Audrey and a little Sultan
can fit down amenable build America with
Lundy oh yeah
I mean maybe Holly Moustakas on 113 that
usual mean Brittani al-bashir says that
none of the charges against him in
ireland was ever proved but that he was
nevertheless put under house arrest and
subject to travel restrictions valid
when the Queen Eater SIA SIA of the
manera Pokemon a bell Authority a loser
for all English oh I need her mattress
might be tested
no exceptions Cara Televisa remembers
into a honey we had a llama America
hallucinogen even nucleonic and a
massive cut the raffia Amish every Ally
to suffer misery am I am adopted alum
column you could just burn unit at her
talk of mineral grains aha Oh Elsa
bizarre not sad
Oh mother show our talk of the movie
sanam but very kayla has a bloody burn
unit Italia
a kill happen that are they all fucking
with each other al Jazeera asked the
Irish authorities to comment on mr.
al-bashir statement the Justice Ministry
replied to say that they do not comment
on individual cases they went on to say
that given the International nature of
threat from jihadist type terrorism the
authorities here work closely on an
ongoing basis with their international
counterparts in identifying and managing
flights in this area if revenge is a
dish best served cold
meanwhile back in the UK the wheels of
justice had been turning in the case of
a de Hakim Bell Hajj on the 10th of May
2018 there was a dramatic development
the head of the British government Prime
Minister Theresa May sent a letter of
apology to Bell Hajj and his wife Fatima
and in the British Parliament the senior
lawyer the Attorney General made an
announcement on behalf of Her Majesty's
Government I apologise unreservedly we
are profoundly sorry for the ordeal
which you both suffered and our role in
it the Hajj had been waiting 14 years
for this moment so his response was
direct Catania and at her party very her
be well be so jetty and whom will be the
funniest affair didn't had a terrible
Fatima Busha and their lawyers showed
the prime minister's letter of apology
to the assembled journalists the UK lost
its way when it got mixed up in the
rendition of an innocent pregnant woman
in an anti Qaddafi dissident but today I
think it stood on the right side of
history by recognizing its mistakes and
by apologizing
it's important to note that although the
British government apologized for
rendering the Baha J's to Libya former
foreign minister Jack Straw and former
head of counterintelligence at mi6
Sir Mark Allen have not admitted
personal responsibility or any
wrongdoing in the case of Abdul Hakim
bel Hajj and Fatima Bhushan furthermore
in October 2011 the former head of
Libyan intelligence Musa Kusa publicly
denied any complicity in the torture of
political detainees or in the 1996
massacre at Abu Salim prison al Jazeera
spoke to Korey credo
after the British government apology for
me the most important moment when the
British government apologized in May was
the part of the prime minister's letter
where she essentially says we believe
you abdul hakeem in fatima had to relive
the absolute bottom the worst moments of
their lives for six and a half years to
fight this case and we know how
survivors of torture and abuse like
theirs are often silenced and
disbelieved so for the prime minister of
the united kingdom to say in her apology
we believe what you have said we believe
that the CIA and the Libyans tortured
you that for me it was the most powerful
moment I don't think that the apology
does totally close the rendition issue
altogether for abdul hakeem infante
ummah it does it ends the chapter it
ends the case they are satisfied that's
the end of it but this isn't just a
historical issue anymore is it
so for example we know that Jena Haspel
somebody who is at the very heart of the
American torture and rendition program
has been promoted to be director of the
CIA now and we also know that all around
the world there are still security
agencies with which the US and the UK
cooperate every day who torture
prisoners so right now as we speak in
Yemen the United Arab Emirates is
running black sites in which detainees
are tortured and which rape is used as a
technique of torture and these are
people with whom the US and the UK is in
coalition and so I think that there's a
real moral ethical and legal question
for the security services in the US and
the UK
about how closely they're going to fly
to abusive security agencies and what
the line in the sand is really going to
be the Prime Minister's apology may have
restored the British government's
reputation showing it was willing to try
to write previous wrongs but had it not
been for the tenacity of human rights
lawyers it may never have been achieved
and the same cannot be said of mi6 and
the CIA seven years on from the death of
Gaddafi it's worth remembering that not
every opponent of the Gaddafi regime and
victim of unlawful rendition by Western
intelligence agencies has enjoyed the
same outcome
you
