yeah I think Google has really taken
advantage of a lot of people and
allegations from US president Donald
Trump but tech giants like Google and
Facebook are silencing conservative
opinions we have literally thousands and
thousands and complaints coming in and
you just can't do that so I think that
Google and Twitter and Facebook they're
really treading on very very troubled
territory and they have to be careful
it's not fair to large portions of the
population Trump's comments follow a
Tuesday morning tweet where Trump
claimed he googled the search term Trump
News with negative results he says
online searches are rigged by liberal
owned media groups to shadow ban or
silenced conservative viewpoints that's
why Trump economic advisor Larry Kudlow
says the administration isn't ruling out
action even regulation as you know we're
taking a look at it in a statement
Google denies that searches are
selective it says that when a user types
a query into the Google search bar its
goal is to make sure they receive the
most relevant answers in a matter of
seconds search is not used to set a
political agenda
we don't bias our results toward any
political ideology he's not accurate
this tech industry analyst says Trump's
allegation the tech giants are
systematically biased against
conservatives is nothing new if Trump is
google searching himself in finding that
a lot of people don't like him that's
because a lot of people don't like him
now to be clear that would also have
been true if Barack Obama had googled
himself but conservatives in the u.s.
are pushing back it's basically an
intergalactic invasion into this space
through people they point to the recent
removal of controversial right-wing
radio host Alex Jones from Facebook
YouTube and Spotify private tech
companies say they're legally within
their rights to ban offensive content
critics say they're silencing dissent
some Republican members of Congress are
even arguing today's big tech companies
are monopolies in the marketplace it
should be regulated to foster political
debate from all sides
the White House now appears to be
considering Kimberly Hellcat al Jazeera
Washington
