it was on French radio that Nicholas Law
announced his sudden resignation as
Frances Environment Minister the Prima
for the first time I'm going to take the
hardest decision of my life I don't want
to lie to myself anymore I don't want my
presence in this government elite taken
to mean that we are doing enough to
tackle this challenge law had spent 15
months in government under President
Emmanuel macron during which had helped
stop controversial plans to build an
airport on farmland but he said too
little progress had been made in other
areas such as rolling back nuclear power
before entering politics who knows a
popular TV presenter of environmental
programs and campaigner this makes it
clear that the government isn't
interested in the environment containing
the epic project was a gesture to alone
but on every other important issue
concerning our future such as pushing
for an environment tax nothing has
changed macro was on a state visit to
Denmark when he learned to the
resignation rule or had not told him
beforehand
I hope still to be able to count on him
in one way or another I think that in 15
months this government has done more
than any other in the same time on the
same subject
Louis departure is a blow for macro
who's positioned himself as a leader on
the environment last year he criticized
Donald Trump's decision to pull out of
the Paris climate Accord make our planet
great the game micro also hosted an
international conference on climate
change right here in Paris it was
attended by dozens of world leaders
environmental experts and campaigners
micro likes to present himself
internationally as a leader for Anna
mental issues on climate change and here
Allah says I did really what I could I
did my very best for one year and three
months I did not succeed because this
president obviously does not consider
environmental issues as primary issues
so that's a really tough tough love for
macro the resignation adds to a
turbulent few months for the president
opinion polls suggest his popularity has
fallen some people say he focuses too
much on economic growth and not enough
on social issues now his
commitment to the environment is also
being called into question
Natasha Butler al Jazeera Paris
