crickets been played in Pakistan for
decades but it's sporting cousin
baseball only arrived about 26 years ago
the national baseball team wearing the
same green made famous by their cricket
compatriots practices at the Asian Games
here in Jakarta and the baseball team
benefits from Pakistan's cricketing
heritage we are all crickets but we play
we love we play vehicle do they go back
and forth you to play season cricket and
season in baseball and baseball the only
baseball yeah baseball line sometimes
Dicky and one of those successful
crossovers bowler come pitcher Isan Ulla
both sports rely on players with a
strong and accurate arm but he found
fine-tuning was needed to alter his
bowling technique in the pitching there
was some difficulties when I came from
cricket to baseball because in cricket
the ball moves after hits the ground but
in baseball it happens in the air so at
first this was tough but I got the hang
of it
other sacrifices are needed to improve
at baseball in the pitcher and his
teammates could probably be making more
money with a career in cricket after
losing their first match of these Asian
Games to a strong team from Japan
Pakistan is able to put their first mark
in the victory column that's against
Thailand and that's thanks to a very
strong showing on the pitching mound
only allowing one run good work good
pitching - yeah very good pitching and
the Pakistanis hope the strong pitching
continues allowing them to stay here in
Indonesia competing for a few more days
Scott hilar al Jazeera Jakarta
