at this recycling plant business is
booming two-thirds of all of New York
City's plastic waste that's put into
recycling bins ends up here where it's
meticulously sorted then sold the
companies to make it into other plastics
to meet skyrocketing global demand in
the past 20 years the amount of plastic
produced in the world has doubled but
today globally less than 10 percent is
recycled for decades China used to
recycle more than half the world's dirty
plastics but the country ended that
practice earlier this year many believe
the policy shift was driven by this
unflattering documentary depicting poor
Chinese and sorting the waste but the
plastics problem goes way beyond China
the other bigger problem I would say
longer-term systemic problem in the
plastics world is the enormous amount of
plastics that don't make their way into
a recycling bin or that because of the
resin type or the way it's actually
manufactured are not recyclable in
today's you know recycling industry
earlier this year a huge mass of that
ocean plastic waste washed up ashore on
a beach in the Dominican Republic
at the current rate by 2050 the oceans
will contain more plastic than fish
according to the World Economic Forum
whether it be plastic bottles like this
that are filling up the oceans and the
landfills
it's increasingly clear the world is
facing a plastics crisis some have
compared it to a disease that's
spreading across the globe and now the
United Nations is involved there's an
equivalent of a large garbage truck
every minute of every day backing up to
the ocean and just dumping plastic into
it we really have to look at ourselves
and say do we deserve this beautiful
ocean that was given
the time to team up and commit to
feeding plastic pollution hashtag beep
plastic pollution campaign was viewed
online by over 70 million people
celebrities urging people to tag friends
to commit them to give up using things
like plastic straws and cups but it will
take much more than one awareness
campaign to dig out from underneath the
mountain of plastics the world is
increasingly buried under Gabriel Hondo
al Jazeera New York
