flags were lowered over the Capitol
building and the White House as tributes
to Senator John McCain flowed in but
there was no praise for McCain's long
career in military and public service
from the current occupant of the Oval
Office President Donald Trump issued a
terse two-sentence tweet my deepest
sympathy and respect go out to the
family of Senator John McCain our hearts
and prayers are with you former
presidents were more fulsome in their
praise Barack Obama's statement said in
part few have been tested the way John
once was or required to show the courage
he once did that was a reference to the
more than five years of harsh treatment
McCain endured as a prisoner of war in
North Vietnam McCain's Senate colleagues
from both parties were also speaking
hours Republicans Jeff Flake he would
quickly forgive that move on and to see
the good in his opponents that is
something that particularly these days
we could use a lot more of Democratic
Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer I
am warning Americas morning the world is
mourning the loss of one of the truly
great men of recent decades former
presidential candidate Hillary Clinton
alluded to McCain's frequent criticism
of Trump's foreign policy fights with
allies if we abandon the ideals that we
have stood for around the globe if we
turn our back on leadership on behalf of
human rights and the kind of future we
want to forge for our children and
grandchildren we will be giving up on
what he fought for when he was in prison
for what he stood for
McCain's body will lie in state in the
ornate rotunda beneath the Capitol dome
an honor accorded to only 30 public
figures in US history
members of the public will have an
opportunity to file past his casket to
show their respects McCain reportedly
planned his
funeral which will be held at the
Washington National Cathedral the
eulogies will be delivered by Obama and
by Bush both men who were once McCain's
political opponents pointedly President
Trump has not been asked to attend rob
reynolds al jazeera washington
