this is the moment a gunman opens fire
during an online video gaming tournament
in Florida the shots rang out inside the
venue the livestream is cut within
minutes it becomes clear that a gunman
opened fire at the good luck have fun
game bar in Jacksonville initially
police were searching for a possible
second gunman but shortly after the
attack it became apparent the shooting
was the work of one man a single suspect
in this case is a white male and this is
pending confirmation but we believe the
suspect to be 24 year old David Katz
from Baltimore Maryland
in the FBI is assisting us with that leg
of the investigation in Baltimore
we have located and impound the suspect
vehicle and a search of that is it's
pending but we believe he stayed
somewhere locally last night maybe in a
hotel many of those injured were taken
to local hospitals others hid inside the
busy shopping area until they were
rescued by police it's still not known
what the motive for the attack was I was
right over there by the park and I've
seen him running with the guy saw
someone running with a gun and a song
shot shooting and stuff like that
screaming this shoe and I heard gunshots
people just weren't in place and so
there I've seen the girl she's not
little but she she's young I said I was
a high schooler shot in the leg oh we're
late it was cannon outside light to see
her light
I seen a grown man like soft light like
terrified the shooting comes at a
sensitive time for Florida in February
17 people were killed at a school
shooting in parkland that reignited a
debate on gun control two years ago
forty nine people were killed at a
nightclub in Orlando those in the online
gaming community are in shock and the
Gallacher al jazeera Florida
