for the first time since Jamal keshavjee
disappeared the u.s. president says he
believes the Saudi journalist might be
dead
Congress is turning up the heat on the
White House to get tough on Saudi Arabia
so what will this mean for us Saudi ties
this is inside storm
hello and welcome to the program I'm
Imran Khan president Donald Trump has
for the first time acknowledged Jamaal
keshavjee may have been killed inside
the Saudi consulate in Istanbul he's
warned of severe consequences if the
Saudi leadership is involved the shift
in tone comes a following his Secretary
of State Mike Pompeo is visit to Riyadh
and Ankara earlier this week the
president's now under mounting pressure
to take action members of the House of
Representatives have sent him a letter
calling for sanctions against Saudi
Arabia we'll bring in our guests in a
moment but first this report from Mike
Hanna in Washington it was a somber
president Trump who for the first time
publicly acknowledged the possibility
that Jamal kesaji is dead it certainly
looks that way to me it's very sad he
says he's still waiting for the results
of various investigations but if there's
evidence there will be serious
consequences for Saudi Arabia we'll see
what happens Trump's comments followed a
meeting with his Secretary of State Mike
Pompeo who briefed the president on his
meetings with Saudi and Turkish leaders
there are lots of stories out there
about what has happened we just are
going to allow the process to move
forward allow the facts to unfold and as
they unfold as we make a determination
for ourselves about what happened there
based on the facts that are presented to
us the United States will determine what
the appropriate response might be and
significantly straight off to the
meeting it was confirmed that Treasury
secretary Steve minuchin had cancelled a
trip to an investment conference in
Riyadh later this month the first
tangible sign of any action against
Saudi Arabia by the Trump administration
and yet another bipartisan call from
Congress for the president to determine
accountability and impose sanctions
against those found responsible this in
a letter from more than 40 House members
which also said additionally we ask that
you promptly disclose whether the United
States intercepted communications among
Saudi officials to
discussing plans to detain mr. Kershaw
he and advise what actions were taken to
warn him of any attack Mike Hanna al
Jazeera Washington let's bring in our
guests joining us from Skype from New
York Kenneth Roth executive director of
Human Rights Watch and in Paris is
George Marr Bruno Middle East reporter
ATLA Figueroa welcome to you all
want to bring in with you Kenneth in New
York President Donald Trump has said
that he thinks that Jamal keshavjee may
be dead but there seems to be a
disconnect between some members of
Congress some members of the Senate on
what they would like to do which is
sanctions against Saudi Arabia and what
the White House would like to do which
seems to be taking a conciliatory more
some would say sympathetic tone towards
this whole affair
what's with the disconnect why the
disconnect well I mean Trump has made it
quite clear that when he really carries
about is the Saudi money you know he
wants the Saudi arms purchases from the
United States to continue because that
generates American jobs
so the a morality at this position is
very clear it doesn't matter that that
the Saudi Crown Prince has been
overseeing the bombing and starvation of
countless Yemeni civilians it doesn't
matter that he's crushed civil society
in Saudi Arabia it doesn't matter now
that that his government and very
possibly him ordered the the least
disappearance and very likely murder of
Jamal to show g/o jobs are what matter
most so that's you know that's where he
starts from at the same time he's not
gonna box himself in and says there will
be severe punishment if it is proven and
you know we still haven't heard the
audiotape we've had the audio described
to us but it's quite clear that the
showed you went into the Saudi consulate
in Istanbul didn't emerge you know by
all accounts he's dead by all accounts
he's been murdered I'm guess we still
need to see some of the 70s but it all
really points to Riyadh if not to the
Saudi Crown Prince himself given the
tight control he maintains over all
security
the unlikelihood that anybody would have
freelance something about this statute
is visibility without his approval and
indeed probably order so you know
Trump's in a bit of a bind and he's
under real pressure not only from the
Congress but something from a public
that he's finally appalled by salary
conduct I wish they had been appalled
earlier well they should pick you up
let's pick you up on that point Human
Rights Watch is long been a critic of
human rights records in Saudi Arabia
you've written many reports on all of
this here you are you have a moment now
where people are talking about human
rights in Saudi Arabia how will you take
advantage of that well I mean just
yesterday the news conference at the UN
in New York
pushing Turkey to ask UN
secretary-general Antonio Guterres to
launch a formal investigation did this
because we recognize that turkish
President Erdogan is reluctant to
formally accuse the silence that's why
he's been using these leaks so we sort
of hear what's going on but there hasn't
been a formal report because the Turkish
economy is in trouble and everyone
doesn't want economic retaliation but
you know what Human Rights Watch has
been pushing for for some time in fact
they didn't take the kesaji likely
murder to get us here we've been pushing
for most to cut off our sales and we've
been doing that on the basis of the
repeated bombing of Yemeni schools
markets funerals weddings the the
blockade of home a deported no resulting
in a near starvation of millions upon
millions of people
that's enough in our view now the
Congress did to his credit US Congress
adopt legislation saying that these arms
sales could not go forward if the US
Secretary of State Pompeo didn't certify
that Saudi Arabia was curbing its
attacks on civilians and you know Pompeo
facts be damned issued a certification
immediately said the arms sales going
forward now you know because so many
people new to show G because it's so
homepages
what seems to have happened to him there
may well mean new legislation which
doesn't have his opt-out doesn't let me
the Trump administration will its way
through continuing on sale so we're
hoping to something like that
see let's take the view from Europe and
George Mar Bruno you've been covering
the region for a very long time us Saudi
ties have been lockstep for seven
decades now however right now what we're
seeing is a resetting of the
relationship to a much more personal one
between the US president his son-in-law
and the king and the crown prince of
Saudi Arabia where does Europe take a
look at all of this where does Europe
land on this relationship that seems you
much more personal
what's europe's view I think Europeans
are waiting the results of the
investigation I met on Monday evening
president macro and it was very cautious
when I asked him about consequences it
would take if Arabia is responsible of
the disappearance of Jamal kakashi og on
Wednesday morning present macro asked is
Finance Minister not to go to a Turia to
attend the next week conference and as
you noticed yesterday France UK and
Germany decided to freeze any visit to
Saudi Arabia
I think they are still waiting but they
they are they would like to see King
Salman taking a bigger role in this
crisis and I think also that they would
like to see Crown Prince Mohammed bin
Salman marginalized little bit after
these crises because the relations
between Crown Prince Salman for example
and Emmanuel macron say well there is no
chemistry between them I've probably I
told you previously the first meeting
between the two leaders at the RIA their
port in November 2 2007 TV was bad a few
weeks later president macro and to
rescue sadder area blocked in in Riyadh
so they would like to that these crises
could have at least one advantage when
positive if I can say that effect to see
the power of Crown Prince
Mohammed bin Salman reduced inside the
the architecture of of the Saudi regime
that you've seen something quite easy
for the French to be able to say however
when it comes to Europe generally you
still have the UK which has very close
ties historical close ties to the Saudi
government's and her sells sells them
possibly as much weapons as in certainly
in terms of ratio as the Americans do so
where did the Brits fit into all of this
they are in a much more of a tighter
bind when it comes to Saudi Arabia it's
true that the the British are the very
important role to play specially in the
Saudi aircraft
there is a huge cooperation between
London and Riyadh in this field but we
noticed also that the UK was quite tough
even before France to react after a few
days of the disappearance of Jamal
keshavjee but there is also this new
rule we have to take into consideration
that if you criticize if any foreign
country criticized Saudi Arabia UAE or
Bahrain we have to face now global
consequences which we think that this
summer with the Canadian ambassador who
has been expelled in in in Riyadh so I
think now the Europeans want to also to
give a global collective answer to this
crisis of course it's not easy to to get
what they would like to get that is a
reduction of the power of cranes from
Prince Salman because UK is a huge
partner of Saudi Arabia France a little
bit less president macro was supposed to
go in November in Saudi Arabia it has
been postponed I'm not sure that he will
go soon so we have contracts and
negotiations we have diplomatic
convergence against Iran diplomatic
convergence in Syria so they have to
balance but for sure they would like
King Salman to take over the situation
and brown crew a crown prince
Mohammed bin Salman getting down in the
in the Yaqui of the power in in Saudi
Arabia
let me bring Kenneth Roth here
reportedly Jared Kushner the president's
son-in-law has said he's what he's told
their crown prince if you can get away
with the murder of schoolchildren on a
bus in Yemen you can get away with the
murder of a journalist these are alleged
remarks that he's made what do you make
of that what do you make of that kind of
comment coming from that kind of
individual within the Trump
administration surely just embolden as
the Saudis well then the other things
your krishna was probably saying this
morning is telling his father-in-law
this will just blow over you know wait
it out people will forget this the way
they forgot the school does I think
where this is different I mean you can
absolutely blame the Saudi Crown Prince
for the bombing campaign in Yemen for
the repeated hitting of civilian targets
being different the failure to make
amends so that doesn't keep happening
but obviously it's unfair to suggest
that the cytochrome Prince targeted the
school but few people believe that an
operation such as the apparent murder of
Jamal Khashoggi would have happened
without the crown prince's authorization
now the current cover story is oh well
maybe he just authorized an abduction
and this one arrived but that's not much
of a defense since you know it's easy to
imagine an abduction turning into a
murder if there's any resistance so I
think that what we see from Jared
Kushner is complete a more healthy you
know that he just doesn't care about any
of this stuff and that frankly is where
Trump comes from to it's all business
it's all money but Trump at least is
attuned in a way that his son-in-law up
here's not to eat to public opinion and
there is genuine public outrage here let
me bring in Gallup DA live from London
hey he's a visiting scholar at the
University of Oxford research director
at Yale shark forum and a non-resident
fellow at the Brookings Institution
welcome to the show you've heard our
other guests talk about the European
reaction the u.s. reaction but Saudi
Arabia is one of the USA's key allies
when it comes
to sanctions against Iran it's a key
part of the strategy when it comes to
Iran what kind of impact will the
keshavjee affair have on that strategy
sanctions against Iran and will it have
on what are the Iranians thinking right
now what the Iranian should be very
happy in the first place because right
now one of the things that has been
increasing Iran's regional role is
particularly its competitors blunders
its competitors like mistakes is
competitors crimes in a sense that has
been one of the major asset of Iran and
one of them is obviously in Saudi Arabia
I mean if you are Iran look at like how
Saudi Arabia has been a great asset for
you for your regional role you have the
crown prince who has a completely
criminal war in Yemen that is causing
like a massive humanitarian disaster and
that creates you that gives you a very
significant leverage over a very secure
portion of the Yemeni society and gives
you influence in - in Yemen and then you
have like Saudi Arabia who is putting a
blanket over Qatar and as a result of it
what Qatar does is like you know being
getting a bit more closer to Iran once
again you have a major major
geopolitical victory even without doing
anything and whatnot look what it did it
with Jamarcus of killing a journalist in
a diplomatic mission in Turkey if there
was any prospect of Turkey Saudi
reproach months because Turkey up until
now has tried to make a distinction
between its more explicit criticism of
United Arab Emirates whereas that you
know not that explicit criticism of
Saudi Arabia because it want to keep
some modest Vivendi with Saudi Arabia
normally but now Turkey cannot simply
turkey simply will not be able to like
you the way that it did before and this
is another major win for Iran so I don't
I have hard time to understand the logic
in Washington if you they want to like
if they want to let's say like you know
confine Iran in the regional politics
actually the Saudi Arabia is not the
best is not the best bet to go with I
mean
just bring in Kenneth wrong I understand
we have to lose you as a guest shortly
but I just want to ask you very quickly
you heard our guest from London talk
about Iran and Turkey again from a human
rights perspective you've been very
critical Human Rights Watch has been
very critical of both of those countries
when it comes to human rights is there
an opportunity here to pressure both of
those countries and the US and Saudi
Arabia and push them on human rights in
the wake of this case is there something
of an opportunity here for somebody like
you I mean absolutely I was just an
anchor a couple of weeks ago and you
know on the one hand turkey is trying to
play a positive role in a say in Syria
by blocking a potential bloodbath and
Piglet province led by by rushing Syrian
forces there it is great a very helpful
world's refugees obviously has come to
the forefront here in you know dripping
out bits and pieces of evidence about
what happened to Jamal the shoji there
is a certain irony that yes they're
standing up for this one apparently
murdered journalists but president
everyone is in christening dozens upon
dozens of journalists in Turkey who
dared and criticizes government there
was a you know a contradiction here this
is an opportunity to push him to be a
bit more consistent you know similarly
Trump suddenly is talking about human
rights you know say in China there there
detention of upwards of 1 million weaker
Muslims very appropriate for him to talk
about that he doesn't know much
credibility though if he closes his eyes
to very serious human rights abuses by
his analyse Saudi Arabia so you know
human rights was always pushing for more
principled stance on human rights
governments have the reason to pick and
choose but they don't have credibility
when they pick and choose and sometimes
governments decide that that credibility
matters and this is an opportunity I
think to push a number of the actors in
the region to improve their honor in a
similarly Saudi Arabia they want to even
sauce it's not going to be enough to
come clean around the Shoji they've got
to address young they've got address the
horror they visited upon the civilians
in that country so this is you know a
moment of opportunity people are
focusing on these issues and we want to
push as hard as we can to
improvements across the moor let me
bring in Gallup data here from London
why has the Turkish strategy been this
slow drip feed of leaks to the media why
not just come straight out with the
evidence at the beginning and put
pressure on the crown prince and the
King to do something about it why this
slow slow drip of leaks I think there
are three factors one of them
particularly at the outset because for
quite some time so he was not authorized
to enter the consulate and to enter the
Chancellor house and what I see that
priority for what I see one of the
strategy for Turkey was first to or to
provide legal basis and then to come
with the political basis because if from
the start Turkey has adopted a very
strong political language the Saudi will
say well without having any serious
evidences you are politicizing the issue
secondly I think Turkey by by by
basically sharing drip by drip is it is
trying to kind of a keep the
international pressure kinsey
international focus on the issue over a
period of time so therefore the Mohammed
bin Salman on others will not get away
with the previous scenario which was
basically deny everything claim no
responsibility and the third thing I
think Turkey does not want to make this
as a bilateral issue between Turkey and
Saudi Arabia which it is bilateral issue
but it's modern it's it's an
international issue at therefore like
you know the international community's
participation in this issue is essential
for Turkey the u.s. particular us coming
up with a strong stance on Saudi Arabia
party on the Mohammed bin Salman because
he we can make a distinction between the
Saudi us in relation or the Saudi way
stimulation and the Mohammed in
Sandman's Western relation
I mean it's understandable that the West
or the Saudi area that the US wants to
keep relation with Saudi Arabia but it
doesn't have to the relation with Saudi
Arabia does not have to be just through
more madmen Salman Mahmoud miss Irma I
think the West right now should make it
clear that Mohammed bin Salman is not a
partner
for for themselves and vomiting salmon
is not only bad for the original
stability it's also best for the what's
the interest as well true so how can how
your interest will be ensured if your
partner is reckless is if your partner
is very audacious and it's not very
predictable just look at what he did
with George know I saw you agreeing with
some of the points gala gala was making
in London let's just talk about the
wider impact of all of this when it
comes to Europe say for example it's
proved beyond a doubt that the crown
prince was involved in the alleged
murder of Jamal keshavjee sanctions are
put in place by the Americans against
Saudi Arabia what is the European
response to that looking just ahead to
the future say that scenario happens
what does Europe do yeah it can be in
Yemen in the war against the Houthi in
Yemen where the Europeans UK and France
are partners with Saudi Arabia and the
United Arab Emirates this war is not at
all popular in UK for sure in France
also the French government and the
British government are don't feel
comfortable with the way with which the
Saudi Arabia is is driving the fifth war
so it can be one of the aspect that
France UK and Germany can press had put
pressure on Saudi Arabia in order to to
get a compromise on Yemen after and the
weapons deals I'm not sure that there
will be an immediate short-term effect
because this is business and as you know
the the relations are are old and also
as I told you that the Europeans don't
think that King Salman is involved in
this operation so they want to protect
the relation with Saudi Arabia driven by
by King Salman but let's because that's
very interesting point you're making
let's bring in Kenneth Roth here it's
business as usual that
relationship is crucial you've mentioned
it yourself when it comes down to it
it's all about money however you seem to
be quite confident that there's an
opportunity here to push the human
rights agenda however is that a
realistic way of thinking surely when
this amount of money is involved Human
Rights takes human rights takes a back
seat there are a number of things that
can be done first of all this idea that
you know you have to distinguish King
Solomon from the crown prince I think
that that doesn't work that much there's
nobody really believes the King Solomon
is you know he's calling the shots and
indeed there reports that the Crown
Prince ahmud Solomon is you know
preventing even his mother from seeing
the King to try to avoid others from
influencing this very elderly man who is
just not in controlling so you know it's
at this point the focus really is the
common prince beyond cutting off arms
tails there are a number of more
targeted things that can be done I mean
if you take for example what just
happened with real hinge on Europe and
the United States have imposed targeted
sanctions around to the people who are
responsible so what that means you know
freezing personal effects it means
denying travel rights to particular
people another thing that could be done
which would go very much after the
leadership responsible for these kinds
of atrocities is to uninvite the
international criminal court to examine
war crimes in yeah that's something that
the US Britain and France could push to
the UN Security Council to be very
surprised if Rafa we're trying to
understand in the way so these are
targeted ways that would go after
individuals responsible without
interrupting the full relationship the
economic relationships between Saudi
Arabia rest of the world so thank you
very much we are running out of time
Kenneth Roth in New York gilad Ali in
London and George MA Bruno in Paris and
thank you as well for watching you can
see the program again any time by
visiting our web site aljazeera.com and
for further discussion go to our
Facebook page that's facebook.com
forward slash AJ Inside Story you can
also join the conversation on twitter
our handle is aj @ aj inside story from
me Imran Khan and the entire team in
Doha - OH
you
you
