it's historic it's impressive now it's
back in control of the local population
Cairo Castle stands at the foot of the
mountain overlooking the city of is in
the Yemen Highlands the last four years
has been used as a barracks for UAE
backed Abu al abbas brigades for the
government Military Commission has no
tickin back control
I believe the reopening of the castle
after four years of closure sends a
clear message that the state will extend
its authority over every inch of the
country no faction or party will ever
have sovereignty or control over tires
this is a site loved by the locals and
loved by the children who knew little of
its history built more than 800 years
ago Cairo Castle is the city's top
destination for tourists from all over
the world is always great to paint a
smile on children's faces that's what
we've seen from the first day of Eid the
number of visitors is far beyond what
was expected it's the city's most
important touristic and historical site
well the castle walls have remained
solid it will need some restoration work
it was shelled by coalition warplanes in
2015 when it was used as a Houthi
fighters stronghold we cannot describe
the overwhelming feeling as we wonder at
the highest point in Thais we do not
know how to express our delight the
reopening of the castle has restored the
civic nature of the city Cairo Castle
has a long and colorful history the
events of the last four years especially
now that it's back in the hands of local
people will be another chapter another
story to be handed down from generation
to generation Alan Fisher al Jazeera in
Djibouti
