these Ethiopian families sheltering in a
courthouse fled for their lives there
among the nearly 1 million people
displaced over the past four months we
came here because we were attacked we
left our village empty-handed to save
our lives we travelled and spent three
days in the bush to get here these
internally displaced Godot people stay
they were attacked by mobs of Oromo
which is the largest ethnic group in
Ethiopia many don't have food and clean
water and they're at risk of
malnutrition and diseases like pneumonia
my husband got sick here and I could not
help him I intended to go out and beg
but I was shy his health deteriorated
further and finally he died the g'day oh
say local and federal authorities didn't
protect them the government denies the
accusation and says its arrested
hundreds for inciting violence the
age-old ethnic tensions boiled over
after Prime Minister are be Ahmed took
office in April our medicine aroma and
the g'day o people believed the aroma
feel empowered by his rise to office
we've seen an awful lot of people
probably more than three-quarters of a
million people having to move in the
face of violence in a very short space
of time the International Committee of
the Red Cross and its Ethiopian
affiliate are trying to help they're
distributing blankets sleeping mats
water and medical supplies but the surge
of violence in southern Ethiopia could
fuel similar disputes in other regions
the violence could undermine the new
prime minister sweeping reforms to ease
tensions among 80 ethnic groups and a
population of 100 million Paul
Chatterjee on al Jazeera
