civilians again the victims after a
saudi-led coalition airstrike in Yemen
Iranian backed Houthi fighters see at
least 31 people including women and
children have died in an attack on their
vehicles in the western province of her
dida although some booty sources say the
number of dead is lower dead children
and women disgusting crime the victims
were trying to escape a camp in our cuy
which the coalition says was being used
to launch missiles they hit us while we
were on the road
this little boy survived but it's just
two weeks since another Saudi coalition
airstrike hit a school bus that killed
40 children and 11 adults in what Saudi
Arabia declared to be an appropriate
military action it is promised to
investigate as more pimps prepare to
weep over their children's graves the
charity Save the Children estimates an
average of 140 children have been killed
every day since the beginning of the
saudi-led coalition strikes against
Houthis if the united nations will not
conduct their own investigation will not
send a team to Yemen to investigate
those type of crimes I believe that the
saudi-led Coalition will continue to do
so meanwhile Human Rights Watch has
criticized the saudi-led panel
investigating alleged war crimes in
Yemen they're really what we're seeing
is you have this investigative body that
says it's credibly investigating but it
is in fact not at all an acceptable an
acceptable sort of substitute for the
states themselves actually carrying out
credible investigations the charity Save
the Children says that Yemen is the most
dangerous place in the world to be a
child right now Cristi leaders have in
the last few hours called on
international bodies to do more to stop
the fighting in Yemen and they say the
international community silence on the
attack two weeks ago and this most
recent attack is nothing short of
shameful Allen Fisher al Jazeera
Djibouti
