I stopped John Morrison this way
Australia is introduced to another new
Prime Minister brought to power not in a
popular vote but rather installed by
colleagues in a party ballot facing a
tough job to ensure that we not only
bring our party back together which has
been bruised and battered this week
traditional grandson here is Jack
Malcolm Turnbull became prime minister
when he pushed out his predecessor Tony
Abbott in 2015 now Turnbull is the
latest Australian leader to leave before
the end of his term Australians will be
just dumbstruck and so appalled by the
conduct of the last week he blames a
campaign of what he calls insurgents
within his party and outside it who
wanted to see the moderate Prime
Minister replaced with the more
conservative Peter Dutton as Minister
for immigration dutton was known for his
hardline enforcement of the country's
policy of sending asylum seekers to
overseas prison camps he first
challenged Turnbull in a leadership
contest on Tuesday and lost he then
demanded another vote on Friday saying
this time he had the support to win and
Turnbull didn't run as a candidate how
the insurgents were not rewarded by
electing mr. Dutton for example but
instead the my successor who I wish the
very best of course Scott Morrison a
very loyal and effective treasurer like
Dutton Morrison was once immigration
minister in charge of controversial
asylum policies he had backed Turnbull
to remain Prime Minister before Friday's
vote he's been a lot of talk this week
about whose side people are on in this
building and what Josh and I here to
tell you as the new generation of
Liberal leadership he's we're on your
side
Australians are generally unhappy with
what they see as a revolving door system
of leadership Scott Morrison now faces
the difficult task of uniting his party
before facing the Australian public in a
federal election in less than a year
before that
marcin's governed
which has a majority of just one seat is
likely to have another electoral test
Malcolm Turnbull says he'll leave
Parliament soon triggering a by-election
for his electorate Kathy Novak al
Jazeera Sydney
