former US presidential aides guilty of
federal crimes as congressional
elections draw closer how will it impact
the midterms and what would any change
in Congress mean for the world this is
inside story
hello and welcome to the show I'm
Sammy's a damn it's been a bad week for
Donald Trump starting with the
conviction of his former campaign
chairman Paul manifold for financial
crimes and fraud
then came the guilty plea by his former
lawyer Michael Cohen who said he broke
campaign finance laws on Trump's orders
but Cohen's willingness to help the
Malheur investigation could mean even
bigger worries ahead for the US
president he denies he's done anything
wrong and says Cohen's making up stories
we'll bring in our guests in a moment
but first andy Gallico reports from
washington d.c
he once said he'd take a bullet for
Donald Trump now Michael Cohen is
offering to help in an investigation the
president has repeatedly called a witch
hunt on Tuesday Donald Trump's longtime
lawyer and fixer pleaded guilty to
campaign finance violations
Cohen told the court he was directed by
Trump to make payments to two women he's
alleged to have had affairs with Cohen's
lawyer says the 51 year old is now more
than happy to help special counsel
Robert mullahs investigation into
alleged collusion between the Trump
campaign and Russia my observation is
that Michael Cohen knows information
that would be of interest to the special
counsel in my opinion regarding both
knowledge about a conspiracy to corrupt
American democracy by the Russians
Robert mullahs investigation centers on
a meeting between Trump campaign aides
in a Russian delegation that promised a
dish political dirt on Hillary Clinton
Cohen's lawyer has indicated his client
has direct knowledge of the meeting with
claims Donald Trump knew it was
happening something that presidents
denied if the president knew about it
and there's other evidence in addition
to Michael Cohen just basically saying
it on his own then the president at this
point could be won his way on a very
fast pace to impeachment at the first
press briefing since Cohen's appearance
in court
Sarah Huckabee Sanders says the
president has nothing to hide as the
president has stated on numerous
occasions he did nothing wrong there are
no charges against him in this and just
because Michael Cohen made a plea deal
doesn't mean that that implicates the
President on anything on the same day
Cohen pled guilty in New York the
president's former campaign manager Paul
Manafort was found guilty on eight
charges of tax and bank fraud both cases
sprang from mullahs team leading one
republican to say it's proof mullahs
investigation is anything but a
witch-hunt
Democrats say Trump's legal woes are far
from over to take a step back president
Trump's campaign manager was convicted
of federal crimes president Trump's
personal attorney pled guilty to federal
crimes president Trump's first national
security adviser pled guilty to federal
crimes a foreign policy adviser to his
campaign pled guilty to federal crimes
and more trials are coming these two
court cases may now be the biggest
threat to Donald Trump's presidency
Cohen's lawyer says his client is now
liberated to speak truth to power and
there are unconfirmed reports Cohen has
tapes Trump's base will remain loyal but
with November's midterm elections
approaching the stakes have never been
higher
Andy Gallacher al Jazeera at the White
House
well let's bring in our panel we have
joining us from London James boys an
analyst on US politics in Lubbock Texas
were joined by Oliver Magee on skype
he's an advisor at the national
diversity coalition for Trump and in
Brussels Steven Erlanger who's also on
skype the chief diplomatic correspondent
for Europe at the New York Times welcome
to you all if I could start with Steven
have the last few days been a turning
point in terms of the vulnerability of
the white house yes I think they have
now this is a story that has a long way
to go but this is the first time that
President Trump has been quite clearly
implicated in a crime his personal
lawyer his consigliere if you like who
knows where a lot of the secrets are
kept plead guilty and testify that he
had committed a crime at the instigation
and in coordination with the President
of the United States
sure you know Trump supporters would
argue he hasn't been charged himself
Trump hasn't been charged himself why
does this make him vulnerable then well
we don't indict sitting presidents but
I'll tell you if he wasn't a sitting
president he probably would have been
indicted okay I can see Oliver is
shaking his head I'm I'm sure he has
something different to say about this go
ahead Oliver I wholeheartedly agree with
you it's very difficult to indict a
president who's done nothing there's no
collusion collusion isn't a crime it's a
wink wink nod nod hang on Oliver let me
forgive me if interrupted we don't know
yet that he hasn't done anything we can
only say so far the investigation is
ongoing we can only say so far no
charges have been brought all our
accusations leveled against him right
the investigation is going on for 500
days still no pollution has been found
we basically are basically indicted
everyone else in the world except for
implicating Donald Trump this is a man
who was basically campaign
dozens mechanic paints every 48 hours to
ten thousand people he was speaking in
front of cameras when did he have time
to collude with the Russians not at all
he was too busy beating Hillary Clinton
in the campaign and he was out on the
road so this is very difficult to kind
of make that stretch into colluding with
a foreign power when he wasn't in charge
of the United States so I think this is
a reach for the Democrats I think
they're overstepping I think they have
overconfidence violence bias and I think
there's a quiet silent majority in
America they're saying we're gonna go to
the polls in 2018 in a few days and
we're going to vote like we were to
voting in 2016 because right now this
election is about enough all right I
think all of you kind of all right let
Steven come back in then we'll go
through James we've backed the Michael
Cohen case had nothing to do with Russia
the Michael Cohen case had to do with
paying off to women or their silence so
that Donald Trump as the Republican
candidate was not embarrassed during the
election campaign Russia is an entirely
different issue
Cohen accuses Trump of instigating a
crime about campaign financing Russia is
another matter indeed which we can talk
about that is exactly the point I was
going to raise thank you for doing it
Stephen let me take that slide let's
take it on a step forward though and ask
the question to James in London I think
where we're going now with this
discussion is the question that if the
president's lawyer or ex lawyer is now
facing jail time for doing something
that he says he did on the orders of
Donald Trump can Donald Trump at some
point face charges himself yeah what's
interesting I think about how both
robert muller is building this case and
how Donald Trump is responding to it all
the interesting overtures to how one
would build and respond to a case in
investing regarding organized crime so
we see mullet going after the
lower-level individuals getting
convictions against them then facing
serious jail time and then them to use
Donald Trump's words flipping
against their higher-ups that's exactly
how criminal cases are built against
organized crime organizations and now
Donald Trump across has come out and
praised he's Paul Manafort for staying
silent and attacked the the chat for
basically basically spilling the beans
and and and and talking about the
situation how to this face Donald Trump
legally well as Steven rightly pointed
out under the Constitution and DOJ
guidelines the United States simply
doesn't indict a sitting president but
word I want Trump no longer to be
President either through his resignation
his impeachment and removal from office
or is eventual stepping down from the
presidency at the end of one or two
terms he could then face legal jeopardy
if indeed there is evidence to bring to
court after that time period you you
raise the I word there impeachment let
me take it back to Oliver is the real
threat to the president from all of this
perhaps tied to what happens in November
if the Republicans lose their control of
Congress does this open the door for
proceedings against the US president
within Congress I think the Democrats
are overreaching about the 2018 midterms
I think that we're gonna see a very big
surprise what's interesting about this
upcoming midterm election is is this is
going to be about Donald Trump not on
the ticket but he is going to be on the
ticket I think voters on the Trump side
are going to go it grows just like they
did in 2016 a silent majority and
they're going to vote straight down the
GOP ticket because they know what's
happening they know this is a witch hunt
they know that this is a fake news they
know that this is basically basically
just a thing that was brought in by the
Hillary Clinton campaign who said she
was going to accept the election as it
was and now we're into a Russian
collusion delusion right now but also
we're now gone into 500 days
investigation to all kinds of given me
for jumping and again all of us so just
to clarify what you mean when you say
it's a witch hunt there's already be in
admissions of guilt are you saying that
the US justice system is politicized it
is not fair
the conveyor the the charges brought
against mana for the the guilty pleading
by Cohen himself all of that is a
political witch-hunt
Sami what I'm saying that this is a
political persecution not a proper
prosecution this is designed for a stage
in the court of public opinion and then
we're basically demolishing the US
justice system Oliver
no I'm not bothering the US justices by
believe in the US justice system but I
also know how can it be a political
witch-hunt and it can be a credible
justice system at the same time explain
that 12 you I know witness we know as
Trump supporters we know what the new
law investigation is this is a
witch-hunt
we know that basically is trying to go
into tangent sees it someone's trying to
prosecute you Sammy and they can find
anything they can find anything debate a
prosecutor can indict a ham sandwich so
that's essentially what with God it's no
way did it depress it could defend
himself and no cat nor what nor can
Trump supporters so we're not paying
attention to it we're just simply saying
this is enough is enough and we're gonna
vote straight down the ticket for Donald
Trump in the GOP and that's when we're
gonna preserve his presidency I really
find and I think Trump supporters do as
well they find it insulting that they
want to impeach this president just
merely because he beat Hillary Clinton
that is not going to work so I think
we're all gonna wait in a few days the
election and see another surprise if the
Democrats were smart they would
basically play it cool and they would
basically let their base come on out and
don't vote straight up and and all of a
sudden you could have a flip in the
Congress of the house because they
always do that in midterms but given
this type of emotional Trump derangement
syndrome guys take your place we're
gonna come out and grow so we're just
gonna simply go into resistance to what
that's happening in the media right now
against the GOP all right let me take
your your vision of what's going to
happen in the elections to Steven do you
see it that way do you think any of
these issues that the convictions the
guilty pleadings the scandals is any of
that going to impact the Trump base in
midterm elections do you think well I
think to some degree it energizes it I
think you can hear that from Oliver and
one hears it elsewhere I mean Trump has
presented his presidency as an anti
needest
saved against the swamp he says he's
been a drain the swamp now what is the
swamp the swamp is the FBI the swamp is
the intelligence agencies the swamp is
Congress the swamp is anyone who
actually criticizes him and we have a
very partisan very divided country and
midterm elections will be they they are
by definition politicized and they will
be very divisive what will be
interesting is to see I'm sure the Trump
people will come out his supporters will
come out but his presidency is also
energized a lot of anti Trump voters a
lot of Democratic voters some of whom
don't like Hillary Clinton by the way
and so it really will be an interesting
test
Oliver is quite right Trump isn't on the
ticket but to some degree we will always
see the midterms as a kind of referendum
on the president will he win it Stephen
I mean forgive me for jumping in but I
mean the the the narrative that you know
he's vilifying the entire intelligence
agencies the FBI his side of the story
at least is that he's targeting the
elite in some of these government
institutions not the rank-and-file with
that sort of narrative perhaps resonate
with the average American who who sees
themselves a bit disenfranchised for a
variety of economic and other reasons
well it it does resonate but of course
they have been you know some of these
people have been in franchised because
they've elected Donald Trump president
after all but what you will have is I
believe the Democrats will thinly take
control of the house the Republicans
will retain the Senate and don't forget
in the Obama presidency he got pretty
much everything he got done in the first
two years when the Democrats controlled
both houses of Congress if the
Republicans lose the house I think quite
a lot of what Donald Trump would like to
do at least through Congress will get
stymied it'll be much more difficult for
him as it was for Obama but we'll have
to see what happens I I I'm not
in prophecy but there's no question
trump is appealing to his base his base
is you know 30% of the electorate maybe
but people come out and vote we'll see
how many people come out and vote for
Democratic candidates who were opposed
to Donald Trump we've got a bit of time
between now and November James in London
how crucial do you think the next three
months are going to be in terms of the
Russia investigation not so much the
bank fraud charges and what happened
with campaign finance but the actual
Russia investigation you know Michael
Cohen's lawyers also already talking
about how his client has things to say
which could link the u.s. president more
directly to Russian efforts to allegedly
interfere in elections do you think that
kind of stuff might have more of an
impact on voters if stuff like that
comes out closer to the elections well I
doubt that anything that Michael Cohen
knows will be made public quite frankly
say what you will about robert muller
and his investigation he's kept a very
tight ship there's been relatively few
if any leaks coming out of it and as a
result i think that whatever michael
cohen decides to proffer with regards to
robert muller
will stay relatively secret as long as
muller wishes that to do so i think
what's going to be more important are
moving forward of course we have manna
fort second trial in DC taking place in
september that will be very very telling
I think that of course is when he's
accused basically of deford in the
United States and failing to register as
a foreign agent in the service of the
Ukrainian government we've also got a
course sentencing coming up for various
individuals between now and the end of
the year including of course manna fort
for the trial that concluded this week
and for Michael Flynn as well so we've
got a series of incidents what will
trigger a reaction I think is the
president's response to Paul Manafort in
particular after the second trial in DC
if he were to pardon he's former
campaign chair for example that might I
think on the surface be considered prime
facie evidence of an attempt to obstruct
justice that could
trigger a backlash amongst percent
particularly moderate Republicans I
think and also if he attempts to fire
Robert mother now that's something the
White House is steadfastly said he has
no intention of doing unfortunately as
the tapes of come out in the last couple
of weeks have revealed this isn't
necessarily president one can always
take on his word but certainly if the
president were to try to fire Muller and
to pardon
Paul manna for I think that would have
an interesting dimension and moving into
the midterm elections in about seventy
days from now Oliver if we come back
through Stevens I don't say prophecy
he's made it very clear it's not in the
business of prophecy let's call it a
prediction if we could all analysis that
we could see a scenario where the
Democrats take over at least the house
the House of Representatives in the
Congress how real does the possibility
of impeachment become in that scenario
well if the Democrats take over the
house or it could be just the opposite
the Democrats take over the Senate and
not the house I think politics in
Washington is always changing it's like
creating sausage I think they may
absolutely upset their base and and and
slow up impeachment they may slow up the
process of doing that because once
you're empowered and you also away from
campaigning you know how can you now
have to govern congressmen are basically
trying to govern for two years and they
may in one year in their term they got
to get reelected and raise money so they
may find that the obstruction of killing
the country putting through a
presidential Pietschmann may not be
politically savvy in Washington so you
may not have that all things may change
the president will change if the
Congress will change because there will
be about getting things done what we're
seeing right now is the swords and guns
and all kinds of things fencing with
each other because we're trying to get
into a rough-and-tumble midterm election
and this is something that each beside
at the base is trying to over promise
and under promise right now so I think
it's a little bit of an overconfidence
by as a winners curse that leads to real
obstructions in judgment and in certain
notifications and predictions no one
really knows what's ahead but we do know
but but it sounds like you're saying
impeachment is not a such a serious
possibility let me take that I think I
can see James and London shaking his
head do you agree with that though are
we moving actually despite what people
the transporters might call the media
hype are we actually moving further away
from a Trump impeachment I think we're
moving away from it I think the
impeachment word he's banded around far
too lazily unfortunately I remind
everybody there's not been a successful
impeachment and removal from office
under the full process in American
history there's been two cases where
American presidents Andrew Johnson and
Bill Clinton were impeached and they
retained their office afterwards there
was no vote to remove and Richard Nixon
of course resigned before the
impeachment process could be concluded
so this is not by any stretch an easy
process if the Republicans were to lose
the house and the Democrats controlled
that well they could in theory introduce
articles of impeachment but if the DEM
if the Republicans control the Senate
moving forward then any trial in the
Senate would almost certainly fall as it
did in the 1990s along pretty straight
parties and lines and Donald Trump would
repeat we survived an impeachment trial
quite frankly so the idea that somehow
you know Donald Trump could be impeached
at a drop of a hat
I think he's certainly a misnomer all
right Stephen do you think whatever
happens do you think that the White
House is going to be weakened the Donald
Trump presidency is on a course to be
weakened even if this doesn't end in an
impeachment and some kind of impeachment
process in one of the houses of Congress
well first of all I think James is quite
right I mean and there are Democrats
were arguing that if they do win the
house and do vote to impeach clearly it
will fail and that may energize Trump's
base and actually help help Donald Trump
but I think the swing will be visible
away from Trump in November I think the
White House is already weakened by its
own divisions and its own obsession
this Muller and what happens to the
president it's also spends quite a lot
of time trying to keep track of Donald
Trump's moods the other thing one should
say though which i think is quite
important is that there are a lot of
businessman in America who love Donald
Trump
I mean he's brought them a big big
corporate tax cut the stock market is at
record highs there are lots of corporate
people in America who think you know
he's been manna from heaven so you know
don't just Lumpkins his supporters into
this narrow group of disenfranchised
people that's really being quite unfair
to him I think ok let's say shift focus
a little bit and James I'm wondering
does a weakened White House in any way
mean the u.s. perhaps pursuing a
different trajectory on some of the
issues Donald Trump has done a 180 or
appears to be doing a 180 on when it
comes to whether it's global free trade
strained relations with allies like
Canada or NATO ally turkey the
palestinian-israeli issue the Iran deal
and so on and so forth is there any
reason to believe there might be a
change in tone if not substance on some
of those issues difficult to see Donald
Trump changing his tone quite frankly
he's been pretty consistent throughout
most of his career both as a businessman
and as a recent politician when you
think about the potential for a lack of
a loss of control over the House of
Representatives it's difficult to see
how that's going to impact foreign
policy to greatly very often in fact
almost always through the course of an
American presidency you see it beginning
with a domestic focus and moving more
and more towards an overseas focus as
the president's ability to get anything
through Congress diminishes and I think
Stephen rightly alluded to earlier on
we've seen this happen in the past the
idea that you're gonna see a shift away
from a domestic focus as Barack Obama
got everything done effectively in his
first two years in office if the
Republicans lose control of the Congress
I think what you'd see is present
from moving to become more of an
internationally focused president a
security to get anything done domestic
we've got 30 seconds left
let me give in 30 seconds Oliver do you
agree with that there's a post Trump
present post midterm election trump
presidency look any difference look very
different and how it approaches the
world I wholeheartedly agree as he said
to West Virginia he's created ten
trillion dollars in value since he's
been elected and the world leaders love
it the world countries right now are all
about the GA in NATO countries about
growth fast growth and fast capital and
fast technology so this is basically a
transactional diplomacy that is in the
Trump age different than relational
diplomacy that was post-world War two so
we're in a new century and so right now
leaders around the world Ryan Lessing
around that right now if I were Donald
Trump's advisors right now send him
abroad because it's poles go numbers go
straight up when it goes our foreign and
international trips all right might
depend where he goes though let's leave
it there for now and thank our guests
James boys Oliver Magee and Steven
Erlanger and thank you for watching the
show you can see it again any time by
visiting our website aljazeera.com and
further discussion go over to our
facebook page that's facebook.com
forward slash AJ Inside Story you could
also join the conversation on twitter
our handle there is at aj inside story
from me Sammy's a Dan and the entire
team here for now it's goodbye
