bah-ha jet sits with his grieving family
his 18 year-old son Abdullah B was shot
dead by an Israeli soldier during a
protest near the Gaza border fence on
March the 30th the Israeli army has
launched an internal investigation into
the incident and the shooting dead of
another 15 year old Palestinian during a
similar protest in July my son loved
life and he loved that others loved life
too when he heard about the protests he
decided to go and see he went peacefully
the Israeli snipers fire on protesters
like their turkeys it's like they're
playing a video game
Israel things that when the old died the
young will forget their rights but they
don't we need the international
community to help us in order to get our
rights they must help us have a homeland
like everyone else this is one of the
places along the border fence where
protests have been held every Friday
since the end of March a hundred and
sixty-seven Palestinians have been
killed in those protests and there is
clear video evidence that
abdun Lobby was shot in the head whilst
trying to help a fellow protester this
is Abdullah be running to help a man
carrying a tire which the protesters set
fire to dust is kicked up by bullets
hitting the ground around their feet a
shot rings out and a nubby forced to the
ground in the ambulance the bullet wound
to his head is clear in July the Israeli
army announced that an internal military
investigation into the deaths of a
hundred and fifty-three protesters was
expected to find that none of the
shootings violated open fire orders
instead it called the incidents mishaps
the conclusions of that investigation
are now with the Israeli military
Advocate General who can order further
investigations if he sees fit Gaza based
human rights organizations say an
independent international investigation
is needed our experience is that all
Israeli investigations are done detroy
preempt our war
before we send our findings to the UN in
Geneva what's needed is a thorough
unbiased look at what happened the
United Nations voted to send an
investigation team into Gaza in May and
it was to produce its findings by March
next year but there's no indication when
the team will start work and Israel has
a long history of not cooperating with
UN rights inquiries or allowing access
to Gaza the UN resolution condemned what
it described as the disproportionate and
indiscriminate use of force by the
Israeli occupying forces against
Palestinian civilians Israel responded
by saying it was being demonized Baha
jart says his son was shot for demanding
a better future for millions of young
Palestinians like him he doubts anyone
in the Israeli army will be punished for
killing him
Charles trafford al Jazeera Gaza
