there was a time during the long saga of
brexit when Prime Minister Theresa May
used to say no deal is better than a bad
deal no deal for Britain is better than
a bad deal for Britain boys it on many
occasions that no deal is better than a
bad deal by which she meant that falling
out of the European Union without a
trade deal was better than one which
didn't reflect the referendum results
but now it's becoming clear what no deal
might look like and it's giving people
the shivers the part has grabbed
everyone's attention is the possibility
of food shortages the UK imports fresh
food from places like the Netherlands
No Deal would mean the food might rot if
it's stuck in queues of the border the
fear of the economy shutting down
prompted Heathrow Airport to borrow well
over a billion dollars in case it brings
in no income at all for two months after
brexit the airport is contemplating the
events of planes not being able to fly
over European airspace and therefore not
land in London now after a week the
economy will start to collapse but his
businesses would activate all their
contingency plans big manufacturers
would close up shop they've moved the EU
EU citizens who start to leave on mass
the pound would tumble as we've never
seen before and anyone in that situation
he was still talking up an ideal
scenario saying we'd be fine would
quickly have to change tack and if there
was any public support before that would
evaporate too once people could see the
actual reality of an ideal scenario the
prospect of the motorway leading to the
Channel Tunnel and France becoming a
carpark because of customs delays the
nightmare of huge manufacturers shutting
down and rebasing on the continents are
all in theory possible the longer the
talks go on without an agreement brexit
errs those who wants a clean break with
the European Union dismiss all of this
is what they call project fear a
deliberate attempt to undermine a
democratic vote to leave the EU it will
be absolutely fine they say and indeed
some argue that a little economic
hardship is a price worth paying for the
UK to regain its sovereignty and no deal
brexit would test that theory
to destruction come with me and together
let's seize the day this sense of
impending disaster the idea that
politicians are fiddling while the UK
burns has struck many is sufficiently
surreal that it has a comic value this
video comparing brexit to the Titanic
disaster perhaps the very best
expression for people's worst fears
anything could happen
nothing can be ruled out Lawrence Lee
al-jazeera London
