if you like video games then this is the
place for you
Gamescom 2018 where gamers vie with each
other in person and online and for some
what cats are the sights and sounds of
virtual combat with people taking turns
to fight in digital wars surrounded by
reminders of bygone battles and of
course all the major names and games are
here games come for us as an opportunity
to reach more consumers in one place
than really anything else we do all year
350,000 gamers are here and so we're
bringing all of our latest games our
latest hardware our latest act to let
people experience the big games that are
coming for this holiday and beyond but
what about the here and now in hole
after hole there are legions of
enthusiasts kitted out like their heroes
drawn by the chance to play at games in
person they'd normally do at home and
often the interest level in a particular
game is shown by the length of the queue
to get in
just a chance to say the game before
this
nevertheless you situate just one
interesting feature at Gamescom reflects
a trend in modern gaming away from
consoles to all smartphones and tablets
specifically designed to optimize
digital play something several firms say
will define their future performance o
mobile gaming experience will be more
and more immersive and together with us
as hardware and software provider we can
make this whole ecosystem growing to
bring the users the best experience for
the future right now some people think
this is one of the best experiences
after launching last year fortnight now
has more than a hundred million players
and is earning its makers more than a
hundred million dollars a month it's
already won three prestigious awards and
for many here it's a clear favorite
Dominic Kang al Jazeera at the gamescom
Festival in Cologne
