Venezuelan government supporters try to
rev up enthusiasm for newly introduced
economic measures described by President
Nicolas Maduro as an economic revolution
to defeat hyperinflation yet
conspicuously absent from a rally in
front of the presidential palace was
Maduro himself who hasn't made a public
appearance since an apparent
assassination attempt on August the 4th
if the right wing crosses our path we'll
run over them like a train nothing will
stop our reforms just blocks away many
shops and markets remained closed some
adhering to an opposition called for a
national strike others unsure how much
to charge now that five zeros have been
slashed off the currency ahead of a
compulsories 3,400 percent increase in
the minimum wage they go into effect
September 1st the price hikes aren't
waiting two hours ago these eggs cost
1500 and when I came back with the cash
they were 2000 the bus company that
takes Venezuelans to the border remains
shut until further notice and that's not
all the web page to recharge mobile
phones for the moment it is not
operational one of the few things that
has not changed price are these bananas
they are now costing five of the new
bol√≠vares or 500,000 of the old ones
which is roughly the same if you take
away five zeros but according to the
people selling them by next week they'll
probably go up 300%
the government blames a crisis that too
brought unprecedented hunger and illness
on what it calls a domestic and
international economic war but many
economists warn the new measures will
only make things worse
novels you know they're implementing
fiscal measures to increase revenue
while refusing any type of international
financing or aid so they'll keep
printing out money and we'll see that
hyperinflation will not stop and amid
the uncertainty neither it seems will
the exodus of Venezuelans desperate to
find relief anywhere they can see a
human al Jazeera Caracas
