Oh mother anger days yeah it's a land
famous for its mystic spiritualism a
place where Saints and Swami's guard the
secrets of an ancient wisdom for
thousands of years people from India and
abroad have devoted themselves to these
holy men in their quest for tonight
but some gurus have proven to be far
from divine accused of rape murderers
and mass castration I'm Steve Chow on
this episode of 101 East we investigate
one Swami's spectacular fall and blind
faith many still have in him
they call him the Rockstar gurus the
not-so-subtle Swami of spirituality
this love charged holy man is good meat
Ram Rahim Singh and he says he's the
Messenger of God for almost 30 years he
has led the better such a sada
or the place of truth sect in northern
India he claims to have 60 million
followers worldwide an exaggeration
perhaps but his fans are certainly
enthusiastic Singh rebels in his
popularity he has funded several
Bollywood style films starring himself
not to mention his many music albums but
it isn't all discos and dancing Singh
has made headlines for his charitable
works spearheading environmental drives
campaigning for women's rights and
tackling drug addiction Kabir people
nationally Sibylla his charity work has
won him some influential friends
this is rambilas Sharma a cabinet
minister in Haryana State
he's not the only politician to bow
before the screw in the 2014 state
elections almost half of the ruling
party's candidates sought Singh's
blessing to his devotees he is a God
but others have called him the devil in
disguise
in 2002 an anonymous letter was sent to
the most powerful man in the country to
the Honorable Prime Minister Shri Atal
Bihari Vajpayee it was from a disciple
who lived in things ashram known in
Hindi as his Dara
what she wrote about the Guru shocked
the government respected sir
one day at 10 o'clock at night I was
informed that father has called me to
his room
she found her guru lying in bed next to
a gun watching a pornographic film
buzzer taking me in his arms he said to
me he would like to make love to me the
woman said she tried to stop him but
Singh wouldn't when I resisted he said
there was no doubt that he was God he
said that he can kill me without any
harm being done to him after that he
raped me and has been doing so for the
last three years the woman also revealed
that Singh was abusing other girls
if any girl dares to open her mouth
against all this Maharaj has ordered to
finish her off she begged the central
government to investigate she could
never have imagined that dozens of
people would be killed after she sent
her letter I cannot keep silent almost
300 kilometers north of India's capital
news of the letter spread through a town
called Sirsa it's the headquarters of
good neither ar-rahim Singh's sect
Kubota kofta the Dara had a lot of
influence people was scared of it they
had political power in khaki laughs
kvitko carbine a human
uncial Chatrapathi was born and raised
in fear sir he says almost everyone in
town followed or feared the Guru then in
2002 local officials and journalists
began receiving copies of the anonymous
letter
yaha view letter circulated ah Wow
wherever that letter was circulated
people would be enough
crushed people's offices were attacked
if they found out a shot was
photocopying the letter they'd attack
the shop log your hair people would
whisper amongst themselves nobody had
the courage to speak out against them no
one except uncle's father Ram Chandra
Chatrapathi was a small-town journalist
with a big reputation he ran his own
newspaper called Buddha such or the
whole truth apneic Marconi he didn't run
his newspaper like a commercial business
he ran it to serve our society whether
it was social issues or corruption or
political issues he would raise his
voice against powerful people
for years dark rumors have been
circulating about Singh and his Dara
whispers that he was involved in
land-grabbing
corruption and mysterious disappearances
in those days no media in Susa would
speak against the Dara they were scared
but even in this environment of fear my
father was reporting on shalls' father
published the anonymous letter with its
explosive allegations of rape
immediately got threatening calls I
immediately he started receiving
threatening calls telling him not to
report on this but he said you can't
stop me from publishing the truth
those threads soon turned deadly
on a cool October evening
two men rode towards the journalists
house uncial a university student at the
time was home with his father ham long a
beer dinner give day yeah we were
preparing to have dinner outside the
house somebody called my father's name
Ram Chandra Chatrapathi left his son and
went outside
within seconds uncial heard five
gunshots Romney yes what other key I
never thought that they would go to this
extent it never crossed my mind
the gunman flared in opposite directions
but they didn't get far
my secretary Yohei one of the shooters
was apprehended at the police post close
to our house they seized the weapon in a
walkie-talkie set from him
prosecutors say the two suspected gunmen
were Singh's disciples and the items
seized from them were registered to his
Dara allegations that Singh rejects
the assassination devastated chapter
with his family and his community I'm no
girl she hurt a bitch oh bitch
Johnny clay as the funeral procession
was going through Sirsa there were men
women children standing on the rooftops
they were throwing flowers on my father
people were so shaken by the terror
inflicted by the Dara osteen yet a car
masseuse hooah
that day I realized that people were
saluting the crusade that my father had
started we felt proud of him whatever he
did it wasn't wrong whoa help me
ever since then uncial has been fighting
for justice he has invited me to his
home in Susa where he lives under
24-hour police protection I am sure I'm
fine
yes of bubbly uncial is preparing for
yet another hearing in his father's
murder trial the state has charged Singh
with two murders including that of
uncles father but the case has dragged
on for over 15 years
and there's still no verdict it nobody
thought truth
it's what's giving us strength we've
taken on such a powerful Empire what are
we in front of them we're nothing uncial
says the Guru and his followers tried
every trick in the book to prevent him
from testifying
they never directly threatened me but
indirectly they tried really hard
through my relatives through a local
administrator through a former state
chief minister they tried to get me to
compromise
Jabar my reply was what more can they do
to us there's nothing more valuable than
life and that they've already taken for
the past 11 years the Central Bureau of
Investigation has assigned antral an
armed bodyguard the threat he says is
real the Guru's devotees aren't just
followers they're fanatics
this fanaticism spilled on to the
streets last August when good meat Ron
Rahim Singh was convicted of sexually
assaulting two of his female disciples
my own estimate personal estimate is
about 200,000 to 300,000 people were
present in in and around the court
premises at the time of the verdict
soomi-gol is one of the prosecutors
responsible for Singh's conviction in my
career as a lawyer I have never ever
even heard of so many people gathering
at the time of word so there was a lot
of tension at that point of time and
everybody had a sense of fear inside
that anything could happen what happened
was an all-out riot hundreds of
thousands of singing supporters rampage
through several cities burning media
vans train carriages and petrol stations
schools were closed markets were closed
everything goes to us so the city shut
down its but practically shut down for
two to three days
the government imposed a curfew and
deployed the army electricity supplies
mobile internet and cable television
were cut to prevent crowds from
gathering almost 40 people were killed
and hundreds injured in the mayhem
Hansraj chauhan says he watched with
horror as the carnage unfolded on TV for
13 years he was one of good meat Ram
Rahim Singh's most fervent followers
until the unthinkable happened
I meet Chauhan at a secret location with
his bodyguard he too is on a hit list I
can't tell anyone I need to change cars
Midway I need to call a friend to come
with me even today I had to do this
Chauhan says his parents sent him to
live and work for Singh when he was just
a teenager
one day the Guru summoned him he called
a meeting of his closest male devotees
there were about 400 500 people he said
we are going to remove your virility
after that your mind isn't going to
wander
you'll come closer to God Chauhan says
he didn't understand that the Guru was
talking about castration he said it's
just a small operation you won't feel
any pain or discomfort no one knew what
castration was Chauhan says he was sent
to the Dara's own hospital and
instructed to tell the doctors that the
Guru had blessed him they mixed
something in the Pepsi and gave it to me
to drink after that
I didn't know what they were doing to me
or where they were taking me I fell
unconscious and woke up three days later
Johan says he was in agony and his groin
was bandaged the door amantha I was in
pain for two months I couldn't walk
properly I was in bed rest my bandages
were changed every two three days before
and even after the operation
Johan says he was made to sign a number
of blank documents guru had put a lot of
property under the names of castrated
devotees he knew that we would never get
married or have children when we die we
leave the property here and he would put
his name on our power of attorney
he says hundreds of men and boys were
castrated he's now helping investigators
prosecute his former guru good meat Ram
Rahim Singh is already serving a 20-year
sentence for his rape convictions but he
continues to deny all charges of rape
murder and castration we tried to speak
with him but the Indian courts would not
give us permission we did however
interview his spokesman again from the
beginning to the end I have tried to
understand and investigate these
allegations I never saw anything that
indicated that a crime had been
committed Prakash Singh sawara is not
only a devotee of the Guru he is also a
relative he says men volunteered to be
castrated but are now blaming Singh
whoever has had this done it was their
choice he also dismisses the multiple
allegations of rape and murder against
his guru saying they are politically
motivated
mechanism our system is being used by
people who are communal corrupt and
Liars he refuses to identify which
people instead he quickly moves on
blaming a conspiracy
by drug dealers job Equis whenever a man
tries to clean up bad things in our
society he will be opposed by people who
profit from these bad things but sawara
saves his most passionate attacks for
the press and the investigators who put
his guru behind bars Indian media a
large part of the Indian media is making
a fool out of people it's not journalism
the Court itself admitted that the
media's coverage is influencing judges
as far as the Central Bureau of
Investigation goes it has been called a
puppet Sal whare believes his guru is a
victim and will soon be exonerated such
a bleep urethral say the truth hasn't
been completely buried and I believe
that some day it will come out and his
faith is shared by many other devotees
even now despite Singh languishing in
jail his sister ashram is packed with
followers it's more than 40 degrees in
the peak of summer and still thousands
of people have come to hear recorded
speeches by their guru
we were banned from filming inside the
ashram but we listened in to the dara'a
own film crew interviewing disciples
through our ethos currents in Lanka
business is a dough mafia just rubbish
their drugs Baystate one local channel
attack tovo guru teg love yes re-enter
cariago Agito Saboteur ante be a
political Jota has oh yeah do some cool
swag ex hearty music in the car
marabunta mother wishy-washy these
devotees say they will never believe the
allegations against their guru but would
they believe one of his most trusted
confidence
far from the sitter our SRAM we've
tracked down a man who was once willing
to die for the Guru today it's his life
that's in danger I believe that he was
God that he was a great soul I never
knew about the evil in him for 10 years
cutter Singh worked as a personal
bodyguard
driver and manager for good meet Ram
Rahim Singh he says he was present when
the Guru ordered the assassination of
journalists round Chandra Chatrapathi
after he published the anonymous letter
he was shown the local paper that Ram
Chandra Chatrapati published called the
whole truth the minute he saw the report
he was livid
he said silenced him forever in front of
me Christian law went in got a revolver
and a walkie-talkie set in front of me
he gave these to commit Singh who then
gave them to Nirmal Singh and cool dip
Singh and told them take this and kill
him as soon as possible
cutter has given a detailed account to
the courts of what happened that day he
says he also knows about the sexual
assaults there were a lot of girls who
were ready to come forward but the
problem is with our society tomorrow if
she wants to get married people will
point fingers at her and say she is this
kind of go because she's been abused so
these poor girls just swallowed their
pain like poison
they either kept silent or went home by
2005 cut Duff Singh says he'd had enough
the government did it when I stopped
going to Daraa
they sent follows to my home when I'd
leave the house they'd spit on me
he said if you say anything we are ready
for you I went to the police once or
twice and gave them my written statement
instead the police threatened me that's
when I thought if the police themselves
are not listening to me
then what's the point when word spread
that he'd gone to the authorities he
received a letter stained with blood
circa Riggleman quick Maria go to my
karma jamon iberico
bitch my CEO dr. lee jeongae or
therapeutic of bitch of a talker
dr k mardenborough a yoga or tarik of
initial dengue him an audience
are cheaper than Kia to suck the pollen
so yes we need more men to give her an
apple sookie being cooking poker nani
unique are not easily in counseling what
they have with the green cutter has no
doubt that his former guru is behind
these threats yet this guy is no saint
he is using spirituality as a
smokescreen to conceal murders but in
india singh is not the only
self-proclaimed saint accused of serious
crimes others include asaram bapu a
popular guru recently convicted of
raping a 16 year old girl and Swami
Nithyananda who is facing a spate of
charges including rape and criminal
conspiracy while tens of thousands of
Swami's here are devoted to serving
their communities spiritual
organizations are alarmed by these
controversies not only are they
dangerous but they are toying with faith
swami narendra giri heads an umbrella
group representing Hindu holy men he is
urging devotees to be cautious and
sensible his organization has taken the
unprecedented step of releasing a list
of fake gurus including good meat Ram
Rahim see these days anytime you switch
a TV on there's a guru sitting there
with a laptop people call in saying I'm
not married I'm losing money and getting
sick if you are sick go see a doctor if
you're not getting married go look for a
partner and you get married what's
concerning for us is how to break this
kind of blind faith that people have in
today's world there is no astrologer or
guru who can solve problems with the
press of a button all this is just to
make fools out of people
it's sage advice but in India belief
runs deep
even for Uncle Chuck Tripathi despite
his father's murder and his struggle for
justice
he says his faith remains unshakable so
Jamie God is in the truth whoever is
with the truth God is with him Yoga is a
JK's hot
