I am for me okay I'm Malika Vela and
you're in the stream live on al-jazeera
and YouTube today please go unrest and
jailing of a popular musician in Uganda
how will the arrest of Barbie wine
impact Ugandan politics join us with
your comments and questions through his
music and political platform Uganda's
self-described ghetto President Bobby
wine has become an outspoken critic of
President URI it was 70 who has been in
power since in 1986 the popular singer
turned politician was arrested last week
along with at least 30 other opposition
members after new 7yz motorcade was
attacked with stones soon after came
accusations of treason
now Bobby wine is being held in a
military prison charged with the illegal
possession of firearms and ammunition
the jailing and alleged mistreatment of
the musician by security forces sparked
protests and unrest earlier this week in
Kampala online the hashtags free Bobby
wine and release Bobby wine are being
used to bring attention to this case
since the weekend one protester was
killed and at least 68 have been
arrested so today we want to learn how
the arrests of Bobby wine and other
opposition voices will impact politics
in Uganda with us to talk about this in
Kampala rose bail cap Kagame ray a
journalist and reminder the founder of
the independent that's a newspaper in
Kampala and grace NASA Barlow is a
social media activist we also asked a
spokesperson from Ugandan government to
join our program but they declined our
offer but guess it is really good to
have you
Milica wish we start let's start with
the president's own words and that's via
Twitter this is President Museveni we
tweeted moments ago I have noted the
issue of unprincipled politicians taking
advantage of our unemployed youth to
lure them into riots and demonstrations
and this is something my government is
addressing this is part of a longer
statement that he's released on the
official presidential website but
race what do you make of the president's
comments there yeah thank you for having
me once again so I think this is the
kind of narrative that the president
wants to keep to make it sound like the
young people are not interested at all
in the politics and whatever is going on
but they are they might be unemployed
and that's a fact that many of them are
unemployed but it doesn't mean that they
don't care about what's happening in the
country and it doesn't mean that they
don't care that they don't see the
police brutality they don't see what
happened to Bobby Wayne so I think it's
just a narrative that he's been using
for the last several years just to get
people to feel guilty for participating
in most of these demonstrations so yeah
I had that before and for me it just
doesn't cut it
Andrew I want to show our audience some
pictures from Uganda from the last few
days
Edwyn shares this on Twitter a photo
journalist two voices photo journalists
here covering a story and you can see
what's being happening to him there he's
being beaten then we have a member of
parliament in hospital after also being
beaten and then there's a picture here I
can't show you the picture but read if
you want to go to at 80 Bobby wine then
you'll see this story here police has
shot my driver dead thinking they shot
me and then you need to scroll down
because I cannot show you that picture
on international TV Andrew what's going
on
well I shouldn't provide you context I
think about four months ago the
government of Uganda Fred its inspector
general of police and he will be
appearing in its general court-martial
but I think he had built a large network
of civic activists to provide him
information in time to be able to
contain riots the new team in the UN and
police and the military and not to use
it to containing protests and they think
there is a huge gap in the Ugandan
security apparatus that is why you see
them acting in such a desperate manner I
should also inform you
that the photographer you see being
bitten by the M in the streets used to
work with me at the independent and is a
very close friend to me so this is a
very emotional picture that you have
that you have shown me yeah and as a
journal of this and as a journalist when
you see that and when you know that
person do you feel that somehow
something's gonna wrong in Uganda in the
way that the media is even able to tell
this story
yes something is awfully wrong what we
are seeing are two things one the
government has run amok in the sense
that the security forces seemed exercise
very little restraint compared to the
previous times in the way they are
trying to contain protests and to the
government itself is absent because as
you have said at the beginning of this
show there is no government person to
defend the government on this show and
even within Uganda there is nobody on
the side of government providing an
explanation as to why the army and the
police can act with such an president
and brutality against the population you
know when you talk about brutality there
I think that is what a lot of people are
noting online particularly of course
when it comes to the men we've talked
about at the top of the show and you
guys have both mentioned Bobbie wine who
an MP this is Tony who tweets the
detention and torture of Bobbie wine is
why we protest we demand the state to
free Bobby wine such that he excesses
proper medication he's using that
hashtag which has been used several
times 97,000 as of one day that was on
Tuesday and the number has only gone up
talking about that I want to pivot here
to a tweet from our own Al Jazeera
correspondent this is Catherine soy she
says we spoke with edwin yahweh bobby
wines brother says the MP is still in a
lot of pain he has a ruptured kidney two
broken toes and fingers the family will
hold a press conference in the next 20
minutes to update on his condition
Rosabelle the masses that we've seen on
the streets the protests that have come
out and support a bubbly wine do they
surprise you at all
now they don't and unlike Andrew saying
this is unprecedented no it's not
unprecedented we have had several
protests and we have seen brutality on
our streets of Kampala let's not forget
during the 2011 walk to work protests
one of the opposition leaders were
almost blinded and that was including
there were aspects of the of them of the
security that executed that and this is
not the first time we are seeing such
level of brutality the difference here
is the sheer courage that young people
are bringing to the streets and willing
to go to the streets and if you notice
the the protests were not just in
Kampala they've been a product in
sporadic in different parts of the
country it was in me Tiana town and
there was today morning in the eastern
parts of the country and as Bobby one is
going to be paraded before the court
tomorrow
there's appreciation that more is yet to
come but we have not it's not new we
have seen this kind of brutality the
differences maybe the large scale of
treatment of journalists that the the
military is unafraid to do that to
really beat journalists on camera and in
also not only James Akina but very many
journalists some journalists were
charged with inciting violence for
simply being with their microphones and
doing life coverage and consequently the
media is not other TVs are not giving us
live coverage any more of the events
that are happening grace I see you
nodding go ahead yes I'm just agreeing
with Roseville what we see it's not new
every time there is an election that
stakes are high there's the opposition
then you have the ruling party and it
always ends up in you know running
battles with police I do not know why
our politics is always bloody I I don't
know where all this started I don't know
why we can't have just a peaceful
election but so for the last few years
every time we've had an election
there's always running battles between
the opposition the police the ruling
to support us and in the opposition so
it's endless and even just targeting
journalists it's nothing new so yeah I
agree with words well none of this is
new it's just maybe this time around
it's a new younger face that is Bobby
Wayne Grace and Rosa are here and sure I
want to give something to you actually
because I hear what Roosevelt and and
grace are saying but there are a few
people on line not many in our community
but a few who would disagree with them
this is one person who says Bobby and
his group have been intimidating and
assaulting voters during elections it
will restore sanity in Uganda's politics
to have him out of the picture we won't
accept intimidation and violence in our
politics another person answering a
question we asked why do you think Bobby
wine was arrested this person says he
was inciting youth to stone the
president's motorcade plus illegal
possession of a gun things that his camp
has denied but Andrew what do you make
of these two comments well I have no
evidence whatsoever that Bobby Wayne
individually was inciting his supporters
to throw stones at the presidential
motorcade
neither do I have evidence that he had
guns in fact I suspect that the guns
were planted by security forces in his
room was my suspicion but what I can say
is that the people who protest against a
government in Uganda are not necessarily
Liberal Democrats seeking a much more
tolerant and accommodating the
government remember these are young
people who are angry with us for
whatever the reasons and the protest and
expression of anger not an expression of
their values but I just wanted to come
back the issue of protest we should
remember that wherever there is a
protest whether it is in Sweden Norway
the United States or any country in the
world the police and the protesters will
not be kissing and handing the child on
the streets that is rare
why said this is unprecedented and I'm
happy the nearest event
Rosberg and what is 2011 which is eight
years ago is that I have not seen the
Ugandan military police looking at
journalists as targets of the attack it
was in 2011 when they beat the
opposition politician the opposition
politician called mr. cheese a doctor
she's arrested was specific
etiquette of the attack that I could
understand but here what I see is a bit
rare and restrained attacks on
journalists who are covering this event
they they are not attacking protesters
who are throwing stones at them who are
throwing Molotov cocktails at them they
attacking generalists holding cameras
and who are not even fighting back
I find that unprecedented guess I have
to say that Bobby wine has been a guest
on the stream not once but twice and we
talked about his politics and talked
about what it was like a somebody who
was just an ordinary Ugandan saying I
want to be part of this political
process it's almost as if one track
Dembe we could foresee the kind of
trouble that you could get himself into
Dembe means peace let's have a little
listen to the words of Bobby wine I
think they're really appropriate for
right now and do the opposite isn't just
about one musician turned politician
there there is this this rising need for
people to say we want something
different for Uganda but Bobby wins
politics you don't like them do you know
I don't I find Bobby Wayne individually
and but most especially his supporters I
find them intolerant I find them
anti-democratic I find them on both
because I has they have told me before
these are not people who are saying we
want a Uganda where there can be
tolerance of divergent ideas that you
can have a conversation and disagree to
disagree for them if you disagree them
with them they will have abuses and
insults at you they will use what would
call sale cyberbullying two-cylinder to
light blackmail to do practical
everything in fact I worry that that
that's a whole section of the community
you're talking into Andrew I should tell
you grace
I actually interact largely with the bob
un support
does or men opposition activists via my
social media platform and I don't I
don't know what everybody's house but
then what I see from them
scares me as a person who is interested
in open and free debate I'm sure there
many enlightened you gardeners out there
who strongly believe that we need to
have an environment where we can debate
our disagreements in a civic manner and
agree to disagree but to undermine
people's anger and to undermine a big
section of society that is talk right
now and you cannot use a severity idea
that just because you and I was City and
talk that the rest of the country when
you say that every protest in in all
over the world there's always some
scrumptious it's not true in Uganda I
participated in the women's March in
June on June 30th the for the first time
the police were not engaged with anybody
and we managed to walk peacefully and we
obeyed but often we see that the
government whenever that people come to
the street it's because something has
gone awfully wrong because the
government controls who can go to the
street and pretty much nobody we have
the Public Order Management feel it's
like begging for your right to protest
so when you're seeing the people that
are supporting Bobby wine and expressing
anger anger is a very important feeling
and whoever is in charge of this country
must listen to the people's anger so I
don't agree with you that just because
people are angry that they are not see
for that they are not willing if given
the space given their right to protest
that they would not take it up I began
to my people Rosberg
I don't mind people being angry what I
am saying is when those who are angry
indulge in cyber bullying use lies
slander intimidation literal shot up
their opponents then that is not the
type of expression of anger that I'd
like to see out let's see people angry
but agree that we can disagree assuming
if you can use the only power you have
which is the power of online player and
platform to intimidate and certainly you
are opponents but if you get into
and I have control of the state's
instruments of coercion and repression
the police and a me would you act
differently because we must that you
criticize the government the fact that I
think you're just speaking the really a
bit of a few supporters you have done
this with Kizza Besigye you tend to say
that every support every pretty much
every opponent that comes up just people
who want to offer alternative facts want
to say these are angry people you can't
trust them with power well the man who
is ruling Uganda for 32 years was angry
enough when he was young he took guns we
are not trying to take that you can
internal try to take guns they are
looking for a way to express themselves
and that has not been allowed to them
that put us aside the fact he has
managed to get people elected into
Parliament so you cannot discredit him
as some person on the streets that has
no aim he has managed to rally around
supporters and get better get elected
himself hear what you're saying Andrew I
hear your point as well I want to jump
in here because I would agree in our
community and true and someone on line
is hearing what you're saying and they
think that your idea of Tolerance they
tweet in is mate maintainence
maintenance of the status quo so that's
one person who disagrees with your
viewpoint but I hear what you are saying
I want to push on just a little bit to
this point because a couple of people
have raised this this is a bull on
Twitter who says Bobby wine represents a
new wave of revolutionaries that the
president thinks can pose a threat to
his grip on power and he gives hope to
the youth who become helpless that that
same theme is echoed in this Facebook
pose this is McDonough says Bobby wines
arrest has brought together the social
classes that have been suspicious of
each other in the past in relation to
what needs to be done about Museveni's
long stay in power it's reduced the
chances of a class war when was
seventies time ends and now is a good
time for players in the opposition and
civil society to get their act together
so grace I want to bring you in here on
that do you think that the government
sees what we whine as a threat and this
is why we're seeing what we're seeing
and
and in relation to this Facebook comment
has this then brought people together
against row 7e yeah I think Bobby wine
is the new face in the politics and he's
brought a lot of people together because
people really liked his music they loved
the music they loved the month and now
he's in politics and they feel he speaks
for them he speaks for the middle class
he speak all the songs he sings you know
they touch almost everyone so I guess
the government now sees him as a bit of
a threat because he's sort of mobilizing
even without knowing him he's busy
mobilizing people just people in the
office on the streets through the song
through him campaigning and just you
know representing our views so most of
us feel like yeah this is someone new on
the block so yeah the cupcake feels
threatened because the more young people
Bobby Wayne pulls in the more the ruling
government knows that you know at some
point people's will get more involved in
politics and eventually though it
Airways will be hard and they will go to
the streets probably fourteen twenty
twenty-one so that's why he's causing a
bit of arahat let me share this with you
this is from the president's Twitter
feed so have a look here on my laptop I
won't start it till you get here catch
up here we go let me just press play and
this is the president here saying
violence threats and intimidation in
elections will not be tolerated
this is his perspective of that local
by-election that grace was telling us
about a little bit earlier and this is
where was the catalyst for a lot of the
violence the comments underneath
fascinating let me just stop one here
steve says Idi Amin once spoke the way
you are speaking now beyond me was a
famous dictator in Uganda please sir no
pick a war with the use it won't end
well Andrew so many young people in
Uganda so many young people who want to
be employed I'm wondering if there's a
Bobby wine effect that's happening right
now whether you for saying hey we can be
politicians we can be engaged we can be
involved or do you think it's once Bobby
is has finished his his tenure as an MP
then we're done
oh well I I don't I cannot easily
predict the future what I can say is
that the Middle East in Uganda are
increasingly educated and urbanized and
this has given them a lot of exposure of
course this exposure has also given them
very high aspirations the challenge
Uganda is facing is that the rate of
growth in the aspirations is faster than
the rate at which our economy can create
opportunities for them so the mismatch
between their aspirations and the
availab opportunities is creating social
frustration that is understandable every
society that has got gone through the
process of structure change like Uganda
has suffered that the challenge we face
as a country and is that how do you
manage that transition it is not trust
Roosevelt says that because you could
say some seven it means you're a better
alternative that's why I disagree with
Ugandan elites you see under Hitler came
to power through democratic elections in
Germany and he was the worst tyrant in
the world that doesn't that did not make
the fact that he could sense the Weimar
Republic a better alternative in in
Libya they had a horrible dictator
called Gaddafi and he was opposed by the
Misrata brigade the people who took over
power after him were criticizing him the
Misrata brigade have created annika in
that country and we must be very careful
yes I wiII come opposition politicians
in Uganda Manuel around who are
democratic they lead by which a mundo
and so many other members of parliament
from the opposition I disagree with the
two politicians only don't achieve the
message and the Bobby Wayne because I
think that they mobilize radical
extremism that is intolerance to
democratic way to liberal democratic
values and the best they can establish
is a tyranny they are incapable of
tolerating their opponents that's how
they behave let me share this headline
with Amos ebony ignore Bobby wines
injuries fake news so what do you make
of the way you're present right now his
administration is dealing with this
unrest is dealing with opposition with
dealing with successful opposition so I
have told you that I disagree I have got
I call them the behavior of the security
forces I actually even find the
president's reaction comical it should
tell you something
but it is only the president out there
issuing statements on a daily basis as
if the government doesn't have a
spokesperson the AMA does not have a
commander the police does not have
the communications person to respond so
the failures of the government of Uganda
are very clear what I'm saying is that
you should be very clear that the fact
that you have a bad government in
authority a bad regime in authority does
not necessarily make anyone opposing it
an angel you can have evil or posing
evil if if I said no saben is bad or
terrible I would additi Bobby Wayne and
his supporters the experience I have
with them is a horrible horrible
tentative oh never want to see them
govern our country I'll have a reply
here from several people on Twitter but
I'll just read one mo says dear and
Ramon that we free Bobby wine supporters
do not appreciate you calling us unruly
or cyber bullies we're trying to speak
out against injustice and mostly
peaceful protests the police always come
out to brutalize us how are we to
express our dissatisfaction so several
people with that thought but I want to
move on to this point in the last few
minutes of our show in say on YouTube
says the arrest of Bobby wine is a
watershed moment to Ugandan politics
it's the beginning of the end for your
Museveni's regime
grace in about a minute would you agree
with that well I think we I can't
conclusively say that this is the end of
Mussolini's regime but I see it as the
beginning of something new and a
beginning of a conversation a beginning
of you know you have conversation about
politics how the young people see
themselves in future right now they see
themselves in the eyes of poppy wine and
they have hope so it depends on how they
you know that because we have elections
in 2021 it's still kind of far away so
it would depend on how the next how many
is it three years ago I think it's the
beginning of something different and
something that's giving people hope so
yeah I would say this is the beginning
of something I do not know if it's the
end of seven Israel yet Roswell and
really grace thank you so much for being
part of this program we don't have Bobby
wine in this program it would have been
nice to have him here and his voice here
but I am able to bring you his voice his
opinion by his music so we will end this
show with freedom thank you guess thank
you
this conversation yeah buddy
