at this mosque and rule Herat province
sit men aged beyond their years their
skin tells the toll of a harsh climate
poverty and the encroaching threat of
the Taliban now there is a new danger
that's beyond their control
agriculture their main livelihood is
turning to dust two-thirds of
Afghanistan is facing a severe drought
rain never arrived in the winter or the
spring and now it's summer we're
suffering a lot because of this drought
we had so many animals and we lost all
of them there's nothing left for us
these animals that are left we are
feeding just once a day we're just
trying to keep them alive at 50 sarios
the matriarch of her family the currency
hare runs and liters and they are
wealthier than most she is kept 20 sheep
alive from her flock of 150 we
sacrificed our animals that they should
be the first victim rather than losing
our children in piranha village and
across Herat province agriculture
provides 95 percent of income so when
the water dried up and their livestock
and crops died many were forced to leave
for the city the UN estimates more than
80,000 people have abandoned their homes
and traveled to her art city the main
hub in the West all in a search of water
and this is what they found
blankets held by sticks anchored by
rocks formalized into a community of
thirsty people children suffer from skin
diseases malnutrition and eye infections
from the dust some people have been here
for four months living on nothing more
than bread and water fatima is here with
her daughter-in-law and two
grandchildren the drought made them poor
and then her son was killed by the
Taliban when my son died my life was
ruined we lost everything we left our
village everything went like the wind I
told my grandchildren that your father
is not here to help you there's nothing
here for us
my grandchildren could
I hear you tell me what should I do
we're in God's hands the numbers are
expected to rise the UN cautions they
may double the summer will wear on the
water will dry up and more people will
likely come here looking for answers
that the Afghan government is not
providing the UN is slowly filling the
gap offering water now and food from
September Charlotte Bellis al Jazeera
Herat Afghanistan
