work at the scene of the bridge
collapses now switched from the search
for bodies to a search for clues
firefighters are working under the
supervision of the prosecutor's office
to collect any evidence that might help
them piece together the cause of the
tragedy but working out exactly what was
and therefore who is responsible might
prove even more difficult as for their
collapsing bridge the number of vehicles
that actually employed it compared to
the first years of its operation are
more than four times the same number of
vehicles and each of them is normally
much heavier than it used to be 40 or 50
years ago a survey by the Italian
Consumer Association has identified 22
bridges on the country's motorway
network that are showing worrying signs
of degradation one of them was on the
main highway between Genoa and Turin we
look beneath the spans to see for
ourselves we found this crude plank of
wood stapled to cover the cracks in the
structure the steel rods used to
reinforce the concrete were all showing
signs of corrosion the bridges are an
economic lifeline to the nearby towns
like AB terrain
the mayor said people here were all too
aware of the dangers this bridge has
been reported on for a while here with
pictures on Facebook for sure we'll be
approaching the company about what they
can do Dinah's in the restaurant told us
they went out of their way to avoid
driving on the motorway it's now a
sophisticated geo radar has now been
installed on the remains of the bridge
in Genoa to monitor any dangerous
movements but it's not just Italy that
has to learn the lessons from this
tragedy the French government have just
published their own assessment of
state-run motorway networks and they've
identified 840 bridges which are showing
dangerous structural defects which could
cause collapse it's taken more than 40
deaths here to raise the awareness of
the government to the
scale of the problem and it could be one
that stretches right across the European
Union David chata al-jazeera general
