exhausted but happy almost 300 refugees
and migrants rescued after setting out
from Morocco in rubber rafts and
spending the day adrift this is the
southern Spanish port of our Casillas
moster from West Africa including Guinea
Ivory Coast and Mali the youngest is
just a month old
this mother tells me she's hungry
already missing the taste of tapioca and
fish from home 23 year old Hasan Lee
arrived in Spain two months ago he was
not positioned party youth organizer in
Guinea Conakry but told us he fled to
escape arrest he crossed from Morocco in
a dinghy like this packed with 50 others
paying as much as 4000 euros each I
couldn't turn back the Arabs forced us
aboard with machetes at one point the
engine gave out and I saw death before
me I asked God to pardon me it was the
worst moment of my life it was a
catastrophe
a Spanish NGO pays Hassan's board and
lodging until his political asylum
request is processed and the advice I
give to my African brothers is that
crossing the Mediterranean is for crazy
people don't risk your lives but hope
for a better future
is a powerful magnet standing here helps
put things in a lot better perspective
there's just 15 kilometers of sea that
separates Spain from the north coast of
Africa and if you're standing over there
Europe must look like a dream that you
can almost touch at City Hall mayor Jose
Ignacio lander Lucy of the opposition
People's Party says the surge in
migrants arriving has become a crisis de
que no tenemos sofyan tell you that we
don't have sufficient aid to help all of
Africa and we don't have enough capacity
to receive all those who want to come we
have to use our heads because the budget
simply is not big enough human rights
activists say the People's Party is
scare mongering
back at the port it's after midnight
hundreds Morris still arriving a sick
woman is stretchered off some huddle
under Red Cross blankets and wait to be
registered and a baby cries for his
mother he hasn't yet realized he's in
safe hands
Karl Penhaul al Jazeera Al Casillas
Spain
