India home to more than a billion people
a land of great diversity and beauty yet
one which has been scarred by a legacy
of violence between Hindus and Muslims
the second most populated country in the
world
India is home to more than 12% of the
world's Muslim population some of
India's hundred and fifty-four million
Muslims live here in an area at the
heart of the country's capital Delhi and
a few of them will be making the annual
Hajj pilgrimage to Mecca in Saudi Arabia
I see that about
Kusum Begum is shopping for things to
take on the Hajj pilgrimage which she
and her husband Hafez will soon
undertake they live in Urdu Bazar a
vibrant market area in Delhi and home to
more than 1 million Muslims fulsome is
on her way to the home of her son and
daughter-in-law who also live in the
area Hamada had Scania my onboard crew
susiana
imaginable dominant unit Alanna of a
Malta monopoly caddy hobnob you Lara who
she said I'm never never Chickasaw
Bacardi I need a manatee I'ma be Nutella
de la mañana de la almudena Vlado of an
italian-american Medina gay a mental
monopolies who gave I'm obligated Allah
Allah Tala Humberto so siento so
sickening Natalia Marilee of Nerium ad
carton happiness I'm an LaDonna hammock
Africa the co robic vinegar metabiotic
as Hammond tequila program say / -
chorim
Mottola Tulagi but that man had not
thought of as a from the Hindi but I did
Satya Alejandra fluent Americans acadec
no wonder father
Allah Allah Allah Allah cool 'some son
also applied to go on the hash with his
wife but they didn't get selected for
visa approval in India whether you get
to go on the Hajj depends quite
literally on the luck of the draw
I loved your doorman Armani my buddy
you guys all right guys I gotta get
moving on a variety
the old couple were fortunate they were
delighted when they heard their names
had been picked in the lucky draw
since being selected they have been
counting down the number of days before
they leave for mecca disco disco
I mean you she becomes
hafiz and Colson have a large family
their children are all now married with
families of their own
Hafiz runs a small fish and vegetable
stall in the market they have worked
hard for the last 30 years to ensure
that each of their children received an
education now that their parental
responsibilities have been discharged
they feel that this is the right time to
perform as their abdomen Arabic version
Hadj pilgrims in India are taken care of
by a special committee known as the Hajj
Manzon which was set up in 2002 it comes
under the Ministry of Foreign Affairs
while there are private agencies who
also handle pilgrimages those who go
through the committee receive a subsidy
from the government
however they are subjected to a draw of
lots which determines who goes and who
doesn't
the Hodgeman zealand deli handles the
largest number of pilgrims compared to
the ones in Mumbai Hyderabad and Chennai
it is here that the bulk of Muslims from
northern India converged for the Hajj
journey
outside the Hajj manzil centre stalls
run a brisk business selling all kinds
of has related essentials to pilgrims
you hear my offer comes along from La
Salle soon doctor 100 Solomon Dilber
ambushed away
yes familiar Orsolya / Amla bottom
coffee ideal over them when the officer
tranche and delicious you pee say you
had occasion to stand you're gonna wanna
say our idea team on this is what got
down low don't watch the idea that we're
up there or just the league I do prefer
an ideal Oklahoman loves it maybe
someone and vodka home based and they
set or talk we're a mutineer a joy of no
animosity legging a soccer ball to
negative SEO oradea is obligated like a
Apollo era un a circular they give
not far from the Hajj Monson and close
to the order Bazaar neighborhood where
Hafez and Kusum live is the largest and
best-known mosque in India the jama
masjid it was built by Shah Jahan the
same Mughal Emperor who built the Taj
Mahal some four hundred years ago it is
the largest mosque in Asia and its
courtyard can hold up to 25,000
worshippers
in recent times the mosque has been a
target for bomb attacks
cameras are not allowed inside the
mosque and security guards screen all
who enter
the Muslim community living around the
mosque and in the area of Ordo bazaar is
known for its strict orthodoxy
58 year-old Babu Han is typical of this
community
he runs a small shop selling garments
each time he talks about God he is moved
to tears cuts up come on in here we
breathe
Buddha sigani doen young man
we sup good you know a lot imagine I
have to be careful to whom man who
 a Cabana cake
Babu Khan has lived in the hope of being
selected to go on the Hajj in his view
destiny has finally chosen him Alpha
Team
dobar parakeet rumor of you Oberyn
Martell about money birthday
Gilligan you gotta make both got a buggy
or manager from Falcon abducted her
mother book movie or better days
Kimmy Megan on the strength of his
garment shop Babu Han has not only
raised the family of eight children
he's also managed to save enough money
for the Hajj trip for himself and his
wife
cool sermon hearthis are also preparing
for the trip their son and
daughter-in-law were not selected so the
elderly couple will be going on their
own their son for his parents many of
half-asses neighbors come to wish him a
good trip the sense of communal
connection is strong in the Ordo bazaar
area the Muslim population is close-knit
with bonds often made tighter by
marriage ties although there are over a
hundred and fifty million Muslims in
India Islam remains a minority religion
here with kösem about to depart her
daughter-in-law is overcome with emotion
pilgrims have died in the crush of the
crowds during past Hajj pilgrimages some
pilgrims even believe it is a blessing
of sorts to pass away while performing
the Hajj for those loved ones staying
back home this does not make it any
easier and sending off the pilgrims is
an occasion of mixed emotion
a few streets away Babylon is also
getting ready to leave
Mariana Bahama Serena Bhima Joe Cooper
Wally did our admission Mohammed Atta
Roman
30 minutes I will do a I'm inhaling
we gotta be Karina Karina but oh man the
towel melikhaya this only caboose car
totally is an idea that is Emma con man
John Kerry Conejo competitor to food
Patania my mother gave Duncan Apocalypse
Now to scar
cause it's got a really popular
substance thank you very much captain I
cannot get it
I mean you know I didn't Pelican Pelican
see that I have with Mahalakshmi what
are those miracles we gotta come up with
a huggable toes miracle
Toby beguiles kanaka tamil kanakam a how
you can put verbal hands relatives and
neighbors are not about to let him and
his wife leave alone true to Indian
tradition Garland's are heaped on the
travellers
there is an outpouring of joy from all
the well-wishers around the lucky couple
traveling for the house about Fuji or
people to the collegia when you're lucky
trap Showtime my real number is all of
the cardigan AI to her mother chief
character it becomes becomes a garage
may ignore Maya may be a septum of you
kill Connie I'm a rural area so
maravilla tohno-kun I may not connect
the send-off party typically runs into
the hundreds as everyone who knows the
pilgrims come to say farewell
babbu Khan and his wife will be
traveling for more than two hours from
their home to the Hajj terminal airport
several special hash flights have been
arranged by the Indian government for
this period to cater to some 1,400
pilgrims half is unwholesome have also
arrived at the airport terminal their
son Abbot has one last chance for a
final goodbye
phurba book on the pilgrimage is a
defining moment in his life and his
faith he has worked hard over many years
to save up for this trip to Mecca
married couple oh hell no that's hurting
each other
America is a joke Mariama will be hums
oh there's a hockey a terrible who's
coming up Biagio Jericho acid resolution
ik accessibility W both accelerate
Marshall Marine multiple infusion
yeah other instruments
you
