back after his trip to Saudi Arabia and
Turkey US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo
has been briefing his boss he says both
sides promised full transparent
investigations
they also assured me that they will
conduct a complete thorough
investigation of all of the facts
surrounding mr. Khashoggi and that they
will do so in a timely fashion and that
this report itself will be transparent
and he reiterated the strong us-saudi
links that continue to be important
counterterrorism partner
they have custody of the two holy sites
they're an important strategic alliance
of the United States US Treasury
secretary Steve munition was also in
that meeting whatever he had he and I
shortly after he would now not be
attending an important international
investment conference in Riyadh later
this month joining a growing
international boycott when Pompeo sat
down with Saudis chrome Prince Mohammed
bin Salman known by his initials MBS he
had him firmly deny any involvement in
the journalists disappearance but former
Vice President Joe Biden says he's had
doubts about the man who is essentially
Saudi Arabia's rule like that there is
very little sense of rule of law respect
for human rights dignity and you know
the allegations that are made so far no
no yet are not inconsistent with the way
the Kingdom would act and there's
growing skepticism in the US Congress
repeated Saudi claims they have nothing
to do with Jamal khushu g's
disappearance I just every country in
the Middle East as much as I trust gas
station sushi it has been shameful to
see the president's be the mouthpiece
for the regime The Washington Post on
Thursday published an opinion piece
written by Jamal khashoggi and sent by
his assistant the day after his
disappearance prophetically he
criticizes the lack of international
response to the abuse of journalists in
Arab countries like Saudi Arabia and
Egypt writing these actions no longer
carry the consequences of a backlash
from the international community
instead these actions may trigger
condemnation quickly followed by silence
as a result he continues Arab
governments have been given free rein to
continue silencing the media at an
increasing rate once reminding the u.s.
they cannot turn their back on this
incident no matter how strong the
historic tides
Allen Fisher al Jazeera Washington
