the whole country shared the grief of
the families of the victims as they
joined together for a day of mourning in
Genoa some boycotted the ceremony
because they blamed the state for the
negligence that led to the tragedy but
for those attending the solemn dignity
of the service provided some comfort
some relief from the pain as overwhelmed
in krolow del Ponte more on the Sutro
rent the collapse of the Miranda bridge
slashed the heart of Genoa the deep
wound is caused above all by the immense
pain for those who lost their lives and
those wounds were everywhere a Manuel
Diaz lost his brother Henry he'd been
taken by him to the airport for a flight
to Colombia when he landed he heard
about the bridge collapsing the first
pictures from the scene showed his
brother's car in the wreckage he will be
remembered for the wonderful person he
was
he sent was brutal tragic but somehow it
wasn't painful because he never realized
that the kiss of death was approaching
the politicians and the dignitaries have
now left only the friends and first
family of the victims are here to give
each other support and watch each other
and help each other as the victims make
their final journey on the key side of
the port they were bid farewell with
applause then a sudden downpour of rain
came down much like the beginning of the
violent storm that brought down the
bridge and ended their lives
soon after the senior executives
responsible for overseeing it made their
first public appearance we have to do we
want to do and we will do whatever we
can to alleviate the suffering the
company announced they would rebuild the
bridge but this time it will be made of
steel
the Italian president sergio mattarella
was touring the site before the funerals
the company said they would spend more
than five hundred million dollars to
help the families of the victims and
find new housing for those who lived
bridge but there was no apology from
they said apologies came with
responsibility and just who was
responsible as yet to be established
david Chater
al jazeera genoa
