homes nearly submerged in floodwater
people forced to leave their properties
behind in order to avoid the floods or
landslides this has been the scene for
over a week as the southern Indian state
of Kerala battles heavy rains the
subsequent floods are being described as
the worst in nearly a hundred years
tomorrow we'll be going to Europe water
levels are rising since yesterday the
rains have been heavy it's still ongoing
people are worried the floodwaters and
mudslides have killed hundreds of people
since the start of the monsoon season in
June some parts of the state have
received nearly double the average
annual rainfall one 300,000 people have
been forced out of their homes and that
has not been easy as waters flood access
points in many areas leaving AER
evacuation as the only option the
rainfall has led to massive landslides
where chunks of the mountain have come
down blocking the entire stretch
although the clearance team is working
to open the road it's unlikely it will
happen people have been shifted to camps
in the nearby areas weather forecasters
say heavy rains will continue over the
weekend but will ease afterwards but
while that is good news for those
affected in Kerala the rains will likely
be drifting to other states in the
country that is for the future though
right now the relief effort is in full
swing here in the state capital which is
far enough south to escape the work that
the plan
there are five Eve collection points
like this one each with hundreds of
volunteers all sorting through donations
and putting them on the trucks to send
or their abyss kits rice medicines and
toiletries and then the irony in Kerala
right now what is needed most is water
Andrew Thomas al-jazeera
Thiruvananthapuram Kerala
