this mosque in Doha is education city
suburb is famous for its architecture
the emboss words of a clown on the wall
and a building that rests on five
pillars representing the five
requirements of Islam one of these is to
attend the Hajj pilgrimage in Saudi
Arabia but worshipper Ibrahim kisaku
says since the Saudi imposed blockade on
Qatar he's been unable to do so I
applied last year just two days before
the placate and it happened that I paid
and gave my passport to to the agency
and the blockade happened just three
days later so I was was not able to do
so on kisaku is from France but lives in
Qatar and has attempted to gain a visa
many times over but he's constantly told
the same thing apply from your country
of origin there Saudi embassy you need
the stuff from them and it was not if I
was not able to get the visa last night
his case isn't unique many worshipers
here in Qatar face the same difficulty
it's not possible to apply anymore it is
not like Saudi Arabian Council or
embassy used to apply from so it's not
possible anymore this shouldn't happen
and for any Muslim anywhere in the world
I don't think that but something like
this has to do with them political
issues it's something religious people
attending this mosque live in Qatar but
have come from all over the world many
here say they'd like to apply to Hajj
but it found no clear mechanism to do so
instead many say they have no choice but
to apply from their own country
something they say is time-consuming
costly and against the core principles
of Islam Saudi authorities say they've
set up a website to handle requests from
countries who wish to go to Hajj but
Carter's Ministry of Religious Affairs
says the border crossing remains closed
there are no planes transferring people
from Doha and there's no clearly defined
way of applying for Hajj agencies the
organized hutch travel from Qatar say
they've also been banned by Saudi Arabia
and I've heard a lot of things about
going back to another country and then
applying for a hutch from there which is
not very convenient for a lot of people
prior to the blockade Jasmine says she
would simply drive to Saudi Arabia with
her family it was almost like a family
vacation or like a road trip so it was
really fun Jasmine says she's more
familiar with Saudi Arabia than her
country of origin and since she lives so
close to the border she doesn't
understand why it's become so difficult
to perform Hajj law Roberta manley al
jazeera Doha
