nobody knew their names and soon the
letters spelling out unknown migrant
will peel away to the gravedigger Paco
Iglesias remembers where they're all
buried a lucky few have been identified
Merlin Yacouba and little hope they know
destiny we all have our own destiny we
all know when we're born but none of us
really know when we're going to die
Paco's worked at this cemetery and
tarifa on Spain's southernmost tip for
15 years when a refugee or migrant dies
mourners rarely come I've got a heart
and we're all human beings whether you
know them or not you must treat them
well if this ever happens to me I'd like
to think somebody would help me too as
crossings to the Spanish coast of surge
this year migrant drownings have tripled
Spanish authorities spend months trying
to identify remains and repatriate them
if possible
Paco calls these the pioneers 22
Moroccans washed up two decades ago
flower seller Antonia Velasco has a
message for the mothers of all those
buried here they are here and we are
treating them well they are dead but if
I can I will put a flower on their grave
there are some kind people here along
the coast it's a short distance to the
town of Bar Abbate gravedigger Rafael
o'clair shows me the tomb of a five year
old Congolese boy Samwell Kabam bo was
swept ashore here his mother was found
dead on the other side of the
Mediterranean in Algeria you better come
indeed okay it's outrageous there's so
much power and money in the world and
yet the rich don't invest more in the
countries where migrants come from so
they don't need to travel here like
animals until those in power heed that
advice the grave diggers just help
juggle the consequences your mother
people and as I
these migrants I told them that they
didn't find a better world down here
they'll ask God to give them a better
life up there they have sacrificed
everything and this is what is left
another monument to a wandering son or
daughter named unknown Karl Penhaul
al-jazeera tarifa spain
