a towering figure on the global stage
ringing the peace bell at the United
Nations a man who did so much in the
cause of global peace un
secretary-general for ten years a Nobel
Peace Laureate Kofi Annan was born in
Ghana joining the UN in 1962 rising
through the ranks to be the
organization's head of peacekeeping at
the time of genocide in Rwanda 800,000
people were killed he later said it was
one of his greatest regrets that he was
not able to do more to halt the
bloodshed when he became the first un
staffer to take over the top job he
prepared the UN for a new millennium
his tenure coincided with the arrival of
a new president in the White House after
9/11 the u.s. invaded Afghanistan and
then dividing the UN Security Council
Iraq he had tried to avoid war with
tireless diplomacy and by keeping a team
of weapons inspectors in the country
until the last moment later the UN went
back into Baghdad after the invasion but
it's compound was then bombed with 22
staff killed Iraq was also the biggest
controversy of his decade in the UN job
the oil-for-food program set up to help
Iraqis led to massive corruption with
the Secretary General's own son Kojo
implicated when he stepped down at the
UN he addressed these remarks to his
successor ban ki-moon you are about to
take over the most impossible job on
earth end of quote
while that may be true I would add I
would add this is also the best possible
job on earth he did not choose to go
into quiet retirement he was the UN and
Arab League envoy to Syria in 2012
coming up with a plan that would have
ended the war six years ago but it was
ignored by the parties that continued to
fight more recently he went to Myanmar
coming up with proposals that form the
basis of the international community's
approach to the rahega crisis the result
once again
of his own personal style of diplomacy
strong words but softly spoken even if
you get into the shouting matches
sometimes they have bigger megaphones
and you have and it doesn't necessarily
get you where you want to go there are
times when you have to raise your voice
and there are times when I have had to
but generally I can get results without
shouting
