in Detroit Aretha Franklin was the diva
next door outside her family's church
friends and families hold vigil with
flowers balloons and the occasional
busted move inside where her sonorous
voice once reached the rafters she
inspires spontaneous outbursts of Psalm
but she was like a sister to all of us
or in our cousin she was she was all of
that we relish and glorify her in a way
that and cherished the mezzo-soprano
Rolling Stone magazine calls the
greatest singer ever leaves her hometown
somber celebrating a presence who shown
on stage and here at home
she brought life when she walk into the
room she just light up the room she was
our queen she was our queen
the Queen have sold it was here at New
Bethel Baptist Church that CL Franklin
Aretha Franklin's father preached and it
was at her father's church that she got
her start singing in the choir it wasn't
long before she was the star soloist
here and eventually around the world the
singer who could turn an old Otis
Redding song about respect into an
anthem about feminism and civil rights
that helped define an era was remembered
by the US president well I want to begin
today by expressing my condolences to
the family of a person I knew well she
worked for me on numerous occasions she
was terrific Aretha Franklin on her
passing she was also mourned by the
president she brought to tears Barack
Obama and his wife Michelle wrote in her
voice we could feel our history all of
it and in every shade our power and our
pain our darkness and our light our
quest for redemption and our hard-won
respect around the world she is
remembered on subways and theater
marquees in a world where soul has lost
its Queen John Hendren al-jazeera
Detroit
