here at the Museum in Washington DC the
front pages of some of the over 300
newspapers taking part in what was
billed as an attempt to end a quote
dirty war on the Free Press end quote
were being displayed their goals for
today really are to remind the public
about the value to our democracy of a
freed independent press and maybe tone
down the rhetoric that leads some on the
fringes to violence by using
inflammatory terms like enemies of the
people are the fake fake disgusting news
and Donald Trump's attacks on the media
have been rhetorical and that has its
dangers but he hasn't threatened
journalists with the Espionage Act or
seized their records and demanded
sources as President Obama did instead
Trump is playing on suspicions about the
media there has long been the charge
that the mainstream media does reflect
the views of the establishment and the
elite and marginalizes those who
questioned that elite and some do wonder
whether Donald Trump has now given the
mainstream media the opportunity to
present itself as anti-establishment
without having to conduct any
self-reflection the answers and what you
just did is inflammatory the US media
has awoken under Donald Trump and is
quickly to take a far more adversarial
position against the White House but has
the age of Trump truly ushered in a new
era of fearlessness for a Fourth Estate
finally willing to speak for the people
or is the press simply reflecting the
unease of the establishment that Trump
upended with his victory many have long
called for an adversarial relationship
between the media and the sitting
president but the question is what kind
of adversarial relationship is it just
simply Belt based on attacks personal
attacks going back and forth that don't
have substance that don't actually
improve people's lives that don't
highlight issues but in effect inflate
the personalities and egos of major
celebrity media figures and people in
the Trump administration the polls show
most Americans care far more about free
health care or reversing economic
inequality than the alleged Russian
collusion that establishment voices
blamed for their loss
in the last presidential election yet
it's the latter that dominates the US
media and those that do take an
adversarial stance to the establishment
on social and economic issues remain as
marginalized as ever meanwhile the polls
reflect a declining trust in the media
nationwide and Donald Trump continues
his attacks Hsieh Burton C al Jazeera
Washington
