10 a.m. in cobbles Western neighborhood
known as PD 5 gunmen launched an assault
on a training center for the National
Directorate of security
Afghanistan's primary intelligence
agency Special Forces well-versed in
urban firefights repelled the attack
they form a cordon and move people out
of range of the bullets a short drive
west from here and not 24 hours prior a
different result a suicide attack on an
Education Centre killed at least 34
people most of the victims were students
teenagers studying for university
entrance exams the force of the bomb
blew the roof of their classroom killing
students is against all human dignity
people should never be this brutal in
any part of the world those behind this
action are worse than animals I so
claimed responsibility it kept off a
particularly violent week within a
particularly violent month for
Afghanistan the Taliban launched an
attack on Ghazni one week ago the city
was under siege for six days more than
400 people died in the fighting a
quarter of them guns knees residents
there were also multiple Taliban attacks
on police and military outposts across
the country
dozens of Afghan soldiers and policemen
were killed we want peace in our country
we cannot continue this bloodshed any
more we demand from the government and
government forces to stop the war and
work towards peace and brotherhood
the Afghan government appears to be
listening president Ashraf Ghani says
he'll not negotiate with ISIL but there
are talks of a ceasefire with the
Taliban during the holiday of Eid next
week it would replicate an unprecedented
ceasefire in June this as negotiations
continue between the US and Taliban for
a long-term peace plan but analysts say
it may be the prospect of peace that is
causing war both hardline Taliban whose
hardliners who believe in fighting
rather than the political solution to
the Afghan conflict so they are making
an effort basically in my view to
disrupt the whole process and create a
situation where the government is in a
difficult situation to announce the
ceasefire
the stakes are growing whether that's a
ceasefire with the Taliban or the
eradication of ISIL those who remain say
they're desperate for change
Charlotte Bellis al Jazeera
