the viola mine is a bustling German town
lying next to France and Switzerland
people from the three countries mingle
in its markets and from a distance it
can be hard to tell them apart but while
supporters of EU integration welcomed
such thoughts some people in Berlin are
concerned a senior official of the
Interior Ministry has spoken publicly
about whether it's time to reintroduce
border controls all part of his bosses
migration master plan your Blythe Manvi
of maslin's your blood men we remain a
liberal minded country we remain a
humane country and we remain a country
which grants protection to those who
need it at the same time we want to
eliminate the abuse which also exists
but how significant is that abuse in the
first five months of this year more than
18,000 people were detained trying to
enter Germany illegally of that 27% were
held on the Austrian border a further
11% on the Swiss border with nine
percent on the frontier with France some
in viola mine itself this is the last
remaining sign of any physical border
here the River Rhine the natural
frontier between Germany France and
Switzerland the question must be how
practical might it be to reintroduce
border controls in areas where the
people have grown used to the absence of
them for 20 years at the midday market
traders like Mohammed serene are clear
about the benefits of border free travel
it's more convenient for customers
coming from Switzerland or France to
come to our markets they can then do
their shopping and do not have to worry
about long waiting times at customs so
it means they can drive back and forth
much more easily a glance at the amount
of trade between the Germans French and
Swiss highlights the importance of the
Schengen zone
the combination of imports and exports
between Germany and France is worth one
hundred and sixty nine billion dollars
each year combined annual imports and
exports between the Germans and Swiss
amount to almost a hundred billion
dollars little wonder then that in the
Swiss city of Basel people don't want
borders back any time soon we have every
day more than 70
thousand people coming working in this
part of the Switzerland
from France and Germany and a Swiss
economy would not work without these
people but the mere fact officials are
discussing it shows how much impact the
migration crisis has had dominic cane
al-jazeera in southwestern germany
