in this escalating trade war between the
US and NATO ally Turkey the White House
insisted its decision to impose tariffs
was taken on national security grounds
and it's only the sanctions put in place
against two turkish ministers that are
linked to the release of American pastor
Andrew Brunson the tariffs that are in
place on steel would not be removed with
the release of pastor Brunson the
tariffs are specific to national
security the sanctions however that have
been placed on Turkey are specific to
pastor Brunson and others that we feel
are being held unfairly and we would
consider that at that point the
separation of the issues certainly
complicating any efforts to resolving
the economic dispute and the argument
ratcheted up by a tweet from the US vice
president Mike Pence that said pastor
Andrew Brunson is an innocent man held
in Turkey and justice demands that he be
released Turkey would do well not to
test at POTUS Trump's resolve to see
Americans who are wrongfully imprisoned
in foreign lands returned home to the
United States in the midst of the
argument to show of support for other
one and the Turkish economy during a
visit by the Emir of Qatar as he
promised to invest 15 billion dollars in
the country the value of the lira
immediately recovered slightly and now
signs that turkeys willing to discuss
the ongoing dispute
thus the message from the foreign
minister despite everything we are ready
to talk about everything to solve the
existing problems as equal partners
I speak openly but only on one condition
no threatening no dictating and it's
something that we won't forget in the
administration but at the White House
there was no dialing down up a tone
apparently calculated to be threatening
Mike Hanna al Jazeera Washington
