studious and shy is how her parents
describe Maria doback the 19 year old
like Japanese comics and wanted to be a
veterinarian
then her world changed dramatically in
March
6:00 in the morning I heard the metallic
sound I came down from the second floor
looked out of the window and saw a man
banging on the door there were figures
in black standing under each window they
came into the house and said where is
your daughter
she and her 17-year old friend
Anya were among 10 young Russians now in
pre-trial detention on extremism charges
they called themselves Norway of Alicia
new greatness and would meet up in cafes
to discuss politics and criticize the
government then say her parents a man
called Ruslan D in the court documents
appeared and wanted to turn that
discussion into a political movement
also in the evilest year she said I was
really silly because Ruslan G says that
we need a clothes chart for just our
group of friends Marcia please created
after that Ruslan D gave her a position
head of the agents recruitment
Department Maria's lawyer is convinced
this was a security agent and that Masha
and her friends were set up hospitals
buses the history when the security
services for each an extremist group in
order to reveal it it's against the law
according to Russian law security
services are not allowed to provoke
citizens into illegal actions
it's called police provocation on
Wednesday evening as the reign of a
summer storm lashed down hundreds
gathered in Moscow for an unauthorized
March in support of the youngsters I
think this is a mistake of society to
say children are our enemies that we can
use them well I don't want anyone to use
my children organizers called it a
mother's March and asked participants to
bring stuffed toys to highlight the
defendants youth the particulars of
burden of our village here case may be
unique but the trend is a common one
barely a week goes by without someone
new falling foul of Russia's notoriously
far-reaching extremism laws sometimes
for as little as sharing a social media
if the group was set up a question
remains is it state-directed
intimidation of opposition minded
Russians or perhaps over-ambitious
security officers choosing easy targets
to further their careers nobody we asked
was comfortable answering this either
way with 99% of Russian Court cases
ending in conviction lengthy jail terms
are almost a certainty
Rory challon's al Jazeera Moscow
