can the Afghan army defeat the Taliban
the armed group has made huge gains in
the southeastern city of Ghazni that's
about 150 kilometers from the capital
Kabul so how much of a threat is it to
the government
this is inside story
hello and welcome to the program I'm
Mohammed Jim Jim the people of
Afghanistan have not known peace for a
long time in the 1980s it was the
conflict to win the Soviet occupation in
the 1990s they had to contend with the
brutal rule of the Taliban that ended
with the 2001 US invasion following the
9/11 attacks but the Taliban never
really went away and its recent raid on
the southeastern city of Ghazni is a
sign of how much of a threat the armed
group still poses at least 400 people
have been killed a quarter of them
civilians the Afghan military says it's
making strategic gains with the help of
US airstrikes we have a lot to discuss
with our guests but first this report
from Charlotte Bellis after six days of
a Taliban siege on the Afghan city of
Ghazni residents emerge from their homes
they bring brooms and shovels and anger
the government has not paid attention to
the people here and as you can see most
of the markets have burned down in the
city Goss news population of 270,000
people found themselves in the middle of
the war with the Taliban on Friday they
survived by sheltering in their homes
rationing food and water without power
or communications in the aftermath we're
learning more about the human cost
hundreds of people were killed Taliban
fighters soldiers police and civilians
residents say some died in government
airstrikes too dangerous to move bodies
littered the streets for days the Red
Cross moved some to a hospital inside
space and resources are rationed between
hundreds of soldiers and civilians the
Red Cross ferried fuel body bags and
medicine to its doctors despite a direct
threat from the Taliban
the armed groups attack was the most
aggressive against an Afghan city since
it briefly took control of Kunduz two
years ago the city's police chief
estimated more than 1,000 fighters
swarmed into Ghazni after midnight on
Friday equipped with guns and rocket
launchers
their arsenal grew as they overran
checkpoints and seized police vehicles
after four consecutive days of the
government prematurely declaring victory
over the Taliban and sent reinforcements
on Monday the extra troops swung the
battle the Afghan military requesting
just two US airstrikes on Tuesday
compared to 32 in the days prior against
security forces strongly resisted and
fought the Taliban with high morale in
different parts of the city and defended
their people and country due to heavy
clashes the enemy suffered a lot of
casualties Ghazni is important it lies
just 150 kilometres from Kabul on the
main motorway south take Ghazni and you
save a Kabul from the southern provinces
the military pushed out the Taliban this
time that fighters remain in the
surrounding villages and in the middle
the people of Ghazni Charlotte Bellis al
Jazeera the Taliban was pushed out of
power in 2001 after the US invasion of
Afghanistan but the armed group hasn't
gone away
a report by the Special Inspector
General for reconstruction has found
that as of January 229 districts were
under government control which is about
fifty six point three percent of all
districts there were 59 areas in
approximately 14.5 percent under the
control of the Taliban and other
factions the remaining 119 districts are
contested controlled by neither the
Afghan government nor armed groups
all right let's bring in our panel
joining us in Kabul Shafiq hum dum
chairman of the Afghan anti-corruption
Network and a former adviser to NATO in
Washington DC hamid majid ER resident
fellow at the Middle East Institute and
also in Kabul Mustafa Rahim a political
analyst specializing in regional
security welcome to all of you miss
stocks I want to start with you what
would it mean if Ghazni were to fall to
the Taliban well I think it's a it's a
debate big loss for the government
actually it's a very clear failure of
intelligence because Taliban coming
together in such large numbers they
certainly have gathered their resources
from different provinces and even beyond
borders of Afghanistan beyond the Durand
Line and throughout they have been doing
all this I mean they have been preparing
for this attack for quite a while people
the general public knew about it but the
fall of the Raj knee is a big loss in a
sense that first of all falling of a
city that is merely outside Kabul I mean
hundred and fifty kilometers or even
less than that secondly a city that
connects the center of the country to
the whole of the Southland region and
even Western Region and then maintaining
their hold over the city for four days
or even right now we hear that some of
the clearing operation has to be
continued because Taliban are resisting
the forces so it's a big loss for the
government and I think it's a big
setback for the security institution of
the Afghanistan
Sofia aside from lesney on Wednesday
there were dozens of Afghan soldiers and
police that were killed in a Taliban
attack on a military outpost in northern
battlin province what is all this say
about the overall strength of the
Taliban right now I believe it's not
only the Taliban it's al Qaeda its
Islamic movement of Uzbekistan its
Pakistani military as well as Pakistani
militias I would call all these joint
attacks as well as complex attacks it's
just coming ahead of
actually big ceasefire that we are
expecting to happen and Big E or idul
adha so these are the the moves by the
Taliban as well a small fiction of
Taliban as well as their affiliates such
as al-qaeda and other fictions to
interrupt the peace process in
negotiations as well as to create fear
and insecurity and meanwhile it's coming
ahead of almost two months ahead of the
parliamentary elections so it's more of
interrupting the peace stability
security as well as negotiation with the
Taliban especially while it's almost one
year from the present Trump strategy for
Afghanistan and after a direct
negotiation of America with the Taliban
and Qatar in Doha so these are the
silent signals that affection of Taliban
are clearly opposing peace and
reconciliation
Ahmed if we're talking specifically
about the violence right now and the
repercussions the violence is all of
this what's happening right now do more
to the strength of the Taliban and/or
other groups or is it do more to the
weakness of the government in
Afghanistan it's actually a combination
of both because lately the Taliban
certainly has gotten the upper hand on
the battlefield and the fall of custody
even if it was briefly was a major blow
to the Afghan government because it
exposed the vulnerabilities and
weaknesses of the Afghan security forces
it also undermines the confidence of the
Afghan people in the government because
if they cannot secure a provincial
center just hundred or 150 kilometers
away from the capital then how they can
secure the rest of the country but the
Taliban also wanted to show project
power and also show that the Trump
administration strategy aimed at
weakening the Taliban on the battlefield
and to force the insurgents to come to
the negotiating table has not yielded
results and also by capturing a
provincial capital and also increasing
their military activities across the
country the Taliban also wants to
maximize their battlefield
gains in order to use that as leverage
in any potential negotiations with the
United States we're stuck I want to get
back to a point you were making about
the overall security in the country and
ask you specifically about you know if
the Taliban were to be able to take
Mazzini does that raise the specter to
you and your colleagues that the Taliban
could potentially even surround Kabul I
mean he's very close to Kabul right well
the statement might be a bit of
exaggeration because even for taking
hasni they had to invest so much of
resources and they had to accumulate it
from all around and coming to Kabul and
surrounding it it will be a bit of over
exaggeration but certainly they have
challenged the government rate and they
have challenged the the government
resources and it's not only a Grozny but
we know that or the course of last four
to five days they have attacked one
crossing point in Tejada han important
they have attacked a post of the Afghan
security forces in Faryab where they had
they have taken hostage a number of
security forces they have attacked in
Berlin and more they are trying to show
their strength all around but coming to
the point basically I don't think they
have as much resources to continuously
challenge and continuously invest in
such big attacks but it's more to do
with they every now and then make a big
statement on the conflict scene of
Afghanistan to just demonstrate their
power send a message across and also
they have they are trying to to erode
the confidence of general public in the
Afghan government so this is more to do
with the tactical thing not in regard to
taking the the geography because they
are not able to maintain it even in
remote areas so it's more of a change of
tactic for Taliban which has been
working for them since the collapse of
Cocoon those two years back and then
they were able to take over the center
of Farah province albiet for a few hours
but they did take over the the city
center
Sofia you alluded to how complicated the
terrain in Afghanistan is a few moments
ago look let me ask you this I mean how
two local tribal dynamics play into the
government struggles in Afghanistan to
hold on to territory actually that's a
good question because other than you
know the dynamic of the local tribes as
well as elders there's also other than
ethnic divisions unfortunately
especially right now Pakistan Iran and
some other elements they would like to
create more fictions within the culture
and religious society between Sunni and
Shia and this perfectly or subtly
applies in Reznick because majority
people in Hasley are Sunni and Pashtun
and then you have minority shear and non
posh to interject so you will see the
support of iranian to the shi'ite sector
as well as support of Pakistan to the
Sunni side so we have also heard that in
other areas including the northern
Afghanistan there are some Russian
support to the local fighters as well as
influential power brokers there they
supply arms they provide money and even
training in recently the people who came
to hers nee it's it's massive a number
of people it's around 1,000 people it's
not only Taliban and they have received
training because the type of attack they
carried it's unprecedented
it's very complex they cut the supply
route to South and capital of
Afghanistan they cut the power they cut
the communication lines like cell phones
everything else and they burned down
brutally the city so it was
unprecedented I would say attack in the
last 17 years so this shows that of
course besides some power brokers inside
the Taliban there is a strong advisor
especially from al Qaeda affiliates
which called al Qaeda Indian
subcontinent they help in their here to
advise them and to support them and we
have also so far we don't have the name
unless but we have heard that there are
some senior al-qaeda members from Indian
subcontinent who as part of the
operations or attacks in the
died as well I'm a analysts have
suggested that the assault on Esme are
essentially a show of force by the
Taliban before getting into peace talks
or negotiations with the US what do you
say to that yeah that is of course part
of their strategy because they're
showing to the United States that the
Trump administration's strategy of
wicking them militarily has not worked
out so if there are any negotiations
between the United States and the
Taliban about the potential withdrawal
of US troops or about any political
settlement in Afghanistan then it would
be the Taliban which would sit on the
table from the position of strength not
the American side or even the Afghan
government let's remember that the
Taliban has so far not accepted to sit
down with the Afghan government they
have only agreed to negotiate with the
United States so it is premature to even
talk about the prospect of any political
settlement between the warring sides but
at this moment both sides want to
increase their leverage on the
battlefield in order to use that as a
for any potential negotiations much
stuff from your vantage point what kind
of conditions would the Taliban accept
in any kind of a peace negotiation or
peace deal I mean would they want a
power-sharing deal what would they want
well they will certainly start from the
point of returning back to the throne
that they were toppled down from me in
2001 by the International forces but
that is where they will start the
negotiation but of course they are
looking for a power-sharing at this
moment of time and that will be where
they will start negotiating but the
problem with the Taliban till the
negotiation really may choose a I mean
it matures enough to the level of making
it public they will continue fighting
and they'll continue showing they will
demonstrate the power on the conflict
scene so basically what they will be
pushing for is power sharing and that
that is something that will be
acceptable to air to all sides
given that they they agree to some of
the non-negotiable terms from the
international community and from the
Afghan government Hamid what do you
think would the Afghan government would
the US government be amenable to some
sort of power sharing deal the Afghan
government and also Washington they have
indicated that they will accept the
participation of the Taliban in the
political system in Afghanistan but I
would slightly disagree with mr. Han
dirt in that the Taliban leaders want a
power-sharing deal so far the message
from the Taliban leadership has been
consistent that they want the
establishment of the Islamic Emirate
they do not recognize the legitimacy of
the current political system in
Afghanistan and that is the reason that
they have only accepted to talk to the
Americans but not to the Afghan
government certainly there are leaders
within the Taliban that that they would
be amenable to any power sharing
agreement but their hardliners and the
ideological core of the Taliban they
reject the current political system as
an Islamic and they want the
establishment of this Islamic Republic
in the country which teritama just
disagreed with one of your points did
you want to reply to anything he said
well this is what I'm saying whenever
you enter negotiations processer you sit
on the negotiation table you start from
your highest demands and you put forth
your best demands just like the hezbi
islami I did during their peace
negotiation with the Afghan government
but the ultimate thing is that even
Taliban have realized that it's no more
of honest enough 90s Afghanistan has
changed and even Taliban have changed
and of course there are hardliners and I
want to highlight one point that the
Ghazni attack was basically something
planned and undertaken by the those
hardliners because Taliban can be
classified into three groups as far as
decision-making is concerned the
hardliners the ones who believe in a
battlefield success there is a group who
believe in negotiation and there is a
group which is undecided as of yet and
the people who are who
leave in in fighting it out and facing
it off with the international community
and the Afghan government they were not
even happy with the truce last time that
happened during the Idul Fitri and they
will always try to really dictate the
terms by making some sense it as some
sensitive and sophisticated attacks so
that the consensus that has been built
around the peace process is washed away
is is is is is is taken away from the
from the system and also they will try
to dictate the terms in terms of
decision-making but the reality is that
when if they go to the negotiation table
even if they're talking to Americans on
what terms Americans have been and not
only Americans but we'll do the whole
international community has invested in
Afghanistan for 17 years now and nobody
will agree to giving up on all of those
achievements that have been made or the
course of last nearly two decades so yes
they will start from the heart position
but definitely they will negotiate down
to power sharing that's my view Cheviot
just how concerned must the government
of Afghanistan be right now I think it
is absolutely concerning and the
government is concerning and preparing
to respond not only to the incident of
of hasni but meanwhile there are some
threats in some areas like eastern
Afghanistan so the government is well
prepared but meanwhile there's one big
hope not only for the government but for
the entire Afghan population and that is
peace and reconciliation so I think it
is the last chart
especially the big Eid negotiations in
ceasefire and I hope that this will
settle through a peace deal otherwise I
don't think if there will be any winner
for this warfare and this is realized by
the Afghan government as well as the
international allies in the new strategy
for Afghanistan by the United States is
conditional based so the United States
will say as long as Afghan people need
their support and as long as they are
needed in Afghanistan so this is also
realized by Taliban that the United
States in the NATO will
leave Afghanistan until the Afghan
people ask them so perfectly I think
this is a time for the Afghan people and
for the Taliban to come to negotiation
table and to make a settlement and end
this war and in that case everybody will
be there winner and nobody will be the
loser much deaf you just heard chef iya
talk about the effects on the population
look I want to ask specifically about
the humanitarian cost of what's going on
I mean I've read reports in the past few
days that it was so dangerous in the
doesn't--he that even dead bodies in the
streets couldn't be moved for days
so what kind of a toll is this taking on
the local population on ordinary Afghan
citizens absolutely psychologically it
has been devastating let me share
another piece of information that the
Taliban have shown a dissent or sense of
unhappiness with the Red Cross believing
that they did not treat well there the
dead body is belonging to them yesterday
there was a photo shared on the social
media where coffins were being empty
coffins were being carried to Hosny a
center by the vehicle of Ministry of
Interior that has created a lot of
uproar among the general public so it's
psychologically devastating and I think
this is the Taliban tactic where they
really want to impact the psychologies
of the Avalons try to to break the
consensus that is built around the peace
process because general public or the
course of between January 2018 and April
2018 the general public really supported
me president Ghani in his quest for
peace process there was one wise from
the nation that they wanted peace
process they supported the Kabul process
announcement as well but now looking at
the social media and the views that are
being poured in by the general public
you can see that the Taliban are
succeeding in impacting impacting the
psychologists impacting the viewpoints
the though that the thing thought
process in terms of supporting the peace
process so not good science for the of
our nation and Afghan government and of
course for the potential peace process
that was in a stage where a lot of hope
was created ahmed is the current
government
up to the task of keeping the country
together and perhaps more importantly
does the US believe does NATO believe
that the current government in
Afghanistan is up to the task of keeping
the country together the Afghan security
forces have definitely made remarkable
progress over the past years but we see
that they still rely on the coalition
forces when it comes to support roles
like air power logistic and others and
without the support of coalition forces
they have been struggling to maintain
their hold over population centers in
different parts of the country so right
now the Trump administration strategy is
to continue to train advise and assist
Afghan security forces so did the do it
become able to police Afghanistan's
border and fight against the Taliban
with minimal foreign assistance let's
remember that the withdrawal of US
troops in the latest years of the Obama
administration happened in a very abrupt
way so that created a vacuum for the
Taliban and other insurgent and
terrorist groups to fill the vacuum so I
think that the Trump administration has
learned from that mistake and also the
mistake that they used it in Iraq
however it has become increasingly
difficult also for the administration
here because it is now close to the
first year anniversary of the Trump's
South Asia strategy and it has little to
show us progress there in Afghanistan
and on the other hand the war is
becoming increasingly unpopular here in
the United States so President Trump may
need some results to keep its commitment
to Afghanistan and and we talked about
the reconciliation issue at a time that
the Taliban is increasing its violence
and the government is delivering
unilateral concessions that would also
deepen divisions within the Afghan
government about the reconciliation
process so that is also part of this
Taliban strategy to sow divisions with
it within the Afghan government all
right we're gonna have to end it there
we have run out of time thank you to all
our guests Shafiq I'm Dom hamid majid
yar and mushed-up rahim
and thank you too for watching you can
see the program again any time by
visiting our website aljazeera.com and
for further discussion go to our
Facebook page that's facebook.com
forward slash AJ inside story you can
also join the conversation on twitter
our handle is at AJ inside story from me
Muhammad Jim's room and the entire team
here bye for now
you
