India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi
doesn't call it Modi care but everybody
else does his ambitious national health
protection scheme will be the
centerpiece of his re-election campaign
the poor of the country will not have to
struggle when they fall sick they will
not have to borrow from moneylenders
families will not be destroyed the
scheme is due to start in late September
will become the largest publicly funded
health service in the world in effect
the government will pay the premiums for
health insurance for a hundred million
Indian families each will get a policy
that covers their medical costs up to
the equivalent of about seven thousand
dollars a year at the moment only the
well-off have access to insurance to pay
for treatment in a private hospital like
this I don't have insurance but I can
afford this my husband has a good job we
own our own house the new program will
cover the poorer half of India's
population the private hospitals the
scheme should see a big boost in
business but there is concern they'll be
overwhelmed by demand India spends just
1.5 percent of its GDP on health care
compared to a global average of six
percent facilities and staffing levels
in the health sector are poor but that
say doctors is changing regarding the
human resources but I think within 10
years or 15 years our health care will
be in a world-class health health sector
some of the Q's Narendra Modi of caring
more for his Hindu base than for other
ethnic groups or India's poorest with
health care for all he's trying to
change that image if it's a success it
would be a big achievement Andrew Thomas
al-jazeera guajarati
