after six days of a Taliban siege on the
Afghan city of Ghazni residents emerge
from their homes they bring brooms and
shovels and anger the government has not
paid attention to the people here and as
you can see most of the markets have
burned down in the city if the
government is brave and powerful they
should listen to the people and answer
for this Ghazni x' population of 270,000
people found themselves in the middle of
the war with the Taliban on Friday they
survived by sheltering in their homes
rationing food and water without power
or communications we don't want anything
from the government now they should have
taken control of this before it happened
there aren't even firefighters hundreds
of people were killed Taliban fighters
soldiers police and civilians residents
say some died in government airstrikes
too dangerous to move bodies littered
the streets for days the Red Cross moved
some to a hospital inside space and
resources are rationed between hundreds
of soldiers and civilians the Red Cross
ferried fuel body bags and medicine to
its doctors despite a direct threat from
the Taliban
after four consecutive days of the
government prematurely declaring victory
over the Taliban and sent reinforcements
on Monday the extra troops swung the
battle the Afghan military requesting
just two US airstrikes on Tuesday
compared to 32 in the days prior Afghan
security forces strongly resisted and
fought the Taliban with high morale in
different parts of the city and defended
their people and country due to heavy
clashes the enemy suffered a lot of
casualties Ghazni is important it lies
just 150 kilometres from Kabul on the
main motorway south take Ghazni and you
save a Kabul from the southern provinces
the military pushed out the Taliban this
time that fighters remain in the
surrounding villages and in the middle
the people of Ghazni Charlotte Bellis al
Jazeera
