and I got this package in the mail which
i think is baby clothes
we are finally outside on this gorgeous
spring day I think it's like 11:05 but
like I'm in like a t-shirt so nice out
here is so nice and sunny and warm
there's not like a breeze like nice and
we can go outside before because I had
like all the daycare kids there's frizzy
and this morning when it was cold
outside we like stayed in I made a huge
mess so I said I'm not crying outside
jakey goes outside until this living
room is tidy and it didn't get done so
and they were also doing tree work
though I figured I wasn't very safe to
be outside when they were like right
here we need a tree so um yeah we see it
inside but that's okay cuz they all
might contribute three so now we're
outside and we still get to enjoy like
most the afternoon out here and I don't
have to worry about going inside and
starting dinner and everything cause
nicotine home late tonight so I think
when Avenue gets home probably have like
a special treat and yes I just enjoy the
sunshine so nice hey Malik I can you
show me some cool tricks on a trampoline
Wow would you do like a cool somersault
flip thing you you try levite Oh
CooCoo mouse wow that was cool e Malik I
was like a history anybody's getting
pretty good on the trampoline though
aren't you buddy can you jump look at
you both feet and everything okay let's
see oh I think that was a Miss you try
an evite okay Leroy is gonna try a vice
turns I leave I try okay it's too hard
no we don't do it he ready ready careful
you do my Annie crash he just got home
folks cool and I'm gonna go inside and
bring out some ice cream sandwiches for
them hopefully they'll be surprised
special treat thank you you want that
one no okay like the ice climbing up
steps he's coming up oh hi ma'am you
want yum in your mouth um can we get
some wipes for our hands before we eat
what do you guys think of the
fudgesicles like them just why I do what
I do
yes do you like it is it good is it yes
is it yummy mummy husband Avenue husband
mine you have one and who else has one
who else Malachi is it yummy
can you say yummy yummy so you saw
Malachi school tricks on the trampoline
now zombies turns somersault trying to
do a headstand so that's my kind of
cartwheel that's right you it's close
yeah he's my little gymnast I couldn't
even do a somersault when I was little
guys like not at all I used to be
terrified to do them I still don't like
doing them so instead of watching a show
tonight before bed we decided we would
build some puzzles but I'm nice coloring
my mouth is doing some puzzles we're
trying to build Olaf
right Malphite it's just a finger that's
good you did one Levi sprawled it on the
floor trying to a Cinderella one Mary
strap on yes
that's Cinderella getting it built yeah
and then we're going to bed after right
yep Nick's working late oh god I don't
know one time you do me oh you forgot
and Avenues over there coloring and her
summer jammies because it's so nice out
happy be wearing summer jammies what
yeah but are you happy to be wearing
summer jammy
Oh Nick's working late so he's on
speakerphone right now saying good night
to the kids so Levi you saying that
night to Daddy say night-night no he's
getting them riled up before bed
golly Burt hey guys what's up so go home
really late today because I had some
business meetings I had to go to so I
can't vlog or anything Jerry sorry but
yeah I got this new diary I'm pretty
excited about it it's Old Spice but it's
got some crazy boxes on it cuz I'm gonna
smell like a fox now super angry mad Fox
call Fox Crest Terry's if you guys ever
try this gym before tried to pick a new
one thing he smells really good we'll
see what Vicki thinks oh boy that smells
terrible but I like it and I got this
package in the mail which i think is
baby clothes for my photography business
I was earning and I can't wait I'm gonna
open it right now and check it out show
you guys what looks like can you check
it out
so if you have a little boy you can put
them in these little boxer shorts with
the boxing gloves that'd be so cute a
see a little baby in that we're ready to
punch a poem and then if it's a little
girl you can put her in this little tutu
it's really adorable and this flower and
headband though I make the cutest
pictures so I got a bunch more things
like this coming I can't wait to take
some pictures of babies inside these
things so we'll have little baby Libby -
until you take pictures and these cute
dresses me so cute adorable
hey guys I totally realized in that last
video that my hair was like sticking out
at both ends because I forgot that I
taken a bobby pin and clip back the
pieces and I just completely forgot so I
don't normally wear my hair that crazy
there's a phone expand you hey there's
Fox on my rain boots - ice got some new
rain boots inning of foxes on them so
I'll smell the way you look the dance -
stop recording me when I do stupid stuff
you wanna be like an idiot he is the
worst person to practice with
oh sorry we've been practicing for two
and a half hours and you keep picking
one song and going through every single
go back to
it's hard for me because I don't know
the keys yeah I gotta go to bed and I
didn't edit the vlog so sorry this one's
up pretty lame probably I might try and
get up really early your that's not
gonna happen guys
I'm gonna bed don't make promises you
can't keep
I didn't promise is it I might try yeah
yeah he's got a bad headache guys so
sorry and I don't know how to edit and
you probably don't want me touching the
computer anyways because I'd probably
break something so yeah so anyways have
a good night guys I'm gonna be busy
cleaning my messy kitchen then I've left
all day and hopefully it's a nice sunny
day up tomorrow too so we'll see you
then
