I always have like the philosophy of you
dish out the punishment at the time of
the crime by an attempt to take all four
kids to the store that means Brielle and
Levi have to be big kids and want right
will I got the double stroller the
little one Levi gonna be a big boy and
walk to the store yeah oh you know
that's all wet it's been really rainy we
think we'll beat the rain though it's
not raining now it's calling for more
rain but I think we'll be okay so did
you just have a fall did you just get
wet you didn't get wet uh you got water
droplet on your nose so you did get wet
did you fall into the sled yes are you
okay you should have your coat done that
monkey um my bum didn't get wet just
your sleeve in your hand oh well that's
okay so yes we're helping to beat the
rain but we shall see we have the rain
cover just in case and they got the rain
coats on you got your rain coat on yeah
you got your rain coat on so we're good
to go wish me luck are you two waiting
for the bus yep we're at the bus stop
we're back home and they did it they
walk the whole way and they're very good
at listening and staying at their spot
and now they're finding a muddy puddle
I'm gonna have to change your pant are
you covered in mud yet and this dude in
the front here what did you keep doing
what did you keep doing huh you kept
kicking off your shoes yes you did I had
to keep getting your shoes I finally
just left them off it was tired of
picking them up hey guys what's up
vicky's at work and we're just partying
right abney oh hey don't kick me what do
we have to do for mommy tonight Thank
brownies make brownies cuz tomorrow I'm
stop kicking me tomorrow we're having a
party for mummy because it's her
birthday on Saturday oh how many
beam you up but I'm not going to be here
for her birthday kisses also my
brother's bachelor party so we're gonna
celebrate her birthday tomorrow with
brownies in a movie in Chinese food pray
tab me that's it you kick me one more
time I'm gonna get you go ahead I'm like
it punch me one more time no that's why
I thought that's what I thought guess
what time it is Vicki's vlogging time
she's doing her mommy blog hi Vicki yeah
why is it so important a lot of it it's
not people like to know what's happening
this is what vlogging is Vicki you just
talk about your daily life yikes don't
mess with Vicki tonight guys aye caramba
so i friggin vlog the crap out of
something to wash or me I edited the
crap out of something tonight one of my
projects let me show you a little sneak
peek actually let me show you my new
outro for my channel let me see I'm
pretty excited about it here it is ready
here's the outro so it should be really
quick and easy hey guys if you're
thinking about getting one of the SMR
gear products remember when you purchase
one product from sierra madre recently
guys one person with clean water for one
year they build water wells in central
america with a portion of the profit
from fusion anyways that's just a little
clip my new outro for my backpack a
channel I've been working on this one
little project for sm our gear for a
little while now and this is video 1 of
3 so i'm glad i got video one done i'm
going to export it and upload it right
away and then you guys can go check it
out if you want it's just kind of a
little overview of their new new bay
shelter so if you're interested in
buying it this kind of gives you just
some specs and kind of different angles
and shots of what the shelter looks like
i really like it is probably my favorite
shelter of all time so if you guys are
interesting this kind of stuff go check
out I want your opinion on something I
always have like the philosophy of you
dish out the punishment at the time of
the crime and the punishment has to go
with what the crime is I mean are you so
yeah Nick you're deep trouble
you're cut off no okay anyways so I like
I strongly feel that it needs to go like
punishment goes with the crime so if
it's something related to food then
don't take away their toys like it just
doesn't make sense right so I'm trying
to figure out what to do Malachi because
when I was at the door talking to 3l and
Beckett's mom when are saying bind them
at the door little sneaky Malachi
decided it would be okay to grab a
chocolate-dipped granola bar take his
mix laughing I knew exactly what you're
doing oh my takes a granola bar heights
under the table and shoves the whole
thing in his mouth as fast as you can
okay first of all he didn't ask me for
snack in the first place like he already
had like cookie and apple or something
or gummies gummies in an apple for
afternoon snack I don't want them you
need too much before supper this was at
like 430 and suppers at like five
usually anyways so I come up the stairs
and here's me coming so he is like
trying to like get rid of the evidence
right he's got chocolate all over his
face he's got the wrapper in his hand
and he still under the table by the time
I come up he's just getting out from
under the table and he hides the wrapper
highs back takes her out Bernie goes and
he's got chocolate on his face like this
and I'm like what were you doing and
he's totally being sneaky guys he took a
little bar from the cupboard and shoved
in his mouth as fast as he could before
mommy could catch him so I was like oh
my goodness what kind of punishment can
I give him he already had his treats for
the day he wasn't gonna get any more
anyways so it wasn't like I said no
treat because he already had them so I
was trying to think and I couldn't think
of anything like immediate that would be
like punishment for this night so I said
to him I said I said well drink family
moving it there's no cookies for you and
now I'm like oh crap because tomorrow
night were celebrating my birthday and
we're doing like whole birthday party we
made brownies and stuff so do you guys
think it's fair for me to like to deny I
am a brownie for my birthday celebration
because of what he did like I just don't
know what to do and now I'm like oh me
if I should have just said no cars
tomorrow or something but that doesn't
have anything to do with it just a tough
dilemma I was just wanting to know what
you guys thought my little sneaky boy he
better not doing
the end
