hey guys tough so we're at my family's
easter celebration right give me a lot
of fun chase here or like a Jesus song
creation yeah Jesus celebration star the
god of what is star what that's the
bunny noticed are too funny i know all
day is based on the bunny idol of his
dog anyways yeah so that's what kind of
fun stuff we talked about during Easter
what do you do so I have something to
give to my brothers that they don't know
about surprise so this for you thanks
brother this for you right Jay you can
open goes first yes it's for the wedding
but I believe you guys want you can and
you don't have to worry if you don't
want but I don't assume when your work
yeah it is oh brother watching matching
brother watches and when you put them
all together like in a pound it a big
beam of laser shoots up into this guy so
like anyone can see in a bike whoa the
Crandall brothers must be together
delight time thanks Nick nobody's so I
mean be that guy watches alt mer yeah so
I got mine for like when I were tres up
and go to weddings or whatever for your
wedding and then I thought well I'm
gonna get more for each of you guys and
if you want to wear it for the wedding
you can't but like if you don't want to
wear it is no big deal I thought it'd be
neat like the three of us have watches
it match or whatever so yeah there you
go then we ride first goes wedding too
yeah we go where to chris's wedding I
haven't been invited crystals way oh oh
crystal just hear that you're not gonna
Josh neither well doesn't really matter
so much my guys not going but Josh come
on
hey we have an early wedding present for
Josh and toy and that we're going to get
some now what not to be like actually do
you guys do this any aspirin buddy
something oh yeah are you like yo we go
you wanna yeah we're like oh the BBQ are
we gonna do a shower these guys they
agreed to have the bachelor party at
josh's house in of my house for my let's
get them a barbecue and then they have
it at josh's deal yeah yeah receive
freeze you guys are playing dumb saw ya
know we just bounced off to the next
level okay the least two feet away from
this boredom a throw dad is go ahead
before they assume you want to zoom in
on this on this new mini game with no
zoom in on you yeah the game hey well
not be on the board oh no don't step on
it okay they're right okay oh I'm in the
other room lying down and then he comes
over to me it's like I gotta tell you
something she hit Makka in the head with
us with a plate and gashed open sweet
why are you telling his life okay trip
from fellow and bang his head on like
one of these yeah the door free or in
the corner of that and is a big gash in
his bleeding but he came running over to
us crying cuz he hit his head yeah but
yeah I wasn't faking her blood on Vick
shirt cuz he went running over there
does hurt
he's being a big brave boy though look
at my shirt I'm proud of him it's my
brand new shirt it's like the second
time I probably get the widow we'll see
but that was a little scary because this
whole head was right in his hands
burberry what if all this part of his
head was all blood and get stickers or
blood had sleeve really easily make it
scuff- yeah yeah they do they wanted so
it looks way worse than it is watching
some paw patrol the girls are in there
playing the basketball thing there you
guys turn light on its kind of dark and
you guys over here i'm having some salad
bowl no cuz you here come on summer is
gonna get me fired it wasn't so late
like our age seven o'clock and so we're
they go to write the kids are so hungry
so we just got home which please enjoy
free whoopee do any want to get out of
the car we're all so tired those are the
kids are all sleeping are all out and
that's what i want to be doing and we
don't you want to go inside cuz he knows
he's open the door we're gonna get hit
with a messy house is so messy i don't
want to go inside it's a pigsty in there
but we've been doing so much traveling
this weekend yeah and tomorrow is not
the end of it i have to be up by like
six in the morning for a early sunrise
service cuz i'm playing guitar yeah then
as soon as that's over we have to drive
like an hour away to another service
because my friends getting baptized then
we had to drive back probably eat some
lunch maybe take a nap and then do
another service from the album eating
it's gonna be a long day yeah and then
back to work on Monday I have so much
laundry and messy kitchen and just messy
house and like I had to pick church
clothes out for them swore and I'm like
I really haven't Malachi's pair of jeans
clean like I'm so behind I'm counting
down the days to my parental leave I'm
so tired we don't want to go inside just
sleep in the car I will don't even take
me
okay well goodnight guys we'll see you
tomorrow
