so we decided to eat outside cuz it's so
nice out but we don't have an umbrella
for our table so we moved it down into
the shade yeah you are and I just wish
it you spider Christian with Ruby's hat
whoa you okay I'll get it that money was
gonna get okay anyways it's really nice
out today hey where's that spider where
oh that little tiny thing gone hey so
yeah look at the food i cooked guys and
I do an amazing job i know i'm teasing
love Chinese food look at you and your
tongue you always sticking your tongue
out
so she plays with her tongue sticking
out as she concentrates we think you're
doing oh you monkey you're always
pulling these off now so it is Mother's
Day decided to splurge big time and go
to the Mandarin and give either Arabic
and Mandarin you know it's like this
huge buffet that has all sorts of food
and it's so delicious and meet him up in
Madrid I think since avenue was toddler
big none of it's ever been and now heart
a lot of kids a lot of money but it's a
special Mother's Day treat for me so
yeah it's gonna be like so much room for
might we only do it once every boundary
on dering three years immediately so and
you're really excited they sold everyone
crazy happy Mother's Day and to all you
other great moms out there
yeah and then the bees over there in the
corner is a little tiny high chair
they'll swished over here so good guys
and we're hungry right mm-hmm we didn't
have lucky uh yeah it's three-thirty and
we have it a bunch we were at a very
long church service for being a lot of
dedication so yeah we're hungry yeah
just finished eating and the mandarin it
was so good and we definitely got our
money's worth we were there for a few
hours great ever over to us no I think
it's yours six oh my goodness this is
the clock over there over to eat until
like ten to we got inside down at
three-thirty oh really yeah wow it's a
long time maybe was like you guys have a
good supper lunch yeah was it good did
you like all the food no cotton candy I
know yeah I was hard to get out like
church all over again oh my gosh he
could barely move people had to squish
and make part two paths ya will ya yeah
it's so busy right now they're like keep
brought us our film we're like yeah
we're leaving don't worry yeah they were
stars like you feel here wanna wash
towel to wash it you know yeah I science
to say we are pleasantly look at livi
started doing he can be walking with the
fire check my look at you look at you go
look at the beasts walking don't put
your headband off oh yeah you monkey ya
the monkey you she goes you can do yet
no okay let go do hands on the fire
truck put you in on fire check there you
go bingo
look at you go look she sure feels like
what was on my head I have it here Libby
mommy has it mommy has it good John
Livie she just is all in her own I
didn't even put her up on the fire truck
she just was also done doing it so good
are you gonna walk are you gonna walk
like her she's like where's that head
man I am ready yeah Wow good job oh it's
not easy no it's not eat up over it yeah
it's good show everybody how you--who
loop yeah good job five six seven eight
nine
11 12 13 14 15 16 17 whoo break times it
on the swing get to the ball you got it
here at the bar oh oh it's going down
ready because you got it
