hey guys so it's gonna close to Easter
and both the kids would not want to go
to school today they gave me some
attitude this morning light especially
Malachi because you can only had to go
to school tomorrow too he doesn't go to
school on Friday and dad yeah it was a
fight to get through out the door but
they're both at school I've got full
house of daycare today and we decided
that we're gonna try to create some
cookies for them to take home and then
tomorrow we're going to draw a craft day
but I thought just right kids on
different days I gotta do something with
each group so i bought this kid at
walmart so it's like a spring cookie can
I don't know if you guys seen it um so
it comes with like these cookies here
and then like all the icing in the candy
and stuff haha putting these little
balls and then huh yeah at the table and
kids go nuts cuz why not so we'll show
you they each other wouldn't but we got
so far here's Brielle's here's my vice
she's still decorating here's Matthews
I'm so happy right now I have all three
boys sleeping at the same time Brielle
is quietly playing Barbies to herself
and I'm gonna go and have a nap cuz i
just spent the time that they were
sleeping already tidying up everything
cleaning up the bathroom because we're
having company tonight so i wanted to
like try to clean a little bit so i'm
not rushing around at the end because
it's coming for supper but i'm exhausted
and just need to lie down put my feet up
or something and then we're going to go
outside and play because it looks really
nice out great so little cat nap and the
notes i play sounds good to me or just
outside enjoying the nice weather
Brielle and her brother Beckett are on
the trampoline well you're not gonna
over again Wow faceplant oh you still
got your suturing your mouth you little
monkey er you see you put it back in
Riley by such a big boy now he climbed
up the slide all by himself all by
himself he did it last year he wasn't
doing that ok let's see whoa
what a big boy you do more MORE okay
browse on her turn ready yeah stop whoo
gonna go again the evite okay oh he's
growing up so fast hey guys what's up so
one of my old friends just messaged me
to a date and told me that he became a
Christian he became saved gave his heart
to the Lord he's gonna be in heaven for
eternity so I'm super excited for him
and he's coming over we're gonna hang
out and talk because it doesn't have too
many Christian friends yet so he's
called me he's like can I come over
could we talk I'll make sure come on
over let's hang out and he's getting
baptized on sunday so it's really good
news praise God really excited for him
so he's on his way over and my beautiful
wife bless her art she always does is
when people come over decided to clean
everything up so I've decided to invite
somebody over once a week make sure
everything's clean and organized all the
time we gotta clean it is in your side
from these bins that we don't have in
order to put it's pretty spotless she
did a fantastic job I feel like I'm a
king living at some sort of mansion or
something clean the bathroom there you
go hey guys what's up so I great and I
hang out with my buddy I'm really
excited for what God is doing his life
and I just finished my workout too so I
am so tired but I have so much vlog
editing to do because i didn't get
yesterday's vlog editing up talk to do
that now so yesterday's vlog was
supposed to be out right now discount
commuting so i'll be up soon and then i
have to get tomorrow's blog ready as
well so i'm so tired so i gotta hurry up
and get my butt in gear and get these
things up and loaded for you guys so you
can watch them and enjoy them so don't
forget to give us a thumbs up subscribe
and leave some comments below if you
want to get to know us better because we
want to get to know you better so that's
the best way to do it see you guys
tomorrow
