hey guys what's up so I just got off the
phone with the human resource department
at my work believe I just decided to
climb up onto the couch and just have a
little nap all on his own he just
climbed on up there and went to sleep I
guess he was tired i work tonight so
next prolly give me mad at me that he's
having a nap because now he'll be up
later but it looked he did it all on his
own or something i could do or a little
guy only one o'clock it's an earlier nap
not like four o'clock he looks just like
you and I sleep hey guys what's up so I
just got off the phone with the human
resource department at my work and they
were just I would wanted to ask them if
there's any areas i could work out for
the next interview what did i do well
what did you pour at all that type of
stuff right and they said that i would
did an extremely good job at the
interview and that i scored over
expectations for all the questions they
had so the only thing was there was
another candidate that was there that
just did slightly better than me so they
got the job they said if i was a dick
normally like for this position if I had
have been in a different pool of people
applying that I would have for sure
gotten the job and if this person didn't
get it I was the next in line to get it
so like I was better than all the other
people that applied so that was
encouraging but also still a little
discouraging because I didn't get it but
it was still nice to hear that i did a
really good job and that they were
really happy with the way i interviewed
and all that type of stuff right because
then you know you at least leave knowing
that you did everything right you did
everything you could you did everything
right and you're not like left thinking
oh man i must be really terrible at this
or whatever maybe I'm glad to know that
I did my best and for next interview I
know that the way that I prepare the way
that I answer my questions is right on
track of what I'm supposed to be doing
so yeah one of you guys an update
Brielle and I are gonna do some puzzles
together we're gonna make Barbie once
yes but I can't feel any money no it's
too hard let me help you yeah okay I
will help you and what are you up to
Beckett and what are you up to hey he's
been walling around all day long waddle
waddle waddle yeah have you been doin
yeah he's actually been a really happy
boy today haven't you yet you have
you've been smiling it's that face okay
who is that these four oh boy do you see
who he's trying to get the rope on the
camera like the thing that you put
around your wrist the wrist strap that's
what's called debbie you trying to do oh
okay I gotta go on I'm on puzzle duty ok
Brielle and I works really hard and we
did good teamwork didn't we oh yeah we
did she did the Barbie part and I did
the other stuff and then we joined the
haha see you did to do it didn't check
it out Oh / be a haircut good job
finishing should we do another one yeah
you want to leave that out sure we
could've it out Levi what are you
looking at yeah what is it yeah say fire
yeah as a big fire we're hoping it's not
melting the kayak because it's right by
it and the fence not crazy guys oh no I
took pictures to prove it in case
anything happens cuz they didn't say
anything to us well we'll see but it
stinks really bad too really sucks i
made it and it's almost every single day
can't wait till they're down the
Reynolds on this place hey guys check
out Levi you got your own little seat
there but sitting on your block looking
all the Lego hmm Oh captain america was
like it is a little setup here so we've
got all the Lego in here we store it in
here oh no any chance little box of
block to sit on he pulled it up and
started go
through the door that's you guys I
started making hamburgers or starting a
barbecue because they're delicious and
then halfway through the burger cooking
the BBQ ray a propane so I did bring
inside and cook the rest in the oven
does there happen to you guys it's
terrible because it's not going to taste
the same I'm really disappointed and I
know what it happens to me every single
year when i try to barbecue for the
first time too so i should really learn
my lesson and not even try and start
with the old tank and just start by
getting into tank hey guys what's up so
I just finished working out and then I
filled my what I'm growing this your
video so here's what it is if you want
to know what I'm growing this year my
vegetable garden and while growing it
your got to go over my channel check it
out Canadian family dad CFD that's
what's up go ahead check out my channel
if you want to see what I'm growing this
year in my vegetable garden it's gonna
be good i'm pretty excited i hope
everything turns out good this year I'm
already late starting my seed so
hopefully they'll grow and you grow
before the end of the season because we
have kind of short season in Canada but
yeah so check that out of you guys are
interested hey guys what's up so I'm
just about to make my protein smoothie
and then I was pouring my frozen fruits
inside my blender and I was arrived at
my friend Mike and I were making fun of
the cursed or how we were like I feel
like they just picked like unripened
food and put them in there and like they
just build by it because sometimes it
tastes so and ripened right and now look
what I see inside your look at that
blueberry it's like completely green is
it's like not even ripe at all it's
pretty sad right like there's what a
regular blueberry looks like and then
there's this one so Mike I think that we
were right some of the stuff they pick
it shouldn't I be throwing inside these
bags okay guys so i got my smoothie and
i got my video so i'm going to edit i'm
going to sit down and get that done
thanks for watching tonight guys and I
hope that if you haven't already you're
gonna head and click that subscribe
button because we would love to have you
as part of the community and being part
of the community means that you leave
comments below so go ahead and do that
too so we can get to know you guys and
we're going to leave a response to you
if you leave a nice comment to us to
even if you leave a mean comment will
still respond so we'll see you guys
tomorrow have a great night
