hey guys what's up so I'm a little
bummed out I just got some discouraging
news in terms of like my employment hey
guys so it's Friday morning it's just
Levi and I today yay he's been such a
good boy this morning I was getting my
was working on my paper Shack business
and doing some follow up and stuff all
morning because now it's 12 o'clock and
he just sat and watched his movies and
play with his toys on the floor
he didn't bug me like well he bug me
once and that was it and the whole
morning like he was really good boy you
good boy are you good boy for mommy yes
you are you are he's teething he knows
he's a good boy already doing some mini
eggs cause he was such a good boy mommy
where does have you some lunch together
and then I think we're gonna spend the
afternoon together right mommy's all
done her work so now I lost my time with
her cuz it's just our day oh gosh she
just joy good thing it's not cleaning
day believe I know at the library trying
to find a movie for family movie night
what did you find Levi Oh Superman was
he for me a movie I don't see they have
any lucky vitamin yeah every superhero
spider-man to you they got lots of
choices hey guys wassup so I am so torn
of what I should do with these TV
cameras because I find like the
autofocusing and some of the other
features in this camera are better but
the actual quality picture of the camera
during like low lighting is terrible
so a lot of our videos are low lighting
because we're in Canada so like half of
the years dark after like 4 o'clock so
it's hard to get good lighting so I
don't want to have a camera this was
gonna be terrible videos during in most
of the year and only good during the
summer so I don't know what I'm gonna do
yet but I'm just on my lunch break and
guess what it's friggin snowing outside
again can you believe it it's supposed
to be spring not winter so it's that
cool today that is snowing so kind of
about that much what are you gonna do
right so I'm gonna go get some more
green tea from bulk barn store that I'd
like to go to get my loose leaf teas
because I am fresh out and I was craving
a tea last night so bad and ended up
having this black currant tea that I
like it was really good but I really
wanted a green tea so pick up some more
of that action right now Levi was being
such a grouch in Walmart guys like I had
to just get my groceries and get out of
there it was like having hissy fit when
he couldn't have a banana and I said you
eat it yet and they're not ready yet
they're really green at him any yellow
ones I got so mad at me it's just joy
screaming I was feeling very things it's
like I'm sorry and I never got to bring
snacks and his water and stuff because I
figured we weren't gonna be long there's
no library and I'm going to get our taco
meat and that was it yeah he was not
happy hey guys what's up so I'm a little
bummed out I just got some discouraging
news in terms of like my employment so
it's tough and it's tough when you get
like let down in your job and you're
kind of thinking oh this is where it's
gonna go then it doesn't pan out that
way so that's what happened but i
decided i standed are thinking to myself
trying to pump myself up and be like no
I'm not gonna let this get me down and I
said to myself I'm not gonna let this
discouragement limit the potential that
I have for myself like I'm not gonna
allow this one instance make me lose
sight of my goal and what my long-term
goals are I mean sure this short-term
thing happened and it's discouraging and
I mean I had a plan I was thinking that
I was gonna get what I what I went for
and I didn't get it and I'm not gonna
let that wreck my future goals because
you know what this is such a small bump
in the road of life and I'm gonna
continue on with a positive momentum so
yeah I just want to let you guys know I
know you don't know much about it and I
can't really share too much about it but
I just wanted to share if you guys are
going through something that's kind of
discouraging
don't let that discourage men limit your
potential you are capable of so many
great things don't allow this one
setback to limit what you're capable of
doing so yeah there you go
so I just dropped off cranky pants Levi
with my mom and now I'm at the school
getting Malachi because for him to sit
and wait in the car and like not have
any snacks and be all tired and grouchy
like that or would even like fall asleep
in the car which is quite a possibility
they would have done that and having to
take him out in the freezing cold to go
and pick up Malachi I was like I'm so
glad my mom's home I was feeling even
with my mom and then I got Malachi
myself cuz we gotta wait for his older
cousin to and he gets out later than the
kindergarten students so we have to wait
outside the cold so really grateful okay
so we want to get family movie night
started but the kids have to pick a
movie and so I'm gonna show them when I
got the library and see if they approve
or not I'm gonna see my movies yeah so
the movies that we picked me by ya know
it's for you grandparents watching
babysitting their grandkids reckon row
but it's number two what do we need with
our movie what do we need with our movie
what are we gonna eat Jamie's on for
eternity you watch Cheaper by the Dozen
a couple weeks ago I think movie night
and the kids really liked it so I found
number two at the library so now we can
watch number two today
she burns so funny so we had a really
awesome family movie night tonight the
kids really enjoyed the movie like all
three of them like sat through it and
watched it and like laughed and
everything and in the end there's a
little baby born and like everyone was
just like oh and I was getting a little
teary-eyed know about you but I was me
teary eyed real is it he wasn't the man
he probably was and Levi Murphy is so
cute he was like just like baby baby but
then he was like Malachi Annie mommy
daddy is going to eat baby okay I'm
talking a tender moment here and you're
wrecking it and then he was going to
each of us and giving us hugs and like
cuddling with us and just loving on us
it was so cute guys cuz I got these
guitar picks and I smell like did I stop
calling you totally interrupted my
tender moment but it's that stuff called
again
Vicks VapoRub and yet these guitar picks
smell exactly like the pigs vapor oh I
know why there was 75 cents for 30 now
cuz they stink
yes they do why do I always buy stuff
his pain he's addicted to online
shopping guys we gotta stop it
you got to nip it in the bud and I'm
tired I think you might be eating that
overtired stage so yeah now all three
kids are in bed sleeping and so Nick and
I are looking for a movie on Netflix to
watch well I sort laundry and he and
it's slug so that's it for tonight right
yeah hey hey he's Maura
