by surprise Malachi at the school and
picked him up because it was renewed
reser prize to see me oh it was so happy
I came and then we waited for his cousin
who really walks him home see if you
want a ride he goes actually my mom
drove to come and get us too so both of
us came to get the voice was so funny
right but you came home with mommy right
yeah did you have an indoor recess or an
outdoor recess Oh outdoor visa so you
didn't go out in the rain no it was
pouring here earlier it stopped now but
I it's so cloudy and dark that we were
afraid it might rain on their walk home
I guess people thinking the same I did
good you did go out in the rain oh and
what's missing on your head mr. show
everybody your head take her hood off
look at West missing Oh what did you
lose his Batman hat he lost it at school
today he has an extra hat but it's not
as cool as Batman one we went back
inside and looked for it but we had no
luck so I don't know where it is we can
buy a new one yeah thanks me yeah yeah I
might have to go out we'll see home
sweet home I got mail yeah you're right
first hill there bucks is I brought in
before they got wet in the rain hey guys
what's up so I'm just on my way to my
brother's house first I gotta go to the
vaughan mills mall and he's kind of out
of the way from my house so I'm gonna
stop there because on the way to my
brother shows so I'm gonna go there do
some returns and exchanges for those
pants so I got yesterday and then I'm
gonna go to my brothers house we need
some dinner and just chill hell maybe
jam a little bit on our guitars and
stuff it's give me a lot of fun I can't
wait oh I've arrived at the vaughan
mills mall and last time I was here a
bunch of you guys said that you
recognize them all so maybe we should do
it
it up here or something and then you
guys can get together with you guys and
meet up and go for a walk around or
something what do you think guys I am so
friggin mad i went to the International
killers at the stupid ball mills mall
and I asked them if I can exchange these
pants that i bought from their closer
store for another pair because they like
the way these fit through like sorry you
can only do that at the store you bought
them from I'm like kidding me right now
like you that stores over an hour away
from where I am you're telling me I
can't just come here in exchange his
pants for another 12 likes no there's
nothing I can do so I didn't make it to
exchange any of the pants I'm on it so
what a waste of time I was over friggin
almost an hour wasting my time so thanks
international closers for wasting my
life hey guys what's up so I'm finally
at josh's place and already I feel
better about the stupid international
cultures even though I'm still a little
kind of I but we're gonna get some food
sorry got me if you guys checked out
Josh with YouTube channel yet it's
basically the best thing ever if you
want to learn how to play piano it's the
real jgc music I used in this
youtube.com slash the real jgc music
it's inside my you should watch you
should check out these channels list on
my channel so you can go check it out
it's pretty big deal more videos are
coming I quit my night job so I can
start working on my business again it
quiz night job for you guys decided
maybe start making some more videos
different instruments and stuff awesome
or something out there so go subscribe
go subscribe to the real jgc music on
YouTube I'm gonna have a link right here
and you can check out down below click
on the link there too and go to my
homepage and check out the channels i
recommend and click on the link there
too oh yeah so Nick has ditched us
tonight and I my bath duty with the kids
and they're doing bath first and then
supper because that's what they wanted
to do so I said okay and you should see
levi him the tub here with this stuff
first of all is that so many toys in
there he's got this squirt gun are you
squirting it out the curtain Oh lovely
look at that and making a big mess emer
you got to keep it in the water or your
squirt at the wall yeah yep oh did you
doot do you have to go poo are
are-are-are you can't are meeting a girl
at the wallet desk or gallon water yeah
that's what you did didn't you when you
put back it Gore it yep waves put spank
Bush shoes yeah yeah yeah you get the
wall Oh get the wall just go poopoo ah
ok coming use the potty yeah yeah hey so
we just finished getting some boston
pizza and every time i go i usually
buffalo chicken sandwich spicy buffalo
sabres this time i did in every time I
don't get it I always wish I got it and
then Josh went and got it it was the
best thing I've ever he looks so good I
was so disappointed in a Josh like why
you just like tell me you're not happy
with you so mine was good so I was like
a lose-lose I couldn't even argue with
it with them because they brought it a
good quality product for me I was
delicious but it wasn't a buffalo
chicken sandwich go buffalo chicken dang
it good guys this is how close Josh
loves to the airport it's so much louder
than it is now too I just missed it but
Josh's we wait 10 more seconds there'll
be another one are we actually gonna
wait it happened every 30 seconds it's
hard to tell this time cuz it's cloudy
but normally you see them come from
miles away I can already hear the next
one I hear the cops
it's that kind of neighborhood in the
highway rexdale looks to represent yeah
so we just had a light supper of bagels
and strawberries and some cut up pair
and I just made a little treat for the
kids for their bedtime snack so they've
got like Cheerios and corn pops and
frosted flakes mixed in there so they're
happily enjoying that is it good uh-huh
I don't like the Corn Pops oh you need
the milk with them what are we gonna
watch a show blah Wild Kratts yeah yeah
yeah no I am bars we're not watching raw
Roman yeah Malachi's watching
transformers on the computer and we're
gonna watch Wild Kratts on the TV I love
his talking it's so cute like you just
you try so hard to say the word and it
just sounds like Judas thing and I can't
even mimic it because I sound dumb
saying it but he sounds so cute i love
the talking stage where they're just
learning it's so cute okay can you hear
mummy okay I have a question for you can
you hear me here mom who are you like
having at home at night mommy or daddy
daddy would you like having home at
night better mommy or daddy well which
one why do I fall again Levi Levi who do
you like having home at night more mommy
or daddy okay daddy oh man see what
happens when you leave Nick you ditched
us tonight and like all over stuck with
mono nails but mom moms your answer okay
that still makes it two against one
that's why we need another kid make it
even hey guys how's it going so I just
got home it's 1040 I'm not gonna be able
do my workout today I got to skip it but
I had a great time with my brother Josh
was so much fun we always have the
funnest time together like laughing so
hard stuff so it was really fun so yeah
I'm just gonna hit the friggin sack man
kiss some sleep and then start tomorrow
so I'll see you guys then
