I got all these Hot Wheels car tracks
forty dollars for the whole set so one
of our friends that came to levi's
birthday party and gave him his present
they actually brought a present from
Malachi to because they missed his
birthday party in November and they
brought his present so happy belated
birthday to Malachi he gets another
present to open this is it what did you
get sleek a Crayola doodle magic oh cool
so you swipe white and color again in
that much similar to the one leave i got
a except yours has this will thing yeah
me know the advice doesn't that's pretty
cool i can try it out yeah and cackle at
me but Shaq's emotionally it's it closed
show our movie oh no it's okay you can
do it after you can do one or the other
you want to watch a show and color at
the same time I'm kind of a douche I
don't pan oh I think we'll just do one
at a time let's pick one oh okay my
color first yeah definitely done pig
look at you hit like a gigantic spit
back in here cool awesome wieszczyk you
say thank you on the camera thing came
home on that front it was from Riley and
Liam's mom and dad like Riley and liege
here's the party yeah good boy that's
the best day when you get like a delayed
present like that that you didn't even
know you were gonna get and it's like a
complete surprise I didn't want to give
it to him at levi's birthday party
obviously so I thought you could have it
today hey thank you x sitting here very
tired but I was looking at flyers and
getting my grocery list event and you've
always say on my lap um why I was doing
my grocery list all sudden he's really
still and look down he's fast asleep so
now he's like sleeping over my shoulder
trying to wake him up there's a wake up
buddy you gotta wake up it's almost five
o'clock you can't sleep this late in the
day you can wake up Levi Wow I know how
you feel it's exactly how I feel right
now it's go to work in 20 minutes hey
guys so I got some sweet target deals
when they're cuz they're growing a
business right so look I got all these
Hot Wheels car tracks forty dollars for
the whole set is that sweet I can't wait
for the boys they're downstairs with
grandma right now and I want to capture
their reactions when they come upstairs
and see all these Hot Wheels stuff
they're gonna go nuts it's gonna be so
much fun and I also got these like cool
little miniature kites look it's like
little miniature airplane kites and you
can fly over out or like pretend you're
piling and our points of stuff something
like fun okay come on Luca yeah you do
play hot wheels you can have them look
at all the Hot Wheels cars she'll leave
I look look how wills oh is that cool
yeah yeah it comes with the cars we
could all play hot wheels together guys
yeah hey daddy let me convey how well
 yes played it tonight look at this
when you race and then if you whoever
goes to first other car gets shot off of
the racetrack Zach any cooler no one on
Wi-Fi got guts off you are yeah this is
that awesome or what yeah you go open it
they had a big giant sail on us like
that whole bunch yeah this they say the
shot oh yeah
it's the where move back home in that
court dad no shots it is this give me
fun yeah look do you see this monster
chocolate whoa because it doesn't jump
right to that bus hey guys very good
down okay yeah I only for much you have
some monster trucks already do you I
have loved one yeah sky race of all
wheels tonight oh ok so we built like a
hundred your wheels tracks right now and
now we're we build one that we really
like so you have to come down here do
the loop-de-loops when you come through
the speed there you can try here try
this car come through this Peter
loop-de-loops then one person gets
smashed off here and the winner gets to
smash the ball don't we try this one ok
wait wait now how you go wait yeah
branwen ok here's our next track don't
push it yeah just wait here come down
here hit the loops make the jump go
through the speedster have it see who's
the fastest then the winner comes by
hits the next few hits the loop with his
scans Ready Set know Levi's gonna do it
and the winner is the Warren G black car
he's no winner hey guys how's it going i
just wanted to show you what my nights
usually like and this is it me in the
dark room editing vlogs what everybody
else goes to bed so I'm just trying to
finish up the vlog for today and i'll
have it up and ready for you guys for
tomorrow but i just want to thank you
for watching don't forget to subscribe
leave some comments below so we know
what you think about our vlogs and also
give us a thumbs up if you haven't done
that before and really appreciate it
anyways have a great night guys and i'll
see you tomorrow
