hey guys what's up so we're just getting
ready for the reveal gender reveal party
and Levi's birthday party the girls are
just decorating up some of these
cupcakes parties on the same game
doubleheader somebody who's not very
good organizer
Levi will look at this and I'll be like
why would you do that on my birthday
yeah wicked dice or is that for your
birthday
oh yeah it's for your birthday look his
cool hairstyle wow yeah
so Vicki gives me a list like you get
these things for me real quick it's like
basically everything you need for a
party's you feel like everything it's
decorations for the party because every
single decoration you need I was only a
Levi's birthday that wasn't thinking
like oh yeah I should decorate for the
job reveal party before take down those
decorations and then put up Levi's
decorate you're gonna take decorations
oh my this is gonna be hectic man and
people that are at the gender-reveal are
gonna be here for the birthday party to
do is give me like what are you doing
like oh we're just redecorating so yeah
that's what's going on today so I gotta
go to the store right now pick up that
stuff so he gets set up
hey guys so the dollar store gave all
Vicki's last-minute party supplies boom
boom it's a lot of stuff I think I don't
know we're gonna decorate those in time
for everybody to get there
hey guys what's up so I just got the
balloons all dinosaur balloons and
they're pretty cool so I'm gonna bring
him home got all the party supplies now
we just gotta set everything up and get
it ready for everybody get here which
will be in two hours
so hopefully most of the things are
ready to go by the time I get home okay
we got everything ready for our
gender-reveal party here's a snack table
and vicki maybe put up these one of
those twelve streamers and you're
wearing a pink tank you figure
I'm wearing blue but I don't know what
it is so I have a yeah Maddy I think
it's a girl Caleb thinks is a boy thank
you and my sister knows a actually knows
that's why she's not wearing any color
while her pants are a little I just
showed them it's pretty awesome and
Chris doesn't I may or may not know I
don't know where he's wearing blue is
that crazy well that's not true lots of
guys working yeah we'll see you it is
reveal pretty and we've got some pinks
and blues going on so let's go pee and
we got blue oh wait okay we've got miss
neutral over here we've got my dad who
didn't get the memo to wear pink or blue
my mom's ring bloom has pink late moms
cheating because she's got a pink scarf
and a blue shirt
dad says go team girl yeah now that you
think boy still don't you yeah here's a
very yummy feel that's not getting eaten
people need to eat up there's so much
your deficit to go with that thing on
camera red cup so you don't get the girl
okay this is the game that my sister set
oh I'm so excited so you get to like
punch it and then pull out the color
tissue paper
while the kids are trying to find their
dinosaur egg nests yeah Levi you found
one that dinosaur nests yeah look
there's eggs whoa
yummy all right you can have it later
well like check out our mix-up or that
we have so we've got some right and in
some corn and chicken nuggets and french
fries so this was more of like for the
kids here and then we've got there's our
meatballs behind you the meatballs over
and we've got some salad and let me sit
all our desserts and chips out and then
we're going to serve our dinosaur
cupcakes later when we sing happy
birthday Lea hi I think we're gonna have
some left over to the Dicer those twos
backwards this way
so our double hitter of a party has
finally come to a close everybody has
left and it's like 8:30 and now I have
the remnants of cleanup but it's not too
bad my mom helped up quite a bit but I
just got like you know cups and stuff
flying around and chips and stuff to put
away and the cupcakes and all that sit
empty and tidy up and decorations to
come down you get extra chairs out just
messiness not not too bad though what
are you doing hon I'm just watching your
tribe Tyler Oh on YouTube
Here I am thinking you're working away
and you're just watching me for my
videos expert on her important to the
video editing software the news that
does that sound really intelligent very
anyway so I was watching tribe Tyler as
I watch it because or as I do it because
he's very interesting was it was almost
interesting like musical beats on his
videos so yeah I don't have time to
watch that so so good birthday present
exhausted man that was a very long it
was a very long day I think two
birthdays or two parties in one day is
too much and like an hour within each
other yeah that was too much whose
bright idea was that I don't know but I
don't think that they're definitely not
news is oh wait should we tell them
doesn't make thing as it goes check out
your channel good news is if you want to
find out what the baby was you're gonna
have to go to Vicky's channel and find
out because I'm not gonna post that part
of the party on this video so you will
have to go to her channel watch the
party and watch the video and then you
get to fly
you're gonna be shocked I'm just gonna
say that way yes so we're gonna be
shocked right go to go to my channel to
find out that did you turn to today well
not today you've already turned to did
you have a fun party you didn't did you
have a fun dinosaur party thank you oh
did you before dinosaur party Levi yeah
party yeah you did you're all done
are you ready for bed you might show
mm-hmm you always want to show for bed
okay this dinosaur II brought you want
roar that his name Lord
well I'm hope you had a good party I
love you tonight let me have a kiss no
thank you
no do you I want to kiss thank you
mmm any of you you say love you the good
way
