yay nippy okay girl look at you go look
at you go oh yeah go anymore your stack
it's like I don't understand why don't
want to keep moving yeah yeah yeah yeah
good girl so leave I learned how to sing
jesus loves you yes oh that's not what
we're doing oh okay ready jesus loves
you this I know okay go yes don't touch
it cantaloop hey go yes Jesus
when you fall asleep eating supper in
your chair come on turns young since I
go dad Oh
Oh
it got supper tonight is for have any oh
my gosh it's graham to this Gareth body
what's going car you don't even know
what two eggs happening but he's green
and he's been though this is what
happened yeah you got too much time on
your hands I know right Kurt ha my thing
it is not possible yeah hey this is the
remnants of supper I'm so full Tom your
eyes i bought this beautiful nah he's
like five pizzas I know it she liked the
story like lasagna it's so good i guess
y'all seen those on yeah she loves it
yes Swami she's smiling she's all happy
you get big people food yeah look she's
so happy okay guys oh yeah and we're
just we were just commenting well Nick
said so this is what they did Phil
zhonya this big huge ones will just
think when they're teenagers that's
makes me like two of them oh yeah I oh
sure even a chick's place is crazy oh
not in trouble guys are one on amazon
and i were to just bought as I can
and I thought what is to be really cool
and it comes it is so mature look at the
book is like this time look can you see
if I'm right you know I have to go over
to it what things the bonsai tree pot is
decidedly so yeah Patrice by his big so
tiny yeah that was a box of cable I
thought it would be this big box with
this big kid he was to box yeah does he
get for to buy come here fittings is
money now that's also keep doing she's
not even try to walk anywhere I she just
wants to be funny see oh come on you
monkey Oh Libby you were walking okay
you gonna come walk to his mommy come
see me come on Oh try again let's check
hi Oh keep going baby oh you gonna walk
I put your hands out to catch her like
this like say come Oh take your hat off
come on Livi come on we take some steps
don't go to closer look at ya see come
here boy Oh Gary the catch her she's
coming oh oh she's not good good girl
good girl Evie oh you didn't get your
hat ong down that's crazy kid it's your
foot is it following you not too close
to okay not too close to her is that fun
it makes mommy nervous hey cuzzy
everybody everybody go make a big noise
do it gasps what's up so it's May long
weekend so we're gonna party all weekend
doing nothing like usual right Vicky's
got a problem right Nikki and she wants
a dead issue want some dead now we're in
my kitchen and every to marry look
they're crawling on the counter and I'm
he's trying to rescue them all before I
kill them badtameez calling around
trying to pick him up and bring him all
outside am I getting this one judges
winner there's another one right there
too there's a lot there's a lot of ant
so she's good come all I keep saying
Vicki don't worry we'll be out of the
house soon but guess what the union
workers that work on the construction
and candidate everyone's part of the
Union so they all just went on strike
and we've been given a warning that our
house is not to be delayed 6 to 12 weeks
so Vicki's been looking into other ways
place we can stay or checking out hotels
which would be about fifteen hundred
dollars a month six hundred dollars a
month but it's stressful we're gonna be
homeless until like December I'm really
bummed remember December remember
hopefully we're in their before
Christmas but we have to be there
because the kids are gonna be starting
school and we don't want to have to
drive them over our way the scissors or
for bonsai tree what boys I God ok so i
ordered that bonsai tree told you guys
about here's a little tiny box for these
scissors are the trimming you kind of
make it look the way you want I don't
have the cheese out of grown yet has it
started where is the tree that's a
growing Oh
seat so so when it's ready i'll show you
when it's ready i'll show you yes so you
can cut off the lips so you want out
sign happening skin upset for the ants
anyways we're going to have some corn on
the cob tonight and it's going to be
delicious go walk to him keep going yeah
you think about joy be more live you
taking steps by yourself yeah so Avenue
is helping to organize and sort through
winter and summer clothes and get all
our summer clothes out and ready oh it's
a big job how's it going you doing the
beasts yeah what's all this stuff in
here oh my that's awesome Resta we've
got piles at winter clothes all in the
crib say some cozy pants for her Chris
some days we just like to be cozy
especially in the air conditioned house
it's cold you slow down at the bottom
watch me see you slow right down at the
bottom okay I'll stand here okay now go
hey
see now and I'll climb up the slide can
you do these all by yourself whoa the
big step big step Oh without you on your
knees whoa yeah Oh gonna swing yes we
okay get you okay I'll go right here
ready set go good dad okay dizzy yet you
mean it really a ballet yes sir silly
face oh yeah okay we gave the kids a
couple of Oreos as a treat as we're
shopping and look at missing what is art
there are little mini oreos and they are
filthy rat look at Malachi's phase is up
his nose and everything so man sees
messiness mr. lovely know a little bit
not much ok I'll close the door yeah you
gonna come no not like that you can see
enough no no growling me you were
walking this whole time and then i turn
the camera on and you crawl
don't know over here silly over here
come on come on you gotta walk with two
toys under here come on livi walk to
malachi here neither 10 combine up upper
back forget it it's kill em up you can't
reach the or nick is gonna adjust it now
to make it lower for albany using this
handy tools my handy husband I don't
know if it'll go down much yeah I coulda
done that
I was eight when I learned how to ride
bike with training wheels so yesh takes
out her mom looking Oh Tomas his water
bottle oh she kicked it whoa I think
it's officially safe to say you're
walking you walking everywhere now yeah
that's what she wanted careful so Malik
I just came around the corner looking
like this he went and got all ready he
ready for nerf gun battles out what
you're ready for are you glad you have a
little brother to play with yeah thanks
and I have a backpack you like all the
may have a down and you get in cool
you've been watching too many nerf gun
videos on YouTube yep pretty cool
she snorted did hear her snoring she
likes getting things like the breeze or
something finishers sits by me so guys
about some delicious looking grapes from
the store today and you won't believe
when I found on my grapes it's
absolutely disgusting and I went to
vomit but these are my delicious looking
red grapes look Sokka and all my sand
wash may be eaten and my green grapes as
you're going through the rest of the bag
and look what I found in the bag of
grapes I'm so scared still alive it's
gonna fly at me but do you see what that
is yeah a dead bee oh my gosh a dead bee
in my grapes so gross oh you guys know
me I hate bees like terrified of them so
I'm just really glad that if Ted looked
like a line through out at me oh my gosh
the caterpillar on our trampoline and
it's going crazy and no one is doing how
are you trying to get it Libby wants a
look at movies like I want to see that
movie the caterpillar I'm just trying to
take it off and you get something for us
to pick it up with malachi no Libby
don't touch don't touch no
let me nothing no we told you should get
something yeah you need something to put
it on oh I'm like a big leaf or
something all right stay sure cuz the
stuff that's on here isn't big enough
this isn't way well Oh try again please
okay missed it hitting it all the way in
there to get it hey grab it there we go
mmm yummy I love using leverage it to
get it grandview cheese bag on my leg
yeah oh wait let her get it is oh yeah
yummy yeah listen hey hey what you wanna
come back in with this okay get back in
the am a king on hey get me in me my
girls sitting on the hammock in cheese
having a swing
hey anybody but touching the ground and
you're just taking your shoes off taking
your shoes off what are you doing
oh there's the teeth I've been eating
yum yum yum you drive you'd rather eat
your shoe though wouldn't you you Libby
yak no your shoe it's this close to this
close to what's that close on my bum I
could feel it though that's right yeah I
leave this is what it's all about
you
