hey guys it's Friday morning and today's
gonna be a really good day because I get
to see my baby on the ultrasound today
and I am so excited I know I can't wait
you guys just hear Ned counties in the
car Zia
we are taking Nick pricing vmu Levi and
I are taking Nick to work today because
we want the car take your husband to
work day and I need the vehicle so I can
get my appointment and I have some rain
around to do to get stuff ready for Levi
his birthday party and the gender-reveal
party so I've got lots going on today
but you guys will join me today because
I'll take the camera everywhere I go
yeah I was a little bad when Vicki told
me she was taking a car because I have
all kinds of things I want to do today
on my lunch break
but not have to wait come back and pick
you up so we can still go the stores
that you want to go to after it's not to
say it's not the same I wrecked his plan
so quiet and empties to Levi Levi was it
just you this morning breakfast was like
two minutes we're just walking to my
aunt's house so that they can watch Levi
for me while I go to my appointment I
get him walking such a big boy in Burien
pair of shoes that we found in the bin
yesterday I had new shoes on me that
good oh yes I am in the car and I'm
about to drive my ultrasound appointment
that I've been waiting all week for I am
so excited guys I seriously cannot wait
like I just want to see this little baby
on the screen and see the tiny little
fingers and the tiny little toes
oh my goodness I love this I'm so
excited so I just picked the if I up he
had such a great time playing with the
cat did you have fun yeah
yeah oh did you play the cat yeah and
the dog you play them play of Molly yeah
and we're where we gonna go now to
Walmart what are we gonna get at Walmart
yeah what are we gonna get at Walmart no
we go go shopping for your birthday
party
yeah and what's that Walmart McDonald
yeah you know why McDonald oh I thought
you did you want some friend before ever
and I said we're gonna go to Walmart he
looked right out and he was like french
fries it was like he knew that
McDonald's was in Walmart it was really
cute but he didn't do it for you guys
sorry said to believe me take my word
for it don't you just let these parking
spot parking for customer with child's
oh yeah I got the slot I love these
parking spots they're the best because
they give you more room for your vehicle
and they're close to the store which is
great and not only my with child
thank with child don't work you get your
french fries and what else you got
what's this ketchup you said that very
good you've been practicing mmm-hmm and
mommy's dream you guys see that with
floor sign over there yeah that's from
me i spilt my entire pop all over the
floor I felt really bad for the lady to
clean it up but I was belly
my heart and just tipped over I felt
really bad
embarrassing who's that the door huh who
is it let's go get the door let's get
the door did you miss me did you miss me
did you miss Malik I did I missed you
4:18 Nixon work at 4:30 we're all making
a mad dash we're trying to pray for
green lights here so we can get going
and get to daddy's work on time so we
are now in the turning lane on the
street to get into Nick's work we just
went through a mad dash of like the
whole Main Street and it's 4:23 yeah and
at the red light and we need to turn and
it's so busy and the traffic is crazy
and we just we could see his work from
here but we just need to turn crazy guys
but Nick specifically told me because
I'm known to be late to give him up
before he said it's not 4:35 it's not
4:40 it's 4:30 so I really can't be late
guys we did it look we did it I just
said we did it I just took an Instagram
picture and it's tweeting don't you hate
it when you're already supposed to pick
you up show the show yeah just as I
stood up to hit like send all yours Nick
and like over there huh we did it right
guys
Malachi's not buckled he unbuckled and
guys now we've got a whole bunch of
shoes at Payless and now we're going to
get pizza because it's 616 so the kids
are really hungry
they have been eating all my muffins
that I brought with us they're not
filling up on those honestly so we're
getting a piece that they have a 499
walking specials so we're gonna go get
that right now yeah we got some good
deals on stuff they have so I didn't you
saw and I need these like a ninja sucks
I don't know what else there's a company
called ninja socks and makes a song for
this tile decide on the name of the mark
so they had buy one get one free through
the socks so I got a whole bunch of
dress option a whole bunch of these
ninja styles and I've got a pair of
shoes I'm not our procession yet but
mm-hmm we're trying with some Japanese
wedding shoes her flower-girl shoes yeah
hopefully hopefully we don't know for
sure but they're the only shoes I came
in her size they weren't my first choice
but we need to get a pair it's coming up
back Nick found his match and hot sauce
this burrito please thank god this hot
sauce and lead filled up like a quarter
the wish this exact it was like
fill it up because usually when they see
a size it's not that much this happened
in Rock size and it is really odd yeah
like your eyes are watering
hey guys what's up I'm just driving
really fast with a lot of traffic so I
may not look at you on time but I just
got the new ultra high-speed Moto Rogers
so we should have super fast internet
our videos should be uploaded quicker
and more efficiently and we're gonna be
having unlimited data memory for this
new plan so we shouldn't have to run out
at the end of the month and nothing yay
yay yay
