oh my kids are at the door ready to go
to my sister's house overnight for a
sleepover they're really excited but
Levi so sad he doesn't want them to go
he keeps going my boots my boots because
they're all ready to go suitcases are
already in the car right looking at my
boots my boots ain't it we're state
we're staying here Levi I get cakes it's
really cold outside yeah grandma's
packing up the car is really really cool
though anything what are you doing up
there why are you staying here and stay
warm oh oh okay if I go stay here with
mommy Levi Levi go stay here with mommy
because to hear of my mom oh oh boy oh
yeah you want to say bye to them yeah
okay we'll wave to them when they drive
away okay did your help mommy clean the
house today yeah you help me clean
they're gonna go to cloth and clean the
window yeah he was my little helper last
night he had grabbed my dish cloth and
he started like wiping down the table
and the chairs it was so cute I think
he's gonna help me clean today to buy
you pick oh hey hey love you hmm mana ya
malaki a nominee oh you're good now
mom mom is a year Oh what are we gonna
do all eyes I am going into size too
well 24 months to size to clothing now
for Levi and I'm gonna try to find a
birthday shirt for him because I member
Malachi having one I think no mouth I
warn elmo shirt for his second birthday
because it was an animal themed party so
hmm I just thought I remember there
being like a birthday boy shirt or
something like that but it could be a
difference I'm gonna check for it for
Levi's party so he can wear something
like that if not all the skimmer like a
dinosaur shirt because this is dinosaur
themed and i also have to get more
maternity clothes cuz i have like no
maternity shirt right now though i'm
just wearing like stretching out my
regular shirt so thankful either on the
top I'm gonna grab those out oh my
goodness omni bin storage in this room
guys wish me luck check out all the
shoes for Levi there are so many shoes
me Malachi in calif he's got lots of
shoes and we're just trying on some
juice to see what size foot he is and he
fits like this size 7 um like summer
shoes but not the runny shoes the
running shoes are too big so I think
he'll be okay for summer shoes look guys
fit him so he's got like all these
little flip-flop he's got a good shoes
here so hopefully he'll want to wear
them I found these in there they're so
cute nose will fit hairs and all I wants
to do is where the rain boot and he's
got like three pairs that fit him I got
winter boots son but there's so many
like so many youzhny shoes until he's
like bye crazy oh what a busy day I have
been like cleaning like crazy of course
because you know I have company coming
this weekend so it's thursday and i know
that the house probably get messy again
but I figured since wishes Levi and I
that I would just get like the main like
deep cleaning out of the way so like I
wash down walls I did the windows and
all the fingerprints and stuff I
organized cupboards I cleaned off the
fridge any loose papers on like dressers
and like that and just did like a more
of like a clean up and like I scrub like
my table my chairs and did laundry but
all my laundry done
just good what else I do oh my goodness
just so busy Anjali I'm just trying to
get it oh I know what I want to do I
want to change the shower curtain too
because I'm like the inside liner looks
really gross and it needs change so I
want to do that but i'm not going to
clean the bathroom because i know that
um nick is cutting Levi's hair tonight
so I know it's gonna be like little tiny
piece of hair everywhere so I was like
I'm even gonna bother until that's all
done I'll probably do that like saturday
morning because it needs to be fresh and
clean for a company um but now it's like
wanti to five so I gotta get supper
going for Nick thankfully have to make
one meal tonight not to and then I don't
work tonight so I'm a little bit bummed
about that because I wanted to spend
time with Nick when I was just leave I
here and now I can't so wah womp womp oh
well and then I gotta go to the store
and the library too because I got some
books to return a movie streeter the
library and then I got to go get a
couple of last minute items on my list
that are like the sales Dunsmore exactly
today and I'm exhausted I sacrificed my
nap to clean people I have to do that
hey guys how's it going so I got home
today and there was a package in the
mail for me and it has to do with some
of my lifestyle changes I want to show
you guys what it is I got this twirling
tie rack now I was looking at like
wouldn't Iraq and stuff they're like 30
bucks this was six bucks like that I'm
gonna try it out so you just put your
ties on there a little cost thing you're
12 around so we'll see how well work
looks easy enough and i also got class
check this out guys I got it's a nice
watch so I wanted to get a nice watch
for when I wear my suit and stuff but
check out this watch don't you this
thing is this is a pretty decent lookin
watch guess how much money this wash
cost me a veggie won't really guess ok
times up it cost me ten dollars on
amazon is that not a great deal here's
what you need to search if you want to
buy this watch on amazon so yeah I like
it man ten bucks a great deal and I
think that's gonna look really good when
I wear my suit to have just like a nice
simple classy watch to wear with it so
yeah one of another one of my items to
wear for my new style change guys it was
so weird to come on today and have only
leave I hear it was like dead silent and
look at the living room it's like
spotless it looks like it hasn't been a
kidding here all
day Zakhar it's so weird to me
everything's all vacuum stuff usually
there's like his toys kids running
around everybody's like that's not my
mess i'm not putting away I'd up in a
way now abney and malachi are near and
they're like everything spotless just
been little levi playing all by itself
today but i think he had fun with mom
I'm ish I can't wait to see the vlog to
see what they did today okay guys is
gave Levi a new haircut I saw everybody
look over here look over here there's
just leave I look at daddy oh there is
his new haircut looking good hey guys
the guy's a check out for his birthday
party coming up so I wanted Vicki want
me to give a haircut so I think it looks
good ah he's a cute oh yeah yeah you
look cute oh you want a bath now okay
deal hey guys so I just finished editing
logs for like probably close to two
hours and now I have to those are just
exporting once we're done I actually go
in and it like probably I think three
more vlog tonight so it's going to be
the craziest night of editing my problem
is 845 now probably finished all my
edits by i'm guessing eleven o'clock so
that's if I just don't take any breaks I
just power through it so yeah skinny
alumni I'm tired my back sore a little
bit I'm sitting down this year huh but
hey it's worth it if you guys are like
in these videos so to the two vlogs I
editor part 1 of the two videos that I
edited just now were the gender old
wives tales so Vicki did a bunch of
tests and did some with the family and
stuff too and so if you want to watch
that it's live now so you can go to
Vicki's channel and watch to see what
the old wives tales say that our baby is
going to be before we have our
gender-reveal party on Saturday so yeah
go check out those videos right now if
you want because I just spent two hours
of you you're good and enjoy
