hey guys it's monday and i'm still have
to get up early even though it's mark
gray because i am watching some kids
today and i also have play date planned
for Malachi's friend from school so
again send me a little bit of crazy i
got 34 year-old boys and then i got the
tooth to uh my seven-year-old girl so
yeah do I fight to get interest getting
dressed no is my breakfast is ready both
are you excited for your friend to come
over yep yeah you could share your
brother my fne yeah acceleration
flourish until car okay that would be
nice if you shared still have your half
has cars hmm big car baskets and when
are you gonna do with your car basket
today are you gonna dump it yep oh oh
yeah that's me last night he's like mom
but my friends are here can we take the
car basket into the room and just dump
it all over the floor no I shower room
no you told me in the living room stay
in my room okay so so the girls could
play out here and the boys can play in
our room that's fine we can do that what
what one are down here the boys craft
battle against cancer your flute sounds
good but ok my guys I have the right
you're my dear Oh what does go there
then boys go back in here then boys go
back in there girls go back in here
that's a great idea what that is here
great idea I'll ok so I just want to sit
down have some breakfast quietly to
myself but I that's gonna happen because
it's now 746 so only gives me 15 minute
apply it at the table and I guarantee as
soon as I pour a bowl of cereal and then
also admit I'm huh
yeah well my breakfast for it wasn't I'm
not hungry I don't want to eat yet yeah
guarantee it is he dressed yet did you
get your clothes on did your big sister
get you try Oh stocks sack oh good job
what'd you say to have an easy Thank You
happening thank you thanks sweetie oh
that's nice I am so tired I just want a
completely cash right now like so tired
it's like 130 in the afternoon highs are
doing that fluttering thing and I think
I just fell asleep standing up right now
Frodo levi's get tired too he's watching
frozen he's watching it on the computer
doesn't he look so cute the little
headphones I owe ya hannun Elsa yeah and
the big boys are over here trying to
play their superhero game but they just
get laughing because you just keep
swimming around in circles in this big
lake I don't know what they're doing and
we hain't guy and you're saying guy to
Maxie to two green ones in the water
so they just keep laughing at that and
then the girls are in here doing a
puzzle marathon look at all these
puzzles oh my goodness that's a lot of
puzzles guys you ain't got more Wow good
job so far I can't you see the whole
table the whole table is gonna be
puzzles yeah my god I should bring some
light to the extra yeah yeah any more
room I don't know if I have a big enough
tables for all the puzzles you guys are
doing hey guys what's up so I want to
kind of reinvent my look if you guys are
a felt like that you're just like I'm
tired of the way like I look my clothes
and stuff like that so what I'm going to
do today is kind of go through my closet
and pick up all the stuff that I don't
like so I can give it away to charity or
whatever because Vicki's mom does I'm a
clothing drive where people can go and
like just take clothes for free so I
want to doing it all that stuff to that
so I'm gonna go through now and see what
kind of stuff I can get rid of okay guys
so here's all the stuff that I have that
either doesn't fit or just doesn't look
it anymore so I got one two three four
pairs of pants of two four six eight ten
twelve thirteen fourteen 14 different
shirts so all these shirts either just
don't fit me anymore or they just don't
look it I really liked this shirt will
acid but it's just too small now cuz I
and there's still lots of things that I
want to get rid of but I need to keep
them just because I don't have a
replacement for them yet like some of my
sweaters here like this one here this
sweater is just so old and I feel like
it looks so Robbie look at this old
gross sweater these are the kind of
things I wear to work too and I feel
like I was end up looking back there's
this like super old Twitter I don't know
if you guys can see these very clearly
or not this whole sweater like they just
look bad and old so I want to get like
this old sweater but I'm gonna keep that
for like painting stuff inning still
like this one this one this one the rest
time I still kind of like but I still
want to get rid of a bunch of stuff like
that's I still have probably half of
that stuff i'm still gonna keep i want
to get rid of so i think i made a huge
cut of stuff today so all this stuff
will be gone you don't have to make room
for new things okay guys here's my round
two of taking these out I've got
two four six eight ten twelve thirteen
fourteen 14 shirts and this was one of
my favorite pairs of jeans like these
gap 19-6 this gap 1969 brand they were
so stinking comfortable I really liked
them but they don't fit anymore so I
gotta get rid of them so somebody's
scoring like the sweetest pair of jeans
these are so freakin comfortable Wow but
yeah there's another round freaking
dozens of clothes going out the window
but all this stuff either doesn't fit me
or it looks really shabby on me so I
want to clear it out to make room for
new things because I want to change my
style like I said this is step one I
guess getting rid of all the junk if you
guys ever done this before how did it
work out for you did you find a
successful after you went shopping for
new stuff or did you end up just getting
the same old kind of stuff but new you
know who else probably could use a
pillage of their stuff is Vicki look at
all this clothes I guarantee you at
least two of these items still have tags
on them last time she did what I'm doing
she pulled out so many things with tags
on them still so yeah I think after I'm
done just going to motivate Vicki Mort
for her to get the same thing then
