going on anymore hey guys it's Saturday
and we have just been laid around the
house all day and I know my laserang
also they even working my butt off we
Miami in the kids okay that's true I've
been lazing around the house all day
just because a birthday party this
afternoon after lunch time so the kids
lake is at time is it time yet i'm like
notes after lunch after lunch thanks for
telling them that it's not for lunch
what so I didn't I knew that the time
would come up quick so we got ready and
everything we're just been sitting
watching frozen and a kid's been playing
but don't be seen a mess I said I don't
let them home to a mess so they're just
playing on this thing over here and
watching frozen but you have a birthday
party to go to this afternoon it's me so
much fun I will definitely do some
footage at the party because it should
be like they're not with the bowling
alley or anything but there's gonna be
some special guests at this birthday
party so you have to be the winds yep
making for lunch i fried up the bread
pickles to meet
it is amazing thanks John where were you
this morning this morning I was super
busy because i did my first photo shoot
my good friend kim and it went pretty
good so i'm going to edit photos next
week and then i'm going to send it to
her see what she thinks i hope she likes
me yeah i got some good ones good i'll
show you later yeah i want to see them
excited i love family pictures but it's
hard for an if you do pictures of our
family because you can't really be in
them it's tough yeah it's hard to do
that right you always have someone else
take pictures but it's hard because it
costs a lot of money too sometimes which
is why my photography business is such a
great deal yeah sixty dollars you get a
full hour shoot a full disc of every
picture you hear a facebook profile
picture you get tons of stuff is a huge
deal yeah because that's just you start
now and trying to get some business
going oh yeah here's to another exciting
business adventure that nyx doing yay
best part about birthday party cupcake
you know he wants to blow he's saying
nice to blow oh did you know they can go
there is only for the birthday boys you
get yours next weekend
good yep for the animal oh he's great
friend me guess 18 fellas how can we
tell she's a parent because she talked
to les a really really good guess it's
not actually she can't talk because did
you know that crows Ravens can pick us
to not just parrot so those are really
good guesses but what makes your
parentage for beef does everyone see how
folks like this so that's called a hook
bill week and all parents have that you
don't like loud noises maybe you should
cover your ears is she can be pretty
loud just giving you fair warning animal
are you ready oh mercy the dinosaurs
love that okay so we're trying to figure
out what's in this container that's
going crazy right now oh yes Oh like
what do you think's in there I never
should try is a turtle inside I think
it's the box yeah what did everyone know
about spray exactly they're really
really smelly power suit you at all
quiet she won't spray she always does
happen emami and levi boxes be buddies
gonna have a turn
I hope they're more
oh do you fit the Fox yeah that's cool
it's time for at least favorite have a
seat I'm here comes the snake is have
any excited for the snake let's go this
way don't squeeze him leave I to just
say it gentle pet play set there you go
this is destiny yeah sneak music hey
guys so the kids had a really fun day
after the party we went to walmart and
they each picked money out of their
piggy bank to get something so maybe
tomorrow we'll show you what they got
but they're in bed sleeping now because
it was such a long day and we're pretty
tired yeah I really tired meeting is
worthy as it like you buy it sound
really talk but I've been wanting to
watch this movie for like over a week
now I have had a chance to do it I read
the book so does the first time I could
ever say that for a movie yeah I read
the book first book first so denying the
book was excellent so I hope the movie
does it justice I think the rivers gonna
wreck it I think the movies till you're
gonna wreck it really yeah mm-hmm I
don't think so hey I'm looking forward
to it I've heard good things about it so
I want to watch it well sometimes little
kid actors are really crappy and usually
Christian films the cornea is already
corny acting this kids probably gonna
suck so bad as an actor I'm still
watching it I don't watch it but I'm
probably I feel like
