it is a beautiful thursday afternoon and
we are going for a walk and look guys I
can push the stroller and not have to
worry about it getting stuck it's no
baby cuz i have clear pavement in front
of me and the kids are really enjoying
the sunshine it was getting really hot
in house with the sun shining through
the blind and that sounds like let's
come inside it muddy really warm out
there's actually a little bit windy i
have a bit of a chill to it um so that's
too bad byeeeee the Sun is deceiving
because the you think is a lot warmer
than it is outside it's not too bad
where are you going miss Brielle we
can't there's junebug no over Derek Ozzy
on the pavement on the road okay hey
boys we go for a while yeah we're
walking in the sky are you in the
stroller yeah there comes a car I found
some rain boots that fit Levi and so he
can go in the puddles now you are using
on the pedal no yeah I've been going the
puddle with Brielle you got your rain
boots on no you will go back in the
stroller well Briana's are big splashes
don't get your pants way Levi go try
yeah no jumping on the advice in there
okay he'll get him wet hey go wow you
know it's got back it went with that one
here you go adds a muddy puddle yeah the
money one
oh don't fall in it don't fall Eve I
okay Levi no more come on out i canno
guys look like the bubbles are going on
like a water slide ride all the bubbles
are coming downstream see the most I'm
amused by the little things what can I
say did you put your socks in your room
yeah yes you did did you put your socks
in your mouth yeah no no no yes you did
no more mama yeah are you doing do you
like being tickled tooth why choose your
socks off ya mouth hey you want to do it
all the way like that okay okay did you
put your socks in your mouth yeah did
you yeah yeah you did leave I did you
put your thoughts in your mouth ya know
are you sure yeah yes you're dead did
you put your socks in here now did you
know hey guys what's up so is taco
Thursday's not really actually something
we do every Thursday but it's good look
at this guy steals my spot what are you
do with your lake spread oh so for like
I said no eat right he's trying to put
spider-man in my food anyways I guess it
down I'm say down on you look you get my
spot get out of my spot
thats Sarah except better you went up is
that oh say oh yeah we're having tacos
and I feel like I've had so long cuz
sometimes we have like every week for
the last time we had it I threw up so I
wasn't able to eat it I make this I
make this if i make closer awesome
eggs I make a little I like it and
I me make this trip in this up it's
cool man do you like that yeah what do
you say dizzy but guys levi's two years
old but I still like to be swallowed up
like a little baby yeah are you still a
little baby do you like it yep yep he
doesn't like that you like to be in the
blanket we still have a little baby in
the house yes we do
so guys I'm tired a really good sleep on
couch
moncler then
