porthouse thing for them you can see
levi supposing we thought the sheets
what have you got in your little house
the kitchen what else do you have I hear
the movie frozen see the TV and your
house do mm-hmm because because we did
that before we did when I i made this
fort last summer when frozen was dying
and frozen was on with lily and even
ruined last time and then only really
look there's barrels came up the doggie
door out here let me put a TV that she
would tell sure kid I baby hope I get as
a castle oh it's gonna take some more
kitchen stuff inside okay Levi in there
watching frozen Levi you in there where
are you where are you baby is you got
frozen on in here oh thank you smooshed
someone running me over Oh careful leave
you're supposed to crawl any word shake
cookie cookie groan okay put that word
in his mouth hey guys so the hunt
continues I'm gonna go into this mall
see if I can find a suit because I can't
have any luck at the last place so
hopefully there's a couple of stores in
here and hopefully one of them's got
something that looks good for me Levi's
got his grilled cheese sandwich for his
birthday night cuz he loves its ketchup
you got ketchup whoa hmm got ketchup on
there
hey you call it soup i know it's ketchup
ketchup ketchup this is a good try thank
you it's time and and and and le miere
and the bone said happy bday mass high
and and it is so subtle yeah how are you
guys are playing out of 10 for Taylor
Malachi's right thing yeah is your
birthday did you get that for your
birthday yes one drink it right there
mm-hmm I knew you'd like your own water
bottle see a sauce just know what to get
their kids right yeah guys I am so
disappointed I really felt like eating
sour cream and onion crispers look at
the package i bought and I didn't even
notice it until I put one of my mouth
and it was so gross it's green like the
sour cream and a new package but it's
still pickle and that day so browse and
I'm so disappointed because I really
wanted that style cumin onion taste what
are you looking at look at my hearing
and I'm again got big ah and the pot
here in the part you're just like your
brother you are just like your brother
cool are you got being your brother do
you see yourself in the pot man why is
that what you're looking at hey guys are
silly it's jack you guys are so
entertaining sometimes I guess sounds
like clean up the kitchen Malachi's I
look at my hair long or like you
hey guys so the mall was a half bust
they didn't have any of the suits that
were under five hundred dollars in my
size and I found one suit I really like
but they don't have any returns or
extreme they all they have is an
exchange or historic credit so I want to
make sure Vicky liked it before i buy it
because if not what else I don't want to
have like three hundred dollars with the
credit at some store so I'm gonna have
tight up some pictures of it and I'll
show Vicky and see if she likes it and
then i'll see if i can get the pictures
on the vlog too but I took them on my
phone and I don't know how easy it's
going to be for me to extract them from
my phone to put onto the video I got
chocolate all down the front of me and
it's all over me hmm look it it's all
over my hand it's all over my face it's
all over my chair and it's all over my
shirt you're covered in it oh well yeah
chocolate hmm so malachi levi are in the
fort watching a show called Wild Kratts
and leave I fell asleep let's go take a
look just close your eyes I see my
birthday boy you're tired but I say oh I
saw him sleeping off a little sleepy
yeah this is the first time you're
having a sleep too it's so cozy in here
oh it's cold in you it's cool because
you're on the floor let's lie down on
the blanket and put a blanket on top
John me get you another blanket yeah
okay it's suppertime Levi I know we
don't know sit right there what's nice
right
barbies and always so awesome take it
out Big Bang jump yeah we should mm-hmm
you guys would Frank space for your
birthday dinner Oh even go by yourself
ah to see you get up in your chair by
yourself let's see hey Clem your cheer
yeah put the car down put the car down
okay now you do it see what you did
happy birthday to you happy birthday
you're starting to you Lucas a big cloud
the big cookie you want to eat it yeah
it's a cookie mmm good okay you want you
to smarty haha yay there's my cookie
cake guy it's really good Vickie cool eh
yum yum yum yum cookie cookie cookie
cookie cookie cookie cookie cookie
