check out Nick's meal at McDonald's you
would think we're at a fancy restaurant
menu and they served it to you with a
beeper on your table yeah so weird it's
so weird like this little platter
yeah so everyone had their meal I sat
down because like digit gaming I'm like
hold up bring it they bring your pop and
everything to you oh my goodness
everything you to try and transition
this just like $12 yeah it's a sin so I
tried it
that's a big
yeah
Harvey's everything except for the
burgers are excited to play over here
later it's a huge play place should be
fine okay hey guys so we are in the new
town that we're gonna be living in and
our house is being delayed so they've
actually given us a house to rent
temporarily while waiting for our house
and why you mean a mansion the yard okay
this is the driveway this is the yard
like do you see all this oh my gosh this
is the house yeah yeah so yeah it's got
a three-car garage over here there's a
huge guy so we're like great we're going
to live in this house for a few months
our house is gonna be ready and the food
feel small because this feeling huge for
us this is crazy
hey it's got like a little oh gosh this
is the living room
oh the foot you want to get ya got a big
deck it's better than over this smells
in here though I don't know if any more
new well I was expecting is one of the
new bills yeah yeah me too this may go
okay guys so we're in the new house
upstairs that it's friggin massive
there's so much rooms one bedroom two
bedroom three bedroom bathroom four
bedrooms this bedroom has its own
bathroom too hmm and one of these
measures have like a secret closet that
goes up to another level so we're on the
second floor and you come into this
first bedroom and there's another secret
room let's go stay
here's another room
yeah pretty sure they're gonna tear it
down
it's kind of ghetto yeah there's a
bathroom up here
like a secret guest room or something
big closet cool guys it stinks in here
no they did a bad job
so yeah let's go check something also
awesome rain away Nick's eyes are
climbing obvious like yeah my childhood
days I didn't like it that much use okay
and maybe watch my mouth I think it down
this is the garage
check out the Beast big not as big as I
thought it was gonna be
gamer okay what's up you have a nice
yeah and Vicki yeah the same thing
though we found this sweet ice cream
shop and make you make they have like 50
flavors every flavor to the milks not to
her mother sing a little bit by herself
because she's going a little fast we've
done this like secluded area with the
park by the water we didn't see a sign
the park is part of the spine Avenue
just caught a butterfly oh yeah there's
a Beebe I need to know
I'm freaking out as I hate bumblebees
are you catching that was hard work
that's flying around like crazy guys
so cool card right there and is
reporting rain oh oh my goodness
