hey guys what's up so I just want to
give an update to its been happening
last couple days I got the flu then
probably a couple hours after i got it
throwing up and diarrhea all the toilet
how many got it right at me you're just
starting to be able to eat some food
again so she's testing out eating some
food for the first time and then after
ab me and I got it like a four o'clock
in the morning the next day Vicki got it
so vicki has the flu I have the flu and
hobby has to pull and luckily the boys
did haven't gotten it so yeah that's why
there hasn't been a vlogs up lately
because we just been like kale just
lying on the floors puking and pooping
and I barely anything but I think we're
reaching the end of it but yeah just
wanted to give you guys an update swear
there hasn't been many vlogs up and
we'll see you guys as soon as we get
better and start to be able to make some
more videos
