hang out the time for another
Sunday afternoon quickie when takes
Sunday no that's not what we call it so
what do we do today um we went to
bowling we went bowling for a birthday
party and it was a superhero birthday
party has so many cool superhero gifts
from like the loot bags it was a really
fun party check out these cool superhero
gifts um suckers I Emmanuel well cool go
play pack when I was in there coming
yeah I remain strong can we get it
around hey you can open it got all kinds
of cool stuff mouth spider-man and Levi
has his batman shirt on yeah it was
coupe it was really cute a lot of the
kids are all dressed up now Levi so
pooped he just wants to watch frozen
you're gonna watch let go you want to
watch it yeah so yeah ah man I'm so
tired from yesterday I didn't get to
edit the vlog yet so I'm busy today man
Hannah to edit Vicky's walk she was like
oh my blog I was like oh sorry I'm
trying to edit everybody's logs Oh Levi
just got upset about something I don't
know what it is all about candy what
else in the world is there to be upset
about it than not candy anyways thanks
for watching today guys know it's short
and sweet but tomorrow we'll have a nice
full vlog sweet yeah I can't is weak
it's but we'll see you guys tomorrow for
another full day's log thanks for
watching see tomorrow
