I doing pookie oh gee you're ready to
box are you believe I just came over to
me and he comes and brings me a pair of
jeans and he says pants pants and he's
pulling on his pants what you want jeans
on you want your jeans you want deep mom
tell you my jeans on look it look he's
lying down for me to tease him are you
wanting your jeans on you must be like
his big brother who wears his teens all
the time did you grab the genes for Levi
or did you got them himself yeah that's
funny are you gonna put your jeans on
are you gonna put jeans on I get are you
yeah you like jeans on can you say jeans
jeans yeah there you go you got your
jeans on are you doing yeah are you try
to put your car in your pocket that's
why you wanted jeans cuz you wanted
pockets you wanted pocket didn't you you
go you got a car in your pocket cute
catch a falling car and put it in your
pocket never let it go away Michael you
know just some never let the cookie and
then never let that face go away yeah
that's right I guess that's our version
anyways what are you doing with your
shirt's up hey drew an evite I don't
bookie oh gee you're ready to box are
you oh okay guys gentle please
this is what Nick teaches the boys hey
oh yeah no thank you have a you to the
hug now please hugs hugs hugs Levi hug
hug Levi hugs hugs hugs hugs and kisses
hugs and kisses you love each other hugs
and kisses crazy boys I really don't
need another one I don't know it softly
hi I better go hey guys what's up so I
just wanted to let you know that tonight
at nine thirty we're going to be doing a
vlog errs newlywed game the whole bunch
of other youtubers so if you want to
watch as going to be live tonight on
Scott Simpsons channel so if you want to
go to youtube.com slash Scott Simpson
that's where it's going to happen in
will be at nine thirty eastern standard
time make sure you guys come and check
it out because it's going to be
hilarious hey guys how's it going so I
was just going on facebook and I noticed
that we got tagged to do a challenge
from the kinsella bunch so I don't know
I'm saying your guys names properly but
the kinsella bunch anyways this is the
challenge you have to ask your spouse a
question whether and they have to know
the answer and if they get it right then
they don't get whipped cream in the face
and if they get it wrong then you have
to put a plate of whipped cream in their
face so it looks like a heck of a lot of
fun / going to try it out or sure we
were trying to figure out some new
challenges to do because as you guys
know we did it all the time before we
haven't we've been so busy lately we
haven't had a chance to do it but I'm
glad you guys tag des is gonna motivate
us to get back into it so if you haven't
checked out their channel yet there'll
be a link below you guys can go over and
check out their shame I'll see how their
challenge win and it was really funny to
watch hey guys what's up welcome to the
Canadian family vlog studio Vicki's
doing her pregnancy vlog hey Vicki
taking a little break she just finished
one and there's kind of son eating the
birdie another one and it's ten-thirty
this is when you know you're a true
blogger when you stay up late to get the
videos up for your subscribers because
you just love them so much so we're
doing some videos we have all the lights
turned off right now we're taking a
break but this is my back late so this
is the one that comes from behind this
is my supporting late and this is my key
light and that's our camera with a
little microphone I like this wrote Mike
but is dead
not the best Mike you can get but it's
good for if you have a budget it was
only a hundred bucks so hopefully after
I'm finished my grants if I get the
additional supports at the end of it I'm
gonna use some of that money to upgrade
my microphone system for video ography
so yeah it's gonna be sweet man anyways
Vicki's got some cool topics for her
prego vlog coming up next week a biggie
oh yes you have to watch it's actually
pretty interesting we were just doing
some research on it and I was like oh
this is some of these solutions to these
pregnancy problems seem like they're
easily easily solved but the trick of it
is sometimes you read a solution or
something you know this is simple let's
just do that and promise off but it
actually doesn't really solve the
problem as well as you think hey Vicki
the reason why women are pregnant and
not men what does not even have to do
with it seem like a big deal right yeah
yes yeah big he knows if I was pregnant
I'd be complaining on so I would just
stay in bed every day all day I think I
can't move there's a new sore my body
you need to do everything for me oh yeah
anyway so I'm gonna end the vlog here so
thanks for watching sort of this walk
was a little short I feel like I didn't
get a lot of logs in but Vicki I haven't
seen what she's done yet but we'll see
you guys small and have a fantastic
night
