came and hold you step off the ground
yeah good one
hey guys what's up so I had to call the
stake for work today because I just this
cough has been driving me nuts man you
know when you have those cops they just
keep you off throughout the night and
like you just keep coughing up phlegm
and coughing up phlegm comments I was so
brutal but even though I took the day
off work I still have to go to this one
super meeting I have take I wish I don't
have to go so I could just stay home
kind of sleep off this cold hey guys
what's up so I just got home from my
mean and went really really good and
look at this Mickey sitting here Sam
asleep on the couch watch a movie
nonsense Lee well I guess not sound
asleep but she looked pretty out of it
when I came in the door but yeah just
want to give you guys a heads up what
Vicki does during that nothing think
it's so bad when I say that for the
occasional time that she takes it up hey
guys so I came to pick up my ahhh hi
from school here's my okay now hello
good so the parking in the school at the
school for the parents and stuff like
that they don't have enough Sparky spots
and half the parking lot is covered in
snow so even if there was enough parking
spots you can't access them pretty bad
it's I just sit in front of cars waiting
for him to come out because there was
nowhere for me to put my car unless i
left the whole neighborhood can they
turn him back but I got him and now
we're on our way home we might go to the
store and get some stuff for us hey guys
what's up so I'm not coming which store
to get some stuff and where do we do it
now yeah we have to wait for me right
not again but I wouldn't take any entire
because I need to get some additional
workout equipment I would have showed
you guys in the store but we literally
ran in grabbed the singer right Alex way
to get here for armies bus stop together
in time but I needed a chin-up bar
because my routine is calling me to do
chin ups and I don't have anything to do
it on unless you guys have some sort of
cool like way to do chin-ups I don't
know about that you don't need a bar for
and I needed an ab wheel so I got the
app will and chin up bar in this package
and it came with these push-up helper
things to I guess I'm not gonna be doing
the program that comes with this but I
needed those two tools and it was fifty
dollars just to buy the chin up bar or
was forty-nine dollars to buy
bar that I'm real missing and I needed
the I will which is only 11 bucks family
but so I got the package and I'm gonna
try it out see how it goes hopefully it
works for what I need to do and i can
continue getting fit hey guys so i had
to get this compression thing for
Vicky's leg and i'm going to get our
this one but it's like 40 bucks and it
give you this expensive if i ask the
pharmacist my do you have any of these
things here they're like no we don't
carry those and then i come over and
look they have a whole friggin section
of it so i don't know why she doesn't
know that is there but there it is when
the wide open Lyle so he came to the
bulk barn so I can get some nuts and
things like that to give myself a
healthy snack tale film yet because I
know wanting stacks of all time I don't
want to eat chips Lego candy well Kai
got Lego candy which is there haven't
got these little gummy things yeah I
need to get something to snack on to
fill my tummy is every junk yes Daddy
many years leave i am testing out and
all the pool bar oh there's a lot of
hard work one handers Ted nice work more
okay hold on grab it ready no more he's
gonna want to do this all night now hey
Avenue just hanging around you trying to
do 110 okay click she's hanging off good
job no more for you it's hard work ok
here goes mommy trying to chin up yeah
you know that's the way I did yes let's
Rafina here she goes it'll hold you help
me oh you got at least like hold
yourself up huh Yuki you came and hold
yourself off the ground yeah good one
one
do ok chin-ups are super hard dirt it's
gonna hold you just help me yeah I did
like it a whole bunch of times breaking
I said I know when I first first it
doesn't seem like it should hold you mom
I can't even do a push there you are
getting good chin up I can't do it
either this isn't like a stronger in
Louisville when I first started phase
one of bony to beastly last time I
change it any pushups I do like three
and I was diving but now i can do like
four sets of ten push-ups so it really
gradually you get better eyes so don't
judge me on this way i think i could
probably do one let's see it here we go
so I'm super active but I guarantee you
by the enof a su I'm gonna be able to at
least one set of 10 so Nick was being a
jerk and he was spraying me with the
water bottle and so I wanted to get him
and I tried grabbing it from him and
look what happened I use my new muscles
to grip this and as I was grim penis she
was like oh goodness to me she bends
miss it plus it or leave it off and this
is right I didn't know there's still
water in it oh look it's like empty da
anyway so let's look it guys I got
soaked she Peter Pan I'm so proud of
water square all over me hmm what a mess
I think this Punisher it should be he
used to clean the kitchen no I think
that guys check out what I got I can't
punish me I gotta happen get ready to
get ripped abs if you guys ever used one
of these before you have to go like this
push your waist board and then hit
delete all the way up like this ah it
hurts your abs so nice on the kitchen
floor either hey guys what's up so I
just gotta try and get the kids bed
sleeping Vicki's gonna go out after she
does her bedtime or two of them that I
gotta make sure they're all asleep then
I get to go do my workout routine which
is where I got that new stuff because I
gotta do the ab roller which is new I
chin-ups which is new so it'll be a
couple of new things what are you doing
see ya so that'll be different to have
the new workout so I'm expecting to have
some new sore muscles of things i'm not
using it then i'm going to make another
one of those smoothies my protein powder
that was actually turned out to be
pretty good last time even though the
first couple taste we didn't a second a
roomie and i do a lot plus i'm going to
make a delicious me save with this brand
so edgy guy so yeah it's gonna be pretty
good night probably be tired by the end
of it but it'll be worth a nite nite k
bye everybody crazy night
