okay so there you have it guys the
target blowout sale so Breanna and I
were wondering what to do today we
didn't know what to do did we we play
blog and played animals we're gonna play
some Barbies now that Beckett's sleeping
so what did we decide to do lucky no
cookies what are we doing we're baking
we're gonna bake some muffins muffins
you say muffin muffin no not cookies say
muffins muffins yeah so when all those
fails just turn to be we're not doing
from scratch though I'm just using a
package because it's easier here's our
yummy muffins that we made today
what did you say Brielle can you eat
them up in now I'll finish your lunch
first and then maybe we'll get a muffin
after I have never met a little kid that
likes noodle soup as much as Brielle I
like this I think you love it bang baby
oh shoot
yes I got the right one this time denied
she asked to eat it every single day
every day that she's here she asks to
eat it right for you
because you love it hey guys what's up
so I'm just about to eat some stuffed
peppers from yesterday and then I'm
gonna go in at Target and check out
their deals cuz they have thirty percent
of everything in the whole store
well apparently up to thirty percent off
everything a little story and I watched
Gareth and Kayleen go into the store by
their place and this door was trashed
like it was garbage I want to see if
this place is the same if you haven't
checked out the bottons channel yeah go
check them out I'll leave a link below
and you can go check out Gareth and
Kayleen when they checked out the store
by then you've gotta see it like the
place is complete garbage now but yeah
I'm gonna go in here check it out I'm
trying to find some birthday party
supplies for because Levi's birthday's
coming up next month so I want to have
some sort of like cheap deal and some
party supplies room so we'll go and
we'll check it out we'll see whether or
not this
target is up to par so this store is way
more organized than Gareth and Kay leans
it still looks like a brand new store
with like nothing missing
I told to give up a different party
supplies I appreciate it want any of it
it was kind of leftover things for okay
so there you have it guys the targets
blowout sale its muffin eating time
Brielle's got her muffin and what was it
wrapped in princesses and I gave back to
the little muffin he got a little mini
one he's just smashing it into his face
I'm nom nom yum good yeah
and Levi's got a big ones he's a big boy
yeah muffin well you say muffin
hey is it good you got a drink yeah so I
was just talking to Nick on the phone
and he was saying he's at Target that's
going out of Canada and he was saying
that there's all this toys and party
stuff on discount and leave my second
birthday is really soon it's like two
weeks away now I think maybe three
anyways his birthday's March 10th so
it's close and so we were talking and we
were like what do we get him we don't
even know what to get him already has so
much stuff he has so much passed down
from Malachi even and like plays with
the stuff that Malachi plays with like
he got so much stuff for Christmas like
train sets and everything so we just
don't know what to get him so if you
guys have any suggestions on what to get
him that would be awesome and so
appreciated because yeah for like why do
we want to add more toys nice house
seriously we don't need them just
getting a little hockey time in before
you go pick up a venes and the best
stuff
that was one nice shot Levi hey hey guys
so I have me school she had to make a
habitat and check out our awesome job
she did see that it's a habitat for a
clownfish so she's got like this
backdrop there's a clownfish back there
made of clay this is a jelly stuff
places to hide in coral reef ugh does
all this stuff her grouchy stuff that
you find in the ocean it is so good that
she can actually tell you all kinds of
information about that but she's too shy
she doesn't want to do on the camera
Vicki yeah she's like her mom can't take
a compliment about anything they'll get
all embarrassed and not wanting to talk
about it that's one thing they both have
very much in common I on the other hand
love to get complimented let's say bye
to mom everyone
who can do a lot is this here you hey
guys what's up so I just finished my
workout now I'm going to make it a
little smoothie to try this protein
powder and hopefully better than your
heart's juice so I got this Caribbean
thing it has mango strawberries peaches
I put some orange juice in and I'm gonna
blend it up and see if it makes this
hemp protein powder have a little more
or less of that grainy texture and more
of just the flavors of shake so steam is
better I hope it is so I'm gonna try it
out let you guys know okay one thing's
for sure we're at the bat if for sure
doesn't look any better it looks like a
like baby poop that was frozen and then
blended out which isn't the best looking
thing you do one thing's for sure it's
not gonna have the clump of the hemp
stuff on the bottom of the juice etienne
because before that was a grocers part
when she got like 3/4 away down your
drink it was all like pure hedges and
better it's still a little grainy but
the flavors better with all the fruit
inside it so I'm gonna try this out for
the next couple of protein powder shakes
and then maybe I'll try a different pack
of floors and fruit to I think the one
flavor I'm not liking is you know one
fruits not ripe and they freeze it and
it kind of has that kind of bitter
unripened fruit it tastes like that this
frozen fruit packet like it tastes like
they picked it off the tree before was
ready froze it and now they want me to
blend it up and drink it when it's not
ripe which isn't the best taste but I
mean I don't taste the protein powder as
much that is grainy so let's try this
out and see how it goes
hey guys what's up just made a bunch of
videos for my channel as you see I got
my stuff out but yeah it's gonna be
exciting I'm excited the way things are
going with my channel and the only thing
I'm missing is more subscribers so you
guys might check it out go ahead and
check it out no you don't have to if you
don't want to but I'm leaving everything
set up so they can you do her pregnancy
vlog when she gets home from work
because she probably forgot about it
because she's busy anyways so I'm gonna
go ahead in like 5 vlogs and I'll see
you guys tomorrow have a great night
