Danielle sent me a photo is it don't
panic 30 is only 12 in scrabble happy
Friday everybody it's a happy friday for
me I have no daycare and Malachi and
Levi are home and I'm so happy about
that because I have so much to get done
before the weekend it's nick's birthday
tomorrow so we're gonna bake him a cake
clean the house I'm gonna make him a
really good supper you know stuff like
that so I gotta do all it meal prep and
everything I have pampered chef orders
to go in that I have to get that done
today I've got laundry I need to get
done because hopefully hopefully I could
get to go out with Nick for his birthday
tomorrow night he wants to go to the
movies and maybe do dinner so we're
gonna look into doing that tomorrow
hopefully everything works out and my
parents can babysit oh yeah be fun
anyways the big 30 tomorrow guys don't
forget to wish me a happy birthday hey
guys so I just got a message for my dad
and he wanted to take me out for lunch
today so I'm gonna go meet up with him
and we're going to Jack Astor's and if
you guys didn't know tomorrow is my
birthday so you're watching this right
now it's my 30th birthday so I'm feeling
pretty old so it's gonna be nice to go
out for supper with my god at my mom's
stuff yeah i just made like a mad dash
down the street to get here on time four
avenues best because we were like behind
at the door getting ready and stuff and
I almost didn't put some pants on but
then i was like no it's like minus 16 i
probably put snow pants on um so that i
did and i guess what her bus is late
it's not even here not here on time it's
like five minutes late already still
doesn't come down the hill so I'm like
I'm so out of breath I really shouldn't
run that much when pregnant it's not a
good idea hey guys so I just got back
from lunch with my parents and my
grandma and it was pretty fun to see
them all but the place we went to jack
astor's it's friggin ridiculously
expensive and the food is not that good
I got a burger fries for 11 box which
was the cheapest one the next one ups
like fifteen dollars and the burger
tastes like crap then the fries were
just like McCain fries taste Ely they
were just cheap fries like I don't
understand how restaurants like that can
charge so much money for such a small
amount of garbage
food like how come you do that
restaurants like there's some
restaurants Vicki I go to that are
affordable you're spending like five
bucks six bucks each and you're getting
a crap ton of food that's the kind of
place I like to spend my money I don't
like to support restaurants like Jack
Astor's because they're just a ripoff
man ebony does to eat more she puts our
neck warmer rate up enter headbands on
her ears but it's also covering her eyes
hey guys what's up so I was just
thinking about how I'm turning 30
tomorrow I'm getting really bummed out
about it because thirties old man kind
of sucks makes you feel like I'm
reaching like the end years of my life
even though I know I have still lots of
time left it still makes me feel really
old so I just want to give a special
shout-out to Leah cnl Danielle Harper
and Krystle Campbell and of course Alex
itself for the nice comments they put on
facebook about me be getting older and
yeah Alex LaSalle gave the best company
everyone gave all these nice things and
he was like was think it'd just be me
laughing so yeah thanks guys for all of
your support and I know that is really
not that old and I'm probably just going
through some sort of midlife crisis
thing but yeah I really appreciate all
my friends and everybody on YouTube you
guys are the best I really value your
support on this channel and I know it
doesn't seem like you're doing much just
by subscribing watching our videos but I
mean read through the comments all the
time and just knowing that there's
people out there that care about us so
we want to be a part of our lives it
makes me feel
like there's value to what I do in life
and I just really love you guys and I
really appreciate the support that you
do okay so the kids have their jobs and
we're gonna make daddy's birthday cake
so we'll see how it turns out Malachi
your job is to put the cake mix in the
bowl and the vegetable oil in the bowl
your job is to put the water in the bowl
and the eggs in the bowl yeah okay good
and then all three of you can use the
blender we're making a cake cake cake
cake glee star yep good oh so this is
the cake that we make it's Betty Crocker
devil's food flavor it's like Nick's
absolute favorite he loves cold
chocolate cake so that's what we're
gonna make so the cakes are just going
into the oven now i'll probably have
Nick Isis own cake just cuz I completely
suck it icing the cake I just haven't
learned how to perfect that yet and it's
pretty good at it so I let him do it all
the time even though it's his own
birthday cake and then tomorrow we'll
probably decorate it for him and the
kids can write happy birthday like that
hey guys what's up so I just got home my
phone buzzed and I was like what's that
and I look Danielle sent me a photo is
it don't panic 30 is only 12 in scrabble
I was laughing so hard when I saw that
and I told Vicki and she's like how I
was so funny that was the funniest
t-shirt i wish i had that like a word
tomorrow but I don't that is a funny
shirt thank you for sending me that
Danielle ok guys so i have nick's cake
it's not i stir done yet but there is
over the ovens or to put it together i
made homemade tea biscuits since the big
design disaster of the kitchen and i
made a potato and chicken stew for
supper no i have giant messy kitchen but
hopefully you'll be a nice hearty meal
hey guys what's up so i just finished
watching and we'd be called 12 years of
slave and it is super depressing and
it's all about this guy who gets
kidnapped and
but brocklin brought into slavery and
then all kinds of horrible things
happened i'm not going to spoil the mood
for you but the whole time I'm thinking
that I was watching the butler and
that's the movie i wanted to watch it is
supposed to be built like some guy who
came all the way from slavery to like
working in the White House or something
like that so I'm watching the movie
thingy oh man he's gonna get this being
the White House is gonna be such a cool
story and then it ends up not being that
at all and I come out and I'm telling
Vicki about it and I'm like I don't
understand i thought that guy was like
working the White House Vicki's League
oh don't even the butler my day is a
stupid movie I wanted to see the whole
time not as dumb 12 years a slave that
was like seriously the most depressing
thing ever I've run watch it was so
crazy yeah I didn't want it it was
horrible i wanna better though and it
was so graphic and just like very
intense it was a very intense movie
tonight a whole mood is throwing up so
yeah if you're gonna if you're gonna
watch the butler do not accidentally
watch 12 years of slave you are a little
depressed about turning 30 tomorrow I
know it push it over the edge I need a
romantic comedy or something like share
me up anyways probably going now so I
will see you guys tomorrow and I will be
30 oh can you tell him you like this
dude all right I did like the Jew is
really good why he liked it yay you
didn't think I was going like no I was
like I hope you likes it oh no it was
really good i like to a lot but it was
yeah it was really good anyways see you
guys tomorrow
