but you can make some clay pots and
decorate them just got all over paint
and everything you're probably make some
a spots for solar plants right guys you
know how I sometimes will leave a
walk-in freezer and I'll explode and get
all over the freezer and make a big
giant mess well Vicki left a pumpkin in
the freezer last night but look it
didn't even explode how come every time
I do it it explodes meets the biggest
mess if it gets off said she does it and
look it just stretches completely Oh
doesn't even explode it all looks like
cool though oh oh blow I can't believe
she did her tonight are you oh oh it was
but this time it wasn't me uh what are
you don't drop it English blow oh yeah
yeah I'm a dragon I if I had to get them
a tickle
that's how you play dragon tickles okay
guys so we're going to use some plants
pot preparation so ovni has got this
little cuz she got should get make
some clay pots and decorate them just
got all over paint and everything or
probably make some nice spots for so
plans right so let's do it okay so i got
this idea from calling he and what it is
is you put a piece of paper with like
paint on it stuff it's right here and
the kids can smush it and play around
with it and they won't get paint on them
okay so see you leave I likes whoo you
guys smush yeah he push it push it down
oh you lucky going guessing you kiss for
 hmm trying to a painting kinda
let's go paintbrush sales yeah but you
can use your fingers do I can't leave I
ok you can make a painting so we'll see
how it looks after we're done so here's
Levi's finished products they look
pretty cool I think he had a pretty fun
time with it so thanks Colin and Katie
for the great idea it was really good
the best parties there was no mess look
at him he's spotless he's fathers and
I'm making a lot of these are my mom for
valentine's day that's nice we're going
to a store leader and get some flower
seeds and plant some flowers in the yeah
we need some deer I think I'm my house
and yard though in some liquid cement Co
great idea check out Malachi's grass
looking good ah good old nature here you
go it's on your head yeah hey give back
here Levi haha c'mere c'mere Levi Levi
what are you doing go get my okay yeah
he's like a zombie oh the Nick sounds
the controller to his helicopter sighs
flying it around and he's trying right
now to land it on the fan just really
hard because it's in I in earlier this
morning the video isn't here well isn't
that the most irritating sound oh so we
just got to the store and we're trying
to get some gardening stuff just weeks
to our seeds next month I got a few
herbs and stuff and the cells for
planting the seeds but I don't want to
see the hazard rate but where my
codecanyon tired because didn't really
have that much stuff i needed a lot more
than just this stuff there really a big
selection so yeah we'll probably go
there too so we're back and of course we
had to get some timber dollars okay he's
had yeah you are you guys doing it cool
chocolate that's one of my favorite
season I let me get right on your hand
ah guys check it out Malachi's a little
Rambo and training he's got his bullet
vest his gun he's protective glasses
look out criminals mob guys in town wha
misfire you're lucky this time punks
here's a havanese finished pontus she
made this one has hearts in a dolphin
she hand painted all these this one's
got flowers and like a little design on
the top this one has butterflies on it
and has remaining glitter glue so the
designs as she did and this one is stars
and also looks pretty cool eh so now
we're gonna plant some of these flowers
in there pretty eight these are the ones
that have any pic from canadian tire
today i'm going to plant them in here
water them and then see if they grow
should be fun
look guys I swallowed Levi like a baby
in this blanket do you like it he loves
it he's also knuckled right up like a
baby swaddles Nicki swaddle a baby wish
to speak more you like the BB oh yeah
brother if I'd be fun to try see if I
slide the skills and I do hey guys
what's up so my older brother Jay is
having a baby girls are really excited
for up and makes me and Vicki even more
anxious to find out what we're gonna
have so we can't wait I don't even know
when you can find out what can you find
out what your having Vicki when yeah
like three month next month wait to the
beginning or the end like mid gonna wait
I hate waiting for stuff but yeah so
we're probably just gonna chela tonight
because we just finished our worship
practice for an hour or so now I got to
go and do some vlog editing for you guys
because we love you guys and also guys
please remember to leave some comments
below because we seem to get a lot of
views but not a ton of comments and I'm
interested to know what you guys like
think about what we're going what we're
doing in the day or want to know what
you guys are up too if you've done some
of the things we've done or whatever
just fake it til you guys a lot better
so feel free to leave those college girl
little Vicki sounds gross she's take
some of that medicine I made her anyways
that's another topic right so see you
guys tomorrow night
