talking to the guy and you recommended I
try using this hemp one so I'm gonna get
it try it out see if I like it and see
how it works can I have one whopper
combo with no onions ok and another
whopper combo with cheese and annoyance
cheese and no onions heavy and tweet can
I get 20 nuggets you ready yeah no
that'll be it securing are going to
burger king yeah she keeps want to hang
out with me on my lunch cuz she wants to
be in the vlog cydia she wants some of
this Fame you know cuz i have so many
people watching so no car today and
thankfully thankfully my mom is home so
she's back watching the kids giving me a
break like just walk up to the bus stop
and get a beneath and I'm really
grateful for the hat because it's
freezing outside so dragging all the
kids out and the babies out and this not
fun and I mean if I had to obviously I
do it but thankfully I don't have to and
I'm just so thankful just to be outside
getting some fresh air even though it's
freezing out here I don't care because I
need the fresh air I need a break I
really do is really long day and I'm
just feeling like stuck in the house you
know like that kind of feeling so it's
nice to just get high for a bit yeah
that's good Hogan happening hopefully
she'll be happy to see me in that
grandma going to the bus stop check it
out whopper fries doggies Bob yeah screw
having a diet there's all kinds of
delicious food out in the world we can
eat get me back from getting a bunny and
look us in our driveway I love getting
fires even though I can't buy a lot of
the stuff in the third really of course
I price management hey guys so I'm at at
nature's Emporium which is like a health
food store and checking out their
proteins other protein powders and
here's the different stuff and I was
talking to the guy and recommended I try
using this hemp
so I'm gonna get it try it out see if I
like it and see how it works hey guys so
I'm just home Vicky just wait for work I
had so much stuff to you my home I could
even record it and go get new hard drive
so i can get your stinking vlogs out on
time because i'm so frustrated that one
didn't work how to get milk and now I
came home we're having supper was what
is happening with your plan your grass
on there is it growing their grass on
this summer some is selfish little like
ham me it's like a whole family mmm like
all that grass over there cool let me
show them okay there is here's my eyes
grass all growing every day I wanted and
it went growing yeah you water every day
and I was turning pro lake look it said
it said that a plan to go for a cup for
like one more date and dad was gonna
grow oh really yeah if you guys remember
like it was probably like a week ago or
so that we I had to stay at home and
then me and Malachi planted this grass
so because he wanted to try growing
something so now it's growing he's all
excited no no God hey guys what's up so
most of the kids are in bed Levi is
going to sleep on the couch and don't
leave out to sleep and I put him as bad
but here's what I'm doing transferring
Matt data from this one to this one then
I have to make this one reformatted
transfer the data back over to that one
30 minutes has been so far all because
my removable hard drives are corrupted
and I gotta start over what go ya go I'm
not watching a show no I'm making a show
anyway so yeah that's what I'm doing
tonight editing blogs like didn't get
yesterday's vlog edited so I got edit
and post that one then I have to edit
tomorrow's log and get that one ready to
post it for tomorrow so yeah maybe you
have a really busy long editing night I
have to edit a video from my channel get
it posted and have to do voiceover
everything so it's gonna be a long long
night so I'm going to go ahead and end
the vlog here so I can get to work now
see you guys tomorrow have a good night
be night night to them night night
