so sorry this video is out super late
this has ever happen to you when you're
driving a parking lot and someone just
walks directly in the middle of the
parking lot the entire time and you're
like just get out of my way there's
sidewalks around the entire friggin
building this guy's been walking in
front of me for probably good two and a
half minutes I'm like come on just go on
the sidewalk okay you guys know how I've
been struggling with this cold for like
the past two weeks now well I just have
this really irritating dry cough but i
just got a canker sore and its range of
my tongue it's like so painful it's
making me talk funny and i just like
keep playing with it i can't help it cuz
it's like right there and my teeth touch
it and you know how like when you get
like food stuck in your teeth and use
your tongue you just kind of love that
well it hurts so bad and having such a
hard time with this one and so it's
funny because with this cold I've been
avoiding like milk products and you
can't that that's because it's like
causes the phlegm right which is what I
have tons of and now the caker you're
supposed to have milk and yogurt to help
heal your canker so now I'm like oh
great now I gotta like have yogurt in
have milk so I am eating a little yogurt
right now I just need a little mini go
that's the kids but that's all we had um
and it's actually helping quite a bit
it's actually notice I sore and my guard
look like some salt water and stuff too
but I just find that kind of ironic the
last thing I had my paper chef meeting
and check out what I was I won the
garden tote and I'm so excited because
we have all the gardening tools from a
pampered chef line and it's so cute I
absolutely love it I adorable guys it's
just like cause your face um but you can
also use it legal a cute little
organizer totay like put like books and
stuff in there and markers and I know it
looks so cute i love it hey i love when
i win stuff free stuffs the best hey
guys i just went to the grocery store
and got all kinds of ingredients to make
this cough drop medicine for Vicki and
it's all from like homemade stuff so she
want to take any of the medicine that
you're not supposed to take when you're
pregnant so yeah I got stuff and then go
home mix it up see if it works I'll
leave the recipe on my channel if you
guys want to check out so where you are
all the way
and playing equis over here playing at
the kitchen Brielle's playing Barbies
and kitchen whatever my dream is Maggie
your plane is Matthew yeah he's over
there playing at the book yeah and we're
on the week great roll the week yeah
except for you why not try to sleep it
through at all yeah yeah this is guys
I'm tired today I need my nap I know
you're sleeping through all this noise
they're banging things around putting
music on hey he's just lying there
because you didn't nap yesterday and he
didn't have on Monday so today I guess
he's catching up on his nap guide my
tongue is really bothering me so again
the worst allergies again so i came to
shoppers to get some more arias it's the
best stuff for me I'm just moved to load
the dishwasher with some dishes on Camp
the kitchen after all the kids are in
bed except for Levi and look believe I
does runs over here and climbs up as
fast as you can and sits right inside it
your little goofball hey yeah are you a
goofball yeah yeah look at him saying
cross-legged in there there's no dishes
guys I didn't do it you are a goof yeah
hey guys so a couple of logs ago I
mentioned a surprise party the Vicki
through for me that I ended up not
really wanting so Julie wanted to know
the rest of the story so I'm going to
tell you the story so Vicki and asked me
if I wanted to go to the movies and I
was like heck y'all want to go to the
movies cuz her and I don't usually get
to go to on a date to the movies very
often and it's one of my favorite things
to do so we go for dinner first and then
after dinner she goes I just want to go
home and check on the kids before we go
to the movie and I'm thinking the whole
time for Jeremy what movie do you want
to go see I've heard about this one this
one's once i get doesn't supposed to be
good we go back home and I go into the
backyard and start working on my garden
I said just come and get me when you're
ready and we'll go straight to the
movies so I remember like 20 minutes is
doing garden still
Vicky's like Nick can you come in here
for a second I'm like what do you want
she's like just come in here I'm like
just let me Oh you're like I didn't want
to come in right and then finally she
gets me to come inside I come inside
everybody's there look surprised and in
the back of my head I'm thinking oh man
this is me we don't get to go to the
movies anymore do you remember this yes
I totally remember it I never thought
you surprise for it again what stuff
disappointed I wanted to go to the
movies so bad so if you're gonna throw a
surprise party for someone do not use
one of their favorite things to do as a
decoy I think you've learned your lesson
AVP okay and it wasn't like it's
birthday or anything guys have a list of
my canker it was complete surprise it
was because I was so proud of him cuz he
graduated from college so it was like a
big surprise party graduation party
thing and it was really nice and like
all my friends were stuff I just I just
was really looking forward to going
loose I even have people be like oh are
you okay here like I like Allah slope my
face obviously look like I was like I
which shows at the movie but so that was
kind of a bummer so that's my surprise
party story okay guys so here's the
cough drops that I made for Vicki and
whether or not she's gonna try them or
like them who knows cuz after i get home
i told her veggies like yeah i'm not
going to eat those likely never tried
which is like I'm not gonna like them
there's not my thing so okay whatever so
I made them anyways because I already
got all the ingredients but if you want
the recipe you have to go over to my
channel and check it out because it's
going to post a video for probably on
Friday so if you want the recipe for how
to make these home remedy cough drops
then you can go to my channel Canadian
family dad and check it out because
that's where i'm going to post them guys
I'm trying to edit the vlog that our
external hard drive is not working
properly I have to buy another one to
transfer information from that one to
this one so I can reformat this one so
that I can start to use this one again
so stinkin frustrating why can't things
just work perfectly all the time so
sorry this video is out super late but I
hope you guys can get forgive us
