blah blah Apple Apple busy day or day
care today guys and I just have a mess
everywhere I love but it's all good my
living room it's ok lease it's all
contained until someone started playing
in the Tupperware drawer you know I got
up where I've ever made floor to just
tossing it everywhere this is Beckett
this is for y'all's little big brother
ya know and you learn how to walk to you
hmm
here's reality remember Brielle my oh my
oh let me see your orange smile oh let's
put the orange mouth and smile fit but
aren't eating Clementine guys look he
saw Brielle and I enjoy in ours and then
he took a peace of mind and then he was
like me more
and then he liked it I'm so proud of him
but he actually tried something new for
one she show everyone how you eat it you
have bite um I eat it you need it good
boy that good yep I have been trying to
get him to try clementines for like
three weeks now and now today just
decided you actually going to put it in
his mouth and try it so I'm really happy
maybe this is the start of some good
eating habits or huh hey guys what's up
so I almost didn't make it out today but
I'm so glad I did because it's the most
beautiful day yet everything is just
like completely covered in snow from the
weekend because it's no so much but it
looks so pretty it's like a winter
wonderland out here like snow
you can't tell me this isn't like a
super winter wonderland type of scenario
right now and you don't waste your out
here yeah I almost didn't make it on the
trail today because Vicki made this soup
yesterday it took me so long to eat it
on my lunch break because it's soup and
so by the time I was finished like I
really had enough time to get here so
I'm trying to quickly do one loop around
then get back to the car before my lunch
break is over I'm so glad I got out like
it's so pretty
everywhere you look now he's bringing me
all these book to read and Brielle and
Beckett went home and now he's like hey
mummy died I was trying to empty the
dishwasher and then put the dirty dishes
in the dishwasher and like he was
helping me and as soon as I finished
unloading the dishwasher he was like up
up book books but books I love it baby
with me oh what's that over there
laughs laughs Apple Apple card cards
ever again what's that
now meow what's this Oh duck go Oh bye
we're all done I guess bro then okay so
happening are gonna see if we can make
homemade brownies tonight but we need to
see if we have cocoa powder I thought we
did but what gave it we still have to
find it
they keep saying we do but I don't see
anywhere anywhere I look for the
ingredients and then see if we have
everything we need to make this homemade
chocolate brownie dough Abney and I were
gonna make brownies in the last second
she ditched me she's like I don't want
to be brownies of you anymore oh you
wanna make
just boys boys only okay right that
means no girls get brownies you're gonna
show a magic trick okay just gonna make
this tuna disappear guys it was in his
ear good trick and he was your trick
no you can't do a trick with batteries
no don't do that please
thank you guys look at how awesome my
brownie is a chocolate brownie made one
little lick no more licks I'm gonna try
it okay you like it it tastes good what
no more I haven't even tried yet so I'm
glad tastes good okay guys here's how my
awesome brownies turned out to have like
a hard crunchy top but like a gooey soft
chewy bottom check it out oh yeah the
tops came off but that's cool
anyways I tried when they tasted really
good but I definitely wanna be you wanna
be able to more than one at a time for
sure cuz they're super rich hey guys
what's up so I just finished my workout
and man it was a tough one today my
bones are burnin which is good but yeah
it was a tough workout today it was late
nineteen forty now I was I was feeling
tired I was like I should just give up
but I'm doing so good like you're the
thing about momentum is as soon as you
stop the momentum it's like almost
impossible to get it back but if you
keep it going
it's so much easier to keep the momentum
going than it is to just say oh I'm
gonna take a break today and then come
back to it cuz then as soon as you take
that break it's like I don't want to do
it I don't you tired and too lazy
already did so bad so far so guys keep
it up keep up your momentum don't quit
you can do it I believe in you if I can
do it this long you guys can do it this
long so keep it up if you're still
trying to keep up with your new year's
Lucian's don't quit now guys keep the
momentum going but yeah sort with a
little pep talk I don't know where it
came from but anyways I think that's
gonna be about it for tonight I'm just
gonna make some protein snack and then
I'm probably gonna hit the vlog and go
to bed because I am exhausted today but
yeah thanks for watching and don't
forget to subscribe if you haven't
already subscribe and we'll see you guys
tomorrow
have a good night
