you're not feeling good leave my no see
guys he's not feeling good
tough guy so I'm on the way to meet my
brother and all the other groomsmen she
gets fitted for all the suits you can
get a GPS in the back it's trying to
tell me to go to your rock face
hopefully i push it right oh yeah so I'm
on the way you got to go all the way
down how to get to this place because I
guess that's the closest place for
everybody but yeah all my brothers are
gonna be there so I was gonna be a heck
of a lot of fun though I'm just driving
on this lucky highway and then I found
the pit stops oh yeah of course we're
gonna suffer get some burgers that's the
way i roll here's what I'm talking about
junior bacon burger mmm i got a double
hit over that so guys it's like saturday
afternoon nick's already out on the road
I was still deciding if i should go so
I've got a dry lake for an hour and the
roads apparently a really bad I really
slippery and I'm gonna be there to
supper so it would be driving home the
three kids i'm myself in the car in the
dark with snow and I just was like I
really don't want to do that so I said
no you weren't going and the kids were a
little bit upset but they're they're
good kids and there they realized that
it's okay that will see their cousins
another time okay so we made it to the
clothing suit Tryon get your size fit
store and yeah here's Jay yeah Jay if
you guys have it checked out jay's way
I'm saying yeah I'm gonna leave the link
below okay because he does all kinds of
cool stuff in like you can sponsor them
for things they go on mission trips with
their family and stuff you can learn
about it it's really good
picture get our new sister doesn't even
know it is a checklist there you go is
this not the most awkward spot for
urinal as soon as you come in the door
that guys like being raised there any I
don't like a look at him in the face
super-hard hey guys so I'm at this place
to get my suit tried out and this is the
change room and there's a window like
right there and stuff there's the
entrance so yeah I'm not too sure how I
feel about this place yet but MacDonald
yum yum Justin what's way did you get
Malik I can show them on your choice
ninja turtle I don't know there's a
purple guy is Leonardo Michelangelo you
know his name getting up jay-z oh I was
wrong it's Donatello III said Donatello
yeah yeah Anthony where did you get
yours where'd you put it she got like
this little sweetheart it's not a candy
know it was a stuffed heart where is it
happening hey yeah you're not gonna tell
me Cave quicker on the ground in the
living room Oh Harris it's like this
little heart thing not funny like it's
such a weird little thing to give in the
Happy Meal Avenue decided that she
wanted to count her money from her piggy
bank and your see how much rain Tuesday
so much wet brain yes I have reindeers
those aren't reindeers baby never moose
it called our baby moose he's a new
shmoo loose or is it a caribou I don't
remember to be caribou for Canada gotta
do some more things around the house
dominica why don't why I want more and
Busan right because it overdose movies
that we get the strawberry said things
yes egg Gilly for these days you know
that you need before it goes well four
quarters or mooses or called quarters is
a dollar oh so that is same as this
point
no so I can just tell me why okay so the
first place didn't pan out and now we're
at a second place and we're trying to
get some more alterations done so we're
just kids test it out to see how much
this guy cost you guys eating a yogurt
tube and you got your yogurt tube you
got yogurt too yeah we'll stay in the
kitchen with it so we decided we're
gonna go with this place and it's all
right an upgrade because they have
change rooms with doors so it's a bonus
so we're gonna go with this place and
that Steve a little bit of money I think
so after counting the money in her piggy
bank ebony has like just under ten
dollars so she wants to earn some more
money around the house so she's helping
me right now she just emptied the
dishwasher and now she's pretty okay in
the dishes you still to do the bottom
rack yeah i should put away the top rack
stuff it's doing a good job so we're
picking up the vest and stuff that we're
gonna rent and look at the look at the
color teal of us thought you don't have
a salt all the guys are wearing this
well and then i have to wear this one
he's not gonna have different pattern
time no the tie is gonna be different
but the veces gave me the same cuz this
is the bridesmaids oh wait you don't
want them to see idea yeah thnkx tough I
won't show you that part that got
blurred out so if you wanted eyes
blurred out his top secret so we ended
up going no VES josh is gonna wear a
black shirt instead of a white shirt and
just wear tie so where he's gonna buy
just really nice shirt looks pretty good
it does look really good actually guys
don't look I keep giving him all these
sneaky I know sneak peeks don't worry
none of your friends or family watch my
blog so let's go guys I don't think
Levi's feeling very well he's been like
lazing around and he was like lying on
like the lid of the ottoman and just
like falling asleep he's been really
clingy and cuddly with me we didn't like
him yeah wicked am he I don't think he's
feeling very good he does feel a little
bit warm I think you might have a fever
I'm gonna go and check Nikki does from
way he's acting you're not feeling good
leave I know see you guys he's not
feeling good okay so we ended up having
to come to fabric Lang cuz we need to
make those little pocket things kangra
chips so we're trying to find the right
fabric so far so good we found
I hours trying to find the next one so
guys I just took Levi's temperature and
check it out he does have a fever 98
38.3 she does have a fever guys I think
I didn't go out tonight maybe spreading
germs okay guys about to drive home in
the blizzard check out those gross roads
they don't look that bad but the slushy
stuff is on the ground right there is so
slippery so can I hit the highway and
hopefully I'll get home nice and quickly
and safely so see you guys later hey
guys check it out this is what the road
looks like one before the plows come and
what they do is they said I don't know
if you can see this or not but they set
up three or four plows in a row gonna
come and they all kind of just take down
the entire road and then all the cars
are stuck behind them but it clears the
entire highway it's pretty cool actually
i don't know if you guys can see they're
not but i'll put it this video work
you'll see it but it's pretty neat how
to do that and then the entire high wake
is cleared all in one shot ok so here's
a perfect example of the double plow
thing I was talking about see the one
plow goes up ahead and then the other
plow falls behind him and he just stays
over to the right a little bit so then
he's plowing a whole bunch and he's
pushing it over in front of the other
guy who's catching it and pushing it
over to their side now on the highway
they do three of these plows going at
once so it is it kind of a cool thing to
see when they're all going down the
highway because they go pretty fast and
all three of them so it's kind of neat
so this is the way they plow the roads
in Canada
