and he got me doing yeah this is
happening busted so guys I survived my
first day back into full-time day care
so I had four little ones that i was
watching yeah oldest was Brielle and she
was really really sweet and good that I
had the two babies that one's not even
one and one is just one and then I had
laid by and mal coming to school today
he wasn't here to help but I'm sure if
he was here he'd be my helper too when
we help why not you to meet me when are
you gonna be a baby right where a baby
now you're a big boy oh well why not do
a BBB game you're not gonna be a baby
again okay give me a big bully Jesus
made you a big boy yeah you're a big boy
now but but I then I but mommy's gonna
have another baby what is it gonna be I
don't know but I don't wanna bug we
don't know the meat of it nope we don't
even know if it's a boy or a girl mmhmm
yeah just see I'm like it this kind of
here are the boy we have to see if it's
a girl or a boy we readied this guy here
here you're an anabolic I do I one
mother Malachi oh I love this Malachi
why would I want another one I have the
best one right here today's guys now I
have a pounding headache and I actually
had a headache starting in like the
afternoon I just prayed to get through
the day because it's like right here and
it's like that pulsating one and you
even took a tylenol even though I didn't
want to um and it worked for a bit and
then also don't came back again hey guys
i just took my car to you the service
ontario place to get my stickers on my
license plate renewed and some guy in
government thought I'd be a really cool
idea to make it so everyone with a car
five years and over have to go and get
anime
test before they can get their sticker
renewed so I have to go and book an
emission test for my stupid car to get
to get my license plate sticker which I
have to have before my birthday which is
on the 21st of this month whereas I get
a fine for if I get pulled over ah man
it's so frustrating having a car
sometimes i'm attempting this elaborate
supper that i don't normally try to cook
but i'm going to grill some pork chops I
got some red potatoes boiling I'm going
to use a steamer and steam some of these
veggies here or this beet and carrot
thing that looks so yummy to me right
now and I'm going to cook that some egg
noodles I've got all the seasoning over
here I don't even know what I'm going to
use yet I don't know anyways and i have
my pork sitting in a sugar and salt
solution apparently that's the best
thing for it before you grow oh I've
never cooked pork before I know you're
probably what but I haven't I just
haven't done it so unless this ones that
you just can't throw in the oven like
this is like actual like raw pork that
I'm grilling so i'll show you the
separate when it's all done but it's a
lot of preparation I'm like staying here
by the stove I'm like watching all these
pot boiling it's crazy so I'm just in
the photography store getting summit
backdrops and stuff for my new
photography stuff knowing me dang they
got cool stuff in here go these lights
and stuff they have I ordered a couple
of these things online in a day I hope
they turn out to be really nice I think
I make the end today actually i'll show
you when i get home hey guys i just
bought a whole bunch of backdrops and
stuff like that for photography man is
expensive of so nervous like buying this
stuff on my credit card because i
haven't gotten my check from the grant
yet but they said i have to spend it all
in this month so i will be getting the
check at the closer to the end of the
month but yeah it's a little
nerve-wracking spending all this money
without having it first so I'm just
keeping all my receipts I'm not gonna
open anything until I get um the check
worst case scenario I could take it all
back if I afternoon so my pork doesn't
look very appetizing I mean it's got the
grill marks and everything but I don't
know I tried a piece and it's kind of
chewy maybe I cooked it too long I don't
know and the seasoning is not the
greatest I just got it off like Jamie
Oliver's website seasoning it's not very
good and then this looks good though not
look good egg noodles some steamed
veggies which by the way tastes amazing
the steamed vegetables that like steamer
i use amazing love it so that was a good
buy and probably just some kind of
Snapple and stuff and then we'll see at
Nick thanks but at least it looks
somewhat healthy so be made these
delicious pork chops garlic potatoes and
she used the new vegetable steamer which
danielle won a t-shirt from guessing
what it was to cook up these mmm tasty
and that's worth even to a bed apartment
the pork turned out good vicki was like
oh doesn't taste good but when i tried i
might just change exactly to me like
what poor taste like and i find the
seasoning on it to you too there you go
I don't potatoes are fantastic Frank
Yallop he has turned out really good so
it was a successful supper yay so
Vicki's in here she's like did you take
Levi in here to go poo and I was like no
she's like cuz there's a poo inside the
body and there's like this big stinky
poo in the potty and we don't know where
it came from because I didn't take him
in here Vicki and take him in here he
can't take his diaper off and put it
back on by himself so we don't have a
clue ridges poking from a Dickey and you
don't think it was one of your daycare
kids so it's a mystery booth did you go
up one the body thing I can think of
maybe stephen yesterday's it I just
think the older sister
and he got me down yeah this is
happening busted so we don't know where
this poo came from I think Vicki did she
was just sitting on the potty and
coincidentally they were suddenly upon
it you were sitting on it weren't you
Diggy really with your tablet just
losing track of time taking a poo the
truth comes out busted guys psyche Levi
haircut tonight you like it yeah you
like it yeah yeah yeah yeah that's about
it for train and we'll see you guys
tomorrow
you
