so it's Groundhog Day today so we were
checking to see what the groundhogs and
Ontario said guys are so much thinking
snowing here look how much snow is on
the car and the roads there's like a
foot of snow and not gonna drive through
it our car doesn't have snow tire so I'm
taking these mom's skirt even though it
looks like the way smaller and incapable
of doing the job it's better than ours
so today is a PA date if it wasn't a PID
though the kids went being at school
today because it was a snow day and so I
didn't get my other two daycare kids
today so I'm actually only have five
kids I've got my three and then two then
I'm watching for the PA and the two that
i'm watching our Lilia Stephen who
you've seen in our previous vlog and
they are like Albany and mal Christ best
friends or like the same age and they
just love each other so much so they're
having fun just playing today um at
least half the day and then they have to
go home but it's really really nice that
they have that time together and Nick
vanHoose hanging around this morning
he's waiting for the snow plower come to
plow our road because it will not found
and like there's so much snow ball I
don't know if you guys can see it but
like that's on the road that's the road
right there and it looks like the ground
covered in snow and it's still snowing
like I can't let people are even getting
through this last night I had every
intention of cleaning up the kitchen I
had like some dishes out instead of and
I him you know fill the dishwasher and
turn the dishwasher on and everything I
was going to do that I just stopped was
in my bedroom and I was just reading for
a little bit and I fell asleep and it
was like mad o'clock at night and I fell
asleep and I actually fell asleep on the
opposite end of my bed like not where
the pillow is at the top of the bed like
at the foot of the bed like sprawled on
top of the blanket so I just fell asleep
and I didn't wake up again like I just
slept all night long so my whole messy
kitchen was waiting for me in the
morning the funny thing about it is that
when I woke up in the middle of the
night it was like three in the morning
and I don't know why it felt so real
guys but I i had like I walked just the
kitchen and it was spotless the dishes
were all done I opened the dishwasher
and it was already all cleaned and like
the counters were clear and the kitchen
was just sparkling and the floor was
clean I was like my husband
the best and I wanted like go kiss and
hug him and we came up in the night to
say thank you for letting me sleep and
cleaning the kitchen but this is what I
woke up to so I don't know that was like
a really real dream because I was like
shocked when I woke up this morning I
guess at six-thirty and I was like what
my kitchen isn't clean like I was a
complete shock guy hey guys what's up so
on my lunch break I went to this hobby
shop to see they look at this lil
helicopter our gun and they got it
working so the problem was I had all
these propellers in the wrong spots
turns are you can't just put him on any
way you want so it seems to be working
good now so I can't wait to get home and
play around this more with Levi and
stuff cuz he was loving this thing I
don't know if you guys saw the vlog when
I first got this i was flying it he was
laughing so hard and every day I would
come home be like more and more he want
me to do it more but it wouldn't work so
i can't wait to get him is showing that
it's working and flight around with him
he's gonna go to nuts so it's Groundhog
Day today so we were checking to see
what the groundhogs in Ontario said
about whether or not they saw their
shadow so it says here Wiarton Willie
says early spring but shyvana caddy sam
says six more weeks of winter so both
Ontario groundhogs were split that's not
good six more weeks of winter no it's
gonna be a long winter hey guys just
went to no frills and got some chicken
and stuff if you guys have a no frills
in your area you gotta know that they
got the best chicken it doesn't matter
where else we go to get chicken it never
tastes as good as the one from no frills
I don't know if each grocery store has
their own like supplier of meats or not
or how it works but their chicken is
really good I don't want to get it from
anywhere else when I have the option I'm
getting it from no frills and they have
ridiculous sales on the chicken only
happens every once in a while but when
it does we get like a bunch of it and
then we
freezers off like that because it's
really good the kids finally agreed on
watching Fresh Beat Band and then the
one episode Alec I could think of was
one more twist and shout and then go
camping and I was like oh my sure and
that's the only dismiss seemed so now I
offered to go to the card see if it's in
there thankfully have the Vance I'm
gonna check that one missing disc will
figure eight yeah such luck I refined
the planes movie people put that on
instead hey guys good news so I can
decide and they were disappointed so we
decided to take all the movies down and
like sort through them and organize them
and open them up and see if it got put
inside and it was stuck in another movie
case like in between the two movie cases
like by itself play so we found it
classical and camping yeah when you want
to watch right twist going camping yay
okay guys so i got my helicopter going
you guys gotta see levi he loves this
thing so much why c1q 3000 let go so
that's don't touch don't touch ready
okay let go okay okay so this is by what
we'll be doing all night so Nick comes
home he opens the fridge that I cleaned
today he was like whoa what happened to
all of our food freezers cool but it's
so funny animals like your kids on what
happened all the kids ii the moon it's
like all nice and organized no he comes
home and he goes Wow the house is really
clean you weren't expecting the design
these kids are over and our kids
combined it equals disaster oh they'll
see don't worry they'll see the mess
that we had to clean I want some ranch
dressing for my rap but we don't have
any cuz it expired in December but I
still would have eaten it
you would have cleared go to the garbage
yeah I dare you I dare you go to the
garbage opening on a gear good guy red
gatorade it wasn't cold outside i would
if it was more believe you hey guys so
the kids are in bed sleep so i'm gonna
go downstairs do my awesome worker
routine for Bonilla Beasley there's a
link below if you ever want to check it
out so I'm about to the quarters of the
way to my workout guess who wakes up
this little punk yeah so I'd bring him
down there in the lime on the floor bell
you have to wait Tom done finish up and
now I'm starving and my mom is also her
from working out which is good but man I
needed him to be asleep so much laga do
I don't know if I'm gonna be able to do
with him all week all over me but I
definitely need to get some food in my
system
