hey guys just picking a couple of movies
at redbox we're gonna get meez runner
and how to train your dragon 2 should be
pretty good have you guys seen that Maze
Runner movie yet because I watched her
preview for it and I don't remember
seeing any previous for it and Vicki's
like what about this one I'm like I
never heard of it we watched her preview
and it looks so good the preview anyways
so I'm kind of excited to see you
tonight and I haven't seen how to train
your dragon 2 yet either tomorrow if we
reach 2,000 subscribers we're giving
away a free t-shirt a permit and t-shirt
from my brothers album release that he
had he was still in t-shirts so we're
going to give away one of those and
always do is get 2,000 subscribers and
one of our subscribers is going to get
the t-shirt so we just need to reach
that goal so if you have friends that
watch youtube videos tell them about our
channel and then maybe they or you will
be the lucky one and wins a t-shirt Levi
just look good man with a little kitty
care love to scat are you gonna deal
yeah I cattail hi Katie did you sleep
with your kitty cat ah yeah on the couch
again I thought you totally don't like
your crib anymore so guys I have been
busy deleting stuff off our computer
organizing videos deleting the stuff
that we don't need keeping things I'd
like to have his family videos and it is
a big any job be even way through
pictures well late is taking a long time
late anything me so sleepy but i can't
sleep cuz i miss nap time so i was doing
all the videos turned out I so you want
to show you just watch The Bling movie
Levi likes to fall asleep to the planes
movie I put it on he falls asleep on the
couch is so cute and then he literally
wakes up when it's over he sleeps the
amount of time that it's on hey guys it
is brutal cold out today the wind is
like ice bitter ice cold but I hear some
birds and I don't think you're gonna be
able to see it but there's like a little
fij bird over there but you probably
can't see you but you it's eating like
little berries and stuff like that it
looks so pretty that's probably one of
my favorite parts of the being out in
the woods is watching all the wildlife
like birds and chipmunks and squirrels
robit all that kind of stuff it's so
interesting to just see them flying
around their natural habitats outside of
like a pet store or something like that
where you would normally see them and I
love hearing the birds like whistling
and singing and stuff especially in the
spring in the summer it's not to know
it's like thousands of birds so cool so
if you're a bird lover i'm thinking i
might do some sort of like bird spotting
thing we're like I'll bring my camera
and try and spot different birds and see
if you guys get in the comments can
identify them I don't know that's really
lame or what you guys think do you need
that be fun or like really stupid you
know in the comments so today I am
checking to make sure that all my videos
actually recorded yesterday I made so
many videos for you guys and I had to
switch my memory card like partway
through the day because it was full
that's why I'm going through all the
computer stuff today and I so
disappointed to find out that none of
them work so all the ones on the memory
card from later part of the day didn't
work you guys did good to see it and I
was really bummed but yeah Oh push the
button ready
Oh
oh yeah the pizza's here Chris acute oh
there's a piece missing cuz I'm already
sorry needed a lucky tie what am I have
your supper we're really sticks give a
ham in the oven hey cuz i had a bite of
it I had a bite of it away yes a check
out Albanese rainbow loom what is it
called not really a bracelet or a
necklace rainbow loom chain chain way up
here all the way down I can see them
long age oh oh you got me here right oh
stop me ray the leg getting ready for
family movie night got a cookie dough
yeah and ahem oh yeah check out this ham
Vicky me guys she said it tastes
delicious i haven't tried it yet so i'm
making some potato it's gonna have some
hand then I'm gonna make some corn is
gonna be my dinner everybody's in here
getting their movie all set up ready to
go we're watching how to train your
dragon heart too and after that we're
gonna put the kids to bed and Vicki and
I are gonna watch Maze Runner hey guys
so we're having a little intermission
the kids going to bed I'm gonna tidy up
my little dinner mess here which was
delicious and then I got to go work out
I was like but I gotta work out and then
we're after were done that we're gonna
start doing our next movie and Vicki's
got stone which was due to she gotta get
over stuff ready cuz she's leaving first
thing in the morning tomorrow to do a
pampered chef party what are you doing
