there you go hey guys so I'm feeling a
little bit better today I actually force
myself to wash the kitchen floor you can
see how you did that chairs are still up
um because it was so disgusting and
leave I decided to throw tantrum and
threw his cereal bowl full of cheerios
and milk and just whipped it across the
floor so there was milk all under the
table all up and down the walls was
everywhere so I had to clean the floor
didn't I cheeky boy and got myself
dressed I mean I'm dressed today my pjs
so yeah I feel a little bit better if I
definitely still very stuffed up but not
feverish anymore so that's good put the
garbage oh did it fall on you check all
of them up in the garbage oh you're
gonna go the other garbage thank you Oh
close it okay pick up your raisins all
over the floor yeah them in the garbage
good job they're never too young for you
to train them do the right thing see you
notice about pick up after his own mess
that's right another one over there I
five good job yeah there you go hold on
time
yeah oh you jump off good dismount okay
so mal can I got out of the house and
we're doing some grocery shopping cuz i
want to make broccoli salad you guys
ever tried that before and try and make
it see how it goes but i think i passed
the butcher which is what we need having
fun yeah I know why turn right there no
too sharp he's been crashing in the
corners when pushing the cart hey guys
so I finished my workout its weak to the
work out my arms are burning from it so
that's good sign I got all my veggies
and stuff like that I'm gonna make a
really healthy kind of solid for work
tomorrow got nuts cranberries raisins
carrots cauliflower broccoli it's gonna
be awesome I'm gonna have a video on how
to make what I'm making on my channel
probably in a couple weeks because i
have so many videos I've already made
I'm getting ahead of myself here but
yeah that's about it for tonight thanks
guys for watching don't forget to
subscribe if you haven't already and
leave some comments below so we can get
to know you a little bit better and I
guess that's it see you guys tomorrow Oh
do you guys hear a vacation yet I
survived the day I don't know you can
even see her it's too dark yes why the
day
a now we're gonna watch a little bit of
friends see ya
