can I say something goodnight guys yeah
my banana might be a popsicle weekly
it's on my water right good night love
you so I woke up feeling like crap this
morning I have a cold it sucks because I
didn't even take anything because I am
pregnant so I'm so stuff my head feels
like there's like someone sitting on it
and my ears feel like they're gonna
burst and it hurts this well all right
here is like so tender and sore so I'm a
whiny baby today just thankfully do not
have to take care kids today and my mom
is home and she graciously clean my
kitchen from breakfast time and she took
Levi downstairs for a couple of hours
and let me just relax and sleep upstairs
by myself so I slept from like 9:30 to
11:30 and then she brought Levi up and
we had a quick lunch together and then
Levi climbed up on the couch and fell
asleep on his own over there he was so
tired
you barely made it through lunch she was
so sleepy so he's sleeping over there
and I'm forcing myself to stay awake
again and sort some laundry
unfortunately no to do that because
Malachi has no more jeans he's wearing
his last pair of his green pants today
to school and he'll be so sad if he
doesn't have clean jeans for tomorrow
because he only has his sweatpants clean
and he hates his sweat pants so my mom
bought a banana popsicles
okay popsicles are the best your throat
hurts when you're feeling crappy there
anything like a Apostolou struggle
popsicles through thought skills
I prefer banana they're the best friend
you're sick hey guys so Vicki's mom made
us awesome dinner because Vicki is so
sick and you know what she did such a
good job of avoiding getting sick
because you guys remember like a couple
weeks ago I was saying I think Abney got
sick did you get a second couple weeks
ago or is it just me anyways a couple of
us got sick and then Vicki avoided in
she was all excited you remember you're
like I'm not gonna get sick she's not
gonna get sick but then what happens
he got sick I don't even know he got it
didn't make off from your pad but look
she means awesome you know chicken
meatball
rice veggies corn this delicious baby
Brigitte baby baby got me sick gonna be
really good yeah he loves lyin scenarios
is that funny so guys that's why I say
sorry that we didn't have any videos out
on Sunday because we were out I was
literally out all day cuz if you watch
the vlog yesterday you'll know I was
hiking with the kids and we came home
had lunch and then I went skating with
the kids came home had supper than Vicki
and I went out to Toronto to go to a
concert thing we didn't get back till
midnight so there's no way I could edit
the vlog then we woke up the next day
we're on worship team first thing in the
morning came back it was Maddie's
birthday party then we had to go back to
where's her team then we came back and
then I ended the vlogs and have them
ready for you too on Monday so yeah it
was really crazy weekend guys you can
watch Netflix again yeah boys are in the
other room watching transformers and
hominy and I are just hey guys so Vicky
is now going off to bed nice and early
so it's just me and Levi he's got to get
going to bed because I have to do my
workout today what cause no he's over
there oh that's not nice don't touch so
yeah I have to do my work here tonight
so I need to get him to go to sleep
because I don't wanna do my workout like
10 o'clock so I'm trying him to go to
bed really really so I can get it going
am i working out coz I don't want to
fall behind I'm already on a good stride
I don't want to fall behind so that's my
goal for tonight do I say something good
night guys
yeah my banana might be a popsicle
weekly accent my water hey you know I
love you thank you guys I just did my
work you know and it feels good and I
think day one for this program is
definitely ours every time I feel like
the vlog camera is so hard to hold up
cuz my arms are so worked out there
hold up but Bo need to be sleaze to
program I have a like below if you guys
want to check it out but I'm really
enjoying it so far but yeah finish my
workout and I don't do you guys ever see
my Cajon drum check it out let's just
here I just thought oh one of these guys
were seeing it it's like a Cajon drum
but if you don't know what it is is like
a box you get your bass down here you
travel up here so there's like a little
hole in the back where the bass comes
out and there's a snare built into it I
built it myself no big deal but yeah so
that's about it for today's vlog and I
forgot my camera my lunch break so sorry
you only got footage of me while I was
home but anyways I'll see you guys
tomorrow
