hey guys what's up so I just did three
point five kilometre hike on my lunch
break again so free else here today and
we decided to build a puzzle she said hi
we're gonna build a puzzle right Brielle
just a really tricky one the 3d princess
mmm gonna be fun yeah oh why can't I do
we don't like it I I'm like hi Dora you
wanna do Dora instead yeah hey like so
much for that one okay we're switching
bozos now hey guys what's up so I just
did three point five kilometre hike on
my lunch break again heck yeah so I'm
this close male do 4.5 kilometers I just
need five more minutes of time because I
have to get back to go to work so I'm so
close what's your guys best time I know
a couple of you said that you were gonna
go do your lunch break hikes how far did
you get just wondering if I always sleep
so good in my bed to sleep in almost two
hours now hey Levi Levi pain to get up
yeah don't want to know you don't want
to get up oh yeah you could help you've
been sleeping too long we won't sleep
for me today no no dhwani up just leave
me alone mom I want to sleep we have to
walk to get a penny from the bus stop
today is my mom needed her car for a
doctor's appointment so yeah we're
walking so yeah Brielle and Malachi and
the advisor missed roller so not too bad
walks actually not that cold out it's
not that cold bitter win that we've been
having last couple days so it's not bad
I'm okay with it just a matter of
getting there on time because this one
keeps stopping to play on the snow banks
all the time
and everything's like pure ice right now
so it's like skating rink cool yeah it's
almost bedtime the sun's almost down oh
my goodness we better hurry then okay
are you guys racing Mike I just stopped
for y'all oh that's a good reason to
stop look at that cool sunset guys it's
probably not as cool on the camera guys
check out on making tempura got some
temper of mushrooms do it up some onion
ring type tempura things here if you
guys want to know how I'm making all
this you're gonna have to go over to my
channel to check it out because I'm
going to have a video on how to make it
all and it tastes so good look at that
tell me that doesn't look good yeah
looks good yeah hey guys what's up
tomorrow is january twenty fourth
saturday and Vicki and I are going to be
at my brother's life album release free
party so you get a free album the
party's free there's two free bands
playing a live concert in Toronto if you
want to be there make sure that you come
the details are down below so if you
want to come just check out the details
below and show up at seven o'clock
you
