okay guys all done here's what it looks
like hey guys what's up so I am going to
try and transform this room into a
workout room so I need to somehow find
space to remove this table everything
under it and put it like in this area or
something reorganize this little spot a
little better so that I can fit my
workout bitch I just got in here it's
going to be really tricky ID but yeah
it's not the nicest room to work at it
but I'm going for that Rocky Balboa look
you know coming from the slumps working
away up to the top it's going to be
pretty epic yeah so that's what I'm
doing today so we'll see how it goes
hopefully I can get it done because I
want to start my workout routine monday
so i took about the entire table that
was here and i reorganized this shelf to
fit most of that stuff and now i'm going
to start assembling my workout bench
into this space so hopefully it fits
nice but I measured it seem like it well
but Watsa once you put together
sometimes things aren't as big as they
seem on the box right good morning of it
so Nick is downstairs working on getting
his room ready for his life workout
stuff that he buys workout equipment and
I'm upstairs obviously getting laundry
sorted and ready to get in the Machine
and stuff and avenues helping me
organize and clean up a bit too so she
she's sorting out all the tupperware
from the bottom drawer that was like mms
so I good job so far like it smashed all
the lid and in taters but now it's
getting harder quietly I might go into
um today later and go buy a triple
stroller and I go look at it today so
hopefully that works out I'm just
waiting for them to call me back okay
guys abney has a cool trick that she's
going to show you that she learned from
her friend Laura right if I was if she
watches him and she'd be like cool how
do you do my trick
so she sucks up a little bit of juice
what's your finger on it pulls out the
straw and wham-o there's juice in this
draw know what do you do mm-hmm yum good
trick Avenue has just showed me that
trick Kovac you need to show the deal
from the vlog because that's cool she's
like yeah I know so we're just at me
lunch I'm done downstairs almost was
gonna tidy up now I'll show you guys
what looks like okay guys all done
here's what it looks like got my workout
bench my weight got my map from doing
groundwork saw a lot of space but i
think it's plenty for what i'm gonna be
using and doing here's my workout plans
pinned up ready to go I'm ready man so
I'm going to start on Monday so I don't
know how much of it i'm going to show on
this channel but on my channel there's
gonna be a bunch but if you want to see
what's going to be happening you not to
come over and check it out cuz gonna be
awesome but what do you guys think do
you like the weight said that I got
hundred box man is great deal so leave I
got all these size shoes and they were
like all size seven shoes in the bucket
that I made Nick get down on because his
winter boots are too small for him now
he keeps complaining over time put them
on we found some size seven winter boot
which were happy about and rain boots
and slippers and sneakers and flip-flops
and boots and shoes and so much stuff
you should go show them the bucket ah
nice okay that's so much sisters look
like there's some hot tuna things we
might keep saying more shoes more shoes
and trying them all up there's knees
like this do you want starting more want
try on those once again okay Scott's in
a bucket hey hey
these I turn over here gorda shoes are
ow so the kids wanted to build a force
so we built one coming from in the
kitchen into the living room so I hear
stars here we come in the fort hey guys
and then you come through the curtain
into the other four do you like it oh
yeah is that your clip if we don't break
it have fun okay here's a new game if
they come out of the fort i can get the
mixer and the fourth they're safe right
now I'm gonna get ya better stay in
their pugs well getcha well left you'll
be mine so yeah that's what we're doing
what do you guys do with your Forks guys
check it out I just finished eating my
salad with homemade dressing let me see
if I got the dressings rode over here
it's I made a homemade french dressing
it was actually pretty good it was a
little like more like a vinegar I like a
oily taste but it was pretty good flavor
um the video for that's going to be on
my channel in a couple of weeks so if
you guys want to know how i made that
i'll show you in the video it's pretty
sweet hey guys thanks for watching a
walk today don't forget to subscribe
leave some comments below and give us
the thumbs up he's like this video we
would appreciate that also our instagram
facebook and twitter if you wanna check
us out on those social media sites as
well and don't forget guys really want
to see some of those comments below so
we can get to know you a lot better so
we'll see you there
you
