lucky got your Canadian moose with his
Canadian 2k good morning it's still
morning I didn't sleep that long I
didn't get to sleep in today like i
wanted to because i actually stayed up
till two in the morning because i
started get really into that movie that
Nick was watching the diversion even
though I've seen it before it was like I
forgot so much stuff and it was like the
best movie like it was so good even
though I was like so tired I like could
not turn it off like I just had to watch
it and I had to watch it like all the
way through so I was kind of funny but
then I really felt it this morning but
includes a PA day so I got all three
kids home and avenue was such a big help
or this morning she got breakfast and
everything for their her brothers and
for herself and I just kind of relaxed
on the couch and just like took it easy
they watched under Diego movie that
Malachi picked from the library and then
how would he wanted to color so we're
both colorings of aerial pictures
avenues using markers doing really good
job staying in the lines and everything
and I'm doing pencil crayon I haven't
quite finished yet I'll out why'd it
mark it out Avenue doesn't like my skin
she said it all a huh then I got older
then I got older yeah hey guys what's up
just hitting the trail again today do
some more exercise it's minus-20 with
the windshield today so that's pretty
cool but you know what guys stay fit the
best way to do that is get out and do
something you love and I love going on
heads and trails so it's the best way to
do it and I so close to my work so I can
get a lot of it done on my lunch break
which is gig is they want to get home
not to worry as much about how handy
work out today what's the best time for
you guys to work out the guys become
this is weird flood have in our backyard
and now there's like frozen ice like
over here where you can see SH show in
the back there there's like a bike and
it's like stuck in the water that froze
over and it came into our yard I flipped
the bikes in ice now I mom's trying to
get her car oh but it looks like there
is some like her cars in ice so she's
going to try to get it out but I don't
know if she'll be able to or not tricky
oh there's my daycare
girl here my door closed let's see if my
mom can get it out or not she goes oh
yeah she's good look at all that water
guys Goodall wasn't quite frozen in it
yet oh gosh gotta okay well now I gotta
go cuz my daycare girls here and I don't
know how I'll be able to vlog throughout
the day cuz she can't be on camera so
wealthy I'm about to finish 3.5
kilometers on my lunch break today yes
new record personal best so I'm pretty
pumped about it uh I had 23 laps around
the big loop I gotta go back down the
hill to car go back to work but yeah
guys I'm pumped can't believe I did it I
didn't think I could do it in this
amount of time but I just pushed through
got through it it's cold out today still
came out still did it and I look going
back pumps because i did it i mean i
could just SAT it my desk and ate my
lunch or something you know what it's
better to get motivated and get out
there so can i challenge you guys how
far can you go on your lunch breaks let
me know in the comments below look at
our Canadian boy he's got it yeah I want
sorry about your Canadian clothes lucky
got your Canadian moose with his
Canadian 2k and got your plaid slippers
there there you go bud yeah yep you're
looking all Canadian a stereotype of X
anyways yeah the stereotypical Canadian
right here he's going outside now to
sleep in his igloo hey guys what's up so
vicki has to lead worship next Sunday
not this one so we're just practicing
songs kinda keys believe I asked to come
and get his guitar and then he's a
little big my
see you as to what to give a baby you
are my Jesus
is your name
g
Dovahkiin I finish our worship
practicing and she was getting so mad at
me at the end of it so we had to stop
you had to practice with him you'd
understand hey I'm much surprised he
changes melodies like all the time he
puts it in keys that he wants to sing it
in I make a song my own and sorry if I
guess you have said that's who I am
that's what I'm about so deal with it if
you want approx deal with it that's what
I say it's very frustrating someone's
opiate to practice at the church and
front people nor him to practice
properly at home we just fooled around
not true guys leave I stills awake is so
late you need to go to sleep good night
night I'm working on right now good
night night is that a word when they
made anyways guys that's probably it for
tonight and we'll see you guys tomorrow
tomorrow me putting together my workout
gym so it's gonna be it's going to be
fun and then I got may be tested out a
little bit probably not too much because
i want to start on schedule so it's
going to start on Monday so you see you
guys tomorrow hey guys thanks for
watching a lot today don't forget to
subscribe leave some comments below and
give us a thumbs up if you liked this
video we would appreciate that also our
instagram facebook and twitter if you
want to check us out on those social
media sites as well and don't forget
guys really want to see some of those
comments below so we can get to know you
a lot better so we'll see you air
