do you guys remember these airplanes you
would buy from the store for like fifty
cents good morning guys so today is a
clean and organized day for me since
it's just leave ina at home i sent
malachi school today when normally it's
his day off because tomorrow's a pity
though I figured he would have to me
days off in a row but I sent him today
he was okay about it I would he give me
hard time but going to school today
though though I what's going on there
and yeah so I decided that I'm gonna
take advantage of today and I'm going
through all of Levi's clothes because
his drawers are a mess for one thing but
like half the clothes in here don't even
fit in and he's got like an
overabundance of clothes I haven't had
to buy anything for him because of all
like the hand-me-downs and stuff are
Malachi and from his husband Caleb don't
like he disses eat anything I went
downstairs already through all the bins
and went through all the things I think
will fit in so now I'm going through all
the drawers getting notice if it's too
small then putting the stuff that will
fit him in big job and then I gotta go
through my maternity clothes because
they're having like this big maternity
clothes swap drive at the chart that I
used to go to and so I got invited to go
to that so I'm like yeah I want to be a
part of that oh and leave I went through
the bins and found some shoes that he
wants a little bit big though they're a
little bit big they're like two sizes
too big you go me say goodbye this
spider-man by spider by men so good news
guys i am going to a Canadian Tire that
has the gym that I want and but they
won't hold it for me I'm like it'll take
me over an hour to get there so you can
just hold it for that time so I don't
drive all the way there and find out
that you sold it you're like sorry we
can't do that I'm like so you're gonna
make me drive all the way there and you
might sell it to like ya ever not
allowed to hold anything okay well
thanks for nothing so I hope it's there
and not sold by somebody it there miss
mommy yes move it be in the beer oh he
loves this little panda bear guys he
likes to sleep with it now where you go
have a nap oh you came in
hmm let me hug kisses thank you by
flaming 99 me by great news guys they
had it not a factor then I'm vlogging
there because like the guys are there
the whole time they didn't want to be on
the vlog so that's cool check out so I
got guys I'm really excited to let me
know if you recognize it as soon as you
see it because if you do you and I are
from the same generation BAM do you guys
remember these airplanes you would buy
from the store for like fifty cents so
you buy them and then it comes like with
all the little foam pieces and then a
propeller that goes on the front and you
could throw them they do like tricks and
stuff like that is so much fun so I got
three of them one for each of the kids
cuz Vicky's working tonight I thought
hey this would be a fun thing for us to
do when she's off at work look at
Melfort on for snacks like almost up to
49 up to 39 oh my goodness okay one two
three four I done it oh it's a big money
it's like a snake yeah really yeah it
was like a long snake I remember I used
to take buoyant and then like fold it
into my mouth and keep folding and
folding it holding it till I like a big
wad in my mouth I used to do that a lot
as a kid how do you guys eat your fruit
by the foot you probably like anyone eat
that sugar how dare you get those to
your kids so I decided to go check out
redbox see if they have any good movies
out right now cuz b-billy at this so I
ended up getting divergent because I've
already seen it but I haven't seen it
since he came out so I thought well this
might be fun to watch again and I like
to get my redbox movies from this gas
station cuz if the guy's not busy always
runs out is like free movies and lucky
give me for free movies so I could up
till the end of this month i can run for
more movies for free I don't know how
this company makes any money the movies
are a buck 50 to read and they're always
giving out these free movie rentals
things to places so I just got a home
and I'm gonna give the kids that thing I
was telling you about earlier just gonna
be us recent cuz mom has to go to work
but I was at the store getting something
and I saw a really cool toy get one for
each of you could play
airplanes oh bummer what about you I did
yeah an airplane Oh fine you'll use it I
feel like I don't wander off fine I'll
use it okay here's the game we're
playing with our airplanes that are all
put together you have to fly our
airplane and try and get to land in the
laundry basket go Oh miss it okay Oh
closer okay let me try Oh missed it
Cassie go oh you did it okay see you did
it oh man I flew just over talk you get
my airplane for me okay so we finished
playing planes but that was a classic
like memory of fun do you guys ever play
with these when you were a kid like do
you remember getting like all the
different planes toys Moran is such a
good time with them hey guys so I just
finished a live hangout with so many
bloggers you want to see it you can go
to the bottoms channel because the
entire things posted there if you want
to watch it back because it was a lot of
fun and if you were there thanks for
checking out and participating and stuff
so I just finished watching divergent
now Vicki's watching it because she was
over key game is here should I couch
line there watching the divergent you
gotta add the blog and I'm excited
because this weekend I have a lot to you
so I'm gonna get my little home gym
thing set up in the basement I'll show
you guys all about that it's gonna be
amazing hey guys thanks for watching
I'll vlog hey don't forget to go check
out 52 channel Canadian family mom and
if you're new to the channel thanks for
checking us in or don't forget to
subscribe getting some comments below
because that's our favorite way to get
to know you guys
the comments so if you see a comment of
ours on another channel you want to say
hi you want to leave comment on that go
ahead and do that or if you want to
leave some comments on the video today
below go ahead me back to because then
we'll responding we're going to start to
get to know each other alone so see you
guys in the comments
