but now we're going to try the toboggan
Hill revenge okay guys we're getting
ready to go and I'm packing up a little
diaper bag for Levon Isis we're going to
be together well Nick takes the old or
two up on the snow to pills and I'm
packing it up I'm thinking I'm going to
put a little bit of cash in here just in
case and I go my little pouch here and
look what I pulled out I pulled out my
missing credit card which I've already
canceled at a new ones being sent to me
and it should be here like on monday so
I'm like oh crap so now this is useless
and I could use that and I found the
missing memory card it was in the little
pouch of my diaper bags the the memory
card we were searching the whole house
for late last night was in the diaper
bag the whole time well I'm glad it's
sad now we can get that video up for you
guys but seriously oh right the whole
time there's the big hill guys big
tubing help
we're all just waiting for daddy because
you had to park far away hey Levi watch
the door buddy I'm gonna get a parking
spot everyone parked really bad so we're
just doing now for about the Nicholas to
park far away we're waiting inside the
doors here and as we're waiting the
lineup for the tube is getting longer
and longer it is a youth line up all the
way up they'll just want to line up yeah
oh we show yourself yeah oh yeah you got
Fred stick and cheap
they eat some they don't want it they
don't want it are you gonna eat it hey
guys so I get all the way to the top of
the hill with apnea Malachi is we're
going up the hill at me is like I have
to go be so she's at the w like I'm
gonna have an accent I'm gonna have an
act then my face like I'm not going down
there so abney ends up going down with
two strangers or teenagers that we that
we saw up there she come with us and she
wants so I let her down there and then
mom and I go running down the hill to
try and meet her down at the bottom it
was a disaster Abby runs to the bathroom
with mom when she hits the bottom
Malachi's cronies got boogers everywhere
it was a complete disaster and my camera
died at the top of the hill so I
couldn't record any of it ah so
something wrong with my gopro bat or
anything but now we're going to try the
toboggan Hill for bitch so the boys are
happy to be on playing with connects hey
boys yeah yeah leave are you playing oh
cool oh you're playing lego I feel like
every video we've had lately I said some
element of Lego because the kids have
just been playing it all the time is
like their favorite thing idea right now
so that's why I sent all the videos if
you know if you guys don't like Lego I'm
sorry you know how I did nap all this
week well I think I totally made up for
it today because I just had like a three
hour nap and it was wonderful and I feel
like I could just sleep through all the
way through to the night like I'm just
that tired like I could sleep right
through so I'm gonna get some caffeine
into me I'm gonna have a little bit of
coconut chocolate bar or something just
to like wake me up so that I can have
energy to attack this dirty messy
kitchen you want to show you guys and to
get the kids bath and
in their jammies and ready for bed and
to get dinner going I just need to have
all this energy and I don't have it I
love you mama okay you see good I love
you so no thanks you should let me no
matter what I mission which love
shouldn't be based on what Mommy does
for you but on who i am as a person and
as your mom yeah I always never never oh
hey guys so guess what happened vicki
has you guys know most of you Vicki does
a pampered chef as a business and she
had a show that she was trying to get
going online and she couldn't get anyone
to participate or buy her anything in it
and then all of a sudden last minute
there's like 30 minutes left will show
or something and then like all these
people are like buying huge products
it's gonna stop hitting my hand man I'm
trying to vlog here okay hey yoga okay
Jerry what do you work okay good you
this one hey yo na you guys hey hey
bring yoga yoga are you gonna do a yoga
pose this one he's going to you yah
gable me hungry here I go ready
regionally here we go ok go yoga whoa
didn't look hurt but it hurt your arm
know that come on boy he's doing it say
yo gaga whoa
Oh silly boys hey guys thanks for
watching the vlog today and don't forget
to subscribe if you haven't already plus
you should go check out Vicki's channel
her new channel it's Canadian family mom
so youtube.com slash Canadian family mom
she has two videos up there and they're
pretty good also you can follow us on
Twitter Instagram and Facebook you got
some bonus content and don't forget guys
leave some comments below so we can get
to know you better see in the comments
