hey guys so I'm just skyping with my
friend ariel who's all the way in
calgary hey guys so it's like 1230 today
the whole family slept in two like 10am
it was awesome and it's not like final
day sleep in tomorrow I've got worship
um in the morning so I won't get to
sleeping south of yet that hurt to 845
but oh it was really nice nice final day
of sleeping in I hope you guys got to
sleep in a little bit on your holidays
to a bini I asked her what she wanted to
do today and she told me that she wanted
to go out though where we going yeah
we're just gonna go in an exchange of
gift and she's gonna go pick out
something that she would like then we
got mcdonalds coupons in the mail so
then we're gonna get mcdonalds fight to
bring it home for the boys it's just the
girls going out right what if I do with
the girls guys Vicki went to go to
walmart with an they were gonna bring
back lunch for us it is re two o'clock
in malkain are starving rayvon okay we
want some lunch so what should we do
well yeah have some night I know man
Levi's up feeling good it's been napping
on the couch my pears I are so hungry
and I'm still not feeling good it's been
like five days an hour whatever I wanted
to go away I needed to be done by monday
cuz i have a big meeting to try and get
this grant i'm trying to get and i don't
want to be all like plugged up and
stuffy and stuff for the meeting so
Avenue has sixteen dollars and ninety
cents that she gets to spend we just
went through the whole toy section and
found nothing
and then she wanted what a shoe so she's
definitely a girl after my own heart we
are in the shoe section she found these
boots that she really likes so she's
trying them on she's got she's got it
she's got really good taste you asked me
forget that matters dialing yeah the
other one on and then walks and then we
found needs to frozen slippers so she
likes these two so we'll see you she
comes check it out thanks Sam great they
feel great say not look at that happy
face hey don't came off like that way
again do they feel good yeah do you like
them yeah it's a little Sam last well
the elastic and the tag Hey look good
guy who's really snowing out now look at
all the snow and it's cold very Avenue
cold yeah and we didn't have a car tell
them what happened when we went to get a
cart because we thought we'd need it
with gaining mcdonald and there are we
check nan Chi
and there's nine cut yeah at both enters
and exits on either side of the store
there is no cards none not one so we had
to struggle thankfully I had a good
helper with me mm-hmm she's great okay
so they're finally home we're starving
our butts off I finished all of my
stupid nuggets are like five seconds I'm
still hungry that's why we work are you
read are you getting satisfied chug it
is juice there I take a little break on
the juice everybody you're not gonna
have anything left to drink Joey eat
your onions maybe we just came home
through a blizzard it was it actually is
still be pretty bad it really bad none
of the Rosa plug no our road is covered
oh yeah our goal was pretty bad I'll
show you guys what it looks like check
it out it's just snowing like crazy out
here hey guys so it's getting dark
because it's not my time and it's winter
that's accepted but Levi's not feeling
good just like me a bud you look you up
there on the table ah kitchen I've nice
is dominating at some smash bros she's
really good at that game look at Levi
guys you double drinking you guys I
leave I thanks Mel okay joy marc let's
go from on the ground again yeah thank
you stirring in the Bonin is now ya know
oh okay we're dead no I got water all
over the floor yeah I'm the guy the
whole thing's I got some good helpers in
this house hey guys so I'm just skyping
with my friend ariel who's all the way
in calgary I has less type so much that
way we can still keep in touch and stuff
we were really close when we lived in
Calgary so we still try to stay close so
yeah say hi Ariel
ah rager can't go I was just talking
about you the other day making to my
friends because um they were talking
about that they might be moving and
they're like two of our pretty close
friends and I was saying to them how
like it's hard to make friends that are
couples and then you and Nick are
probably like other than them like the
only couples that we really connected
with like a long time yeah and I was
just I was making missing you guys so
much just talking oh they waited just
didn't we were becoming like best
friends when I was 11 touched and it's
really nice to me too what yes and now
aerial is a mom too so we have a lot
more to talk about before I felt like I
just always talked about you know my
kids to her blah blah blah blood so now
now she's returning the favor and she
can blah blah to me about her daughter
then I don't feel so bad yeah and it's
so fun to watch your blog because every
time we see you in person your kids are
like grown up so much and barely
recognize them but then really watch you
online and we feel like watch their
lives see them grow up and it's only fun
yeah that's what's so great about
blogging guys if your family lives far
away i encourage you to vlog or do some
sort of video so that people can keep in
touch with you and keep up so yeah hey
I'm gonna go now cuz i'm chatting okay
bye hey guys thanks for watching the box
say don't forget to subscribe if you
already have this subscribe and also you
can check us out on facebook twitter and
instagram we'd love to see those
comments if you want to leave some
message to us down below so we can get
back to you and get to know you a lot
better see you in the comments
