hey guys what's up we want to give away
our Christmas gift to you toffee double
pack of chocolates so if you want to win
this you have to go back to what our
first vlog ever is called snow fest 2014
and you have to answer this question in
the comments where did Vicky get stuck
so the first person to leave it answer
in the comments snow fest 2014 where did
Vicky get stuck wins this prize so the
only other rule is you have to be a
subscriber to win so if you're watching
this for the first time you haven't
subscribe all you gotta do is click
subscribe and give us the answer that
question and you can win this so yeah
let us know in the comments below ok
Malik I'm gonna try out his flying but
buddy got it series I think he likes it
hey walking a Flying Dog and then you
want when you want him to stop you have
to let go of the button let go of the
button there you go the boys are making
their lego even Levi's helping Levi
lovely good oops oh is it stuck a hard
piece oh it's a hard piece dead
rebellious fascia oh cool this was a
great deal I got all this lego man 18
bucks yeah that's a lot it's really cool
it's not actually look at daddy let's
hear you made alright done to buy oh
cool all these pieces work with later ya
know its quality is still good deal ok
well this will keep the boys busy for a
while oh yeah look at all these havanese
got her rainbow loom out can make some
bracelets aren't you she went to her
room and got it herself cuz she just got
some new lasted Levi's having orange
juice for the first time and he is just
chugging it back really
are you still going chug chug chug chug
chug chug you like it you like it can
hear his big swallows is that good the
good juice like that he's checked lately
was billed the doc you like say yes
Vicki made some fresh muffins this
morning mm-hmm good I mean grandma gave
me some sewing with this new sewing
machine at Grandma gotta shatter the one
hole along guys we were so late for our
Christmas thing where it starts in 30
minutes and it's like an hour and 20
minutes to get there and we're all still
trying a good dress to her and get out
of here we're such a rush I didn't get a
chance to upload the vlog for yesterday
and um it's not gonna be out probably
tell like tomorrow morning or really
late tonight sorry guys I didn't mean to
do that I wanted to have it up but I
just have time today guys is vacant
parking lots everywhere we've been
driving around and around and around
there is no doors open on Christmas Day
and we totally forgot about that I don't
know why and we're driving at me has to
go pee and so we pull off on the exit
for restaurants and we're like nothing's
open right yeah it sucks but then we saw
an open sign from way down yonder and it
was an oriental cuisine place and they
were open and they let us use their
washroom and really Thank You oriental
cuisine yes thank you oriental cuisine
hey guys so we waited to the keys for
anything don't you dare game ordination
Jim you
big new family guys so tired tired hmm
it's a weapon against our everyday
battle medicine no papers all the facts
come on paper by my every move doodle
toothpaste why okay we're telling me I
think it's a very good guys oh sweet and
snape leaking everywhere Kim okay you're
not gonna believe what they are no such
a toy it's a died oh it's almost a tie
close enough to be it but I over in a
day are nigerians what is nice is that
Walmart ok the Winnie much the winning
team christening I give you an extra
bonus bonus point off yeah okay that
takes you down to 10 which makes Dicky
and Nick the winner
hey guys guys a nerd ah got Charlie's
gigantis oh man is that gonna be good or
what yeah yummy we got potatoes and
carrots brussel sprout corn stuffing
cranberry sauce screaming oh my goodness
isn't it like delicious perfect fill up
right now a blackboard yeah never
everybody already knows right make me oh
man I for play this like two phases but
it won't win more what twins no we don't
know that we don't know everybody's
faces are so shocked do I everyone on
YouTube knowing you're 50 all you want
everybody to know that I am half a
century young
the cameras everybody has I can't
believe Barbie to do that lassie car
well I always knew Christa was full out
there hey guys found a Wong foo dog this
is kayak like I yeah making all that
racket over here
these silly goose here's the dessert tea
well there's the birthday cake and
brownies and cookies a really good
cheesecake all rice krispie squares and
more cookies my cookies and pie it was
really good and check this out guys it's
like almost good and they loved my debt
I had people asked for recipe so I think
it's a my go-to thing to bring to family
gatherings or any event for that matter
hey guys thanks for watching the vlog
day story kind of ended weird we got
home from doing the family stuff and
then I went to go cuddle with Avenue in
bed next thing you know I'm sound asleep
in their wake up again till like one
o'clock in the morning so yeah and it
kind of weird but thanks for watching
don't forget to subscribe and follow us
on Twitter Instagram and Facebook if you
want see you guys in the comments
you
