hey guys so my birthday is coming up my
birthday's april eleventh and I got
renewal to do my health care card and my
driver's license so I guess it's been
five years since I had my picture taken
so I decided I'd wake up today and i
would get already I would do my hair and
my makeup put some earrings on you know
look more nicer and presentable ok so I
go there there's like no line which is
so great I went in done like so fast but
the girl was like um hey no smiling and
I thought what you said this smiley I
thought she said no styling so I was
like oh and so I like didn't touch like
I was like I just kind of like moved a
piece away on my hit your hair and I was
just like can I wear my hair in the
front or does it be in the back and she
was like it's fine just no smiling and I
was like okay and so I went and stood at
the thing and you can't smile so I was
like it's hard not to smile but anyways
so I did that but guys I know it's gonna
be a bad picture because look at the
weather outside right now it started
pouring rain so you know rain and wind
together is not good for your hair so
needless to say I had pieces flying all
over actual go inside when I go inside
I'll show you what my hair does with a
little bit of wind um yeah so I'm pretty
sure I was like oh and I'd like kind of
pulled a little bit back but i think it
was oh there you go yeah he goes like
this yeah i think that's what it looked
like and I was like I can't style I
can't put it back so oh well we'll see
you
