so today we're rushing around like crazy
because set this abadia Malachi's
Christmas play oh wait you're ready to
aren't you Levi's in it to you right
yeah scar hey Levi mark are you excited
oh he's not in the fight he is he's a
star yeah it's getting your birthday
you're a star to you oh yeah awesome
rest are all the people i don't care
no I gave Levi peanut butter for the
first time and he hasn't heard yet he's
just eating his yogurt but um yeah
peanut butter for the first time look a
little bit on his toast we'll see how he
does with it are you trying the peanut
butter on the tools tasty is it good
only like sir Julie kick is he still
breathing my so nervous of trying hamper
for first time with the kids I only have
a lot of allergies in our family like I
don't really know anybody that's it Muse
better in our family no I mean yeah
these food allergies but she likes it
maybe we'll get some protein into him
now so I just had the most peaceful
blissful nap Levi was sleeping beside me
and Malachi happen you're playing a
video game nicely and quietly and Nick
decides to nap when all three are awake
and rambunctious so I get this when I'm
awake what are you doing in me
why is he gonna turn in soon I mean no
okay yeah yeah so I think Nick's gonna
post them in the video from the
children's production today but oh my
goodness guys it was so cute and Malachi
the way he like took care of his little
brother like his hands on his shoulders
and leading him and standing with him it
was just so precious it was so cute and
they looked adorable as little stars and
then Avenue was the most beautiful angel
you've ever seen she'd like the most
prettiest dress on and everything and
she was singing away with the songs and
it was just such a nice moment and I had
so many people come up to me afterwards
and her like your kids are just so
precious they're so cute and telling you
what a good mom I am because they were
so quiet and they listened and I was
like thanks thanks to hear those things
so adding I decidable the boys are going
crazy in the bathroom that we would take
this opportunity to wrap presents yay so
guys I was gonna make shepherd's pie for
dinner but my potatoes my bad I didn't
get a chance to go in the grocery store
and I just want first of all anyone not
get a chance or didn't feel like going
like so I have my meat out and stuff but
i figured it's okay for one more day we
decided that we would order pizza for
supper i'm gonna go pick it up in a
couple minutes it's got a little bit of
crazy night we're having a late supper
and it's bath night and
my goodness never early morning I've got
kids communicate am so lots to do
tonight and I'm missing some Christmas
presents I put them somewhere for
safekeeping so no one would see it and
then I don't remember where I put it so
tonight I'm gonna have to spend time
trying to find some presents hey guys
thanks for watch the vlog today don't
forget to subscribe if you haven't
already because this month if you are a
subscriber you get entered to win a box
of toffee chocolate Vicki's favorite
chocolate also don't forget to check us
out on Instagram Facebook and Twitter
we'll see you guys in the comments
