guys Malachi's here is all done you want
to see what it looks like
look we leave I meet again guys making
your you're shooting tool yeah oh let's
see what's it do okay see loaded up
ready go yeah it's Levi's new favorite
thing to do he climbs up onto the table
I blocks from one side to the other side
of the window and climbs up there all by
himself I'm he'll sit there for like
five minutes at least just by happily
making this little train noises and
stuff Levi q give mommy a smile can you
give me yeah hey guys so I'm just on my
way staples to pick up a couple of SD
cards cuz little couple of hours are
gone all screwed up they're not working
I were just I'm on amazon and they took
over a month and they're still not here
and they were supposed to get here two
weeks ago so I'm like screw this i send
you a complaint because it wasn't
working and i'm gonna get my money back
because that is way too long after wait
so I'm just kind of running into staples
they have them on sale for nineteen
dollars for a 32 gig class 10 so I know
grab those suckas right no just had it
in the good old dull arraignment for
some stocking stuffers oh yeah what's up
I'm getting them
the dollar store was a little more
expensive that was gonna be I has been
like 55 bucks and all those stocking
stuffer toys boy I hope Vicki's not
gonna be mad at me for spending all that
money is expensive to buy the stocking
stuffers oh let me know guys using 56
bucks is uh too much money to spend on
all three kids for stocking stuffers let
me know what you think in the comments
below guys I'm so impressed i'm walking
to get malachite from school and the
sidewalks actually clear like I can walk
with the stroller and I'll have to have
big mounds of snow in my way I'm really
really glad about that thinks I walk a
lot easier guys has never happened but
Levi actually fell asleep he looks like
a little shark in there he had like his
little mini nap this morning he fell
asleep on my lap like ten o'clock and I
had both baby sleeping from 10 to 11 and
then leave I woke up and then the other
baby slept until 12 but it was so nice
they're both looking at the same time
whoa I can't you can't make a snowball I
think you can I thought that was looking
really good leave let me of walking out
this nice crowd on the one is so close
yeah that's good good job that looks
great yay good job buddy now gonna throw
it not at me not at me no no no I'll
game called no I can't throw snow at
people you're right you can't first note
yeah yeah you do have to ask i said no i
said no i threw it over me good job
Megan elbow to follow me I mean I got
thrown at you okay I'm gonna get one
iphone the otha no vive you no way fine
do three over your head hey Burt on me
me a guy pants mouth i made like a
little mini snowman outside he told me
you have to fall inside and get
chocolate for his eyes and carrots for
his nose so he can actually look like a
snowman that's when he says but it's
actually Ashley malecon I made a snowman
Malachi just putting the buttons on the
snowman we did crepes for his eyes they
look kind of funny do you like our
snowman yep what should we call our
snowman um pakis pakis takis pakis the
snowman there you go guys my face is
numb in box even know Oh frosty there's
a good name wow there's a big Christmas
concert coming up in school so we're
gonna give up uh-huh a haircut Anna haha
yeah we can give you a hug too no
problem so I give you a haircut you look
good for your Christmas party or your
Christmas what's it called that's kind
your christmas concert right Oh that'll
be awesome your cashiers bundle man um
like singing you can't that they're hard
to see go ahead to make here we boys'd
it oh really I may have Christmas
sunchips no I don't think so just boys
yeah okay so good I Sarah guys Malachi's
hairs all done you might see what it
looks like tah-dah let's see let me know
look at me Dada looks good dude do you
like it why yeah we aren't like paradise
for haircut because um because
okay I have a Christmas pie chart oh so
you wanna have the dinosaur haircut for
Christmas concert yeah really had to do
that that haircut nice looks good man
you look good I'll be glad for me here
you were really good thank you hey hey
guys how's it going so I just wanted to
take a minute and say to everyone who's
living out in Australia right now that's
been affected by that terrorist shooting
is going on today they were praying for
you guys and then we're the we just want
to know that our hearts are with you
during this really challenging time guys
so i ordered Vicki's Christmas present
online today and I'm pretty sure it's
not gonna be here in time I'm know I'm a
little bit late you're thinking you're
just order to know well does not i know
i know but i found this really we
weren't gonna get each other anything
but i just found this a really great
sale and i don't want to tell you what
it is just like his Vicki watches his
back but I got something that's
regularly 200 and like fifty dollars on
sale for 80 bucks what yeah I know what
you're thinking what a great deal so I
got that and so I'm really excited to be
able to give it to her but I have to
wait for her to come and I think it
won't be here till the new year but
we'll see fingers crossed that it comes
before then hey guys we're just doing of
Google life hanging out with a whole
bunch of people it's really noisy so I'm
just going to show you quickly like
clicking on each of the pictures what
they all look like if you can't yeah so
we're just finished our live hangout
with all the friends on YouTube and it
was a lot of fun if you want to check it
out you can go to the cross house
channel and it's going to be posted on
there so if you miss it you watch I
gotta go check it out over there also
Sherry's logon did our squat challenge
so if you guys haven't checked them out
yet they're from Scotland and only have
a small amount of subscribers so go
check them out if you want and maybe
subscribe if you like what they're doing
hey guys thanks for watching our vlog
and don't forget to subscribe if you
haven't already because this month on
Christmas deep we're giving away a box
of toffee chocolate where's Vicki
favorite chocolates and a lot of you
guys didn't know what it was so we're
going to give it away so you can try it
out and also don't forget to check us
out on facebook instagram and twitter if
you want some bonus content and
we hope that you guys remember to leave
comments below so we can get to know you
a whole lot better see you in the
comments
