I like to step on people while they
sleep
we just finished church it's 1149 and
Vicki's got to get to your hairdressing
appointment your little late Vicki guys
I'm so excited I go get my hair colored
finally I'm so excited you don't get a
cut to your just color um I'll plug it
my bangs cut cuz they're like not really
but that's it I don't want to kind of
solution for josh's wedding oh great so
we'll see how it looks when she gets
back it's probably looks super I'm
really excited I've been weaned this for
a while so AB knees gonna go with her
because she wants to get hair her hair
done relatively cheap sushi okay this
much awesome shouldn't one short I was
an angel and she can't have short hair
be an angel is that what they did that
is so buddy so see how it goes so ma
pays just finished quiet time you're
gonna have this big giant kinder egg
that we got from the Toronto christmas
market who did you get it with Oh Kiki
you had fun with her didn't you yeah
they were flushed for a long time yeah
they were with us for a long time
history she was funny wasn't he okay so
we're gonna open this puppy after them
ok you get giant toys as I these kinder
eggs they're pretty awesome so I'm gonna
open it up ok here's what they got oh my
god this it's like key turning in some
crocodile he looks at himself inside
here and leave I got something really
cool you set up these three little spots
so you get different points yeah and
then you have to bowl this guy over to
it can we show them Lucy you got a bowl
this guy oh I missed ya ok let's see you
do it gosh eat it yeah you got one good
job dude oh you want turn I can't I
believe I have a turn Oh a nice one good
to hear leave my young turn gray set go
oh yeah nice one ok the girls are all
out so what do we do we build up Hot
Wheels go ramp durga durga dead dead
dead until let's see it Oh
oh yeah nice one okay we changed the
ramp now you got come down here go round
the loop hit the jump go through the
tunnel and come out the other side can
you do it let's see yeah you did it
smashed up that other car oh I'm here
malka you're the winner laughs I you're
the winner but I'm a oh ok Hey Ya
Ya you smash it yeah yeah look you guys
go ok ok here we go to present once nice
i was moving the track Levi just some
good old Sunday afternoon fun with the
boys ok guys so I'm going to make some
more snickerdoodle cookies like I made
the other day cuz they got eaten so
quickly I work out my head a little bit
left over and I really want some more so
I heard that Kendra from the J house
Wallace is also baking some awesome
Christmas treats so I'm gonna put you
into our magic cupboard you can go over
to her channel and see what she's baking
and kind of meet them a little bit too
so guys later hi it worked hey welcome
to Jay house I'm Jeremy these are our
four little kiddos say how you guys
oh my goodness and I am Kendra good to
meet you you guys came at a great time
we have been baking this gooey gooey
chex mix so good yeah you should come on
over and we'll give you the recipe and
we can hang out the Canadian family blog
so thanks for stopping by yeah safe
travels back to Canada hey welcome back
guys how did it go what was she baking
you look delicious I am so hungry for
big trees right now I'm gonna go ahead
and finish off my snickerdoodle cookies
and then eat them in front of you haha
oh not very good at are you so yeah as
we were doing right now in the girls oh
she's having some more guy fun me my you
look like you're gonna go to sleep you
can't sleepy oh you're Leslie I like to
step on people while they sleep what's
up man what's the matter what what what
do I yes up so you get me some delicious
cookies I'm hungry for them hey the
girls are home and Vicki forgot to bring
her camera to the haircut day co guys
eglise yes clarify that I did not forget
to bring the camera I forgot to put the
battery in the camera I brought the cam
right every intention of logging it so
sorry guys so you guys miss the boy okay
named by devon her hair look good guys
it's a lot darker to like significantly
dark athena like macaron a lighter color
no it looks really good it's styled
really nicely today she wants she's like
can i curl it i'll make sure why she
curled it it looks good nike but she
trimmed in she did my bed yeah yeah it
looks good thanks hmm nobody is using it
some people might know here's avenue
Jerrica work it out me come over let me
see it what
she got the edges all nice and eight
okie she doesn't want to do it I guess
so she got all this ends of her airtran
sexy she actually showed me how to cut
her hair so that i can try it next time
how's it crazy yet oh yeah alright mesto
do not remember he didn't mess up on the
other place yeah the other place mr.
cheesy happening she even says she's
like this is really uneven I'm like I
know really yeah Ashley's really good
you're the best Ashley you are actually
we didn't like who are you yeah damn
plus Ashley you told me want me to do
your hair your photography for your
family just call me mana come over
anytime just call me up Nick's hard at
work baking up some cookies I decided to
make you Titans these are not sniffing
you'll already finished snicker tools
they're in the fridge cooling and now
these ones are going to be a chocolate
chip cookie hmm Levi's going cookie
cookie cookie cookie cookie cookie yeah
he's planning to make solli-tangen I'm
gonna make my apple crisp finally
everyone so long for it I just haven't
had time to make it and our company
canceled tonight so now I have time to
make it and I'm so glad yay look the
actual puzzles fuzzy it's fuzzy phila
he's fuzzy I know it that's why kill do
I thought just the box was fuzzy no and
I'm so go guys okay so frozen puzzle
thanks to the snowflake fuzzy too oh
yeah they're fuzzy you see that's a
really cool puzzle it's like a nice
touch and feel like getting full even
though that's a cool look guys what I'm
enjoying right now oh yeah not look so
good as leftovers from eastside mario's
last night my grilled chicken and my lo
mein noodles and all my veggies nothing
now my video I good i'm probably not
gonna eat supper though no I'm making
some honey Oh bread I've never made this
done before whether you can see it and
they're going nuts kind of Stevie yeah
never made this time before so we'll try
and see how it goes it sounds like good
i always liked the honey oat bread at
subway so I'm hoping this tastes so much
of that cuz that's still delicious ebony
has completed the puzzle how's it feel
happy to complete the most difficult
puzzle of all time good
let's feel it oh it's so fuzzy this is
the neatest puzzle what would you feel
the eyeballs and if you're weird yeah
did you feel the middle what is this
everything feels so cool hey guys check
out this cool little thing that we got
for peeling apples in your baking think
is only if you have to like do a whole
bunch a maybe yeah has anybody ever seen
this before look it peels the entire
thing a one big long strip and you don't
have to like get tired from peeling all
day I should go with Malachi's doing
with his supper what are you doing to
everybody what you're doing wrong okay
baby same time my waffle more cuz I did
working here because you wanted to look
at he's another little grooves and the
squares he's putting the P here silly do
you know that hey guys check it out so I
made my homemade honey oat bread which
tastes very good I got chocolate chip
cookies and snickerdoodles and I'm about
to fry up some turkey meat for a
delicious sandwich oh and here's Vicki's
apple crisp so yeah today was basically
like non-stop cooking and baking
yourself a gap but it's gonna be a
delicious week I can guarantee you that
hey guys thanks for watching a blog
today and don't forget to subscribe if
you haven't already subscribe and this
month if you subscribe you get an enter
for a chance to win a free box of
Vicki's favorite chocolates sixy really
want you guys to win that so if you want
to subscribe you're going to be entered
automatically to win that chocolate also
we're on instagram facebook and twitter
so you can check us out on both sites to
do on and don't forget to leave lots of
comments below if you haven't already
started to do that
we want to get to know you guys and
that's the best way to get to know you
see in the comments
