because I'm going on a date with my
cousin Maddy
nay nay
look what you found you made a match
Mira horse sound hey so we're just on
our way out we're going to the mall
we're gonna meet Nick at the glasses
place on his lunch break because he
wants my help guys and getting a new
pair of glasses even though we've
already been through this before the
other ones didn't turn out so he's to go
back and do it all over again so wish us
luck I'm not looking forward to it but
I'm the supportive wife and Levi and I
are gonna go shopping we're gonna go get
our Christmas shopping day and then yeah
just let go stores and get some
Christmas gifts last-minute shopping
I'm literally done by like the first of
December this year I'm so behind I don't
know why oh well have you guys finished
yet oh I'm just walking by this store
and there's a mannequin wearing a dress
made out of Reese's Pieces wrappers
piece of scrap earth you know
that's so funny gay Polly but I are just
sitting here waiting for daddy to come
up with his glasses he's on his lunch
break don't you sit mommy now you got
your reasons
oh yeah you gonna read this I could see
daddy's dude are you excited
see yeah you can see my daddy say yeah
where is he and I'm really hungry cuz
it's lunchtime it's past my life so I'm
munching on some cool fish with Levi
hey guys so I'm just gonna go pick up my
new glasses frames Vicki's gonna mean
here and I look over I see Levi in the
window a Stevie sees me
 cancer energy hey how's it going
babe hey yeah oh it's over there yeah
wanna go pick some glasses okay let's go
hey guys what's up so I picked out a new
frame for my glasses and Vicky was earth
Levite as he got a Saab but yeah it was
really quick actually usually it takes
me forever but Vicky found a pair that
looked pretty decent and I'm so tired of
glass of shopping I was like just get it
over with just take whatever they got
that easy now the only way from a
waiting for your friends nice to cool
down
yeah we right there aren't they pretty
hot you're too hot put them all in half
trying to get the heat out of them
faster we're driving home from the mall
because he's getting it back in time to
get Malachi from school and not even
like two minutes away
I don't think he's feeling very good he
was really like whiny end up setting or
drinking I snuck out the beautiful snow
with this sign on it that's so pretty
that's so nice I got deep it is so deep
no guys like barely trudging through it
hey guys so good the ice that was left
from the water from the water main leak
yesterday okay at all it's like so I see
here booth after school and I'm emptying
out the lunch bags like I normally do
after school right away and I open
Malachi's and look what I find and is
pudding leaked all over
I don't know Avenue can you please tell
your brother not to do that anymore like
it's so great your kids do that too do
you get messy like bags at huh we have a
messy much bag story for me maybe mine's
not as bad as I think hey guys so you're
probably wondering Nick how come you're
not home having dinner with your family
it's because I'm going on a date with my
cousin Maddie she's gonna be in a play
and I'm gonna go watch it look at the
sunset Oh looks pretty sorry I've really
had a squirrel moment there so oh sorry
it's a musical it's called Burmese
that's the only part I know that song
yeah so she's got a really important
role in this musical so I thought I
gotta be there to see it
I'm the equivalent of a tree
she's like the backup backup singer I'm
just there so it's gonna be really good
I'm looking forward to it and we're just
gonna get some burgers because she never
used to like burgers believe it or not
and now she does so we're gonna get some
burgers from my favorite burger place
and I'll show it to you in a few minutes
okay so we're just have bigge burgers
and this is where I like to hit my
burgers
and Maddie's gonna try burger here for
the first time yeah but look they have
like Greek food and burgers
everything you get one it's right beside
to high school so at lunchtime I don't
come here unless this summer vacation
because it gets crazy in here like it's
jam-packed so my parents just bought me
some delicious Chinese food to eat
tonight for supper when Nick was gone
and I'm like oh thank you so much it was
all good guys like I really really felt
like it and really really enjoyed it and
my kids are downstairs munching away on
it whenever we get Chinese soon they
never want to touch it but for some
reason tonight they have me make me
white blueberry waffles for them so then
they eat those and then they go
downstairs for Chinese food they're like
oh this is oh what's this is so good I'm
like come on what's up with that anyway
so I'm just taking some cookies down to
my parents Burstein here I'll provide
the dessert since you provided the
dinner so I just dropped my cousin
Maddie off she went backstage and now I
have to wait a full how her fur plays
dirt because is it a different town so
it's just longer for me to drive home
and come back so I might as well just
wait here so I get a tweet for an hour
before everybody else comes in this show
starts hey guys so I'm just waiting for
the way to start and it's starting to
get packed in here so we're just waiting
for started Maddie will be in it and
she's got some awesome roll that we're
gonna watch if she doesn't get bumped
again she's she got bumped what happened
huh they were doing this thing and she
got bumped and she like trips and it was
funny
I hope that happens again so 8:30 all
three kids are sleeping good yay took
them a while so now I'm just relaxing
and well not all the way relaxing cuz
I'm like sorting laundry and trying to
clean my bedroom but I'm watching this
movie called 12 dates of Christmas and
it looks kind of familiar I think I'm
gonna watch it last year on Netflix but
I remember it being really good and I'm
you guys seeing it do you guys recommend
any like really good Christmas movies to
watch I mean it decides the classics cuz
I know like I've watched all those and
owned them all but I'm talking about
like little cute romantic comedy was
hey guys so I'm back from the play and
it was a lot of fun it was really good
those high school kids did a great job
for me Footloose so yeah I only showed
you a couple of Clips because I didn't
know if everybody that was there would
want to be in the vlog so I wanted to
show just the little parts that my
cousin Maddy was in tomorrow a bunch of
the awesome Toronto things so if you
guys are gonna meet us there that'll be
really great hope to see you there hey
guys thanks for watching I'll vlog say
and don't forget to subscribe if you
haven't already because on Christmas Day
for anyone who subscribes we're giving
away a box of top cookie chocolate
Vicky's favorite chocolates so you want
to go ahead and subscribe so you can get
in on that action also wrong Instagram
Facebook and Twitter if you want to
follow us on any of those sites and
we're looking forward to seeing you guys
in the comments
