hey guys so here's a venise completed
picture for the coloring contest
guys we're doing so much cool stuff this
month on Christmas Day if you've been a
subscriber of ours you get a chance to
win a box of Vicky's favorite Christmas
chocolate toffee chocolates so we're
going to giving that away on Christmas
Day also this Saturday December 13 if
you want to meet with us we're going to
be having a live hangout at the toronto
christmas market so that's gonna be a
lot of fun and we're going to hate me
out there with another vlogger and it's
going to be surprised who it is but you
can come down you can meet us you can
say hello all that kind of fun stuff so
don't forget if you're not doing
anything else I already come down and
check it out say hi I found this little
book for the town and its got like
recipes and stuff in it and inside there
was a coloring contest so Malachi's
coloring a picture jolly can go to
McDonald's and avenues coloring a
picture and I your eyes are like a
vaniqa morning was she doing home you
stay home today oh yeah how come you
stay home today I he had a horrible
night she was up all night and she even
went back to bed and was really really
sleepy went back to bed because she just
could not function today no I'm all
three hits home today plus I was a fair
girl so yeah a lot of fun my house is
probably gonna be a little crazy today
that's all good i love how like towns
and stuff when they do like community
events together like you know um where
they have things on the street and all
like the vendors are there and staff
like i love that kind of thing where
it's like community a Malachai finish it
picture i was very nice and colorful
what is your favorite color to color
with malachi which one were you laughing
about in black and level hey all of them
avenue and i are playing a little game
and we're we're humming and seeing if
you can guess the song that we're coming
okay so he's going first yeah that's
here wait you mean deck very good my
turn um you think okay let's try this
way our God yeah you damn I got it
stronger guide you a higher than any
other I got his Gila awesome and power I
got I got more the other part and if I
got is for us then who could ever stop
us and if my god is with us what could
stand against me
if you know what it is I know p but he
got hold or this little oh I'm gonna let
it shine this little light of mine I'm
gonna let it shine let it shine let it
shine there you go there's just a little
musical ah thing I musical fig it's
Vegas thing where you had to guess licks
sunset you know yes that's right but it
cannot be appropriate no proteins in it
no inappropriate singing I don't think
we would do at appropriate singing we
did a lot of God songs nothing cuz why
he loved it yes we do look guys Levi's
put in the way his pencil crayons all by
himself I didn't even ask him oh okay
put them in the box guys good don't
leave I hey guys so here's avenues
completed picture for the coloring
contest check it out I think she's got a
good chance of winning cuz she's the
youngest in the age group so I think
she's got a good chance we shall see hey
guys so leave I wanted to play Lego with
malachi who actually is not aimed at the
table anymore but look what Levi did i'm
so impressed he's so creative guys if i
did you make with your Lego what did you
maybe you want more oh you meant more
put more colors all you want yellow look
what leave my name look what do you mean
you made this tower and you put all
these not always on it now you got
yellow you put on top oh look at that Oh
almost got it oh yeah kids love you want
more you put more on that's a big Tower
your building yeah
you did a good job buddy look at that
guys I'm so impressed in the on his own
kya hai bhai good job yay Levi oh we're
getting some on the floor though Missy's
don't want those on the floor well
little ones are napping but sounds like
the kids are in the other room like
doing yoga mousse or sumden astex or
something because there is going crazy
yeah you're Jane gymnastics oh my
goodness Oh looks more like yoga moves
to me yeah maybe not it's good to flip
on top of her never tried to do my
goodness crazy kids Hey Oh Levi stern he
wants to go on top there we go Wow cool
move okay guys so you know how I've been
falling behind on like my house work and
stuff well today I made a point of
cleaning at least one room so i chose
the bathroom because it was looking kind
of gross and so i made the decision I'd
the bathroom today here we go clean
bathroom I even washed the floor guys
everything's all stacked up over there
but um yeah I did the mere and the scene
cuz it was so bad and then I like wash
down the shower so it was like orange is
it look good doing the inspection for me
I do a good job yeah nice clean floor
yeah are you preuss yeah oh it's so
clean your mom I love it they always
find the cleanroom destroy Hey look what
else I made a point of doing for my
wonderful husband look it no dishes on
the counter but then there are going to
be these dishes from supper so you guys
can have dishes to wash but not a whole
crowd from breakfast and lunch hey guys
what's up so he's going to work again
tonight I'm so tired I was on much
freaking I was throwing up all lying she
was horrible
all and then I just date at work because
I didn't want to come home because i was
so tired I'm throwing up I didn't want
to drive home now all the stuff I are
dead and i have to clean up the kitchen
and i'm probably gonna go to bed early
tight edit the vlog and that's that hey
Liv I what do you think so we're gonna
play some off of it i guess and then go
to bed because I've it I can't stay
awake anymore I'm sorry by the way guys
something happened in yesterday's vlog
that nobody noticed so if you didn't
notice it go back try and watch it and
comment below if you noticed it nobody
noticed I even put a little note in the
top left corner saying did you notice
that day you know what yo it is so go
check it out don't thanks for watching
the vlog saying don't forget to
subscribe if you haven't subscribed
already follow us on Twitter Instagram
and Facebook get your insurer than doing
that and we want to really get to know
you guys so you guys do that you have to
leave some comments below so we can chat
Muse know each other and also don't
forget to subscribe this month we're
almost had a thousand subscribers we
would love it if you could be our
thousand subscriber that would be so
cool and i guess i'll see you guys in
the comments i'm great night
you
