guys this door closed like 20 minutes
ago and we're still like trying things
out and running around
Nick's being swarmed by the kids when
he's trying to edit the vlog me up too
late last night normal idea when they're
asleep and now I'm trying to quickly do
it before we go to her movie and
everybody wants to watch it would be
with Daddy there was a spider crawling
around the kitchen floor and as soon as
you start calling around has a goal and
I saw it and then leave I runs over to
avenue and once a month ebony to hold
him because he's made care to this
spider and every time she goes to put
him down you get so upset there's that
okay it's gone leave eyeing look look
it's ok no more spider ok ok so we're
going off to watch a free movie
madagascarpenguins you guys excited the
Angels here too since weird kid that's
following us around that's my cousin
he's coming with us to this time so we
just finished the madagascarpenguins
maybe you really funny it was so
stinking funny i was literally laughing
my butt off it was so funny there's so
many like really comical things happened
you guys so you guys liked it you like
Jeff Daniel yeah did you like it looks
at Malachi he looked like he was
happening he was like I know it was just
not so funny you have to see that movie
if you have kids they're just dropping
Daniel off and their cat is on the roof
can you guys see there yet lookit I
guess he'll try to hit it gimme cats on
the room people say to me all the time
Nick how come you don't like going down
to the city well because when you're
going on a highway supposed to be under
clumber an hour and the traffic is
moving like this that is why I don't
like going to the city I'm going like 10
kilometers an hour or something
pretty sucks me hey guys so I'm just
going to pick up Sue's with my brother
cuz he's getting engaged to this girl
yeah they're really excited yes she's
pretty awesome so yeah we're gonna go do
some shopping for suits and stuff like
that cuz it's black friday weekend hey
guys read the shoe store and this is the
kind of sale i'm talking about 341 joshi
excited so excited wedding stuff this is
a great store look all these fifty
percent off signs that's how i can
that's how i determined the quality of
historic if they have fifty percent off
signs everywhere it's my type of store
okay so we just went to go to yorkdale
mall and we got stuck in the parking lot
for probably 15 20 minutes jet and we
need to go in the mall because we're
just looping around so he's left that
stupid place and so far the suit hunt is
impossible basically the brown suits
aren't made anymore this basically
what's happening because everyone that
has them only has one copy of it and you
can't get multiples so yeah that's what
we're doing having the worst tiger try
to fly students and we need some food
leave are you sharing your rice krispies
square with your brother
that's nice ebony too okay cool give
nappanee some you're so good at sharing
Oh Malachi back to Malachi itself is
full of other food this is all their
Halloween candy they've got last guys
it's still not quite a bit laughs if we
had a lot and we've been like digging
into it every day okay so we're trying
these others to place the toys in here
somewhere but there's all these weird
things and nothing says soups so let's
see if she signing it right now just
looks like an abandoned building suite
102 here's the backwards version of that
starting to think she doesn't know visit
where we are What's Wrong 20 and wrong
place oh I see clearly the stairs are
outside here's this suits in this fancy
suit custom-made store please yeah it's
kind of cool I want to get a little
patches so we're on Kensington Market in
Toronto and we're trying to find this
place called Tom suit store because I
always share mother radio he's always
like I'll give you five suits for the
price of one so we're gonna try and find
it and see if he's actually telling the
truth I hear her who it was I think it
was Michael but he said that he really
wanted to see our Christmas tree lit up
so I'm gonna show you now someone hey
here's our tree it's angel on the top
which isn't lit and then all the light
bulbs and the ribbon
and our train at the bottom got
demolished by Levi so it's not there
anymore yeah I go so we had to stop and
get somebody so he's got that a Jamaican
be tight especially place and I'm pretty
excited cuz I like my Jamaican patties
so Josh and I we went all over the place
and we came all the way back 36 he's at
place we started off but here's what
we're thinking about it oh here's what I
think you do it Josh doesn't wash oh he
is Oh sleepy so leave i spilt something
on the carpet and he went and got a
paper towel and look look at him no did
you clean up your mess good job you can
tell he watches me clean I because it's
exactly what I do take a paper towel and
I dive at it just like that good job
Levi oh did you get it all okay sure you
put in the garbage good job what a big
boy guys this door closed like 20
minutes ago and we're still like trying
things on him running around everyone at
the front has been so nice and helpful
for us but yeah we're trying to hurry
and get our friggin stuff together and
get out of here before they start to get
really mad yeah they close 20 minutes
ago okay check out all these suits and
shirts and belts and grab my buy so much
stuff hey guys so we're finally finished
all the shopping today and I'm gonna go
home got all the tuxedo suit stuff and
uh yeah you saw a little bit today so
yeah we're really good hey guys thanks
for watching and don't forget to
subscribe if you haven't already
subscribe also we're on social media
such as Instagram Twitter and Facebook
so you want to see some bonus content go
ahead and check out those channels and
if you subscribe this month you get
entered in a chance to win our free
toffee chocolate giveaway so that's
pretty cool if you want to check that
out and that's about it we'll see you in
the comments
you
