the parking lot was so full you people
like parking on the grass and stuff it
was crazy I'd to park so far away in the
back on his cold wintry day
soon as I get in the car with Levi this
is what happened he kicks off his boot I
need throws off his mittens and if he
could he would take his hat off to but
don't cuz it's cold outside you get cold
in the car now yeah it is it every time
look even through his mittens so far
gritty lanjut one there so far you
through them you are a silly boy yeah
you are we're just on my way to my
friends house just for a little visit
and then I brought some coupons me might
I might go get Levi something special as
a little special treat for being a good
boy and it's mommy and sunday and i love
Fridays because just me and Levi hey
guys so just leaving my friends house
and you can tell they have a dog because
the dog you're all over me and he's all
as dog hair all over him if I wear your
boots did you kick them off before I put
you in the car and I Drive back there is
you just boot through the driveway maybe
they are come on karu they found Levi's
boots and they were in the driveway so I
was really glad that I remembered it
before I had gotten too far even though
she lives close anyways now we're gonna
go get a special treat you guys see that
sign over there you can see it Levi you
want to go get some french fries yeah
yeah okay let's go somebody's dig it in
Oh what do you say french fry they
french fry hey french fry face you're
showing everybody your yummy french bay
that we got for free with our coupon
Thank You great Nana and it is so nice
me Levi together you McDonald
oh ok oh so I'm just enjoying my free
apple pie from mcdonalds and it was a
coupon that only 12 and under could use
but because Levi's with me I got to use
it believe I wants to try it you want to
try some apple pie let's see oh you have
a big piece of Apple in there what do
you think you like it yeah you do
Margaretta circles I can't record you
but good things it says are you doing
hey I guess you don't want to be on
camera mmm apple pie yummy we're doing
an apple pie dance guys yay apple pie
yay apple pie yeah ok so it's Black
Friday today and I was wondering if
anybody went out and braved the malls or
you went to like a big box store did you
guys find any deals was it worth it for
me I totally could have gone today I
just had Levi today being the first in
line first thing in the morning is
absolutely insane to me i'm just not a
morning person and by the time
everyone's out the door for school it's
not a clock so it's kind of late anyways
so that went really work for me and then
going during the day oh I just I just
kept thinking like he's gonna be so busy
and I'd push the stroller there's gonna
be people everywhere lineups and I think
it would just be very stressful kind of
day so I didn't even I was I was
thinking about I was really really close
to going to walmart but I didn't look at
their flyer and I purposely didn't look
at the flyers because I didn't want to
see something really really good deal
that I wasn't thinking about buying
before you know because i'm spending
even though it's a good deal i'm still
spending money that i wouldn't have
normally spent but anyways i am a
shopper by heart and I like deals I shop
clearance and everything and I never buy
anything full price I went online to see
what kind of black friday deals are
online old navy which I love for the
kids and my
actually has um here's doing some online
shopping everything's on sale up to
fifty percent off everything so they
actually actually do have pretty good
sale but you know what oh maybe I said
two percent off all their stuff like all
the time it's very frequent and so I
went on like american eagle to see if
they had something on and you know quite
a few stores do it have like fifty
percent off forty percent off but that's
something that I wasn't thinking about
buying you know what i mean so I'm just
spending unnecessary money hey I was
just wondering how it was for you guys I
remember one black friday I didn't even
know it was black friday and i had
booked the kids sears portrait that day
and me I think there at like one o'clock
the parking lot was so full you people
like parking on the grass and stuff it
was crazy I'd to park so far away in the
back on his cold wintry day it was like
a zoo it was so crazy I was like I don't
even feel like shopping I don't care how
good the deals are I don't want to be
here so i was just wondering what was
your black friday experience today
standing here in the kitchen with knit
we were just chatting away also saying
here by the fridge and I look down and
there's this cute little note on the
fridge from ebony very like a little
message to me is she glad you like it
yeah shame tell me she wrote a note or
anything she just put it on the fridge
with the magnet and just kind of left it
and probably waiting for me to see it
that's so cute how sweet is she just
started family movie night right guys
yak is why did she ask them to work yeah
but this is the only time going to work
on Bailey may be nice yeah and then also
tonight once Vicky is home for work we
have our huge Google+ live hangout with
matt m i try to remember everybody it is
going to be there Jim and Liz early and
Becky Gareth and Kayleen and Scott and
camber everybody got everybody oh those
are all people are gonna be there so
it's gonna be a lot of fun I cannot wait
guys watch so you guys help me give me
more
thank you thank you these teams of two
big helper is that cool why is it that I
have so much tub where but not a single
matching lid or container how is that
possible it's joining us right now
trying to find his do a match to spike
it with his dub leftover food inside of
it has ever happened to you guys hey
guys so we just finished our live
google+ hangout with all those amazing
bloggers and it was so much fun it was
great to get to know some new people and
just to have a conversation here's some
of their stories about like how they met
and why they're vlogging stuff so if you
guys want to check that out it's on our
channel you can watch it back it's an
hour and a half but we go through a lot
of great questions and everybody gives
their answers and stuff so it's kind of
fun to watch I wouldn't have liked to
watch other people do this so it was
cool so check it out if you want and go
ahead and subscribe to all those are the
channel is up for the vloggers are on
there they're all family vloggers so
it's great to watch hey guys thanks for
watching don't forget to subscribe
thumbs up and leave some comments below
so we can get to know you a lot better
and also if you subscribe this month you
get to be entered to a chance of our
chocolate talk if you give away so yeah
one of our subscribers is going to get
one of those boxes of chocolate for free
so yeah I look forward to seeing you
guys tomorrow and for now I guess we'll
see you in the comments have a great
night
you
