okay Avenue in Malachi you're gonna try
the Haiku strawberry flavor
so we just finished having quiet time
what do we watch for quiet time Rudolph
the red-nosed reindeer and what else did
you watch after Braille fell asleep what
did you watch yeah I see there's no man
I had Briana's been waiting all day for
me to play Barbies with her have you
been waiting a long time to play Barbies
with Vicky yeah and in a day I can step
up and I can laugh and you can whip me
you can what I don't know what you're
saying sweetie I said a lot laughs you
one time
what's up more what more what more milk
more milk Oh what
cookie the more cookie you already had
one
should I really give you another one oh
why should oh yeah yeah yeah
this little guy is like a Cookie Monster
Oh golden Oreo I guess I can give me one
of those
you guys have schools and Oreos in the
ring this Oh what do you say what do you
say say thank you thank you
so whenever you hear mom look what I can
do you get a little bit worried what are
you gonna do
I can't see whoa that was some good
swinging Levi come here Thank You Levi
come here what do you have on your face
I didn't even see that happen guys I'm
so proud of myself I work tonight and I
knew it would be a really busy rush day
too so I had to prepare my food ahead of
time and I'm so excited about it okay I
had cut up all my veggies and everything
ahead of time and I got all my chicken
cooked and diced up ahead of time so now
all I have to do is toss this in the
dish together and then pour my spaghetti
sauce on top and I'm making chicken
cacciatore how easy is that and I said
boil the noodles when it's almost done
so I just said goodbye to my good friend
Gill for the last time because she just
retired and it was really sad she was
getting all teary-eyed and stuff like
that and then I can't talk if I talk too
long then I started to get too right
so I try to keep it short and sweet but
I'm really gonna miss her she's a really
great person and she's given me so much
insight to different things that I would
never have been able to understand I
guess because of her experience in
the previous work position she's had of
stuff she's a very interesting person so
I'm really gonna miss you you know if
you're watching this I'm really gonna
miss you I hope that you have an amazing
retirement and I can't wait to hear
about all the great trips you've been on
hey guys so just a male making my pasta
for my chicken cacciatore tonight and I
had a question for you do you guys put
salt in your water for your noodles or
do you do without salt because I was
always told that a salt wasn't needed
for your for your pasta and it's energy
without salt so you don't want a lot of
salt in your system and then I watch
this show chopped and it's like this
some this cooking show and in it the guy
didn't use salt because he was told not
to and get all three of the judges were
like but like you didn't salt your water
before your noodles I contain I'm
supposed to be tasting the salt and I
can't taste it and they were like so
upset at him and they chopped him for it
and so I was just wanting what you guys
did do you put salt in your water or no
hey guys so I just picked up a parcel
and in Canada we can get our letters and
parcels and stuff like that from or from
the drug stores can you guys do that in
your country I'm just wondering because
it doesn't seem like a normal thing I
think cuz I don't think I've ever heard
of anyone else getting their stuff from
their drugstore but I don't know maybe
it's the same everywhere else in the
world okay so let's open up this thing
we don't really know what it is exactly
because I actually have a few things I'm
waiting for right now okay let's
miss Vicky and kids we have enjoyed the
nice know you guys Nick thank you for
answering all of my you guys enjoy these
treats from Japan hopefully one day we
can meet in person
enjoy look all three all three of the
kids have already grabbed one they're
trying to open them all three that's so
awesome
so these are called you write you yeah
but it's in Japan so these are the real
high - yeah guys these are the real high
twos so I actually heard of hi-chew from
Jim and Liz blogs it another look they
sent us some original ones for Japan
yeah sure we could try one hey guys
how's it going so you're probably
noticing that I'm walking a little bit
funny that's because I have a little
rascal that keeps climbing out of my
legs and wanting to watch you all then
yeah okay so I'm getting everybody
supper and levi's in his baby seat
Japanese and her big-girl seat and look
at Malachi what are you sitting in and a
baby seat
look he's bunk with himself in there and
everything why did you do that what what
like here you got too much food in your
mouth
okay Abney and malachi are gonna try the
hi-chew strawberry flavor go go maokai
try it you guys like it
oh sorry Levi you're too little you
can't have them how do you guys like it
is it delicious take jinx Jim and Liz
hmm thanks guys we really appreciate I
try to okay I'm gonna try and see how it
tastes
oh because I love it so much tastes
exactly like her birthday hmm they're
really good
do you want to hide you you can't have
fun yet you're Taylor you're too little
to have hi - hey I think he thinks I'm
saying hats you you can't have a height
you wanna play hockey I get good old
boys there you go don't you know come on
now eat me snapshot dear that's a boy
you have to be rated a is the last day
that you get a free red box movie at
through for the Thursday deal so I got
two movies I got transformers and the
new Expendables movie so yeah I'm pretty
excited about it so I'm gonna watch
Expendables by myself and then when
Vicky gets home from work we're gonna
watch the Transformers movie so it's
gonna be amazing I finished watching
Expendables 3 and it was exactly what I
thought was gonna be so it was good I
liked those kind of just stupid dumb
action movies were just senseless action
and violence it's tough so yeah it was
pretty good and so I'm just gonna get
everything ready for baking once you get
home I just did the dishes and now I'm
just gonna get everything ready so we
can watch the new Transformers movie I
want to see it's all bad
okay Vicky's about to try our first high
Q from Lindsay engine roars strawberry -
bugs strawberry
they're really chewy wonder why they're
called hyeju
I thought they tasted just like one of
your favorite candy - yum Yum's they
have a same time flavor as a gummy YUM
that's him texture I should send Jim and
Lynn's yummy yum yeah we're gonna send
you guys some yum Yum's
I don't know if they're in the stage or
not
because they're not that much in Canada
either there's only like two stories
I've ever seen them yes it's like a
rarity I bet he was in Japan though
because I think it's a Chinese or
Japanese
he lived in Calgary I always had to call
my mom and I expect can you mail me some
more yummy Yuans because they never had
them in Alberta and they're not called
yummy Young's radical think Oh yum Yum's
no yummy YUM I am II really yeah if
they're just yum yum
yeah yeah Mary's so fine meow meows
better sorry
so finally Vicki's here we're gonna
watch the movie in his way and I felt
that without everything to you hey guys
thanks for watching our vlog today and
don't forget to subscribe thumbs up and
leave some comments below so we can get
to know you a little bit better
also don't forget we're on Instagram
Twitter and Facebook so you can check us
out there and tonight as our huge hangar
with all the vloggers at 9:30 Eastern
Standard Time and that's about it
oh wait don't forget Toph if you give
away two of you subscribe this month I
just want to say to all our American
subscribers Happy Thanksgiving
