and we're lied hey everybody else boys
welcome to the first ever secret I can't
remember how to say it super secret hey
wow there's an epic fail University what
so yeah so what we're doing is just
hanging out and we got some of our loyal
followers here with us yeah um what's up
guys how's it going hey hey hey Jay jump
on right Jonah Jonah hey what's up Jonah
not much good you got with you here this
is my girlfriend Seana right Jonah Jonah
oh sorry Shauna it was a little leg
nothing okay it'll work so Jonah last
time I checked it was the invite for you
only so okay so we invited everyone else
that got into the competition but it's
not everyone has come in so i'm sure
they might just pop in throw as we're
going or whatever but if you're supposed
to be here and you can't forget how to
do it just send me a Twitter message and
I'll send you another link to join the
fame no super secret out so yeah
basically we're just gonna spend some
time with each go there and cha so um
kira and kelsey you guys want to maybe
talk about your channel a little bit
we're friends with them already so it's
kind of like a bonus that they got in
because we only did to me yet so I don't
know if you guys want to talk about a
little bit yeah we already like
subscribe to each other yeah I Tamir
Rice's vlogs today you guys are cool I
know talk about a channel oh yeah I got
it you like random stuff I guess yeah we
need more like you're gonna do more
challenge stuff and like kind of funny
videos cuz you have a good ideas like a
skit thing and so that's coming up yeah
but I don't know we just bug blog and
like we don't know we're doing so he's
gonna do it connects cutely thing no
well it was and then we're kind of like
hold on let's take a break is yeah I
like regrouping some stuff like went
down so we just kind of stopped for a
few days and then we just kind of do it
try and do it like everyone so well I
guess yeah oh I don't put up a video so
yeah totally wonder what the heck was
going on cuz you guys were doing like
kind of daily stuff and then all of a
sudden I would go back and just be this
no updates and i was like i know i just
stopped updating and then all of a
sudden there was like the slow motion
videos like oh yeah oh yeah it looks
like anything yeah we just like cozy
let's do this this is a good idea yeah
and then we just put it up so no no
we'll see you it's gonna go on but yeah
that's how what we do okay so Jonah
where are you from the Nova Scotia oh no
sir hey know that can you ever heard the
crowd oohs yeah yeah they're from Nova
Scotia too I actually didn't know they
were from Nova Scotia but I watch them
do you guys like live right by each
other don't even know yeah I wish we
lived by some youtubers to the land we
are let's keep meeting all these awesome
youtubers but none of them live like
bias okay we've met one but we were been
emailing back and forth trying or
something up but it's like we keep
missing the opportunity to get together
but we just not like one cool youtuber
that we take over to the house or
something here's Lee yeah hope you guys
lived in bc or like Alberta or something
yeah and it would have worked out but
nope yes oh you know why wait 50 pence
takes years ago we could have told
morning well yeah I don't know what
YouTube was yeah yeah how's a guy did
either no Jonah do you do videos at all
yeah I do daily vlogs owe me an I ain't
even checking on ya dude I'm surely
gonna have to come check out your
channel like it soon as this is over
what's your channel calls yeah all your
channel yeah it's a my uploaded life oh
nice oh yeah I totally seen it like
wanting to together you're like one and
two together unlike the two or two to
get away that's cool so we're good I
totally forgot we're talking to other
people too but aren't talking to us is
real people you're just listen so and
you're just watching this and you want
to ask a question or you want to say wow
Nick your wife is looking really pretty
today just go ahead and tweet it I add
Canadian family letter V and then I'll
get that tweet right here on my phone
and I'll be able to answer you last time
we were doing like live chat thing on
here but it didn't really work out well
it's kind of hard to use I don't know
yes I goggle bunch of comments last time
hmm so it was like make sure you check
the YouTube yes the diagnosis I means
done in TNT let's play you're so yeah I
could be so Vicki I are an expert at
doing this google live hangouts yet so
bear with me if for some reason just
like i feel i'm reading something so
Jonah how long have you been doing daily
vlogs uh it'll be 73 days tomorrow Oh
always hit the hundred yeah sweet
really I'm gonna get this is a joke is
my jokes from your way right look
everyone's laughing meet you okay
gaussian kara just sent a message to
save your life is looking gorgeous ah at
least we know you guys are watching Rick
were you lookin ass confidential Vicki
he's not very smart when it comes to
social media me neither that's me I'm
really good at Facebook I got a real
hard to understand at first yeah
whatever it's really confusing yeah I
don't even go near Twitter or Instagram
anymore oh really integrins really feel
like Instagram yeah I don't understand
tumblr oh we just be like I just got one
just to get one because people get them
and I was like I can't oh we get it said
I don't want just to get like so because
people get those yeah so now look like
one of my favorite authors i wrote
something for tumblr and i was gonna
read in on man and so worth it oh i have
a tumblr you want to follow me check it
out yeah yeah okay el Ã©xito said she
didn't get the invite let me see why you
guys keep chatting amongst ourselves I
chat amongst yourselves oh okay hey guys
what's going on you called chillin
you're cold I'm actually really hot but
we have big to big lights on us oh yeah
how's our lighting sucks so how is it
yes terrible alright agency or white
faces you're in my dark clothing too
yeah they're cute that doesn't really
help I can't see Nick's got some other
screen going on right now Oh
I'm trying to get alexic so into this
thing you do know it's Ali XOXO no i
honestly you're a good day thanks for
embarrassing in front of all my friends
Vicky Holly Thanks Oh hex oh yeah this
one only things my XOXO was on the floor
that was a capital a she's a mom she's
saying invite ok let's give that works
no Holly let me know that doesn't work
because i'll send you another invite I
don't know why why could she can hear us
but can't well I don't know that's
easier if I knew it this will be no idea
yes enjoy what would you guys say is
your biggest influence because you got
were all you two groups so this is kind
of like a vloggers hang out so as you
guys say would you be your biggest
influences into blogging starting with
Jonah uh shaycarl yeah yeah is there a
particular reason why I don't know just
like everything about him he's just
really outgoing and inspiring um mostly
like the weight loss and all that stuff
it's just really cool and he started
from the bottom and now's at the tops oh
it shows you that you can start from
where we're at and can make it to the
top that's why I think he's
inspirational yeah yeah he's really like
humble about bit too which I really like
yeah oh yeah and even like what all the
hate he gets it yeah did you did you
guys see our first our first hate
comment no you got one yeah Nick handled
it so well yeah yeah like what yeah what
they say what can they say bad well that
you were you're a spammie in the
channels like stop spamming everyone's
channels with your comments and then
they say have you effing idiot yeah it
was great I don't know you're very so
much for your comment oh yeah
okay oh my gosh you're such a popular
troll I can't be he took the time to
come and call a my channel I am so
grateful keep up the good work it must
be really hard to do that every single
day but that's how you got like you're
almost like a 800 subscribers so like
that easy yeah yeah I know like 300 and
500 subscriber party last week like a
thousand one soon it's crazy it is crazy
yeah but i'm using a pool that people
are checking out our channel i canna
like we're asking people to come see
Israeli people sometimes I often get
wall comment saying why do you comment
on over all these comments and i
genuinely like to comment what other
female yeah i watched other channels i
love to I love to watch the channels and
then I'll leave my comment to to the
channel but then I'll start reading all
the other people's channels and then
like I get into this zone we're like you
can ask Vicki like I'll get my laptop
and I'll just be saying or reading
comments you'd like Nick Nick Nick Nick
I'm like what I'm trying to comment here
like oculus in many people because it's
fun you get to know people look at us I
would never got to know either of you
guys if I just ignored the combat yeah
it's crazy I didn't push a Carlton to he
said oh well you're like I think he said
Philip DeFranco shop gave him a shout
out and then that's how he liked started
thank you discarded yeah but you just
started like clothes and stuff and like
it's crazy nice creampie growing you can
come minutes okay are usually you right
now here okay say hi grandma oh my god
Emma listen Canada the other from Canada
oh yeah meet your native language Thank
You Lee oh yeah they're from um you guys
are from mike toronto area right yeah
GCA yeah and then they're fugly Juna why
do you guys say where you're from Jonah
Nova Scotia yeah yeah yeah yeah you can
lobster
yeah and they thought Jonah do you guys
say a when you talk no no no they don't
know yep nothing yeah I bet you Jonas is
it ain't just doesn't even realize it
yeah well that's how our cousins do
they're just like I'm like okay like
pasta and we say pasta or lava not lava
what's wrong with that see you it's
weird you're looking at clothes though I
don't think that will fit right that's
like it's like a scrub top pay attention
to me well fine do you think it'll fit
that is the coolest scrub top I've ever
seen that popular monkey on it with ya
you're something i don't know it's I
don't that monkey okay has a name I
don't know I've seen it before though oh
I've seen in my netflix I see her well
I'll haha nice Pakistani girl okay so
Johnny you're obviously in the vlogs
with my uploaded life i guess a
sometimes more than me yeah sometimes
more than to actually times so how do
you like vlogging um at first it was
weird but ok now it's just hard to keep
up with a comment as I have my own
YouTube that I comment back so I don't
get the notifications when they comment
to me only Jonah does so Jonah has to
tell me something to me it worked hey
Holly hey
we join breakdowns like oh my god it's
not gonna work I think she's trying to
get comfortable Ali are you talking
because I can't hear you you can't hang
on maybe your microphones on you yeah
maybe I mute as she runs I didn't hit
now we can hear you guys hear me no I
can ya give me cheese from Nova Scotia
probably Blair store can we hear you
nollie I don't know can you know I can
hear ya we can't hear she hear us nod
your head here houses like that too oh
no sorry ok their video mute oh yeah it
doesn't we can't hear you I want to hear
you so bad it's ok wait just a message
oh you gonna tweet Oh looks frozen yeah
I think she's frozen oh no way he's gone
no it's gotta ditch so uh what are they
insane day she's ditched yeah this is
mine I'm out of here yeah oh she's bout
you back hey I charred right you guys
hear me now yeah ft
sold no because what Yeah right here
yeah so Ali where are you from I'm from
Colorado my cousin married on someone
from there yeah really like it but you
don't like it in Colorado Wow don't you
have like the mountains and everything
yeah it was not that pretty it's pretty
here in Utah or you guys too so you from
cholera it sounds like maybe you just
moved there and you hate it no yeah my
whole life or just leave I so busily
don't believe that me jump off of it no
do I don't you he always makes the
cutiest phasing supposed to mean yeah so
did you guys have any questions for us
what how do you guys to name your
children like obviously Malachi and Levi
and like but like what made you choose
those names that's nice what do you
wanna yes your Abba knees and I'll do
the voice okay so avenues name you guys
should leave his heart I was like right
here the camera okay let another one red
um avenues name I I actually um heard in
a dream when I was in great I didn't
hear it actually I saw it when I was in
grade 12 and it was just the letters AV
en i anointed one and a big rainbow and
it's just like oh that's so cool like
so much of it and then when I was
pregnant I just kind of knew that like
it was a girl and her name with the
Avenue because that's what God promised
kind of things the Rainbows comes one
yeah bit I don't how right they are not
given name so no uh yeah again that it's
actually an African me and it means girl
freak for whoa not yet another thing
about africans on the side note brother
josh is getting married to a girl from
Africa yeah crazy and so I'm the best
man in the wedding and so this is going
to be funny blogs when it comes up
because i have to wear there is what i
make sure the only African dances and
all kinds of crazy stuff I'll be holding
the camera Nora oh that sounds like fun
yeah we come yeah and then malachite
malachite we were when I vicki was
pregnant with a beanie we were convinced
that we were going to have a boy so
we're trying to figure our boys names
and stuff like that and I was spending a
lot of time kind of just praying about
like what name we should use and we
really believe that the way that you lay
the children is going to impact the way
that they kind of live out their life so
we try to pick a name that really means
a lot so mal that means messenger of god
mm-hmm we thought well this is an
evening so this is gonna be a perfect
name for him and who knows what's gonna
happen this see when I was praying it
with avenue um Nick told me that name
and I was like crap now we're gonna have
a boy cuz I just knew that it was inning
but I don't mean that crowd River boy in
general would not cause like I thought
it was a girl with Avenue you know what
i mean so i just doubted it I've news
didn't leave I was kind of like well he
like was actually it had to be ended an
eye since my Avenue Malachi both engine
I
I was like because you be all right
clear the news is Elijah woman get her
like this oh of course this doesn't
suggest is Levi and I was like imma like
it and it didn't like it either and then
we ended that after going to every
single name in the entire baby name book
pretty much we ended up saying let's go
fer leave I know but no no he didn't it
has a lot of biblical meaning to they
get back in the time when the lalit like
with all the different tribes when they
were banned from the promised land uh
the Levites were the tribe that was kind
of like the priesthood tribe so they
were in charge of making like teaching
people about God and being holy and set
aside and stuff like that so that's kind
of cool to leave I will be we imagined
him to be that type of person so cool
yeah you're asking there I said hey
again by accident was gonna say any
other questions how old is Levi revised
20 months now where is he 21 months he's
too in March she would work much cover
must was the last one 19 I'm an idiot
nice try forgive us before the 19
younger than 21 you should be sleeping
by now dude yes yeah he is so high for
sometimes I my ears like gosh you know
this is like one it's like live love
thank you and the real deal it's a no
yeah it is out cut okay okay guys
everything's okay he's like a sports
player okay no even more various like
you were like we can't buy guys watch
you don't you oh we got another person
joining jaffer or maybe not it's
up the city just join in any way are you
say night-night to them maybe that's
what you're doing when we put you better
oh you takes a night a night night Lucas
very cute what also though he's done hey
I'm an okay are you okay violence ok
let's talk trash about the guys got any
questions for me i am the star of the
vlog so no King no questions cuz me I
guess you don't mean what what what
means you want to start vlogging and
doing videos on YouTube um if you don't
know this already you probably don't but
I've been doing YouTube for two years
already and before this vlog and what I
did before was I would get camping
products from companies and then I would
try to mount test them and do some
review videos of them so that's what got
me into doing you too because I can tell
you the really in-depth version of this
is the shorter some of the version so I
got to youtube because of that and then
I wanted to start doing daily blog for
Vicky it was so hard to convince her to
do it like is the last thing she wanted
to do and so I finally said to her like
let's do it and I said if we can get
but I hunters subscribe members in the
first year then we'll do it like full
out and then she goes okay fine and
she's thinking her and like we'll never
gonna get 500 subscribers and so we just
started doing it and now here we are
over 500 subscribers so now she has to
do dishes have a choice no but she's got
to the point now where she's really into
it and she loves doing it and she's I
don't know you guys can even if you can
watch him for a while you see the
transition I think of Vicky being kind
of a little uncomfortable to now or she
just like right into them being on
camera and stuff but we had three goals
of doing a YouTube channel the first
goal of ours is to be able to show
people Christ through us though we're
all Christians if you can know and what
we want to do is have people to be able
to come to our channel watch it and see
then being a Christian doesn't mean that
you have to be like some weird crazy
different person you can just be a
normal person India Christian and still
have fun and live life and we kind of
want people to see that through us and
we hope that that message kind of gets
across with us without us having to jam
it down everybody's throat and the
second reason is because we wanted to
have a log of all of our kids when
they're growing up so because sometimes
you make videos and you're missing
things if you have annoyed I got that on
camera and now we get so much on camera
we could just go back any time I watch
it and the third reason is because of
the community like being able to get
subscribers and have people interested
in us so cool but I like to be able to
actually communicate with people so like
you guys doing this this kind of stuff
is like what I love to do being able to
just have people I've never met before
jump onto a Google+ like hang out I just
started started hanging out with people
like this is like a bunch like all of us
right now we would never ever been able
to me normally and here we are hanging
out having a good time so it's kind of
cool to be able to be in a community
like that and even like going on to
other youtubers channels and watching
their videos and being able to talk with
their subscribers and like getting to
know them like I don't care if people
come from their channels over to my like
sure that they want to that's great but
like I love just being able to go over
there and chat
which stage it's like the Shh ours I
don't know if you guys caught their
video today but they were making indian
food did anybody watch that you know you
saw it alia yeah that was a gift that
was a good one eh yeah I really liked it
so I went through all the comments after
and I was just like chatting with people
and there was all these people from
India that were chatting and they were
like saying things like oh this is
actually called this type of thing or
that isn't really curry it's this such a
name and they're like oh you should try
doing this recipe us up here's my phone
ringing I'm not be right maybe he at
that anyway so I got to go on like meet
all kinds of people from India like what
we're out in the entire world who would
i be able to go and be people romania
the three reasons why i started doing
YouTube yeah does that answer your
question yeah it did cool I was actually
nervous to come here to come onto this
hangout you have to know where is you
it's through video it still like meeting
someone in real life so as as nervous
yeah I know you mean like I've met a
couple of people on google hangouts and
stuff like that that I've never met yet
like we recently just started hanging
out with the jailhouse Flocka of you
guys ever heard of that but so they like
skyrocketed another channel so they
start off and they went from like zero
to like they're just under us or like
700 or they're just over us I throw
seven ninety years in a but like that's
just in a few months and so we're
thinking like whoa he could really know
what we're doing really a little nervous
to be though and then we met them on
skype just a few nights ago and they're
like super cool we started chatting with
them and like it went over so easily
like the conversations and stuff and
like I found that on youtube every time
we met somebody it's just been like an
instant connection kind of a friendship
because I guess we're all and we're all
kind of have the same view of life if
we're already using YouTube we want to
meet you people we want to be out there
networking
getting know people but I'm glad you are
you still nervous are you feeling kind
of comfortable now no I'm not nervous
anymore haha that's good so you see any
like I do you find the same thing like
after being over a few minutes you
already start to feel comfortable I find
it anyways so how I do you I have a
youtube like blog drink again you do and
yeah I actually just started vlogging
like almost 20 days ago so i'm waiting
doing much good night yeah if you and
you have to have one video and I was
like I was just like triangle there's a
little bit more still right yeah yeah
yeah he just had her stabbed like a
bigger camera than most people so it's
like her to hold it still but yeah for
sure my third trip recognize you when
you first came in here I was like oh she
looks really familiar i should know her
and then i remember that it was from but
yeah totally I think you have like when
you're talking and stuff like that your
conversation is really good the only
problem was it was gonna sleep yeah yeah
Nick yells at me for that but still he's
the worst for it she really talking and
then like the camera's not even pointing
at her it's like pointing down and if
she goes why didn't you put in that clip
that I made yet last night I don't like
because you're not even pointing the
cameras and nobody wants to watch your
shoulder for five minutes really worse
for it it takes a lot of practice so do
anything in cali yeah it's like really
hard to hold it and like it I feel like
I'm gonna drop it because it's like
brand new camera servers yeah is yours
like an actual video camera so I can
show you guys hang on it's um it's the
NX 3000 it's a samsung oh yes tell us
everything Kelsey I was like camera too
she's gotta go get a beaner I was living
up my money for like a long time and
when we went to France most recently my
my grandpa gave us like a hundred
dollars each and I use that money to buy
this camera nice oh yeah like this oh
yeah it has a little flash yeah and then
it's like a touch screen and everything
right there Oh mine's not touch screen
of the like newest one oh not yours like
your yellows oh yeah itz almost the
thing you're just super old I was
thinking that too kelsey many pulled
yours that I was like that looks like me
touchscreen who does that anymore you
can get this now follow me that's cool
is that the same camera because I've
never seen that camera like I've never
seen someone using it you guys happen to
have the same point oh yeah we have we
filmed some but not like all we do like
are still videos with that like not real
cuz like I would be really scary boy no
I don't know you can do it Ali guess
that's like I don't know it's just like
you just hold it off you're like oh
whatever it's because the screen is like
flip up oh yeah oh that is so handy yeah
otherwise i wouldn't use the add me too
hard yeah you know what i find helpful
with uh we have a DSLR to that would
take one of camping and stuff but if I
you can buy like little miniature
tripods are like this big yeah watch it
to the tripod first and then hold it
it's so much easier to hold it still go
pro yeah you can get them for cheap to
like temperature yeah I do not need no
we're to try so how did you want to plug
it in a little bit um well I just
started vlogging and it's just me that
does it so yeah what's your name Alison
but like I don't know how you can get to
the channel like on google+ you can find
it by typing in alley XOXO i'll leave a
link for it for everyone's channels
below 0 2 so if you're watching and
you're like oh I want to check out those
channels I'll put a link for everybody's
channels below in
comments after the videos over so if you
thought oh my i wish i can hang out
without like she seems like a lot of fun
but he can bring healthy fun too yeah
that's okay i'm done it so even you
don't even upload videos every day
anymore oh no so yeah that's cool so um
what is why did you start doing this
alley oh cuz you know I'm in my last
year of school at this like I've been
going to the school for about eight
years now it's my last year there and I
was like I was thinking maybe I should
document it and remember how horrible it
was and how good it was yes horrible
cars just mainly algebra but no yes yes
algebra is not fun it's horrible I can't
I'll my god it's what grade are you in
I'm in eighth grade okay really are you
look like so much older yeah yeah
obviously you're gonna say you're in
high school I got IQ uh oh wait yeah I
have an awesome idea for you Ali and
everyone else is watching don't steal
this idea i'm giving it to a tallit I
can't do it because I'm not a girl so
the idea is you do a vlog entry every
lick one time a week at tuesday or
thursday or something like that and it's
called dear future husband and so every
tuesday you make a video about things
you don't want your future husband to do
or things you wanted to be like so you
could be like dear future husband i just
saw a guy seemed even hold the gold door
open first girlfriend you better never
do that to me and that will be look at
the whole head tree so like you did not
like once or twice a week i would
totally subscribe to it a channel they
did I that'd be so much I'll be
interesting so i'm gifting that idea to
you mmm i want an idea you want an idea
we can do dear your brother-in-law this
one of my sister's husband to be like
okay that would actually be pretty funny
yeah any money I have I always come up
with these ideas but like most of time
walking thanks you can give them to that
two ebony when time comes around yeah
okay that fri bini be like what I don't
know go on I was gonna do a vlog I'll
tell you guys if someone wants to steal
it that's fine but just remember you
heard of here first need to be um i was
gonna call it dear daughter I was gonna
do the same thing as dear future husband
but then say a message to have any yeah
well I hope you do this or hope this I
hope that you always believe in yourself
or whatever right I actually was
thinking maybe like once a week could do
a vlog wherein like dear future self
like this is what happened and like I
don't know yeah I need to do that yeah
like dear future so I remember that too
always I don't know anything one yeah
your future Nick don't screw up
Santana's live on a google hangout plus
me that's a great idea that oh yeah
sorry are you going to do that are you
thinking about doing that um I might do
it am i doing it like every few weeks or
so I don't know cool yeah I think you
should and the cool thing is you could
use you have such a unlimited amount of
things that you can do because you're
just entering into high school so you
can do vlogs leak you can do a whole
series what it's like to to go into high
school so you can talk about oh man like
tomorrow's my first day of high school
and I'm super nervous because I've never
been there and I'm asking me all these
new people and then you guys planning on
being homeschooled for high school cuz i
just feel like it's too stressful and
especially because like my old school
i'm going to is like really protective
of people and I feel like if I'm
homeschooled
still have like that protection of like
being I don't know how to describe it
but like this glog out she only has like
a thousand people and it's k through
eight oh well wheat Kelsey and I'd in
high school our homeschool for our high
school like last two years of high
school whatever and i graduated a year
early so i'm like not supposed to be in
college right now but i am and so like
it's like a super good idea like we
really like title like online yeah and
it just really worked out for us like it
was super cool so that's a good idea
yeah and I also want to do it cuz like
there's been a lot of school shootings
and I don't want to like have to risk
that and like I could just be in the
safety of my house mmm that's cool yeah
yeah yeah that is really cool so you
could even do a vlog about what it's
like to do homeschool for your high
school experience yeah like that would
be that would still be an awesome blog
like today it was kind of boring I wish
sometimes I wish I could have some more
people didn't know or whatever I don't
know what kind of stuff you would go
through high school like that because I
didn't do it but that would be
interesting to watch mm-hmm the
stereotypes of homeschoolers or
something yeah other cocinera thinking
all those like I don't know yeah yeah
yeah sure that Kelsey Kiara would
totally be there for you ever any
questions or something like that they're
super quiet yeah we are super cool so
but I'm going into 9th grade year I know
it's gonna be really easy because my
school look really advanced like stuff
that people didn't learn until like 10th
grade year I've already learned like the
basics of it so it'll be pretty easy
sweet that's cool you're likely smarter
than the rest of this is what you're
trying to say yeah yeah I'm sorry but no
like the school is just more advanced
than like normal schools it's the best
in the district and yeah yeah but that's
Colorado the articles is that no like I
don't ok it's like the best school in
the district but I don't like it numbers
that I liked it he just turned on
tap right in the middle of our thing and
probably sounds terrible you are just
say nothing you something your name so
al are you doing it like are your
parents gonna like do it three or you
can feel like a charter school type
thing um I don't really know there's
like this one program in Colorado that I
really want to do my sister's doing
another program and she doesn't really
like it okay yeah don't I know you know
what I'm talking about i could see that
loud Jonah dude you've been so quiet
yeah just listening just taking it all
in soaking it up real quiet hair dos
cosas everyone cooler online mm-hmm so
do you guys think this is super secret
hangout is a good idea or what I thought
it was i liked it i was like super fit i
thought i was getting really but i'm
hoping lots of people get involved
because i wanted me like all of our
subscribers if that's possible but hey
well like not really any like big
youtuber like well you're a big youtuber
my eyes because you know like home as a
thousand sub yeah but dirt yeah yeah so
I mean I think that's super cool like
people like really wanted to meet you
like they have an opportunity to do that
I got no like shaycarl and like Charles
Trippy and stuff like that's a lot of
people to do that with but you're
starting like turn out and I think that
I know I think that's a cool idea yeah
yeah and also like i watch samokov vlogs
and like that yeah 500,000 or whatever
like I just I mean like I feel connected
to them but I don't because like they
don't do like hangouts with theirs
I whirs they do like those you now
things with Micah yeah yeah like this no
no I think that's gonna it they like
like do that but I think this is like
more like this the chat is always
spammed and like yeah they don't really
get a read what you're saying I don't
know yeah but yeah I like this I can
knit close-knit kind of but yeah yeah
that's what we want this we want to
create an environment where like I want
people to watch the vlog and enjoy the
vlog but I want to not only to watch
enjoy it I want to build it I care about
what they thinking stuff you know like
as I go I always try and respond to all
the comments within 24 hours so if i
ever get a comment i try to be a super
quick as possible to get on there and
respond to it because i wanted no I want
people to know like hey I appreciate you
taking the time not only to watch my
blog which is like a super awesome thing
like this someone would do that the
first place blows my mind and the fact
that they would sit there and write a
comment out to me like i love it so much
even the people to write the d troll
comments i thi--like way somebody would
come into my jail control me they must
think I'm superwoman people would care
enough to even read that route comer
they want to run written it totally yeah
and yeah I think that's okay I know um
you guys watch Sam Ania oh yeah actually
just wash them like a month ago oh yeah
oh my gosh i love them so much but um
they like they call me back on your
comments to and like the first time they
did I spring felt like I was so excited
that they actually calmed it back or
whatever but I think that's cool even
though they have like 100 k or something
they still like you know Kara like have
a conversation you know so I think
that's great I if they're watching Sam
India you guys are watching this right
now I haven't gone one response to any
of my comments yet calm down they
responded to like three of my comments
watch your sword everybody their mommies
on Twitter yeah your phone isn't twitter
and i bought like had a heart attack
yeah great oh yeah i think they don't
like me a little bit it's an image Jesus
so if you talk to them again be like hey
what's up
do you not like Nick or something like
listen yeah like whoa whoa what's your
but nobody likes Nick guys hate ah ok
why are we even here today I suppose you
think it's all about me Vicki Commodus
you would get a response right but I
want it III think I hope sometimes
because I comment so much hmm my
comments are I feel like they're very
genuine like I'm reading through and I'm
like getting genuine input of what I
paint and stuff like that I'm not just
doing it for the sake of doing it but i
hope this sometimes other vloggers don't
think that I'm just doing it for the
sake of doing it do I mean ya know yeah
I get it you know so we'll see we'll see
if I become a friends with any of them
if not they will know truth yeah all i
want to do is make friends yeah oh
mickey hmm so guys I'm super stoked that
you guys all made holds me and Ali I'm
really glad I got a chance to talk to
you cuz we only chatted briefly in the
comments yeah I like just found you guys
it's like oh yes more bloggers so it's
like 10 people at night so how did you
find us I went on Twitter and I looked
up like small families loggers and then
I found you guys no we came up when you
sure you're small playing family
bloggers or I searched up like family
vloggers and then yes Arnie nice family
and vlog in it that's kind of neat I'm
really glad you found us I like you yeah
yeah like well hey Jonah how did you
find us um I normally like much of full
moon in huffman ever common effect have
a channel and then go and watch their
videos and then look in those comments I
just find like a whole bunch of new
people to watch
yeah yeah that's cool that's actually
how I found Jim and Liz vlogs and it's
how I've done crow so pinkathon the
crows house that way and i think that's
it actually I thought it was way more
than why I started listing it was it is
big but I'm actually becoming really
good friends with both of those two
blockers which is super cool and I hope
that we all get to become closer friends
after this too and i genuinely mean that
so like if you ever have questions or
anything for me or whatever just me
really yeah Mickey I want to probably
know to like if you direct a comment
like to me I will be the one to answer
it like nick tells me they'll say hey
there's Pullman's for you on there
otherwise is always ignore other I think
but yeah if you ever see them I always
read them if you ever want to talk or
something that have a question just let
me know I behalf more than happy to talk
with you even if you have like a
question like this seems like simple or
something like send it my way me errors
so hard it do something when you don't
look at real life you just look at it in
the camp I'm gonna try have a dream
brilliant here I just have like a snack
craving and I wanted to make some juice
Matt's when Nick got mad at me so making
juice yep yeah success you're so
talented yes so yes in case you guys are
wondering um Casey and Kiara are an eye
and Jim Ellis vlogs are going to be
launching some pretty cool stuff next
month we're getting a devotional channel
and so what that's going to be is our
daily devotions that we normally do are
going to be posted on youtube so people
can come and if they if you want to read
the Bible or something like that but you
don't have time or you're trying to get
plugged into a ministry that as Bible
studies you don't have time this is
gonna be a spot that you can come watch
our stuff and maybe get a little bit of
your devotional time it's gonna be sweet
yeah we're super fun tom yes
so they email me there's already and I
haven't got a chance to watch it but
when I do is help you can stressing out
about that real bad oh are you stressing
out because I didn't respond yet okay
all good I know Vizier don't worry okay
I seriously in planning to watch it it's
not like I don't want to the last few
days have been so jam-packed with
Nikki's got another meetup in five
minutes that was private is no one likes
and she talking about the Bible study
one that we were just talking about but
some yeah so we're just busy all the
time it's a free this is my new life but
what oh yeah well then we're spending
time together to go i'm gonna go ahead
and end this now cuz almost nine and
Vicki's got that other one at five
minutes so if you guys want to just take
one turn at a time and just kind of plug
your channel one more time before we get
off maybe you can get some more people
come check you out so do you wanna start
we'll start with Ali okay um so I just
started logging and you can't really
access my channel through YouTube you
have to go to google plus I don't know
why and you just type in alley XOXO and
in my blog is just me working hey Jonah
you want to plug your channel it's uh my
uploaded life but if you type it in you
have to type it in my uploaded life JD
I'm not sure why but that's just how it
is and totally my face all the time oh
yeah log I've lucky every day I'm in
every blog yeah nice good Mary
eight so Karen Kelsey all right oh where
K times to vlogs if you just type in K
times to blogs then we will come up and
yeah we're sisters who just do blogs and
a bunch of everything sorry we don't
daily vlog are bad but we're just you
know just kind of started and just get
it for fun so check us out pretty cool
well we say we're cool actually cool but
I think they're brief I think you're
cool I can't bear that I compare them to
the Duggars so if you like the dog
they're gonna like that because I don't
know why because every time i watch any
other videos all i can think about is
the Duggars side early here I don't know
how long ya love it here God yeah um
what's that Christmas reviewer Oh
sisters sisters didn't even yeah you
guys are watching white Christmas mm-hmm
so every time you guys say we're sisters
all I can think of is when sister the
two of them or do that's gonna do papa
well yeah great oh yeah yeah sweetie
alright cool well thanks everybody for
comment checking out and you're watching
really appreciate it if we miss one of
your questions I'm really sorry I'm
really still just getting used to this
whole google plus hangout thing and I'm
going to work really hard next time to
make sure it's super better if that's
easier better something you can say boo
get her all right
