this one's being a little bit of monkey
here
hey guys so today is an exciting day got
a burning off to school she wanted to go
to school today I said that she could
come with us to the mall but she said
that she wanted to go because she has
her her jungle sport gym thing all week
it was like a rock climbing wall and
everything so she was like no i'm
totally going to school mom which is
great and but Malachi's it's his off day
anyway so he's coming with that and I've
got Levi and we're going to go and meet
my cousin Missy and in her little boy
Palmer I'm really really excited and you
guys will get to meet her too she's
awesome and we're actually third cousins
but were super super closed he was in my
wedding I was in her wedding and yeah
we're just really close we always try to
get together whenever we can because we
like hanging out with each other we're
here and I totally I saw the car in the
parking lot this car right here and this
looks like just like the car that my
cousin drives but nobody is in it
there's nobody in there so I texted my
cousin was like are you here yet what
car you driving and I shouldn't
responded so then I called her and then
she's already inside the mall and um so
I was like I was like oh we were inside
and I thought her me in the parking lot
she was like oh yeah but I got here cuz
I didn't want to be stuck in traffic and
I was like what car did you drive and
then she told me it was this car so I
was right and I parked beside her car is
not so cool I back so what are you doin
mr. oh you're the cutest giggle and look
at you you took your hat and your boots
off Brady goes well blows ice okay okay
you're just meet her at these doors so
we'll see if she's here she doesn't know
she's gonna get flogged
join me on the vlog today
ah that's it going good to see you
taking a quick little break for lunch
okay what do you do with your french
fries Thank You game why are you
breaking them apart it's like oh you're
so smart you're right it goes down a lot
faster doing that I'm Palmer what are
you Ed
your hand does that taste good is that
we're gonna have for lunch oh yes it
does it best he's good time it Levi's
got his french fries Eve are you dipping
your french fries in the ketchup but
seeing and dip dip dip
there he goes oh yeah good job oh you're
a good french fry eater I just said like
I know 15 minutes on the phone with them
at office for sauce mock because I could
find my receipt and I came all the way
down here and they have the boots that I
wanted member I'm the last vlog a couple
weeks back I guess we showed you those
boots at the bows on the back and they
didn't have my size and I was so upset
well they have my size here and so I
brought my other boots which I haven't
worn because I've been like yeah I just
kind of settled for them I wanted to
exchange them and they would let me send
my receipt I had to call head office and
get them to send the receipt via email
so that was a big pain in the butt but
now it's done we're gonna go and get
them and then I'll be happy again what
Malachi found what is it Malachi it
looks like the cart from mario kart got
em on it and from Malachi that would be
so cool Oh what else did you find that's
a thousand dollars i don't think that
will be happening anytime soon can you
dry no none of it can drive there's some
pretty cool cars here that's the closest
you're gonna get to one Malachi is so
excited he saw this motorcycle and I
wants to ride it and it's so awesome
because there's two other ones to leave
I can go online Tom working 11 I was so
excited I
Levi will be he didn't like the
merry-go-round at the fair so we'll see
okay here we go okay I'm gonna go can
you push that I understand by Levi here
he loves it matter is that cool you
riding a motorcycle this palmer like it
is that fun are you and the foot are you
in a fire truck big truck hey
oh really is that fun goodbye was that
fun levi's you want it again he says
again you guys hear the music Christmas
carols inside the ball this one's being
a little bit of monkey here
right your bum I heard his bum dries
look it here it is bum we're just
getting a movie ready for the car ride
home we have one hour and total dog will
get at me from school so we're hoping
room hit any traffic leaving at two that
we think will be okay hey guys what's up
so we have the crazy as busy week this
week tonight we're meeting up with some
youtubers having our first super secret
hangout and for some reason two of you
guys got put into the spam box it should
have been in so we're gonna have two
extra people this week I haven't
messaged the net but they're gonna get a
message Friday we're having a giant
Google Plus hangout with Jay house blogs
the bottons ah the Krause house jimmy'll
is vlog and the Simpson family all five
of them are gonna a huge Google+ Hangout
to any one of you guys can come a watch
so that one's going to be this friday at
nine thirty p.m. eastern standard time
so if you want to check that one out
make sure you come and check us out at
that time so yeah we have a lot of girl
live hangouts coming up this week so get
ready guys what are you guys doing over
here means so noise you want to try to
make a video fighting is they go
fighting the bagels are you talking
about how you fight with bangles you
fighting this it's like a sword fight
such a goofball you're a goofball to how
is your jungle thing today yeah what do
you mean what they do they made a rock
climbing ha awesome did you make it to
the top this time you touched that right
way yeah I'm when you're on the rockland
you got a book turn around on the corner
tickle my IRA what that sounds hard I'm
he's doing this thing at her school
where it's called like jungle time or
something jumbo spores it's called
Jungle sports and what happens is you'll
go and you have rock climbing you have
challenges and you have to like swing on
ropes and just do all kinds of fun stuff
after lunch recess they get to do that
every day
isn't that cool which knows noses hey
where's mommy's news levi's news oh
don't grab the camera you got the
cameras notes you get in there knows I
got your news hey guys thanks for
watching don't forget to subscribe give
us a thumbs up and leave some comments
below if you want to get to know us
we're having a Google+ live hangout
tonight with a bunch of the subscribers
they won the first little super secret
hanging out thing that we're doing if
you want to be a part of that is tonight
eight o'clock p.m. eastern standard time
come and check it out also on friday
we're having another google plus live
hangout with j house flogs the Krause
house um Jimmy Liz blogs the Simpson
family and the box oh yeah you're gonna
have to come and check that up because
it's going to be a lot of fun that was
at nine p.m. eastern standard time this
friday so we'll see you in both bills
have a great night
