hey guys so if you're watching this
video right now don't forget to come and
check us out tonight we're having a live
google+ hangout and you can come and ask
us questions or whatever and we're going
to be celebrating reaching 500
subscribers I know you're thinking dude
you're 600 we somehow got like 100
subscribers since we announced a 500
subscriber party which were super
grateful for so thanks for checking us
out but yeah tonight nine o'clock p.m.
eastern standard time come back here
watch the live hangout participate in
discussions it's gonna be awesome that's
a fun looking forward to it yeah yeah
hey guys talk about a rushed morning I
found out my Nana and pop are coming to
visit today so I'm like quickly like
vacuuming trying to tidy up dusting I'm
just now gonna wash the floor and it's
already ten to eleven they're gonna be
here like really really soon so I hope
it dries before they come also but I
can't come up yet go see my mom
downstairs first but we'll see hey this
would be a good visit they're coming up
to to give Malachi his birthday present
and just you know come up with a nice
visit my family's off for school and
yeah look at me myself and me clean are
you helping oh thank you leave I good
job I was it my turn now thank you
levi's having lots of fun playing with
my papa's hat Brielle has it on right
now very nice for y'all owe me I get to
I can't even turn sipani of I said well
oh nice oh she's modeling in it oh yeah
it's very nice news bring out oh oh yeah
Levi's going crazy dude are you doing
some break dancing oh wow Levi's break
dancing for you okay entertaining when
we bought it new a hat could be so much
fun oh so I am in the car on my way to
ABBA nice cool because they just called
to say that she has a headache and that
they seemed like she's like getting
worse as the day progresses like she's
not like really complaining a lot about
it where she just kind of mentioned it
before and said 'you know how you your
headache does get worse than you're like
you can't handle it that's what she's
like so I'm gonna go pick her up from
school I'm just really really grateful
that um today is a day that my mom is
home so that she can watch the kids and
I could his lip over in the car and get
hurt and so back home from getting a
bini and she's just sitting here having
some lunch and then what are you gonna
do after lunch Avenue I'm gonna go lie
down yeah I gotta lie and I guess and I
give and I get up five fall swings and
but first I get water show here I guess
haha ok what are you gonna do after oh
ok Wang day you're gonna stay up all
night yes she doesn't want to sleep no
Braille turned three so now her nap
she's like uh-uh not happening so she
just has quiet time with us now not on
the chair yeah what do you want on the
chair for ah no I'm there you're talking
so much more now get ready big jump Oh
what do you want to see hey what do you
want it hey we want you to dinosaur
what's gonna tie this guy's we're
growing a dinosaur in the bowl well he's
getting big well ok you see em do you
see the dinosaur yeah Oh rawr mom she
can bake yeah yeah you right down now
huh y'all done go Oh what's the dinosaur
say that's a good way so this tank econo
size of rice was a great idea in the
store when it was such a great price i
got at costco of course a big wholesale
and now i realize it's not such a great
idea cuz look how big the hole is so
hard always the poor that
measuring cup very hard can you tell
I've raised all over the place yeah
maybe it wasn't such a good idea oh hey
guys so today's Thursday you know what
that means November redbox Thursday's if
you type in redbox at their little boots
and stuff like that you can get a free
movie I feel like I'm an advertisement
for them because last thurs i did this
evening but i don't just so you know I'm
not sponsored by them but i do like free
movies so this week i got a man for a
most wanted man have you guys seen that
movie leave in the comments below i'm
gonna watch it tonight and i think is
gonna be awesome Vicki didn't want to
see it to be honest he ever really saw
the preview looks really awesome so and
this is gonna see a preview later like
oh I want to see that like oh yes i want
i saw Jubilee what do they do so without
me that's what she's like yeah so that's
what i'm doing right putting the kids to
bed and then watch that movie hey guys
so we're just getting our jammies the
stuff on then we're going to sit back
watch a little bit of a show and hit the
sack because everybody started having
had a headache today and laughs I stay
at home and leave I see home but
everybody had a little bit of a nap but
they're all a little bit tired right now
I'm better a little bit you are your
head doesn't hurt anymore no I can bet
your domestic I still hard I'm worried
about them oh yeah so you get ready for
bed oh my goodness oh my goodness okay
go right look at Levi it's picking it no
can you guys so funny dumb hey hey hey
you're hovering right there hey get down
on it ass hey get that out of there
that's so funny what little kid Justin
picks her nose and laugh so hard about
it and so I just finished a man wanted
most and FYI boringest movie I've ever
seen in my entire life do not watch that
movie it was like so slow and there's so
many scenes where they're just like
dragging it out people aren't even talk
under stand there quietly I'm so there's
no music or anything playing to get your
self like into the scene or whatever it
was so boring do not watch it Vicki's
gonna come home and she said she wanted
to watch it I can say you watch if you
want but it is lima lame it was the
worst movie so yeah that's my opinion
let me know if you think any differently
hey guys thanks for watching this video
and thank you for all you new
subscribers Vicken are blown away by the
nice comments that we've been getting
every day on our youtube channel and it
is amazing so keep commenting if you
want because we're loving it and we are
loving being able to talk with you guys
and get to know you a little bit better
so go ahead and sit hit subscribe if you
haven't already and we look forward to
seeing you tonight at our Google+ life
hang out at nine p.m. eastern standard
time see you then
