oh my God look you came to visit this
year
you
hey guys so we're going to give Malachi
some birthday presents before everyone
else starts to get here
we love you happy birthday mmm so we
just wanted to give Levi are I mean Levi
what am I talking about here we just
wanted to give malc I his presence
before everyone else can we give them
their presents so yeah now we go so we
gotta hurry because the everyone's
coming in one hour Vicky just got
herself ready so here we go let's
let's do this here's the birthday boy
and his new spider-man shirt move your
hands for a sec but I mean go Spidey are
you spider-man yeah so we've got some
decorations up and got some red
streamers not maybe was just like a wet
with them well you never told me make a
web with the streamers oh there goes my
I'm still sick oh hey party he's a
little bit grouchy guys okay guys I just
finished the most stressful morning for
me I don't know why maybe so stressful i
was being a jerk I'm frustrated
everybody I feel really bad even Avenue
was like dad why don't you just pray
that God will help you not to be so
stressed out and sounds like so i did in
and i'm gonna try i'm going to make an
effort a cognitive effort to change my
mindset for today and have more of a
positive morning a more positive day
from this point forward I will not be
grouchy so yeah Vicki is doing a great
job so everything up you can watch her
spider-man birthday party video that
she's gonna pose to show you all the
stuff that she did but we're gonna have
a lot of fun today don't come on up guys
look at the chaos that regime s
going to this cider hey Nick em on yet
the building so you have to throw it and
trying to get it stick on the building
so you just throw it out the window oh
yes I'm the building okay oh my God look
you came to visit perfect it's very come
to your party he came to say happy
birthday to you cool eh hey hi spiderman
spiderman cool a SWAT no spider-man i
heard also does impressions and he
probably could do an impression of
Nick's voice mmm sure your impression of
Nick's voice by man hey hi guys my neck
really hit that sounded just like Nick
by man yeah by firemen
do i plug but you've got our pizza you
want peace okay does a lot of us gets
pizza first okay god I thank you for
Malachi and for blessing us with this
perfect little boy and I pretty you just
continue to give him an awesome date and
bless all this food to our tummies in
Jesus name Amen 27 happy birthday to you
happy birthday dear
you blew a good job like rock ice
testing out his new Batman walkie-talkie
look don't worry you I found the girl
let go let's go sit in here what's the
button it done this to be right if you
wanted ok guys so the party is finally
over the parade is over and we are tired
really tired so a venir Malachi's
cousins are sleeping over downstairs at
Grandma's house and abney and McLaren
probably sleep down there too so that
means we kind of get a break hey mickey
we kind of get a break from the kids
tonight I guess we should watch a movie
Levi will be up here but everyone else
beat us here so that would be nice ok so
i got Malachi Norv gun and I just shot
Vicky and she got all mad so now she and
shoot me back but I only pumped it three
times ok so I pump this up as much as i
can now i'm nikki gets a turn to shoot
me for her only gave it like three pumps
now she's like pumped it to max oh it
doesn't vary hey are you serious right
now I was scared more than I was her it
desired it doesn't non-skid it doesn't
hurt maybe I hate you in a weird spot
yeah like right here it stinks a little
tiny bit but it doesn't hurt testing a
sting is a hurt it does have a sting but
it doesn't hurt for a long time after
mine mine's going oh really but it was
there longer than you i'm gonna shoot
you again don't mess with me is our new
obedience again whenever they can
whenever the kids get outta line we just
give them a shot hey guys so Vicki and I
are gonna go watch our movie have a
little date night because the kids are
sleeping with grandma's place downstairs
and it's gonna be awesome then we'll see
you guys tomorrow and
that's it I don't know everything else
is a hey guys if you haven't already
subscribed go ahead and click that
subscribe button leave some comments
below because we want to get to know you
a little bit better and give us a thumbs
up if you liked this video plus if you
haven't already we're on social media
everywhere so right Instagram or on
Twitter we're on facebook check out
those spots if you want some bonus
content and for all of you new
subscribers out there thanks for
stopping in we really appreciate you
guys coming and joining the community
see you tomorrow
