what are you guys looking at oh the
seers wish book
I'm not sure Vicky had a good sleep last
night cuz she woke up and came to lie
down into my bed and fell asleep Mickey
wired she's awake and happy and running
around because I together six it's p880
and they got up selfie somebody I you
see she's forcing my bed p a day they're
all up there all right around already go
so we have a spider-man birth part from
a page well he's really excited for it
and we got a lot of cool stuff to show
you and Vicki's putting together a vlog
for the spider-man a party only so you
can stay tuned for that but check it out
it's finally snowing I'm so happy is
snowing outside good morning guys it's
friday and the kids are all home because
it's a PA day and they totally did not
get the memo to sleep in on a PA day
they were all up at 6am so it took me a
while to get going with my day to get
motivated to do stuff but today is such
a crazy day I so much going on and so
much to get ready I've got my camera
chef show to get ready for tonight so
I've got to like pack up on my tools
make sure I have everything the recipe
all that kind of stuff it says a little
bit of a process and then I need to
clean my house for Malachi's party
tomorrow and I would also have to do my
goodness so much stuff guys it's just
like dissident Lee ah ever have those
days and you're just like you just took
on too much and you're like what was I
thinking yeah what was I think evening
pampered chef show before my son's party
you guys got the mouth of my house can't
see that what is him in oh there you go
guys Oh gross me out I get that out of
my house mm-hmm what are you two up to
getting some steps Oh Hugh are you doing
what do you have I have bean bag purse
tell me to know but what is it what are
you guys looking at oh the steers wish
book what are you guys doing all the
train
31 x rays are you like a dream thing
what are you doing Malkar you were you
what are you putting beside stuff I let
her em for Malachi oh my goodness very
cool guys she did it 84 she mom does
this different I'll send off that looks
pretty much more manager I don't want
phone this I'm mom I Gonski oh oh it's
pie-der-man Josh I don't know 1000
simony it's the most wonderful time oh
yeah for kids anyways for adults that
could be the most stressful time of year
to live blog don't mind the mess it's
been a chaotic day I'm just in the
middle of making the Malachi's cake and
leave I used to be terrified of this
blender and I'm always mad at me and now
he like is so eager to use it you want
to use the blender oh ok here we go
good oh dang good job is that fun yeah
all done I decided to get dressed like I
put on like you know pants is under my
pajama pants and you know as soon as you
do you get something on them well I'm
cleaning out my fridge because I need to
make room for the cake to go in the
fridge because we like our cake cold and
there's obviously no room and I drink
one for drinks and all that can stuff so
taking out like leftovers everything on
the fridge and I'm pulling one of the
things out and a cup of milk calms down
and spills all over look at my water
covered in milk all up down the fridge
so now I have more to do hey guys so I
just got my favorite salud gourmet food
with my favorite restaurant big boom BBQ
does that not look so good leave I want
some of the french fries and I will give
us something but I was just about to use
some ketchup and then I can't stop
thinking about the shaytards commenters
they kept talking about ketchup and I oh
it's so bad for you so full of sugar I
don't eat it and now I really want to
have ketchup but I keep thinking oh it's
so bad for maybe I shouldn't but at the
same time having a coke so who cares I
don't know what to do so the girls went
to go do the pampered chef party
together it's just the boys here tonight
to watch how to train your dragon we
gonna watch libas got his cookies you
want your cookie cookie mmm yummy holy
 popcorn all time yeah they're your
cookie oh yeah oh boy hey guys so the
dragon movie turned out to be too scary
so I'm going to turn off watch the lego
marvel movie instead but yeah well guys
in bed and now I have to do a whole lot
stuff out to clean the entire bathroom
clean the kitchen and make that cake
before Vicki gets back because that's
what she asked me to do so changes get
ready for the party so yeah it's going
to be a busy night so I probably won't
too much for vlogging today hey guys
thanks for watching that video and if
you haven't already please go ahead and
click the subscribe button now so you
can join this community part of it and
please leave some comments below so that
we can start to top it
need to know each other a little bit
better and you haven't already we're
also on Instagram Twitter and Facebook
so you can check us out there too if you
wanted so tomorrow is going to be
Malachi's birthday party so get ready
for that it's gonna be so much fun as
spider-man birthday party All Right see
you later
