oh here's the Christmas Town
guys I'm going to go rent some movies a
red box with check out this Franky truck
oh it's getting gas here and it totally
rocks
hey good cool truck okay so I rented
godzilla from the redbox thing cuz if
you live in Canada I don't know if this
is us too but if you go to redbox on a
Thursday this month and you type in
thursday as a promo code you get a free
movie rental so I'm like I'm totally
going to rent some free movies so I
rented that movie today and I'm totally
gonna rent the new transformers movie
next time but also I'm saying they're
going to rent the movie and the guy who
runs the gas station comes running out
and he's like hey and look he gave me
for free movie rentals so I can use
those anytime between now and the end of
the year and I get a free movie rental
so Brielle just got here and she knows
the Christmas trees in the living room
is she's so excited got our eyes closed
gonna come in and see it ok here take my
hand he's comes I Gabriel open your eyes
what do you think no way do you like it
you do do you think it's pretty mm-hmm
the boys chef brio yeah there are you
wait here ah what's your special today
uh-oh a donut oh yeah oh and some bread
mm-hmm thank you let's see you guys good
mmm yum yum yum Hey Oh y'all dead yeah
thank you for lunch Oh
you will way by someone is out at the
store yesterday boy us didn't see that
video Nick cut it open Amy's I was at
school and they had my favorite quality
street candies and for 15 bucks and I
was like oh I don't think I could spend
that sometimes I go on sale of like 11
or 12 I think I'll just wait and then I
went to a different store and they had
them on sale for 1199 so I totally was
like yes so I'm totally gonna enjoy what
right now and I know these ones are like
they're really really good top he was oh
so these ones these ones are like the
toffee whatever they're called I gotta
look I can't remember every year on my
blitz what color I guess this one's my
favorite this one's my favorite and this
one's my favorite I like all the caramel
toffee 10 good what's your favorite you
guys must know what called yes I don't
know what do you think when the last me
till Christmas and them mmm I'm not
happy yeah guys that wasn't the toffee
when you won with that one okay it
totally looks like it was the toffee one
right toffee deluxe wait I was the
orange cream look that looks like a
circle and that's Oval so how does that
make any sense subscribe
two of luck so if you know me you know
that I'm a big YouTube commenter so like
I love going on to people's comments
commenting on what they say I love going
to other people's channels and
commenting on what people say from the
videos they watch so like I'll watch
like for example like Ellie and Jared
and I'll go through their comments and
read them because this is just something
I like and I'll comment on a probably a
lot of the comments just because i don't
know i like the participation of youtube
like that and today I had somebody
comment on one of my comments on another
channel they're like do you have nothing
better to do then they go through all
the comments and comments on every
single one and I was like I responded
nose like no I do this pretty set I
really don't have anything better to do
newbies and breakdancing ruse whoa cool
miss you'd kill me yeah I love it when
babies are like so spontaneous and just
do something that just makes you laugh I
just love it so much hey guys so me and
malachi are going to i guess has poor
english Malachi and I are going to turn
this space into a Christmas town here's
the Christmas time
hey guys just want to give a shadow to
my big brother James it's birthday today
a happy birthday Jay I love you so much
and I can't wait to hang out with you
again hey guys how's it going thanks for
watching this video today we really
appreciate you guys coming by stopping
in checking out this show and also don't
forget to subscribe you and already
subscribe leave some comments below so
we have conversation because it's like
one of my favorite things to do if you
don't already know and also follow us on
instagram facebook and twitter if you
ever already done that because we do a
lot of extra bonus content on those
places so yeah that's it and we'll see
you guys wrong
