I you
hey guys so I'm trying to get off of
drinking coke and like pops and stuff
like that so yesterday I tried this
water is called 10 dream lime and it is
so stinking good so I thought I'm gonna
see if I can get like a six-pack of
these things or something so I found six
packs but they only have lemon and
raspberry so I'm gonna try to limit see
how it tastes but i sent a question for
you guys this thing's have forty percent
40 milligrams of sodium and 60
milligrams of potassium and i was just
wondering is that like is that healthy
or as ills are those like unhealthy
amounts of things to having a drink that
you're having and is better than pop
though right I don't really know I don't
understand that whole healthy type of
stuff like I would have to do a lot of
research to figure it out but I thought
maybe one of you guys might just know
the answer so Nick cut out part of video
that I did yesterday and in the video I
was showing you guys the sky and how it
was like all like white spotted clouds
and I was like oh I think this means
that it's gonna snow and then today it
totally snowed but you guys missed it I
could have been like Oh called it and
knew it was gonna snow but Nick's edited
it out so I even get to see that but I
was right just saying us so i don't know
if you guys know this or not but Mallett
face birthday party is on saturday and
so tonight is my only night like at home
to like get stuff that i need for the
party because i have like I still have I
have like all the decorations and stuff
I need to go buy the stuff to make the
cake I need to go buy stuff I'm for
games like you know like a dollar store
stuff I get loot bag still like I you so
much to do still so I think tonight I'm
gonna have to like go out again I won't
drag the family out this time though um
and go get that kind of stuff so my
little french girl to my french girl
look her shirt says tres tres chic very
cool look at you made this of our family
so there is lapeyre mom air muah what's
wrong again me right luffy and luffy
there's her brother see Levi has a dark
hair Malachi's the blow
here in this Avenue with her blonde head
up high there's mummy with her look at
her lips and there's daddy mommy's gonna
write down a secret message for daddy
getting on your thumb okay that would
now I hire not dead she wants to write a
message baby can't see whoa you did you
see it yeah I love you dad that's
awesome that's creepy and then you can't
see it oh and there you guys today it's
really cool I that's neat I know right
solar UV pin I know I told her I get one
for a Christmas present for who for me
oh yeah this is a reality envia end of
it would like it oh we don't watch the
vlog i subscribe to my vlog okay so
sunny side up from is one of our
subscribers she's a pretty new
subscriber to you so what's up so inside
and so she wait and found out what ab
knees book from yesterday's vlog avoid
sit on it because it's in French and it
says colors of the rear end or colors in
the rainbow thank you that's so sweet of
you I knew it was something color yeah i
did say color I got another right okay
so yesterday at ab knees book fair she
bought a whole bunch of frozen posters
and now for putting the knife in her
sick in a bus so putting them up in her
bunk so this ab me sleeps on the top
bunk if you didn't know that right at me
this is where every sleep so she should
give us some posters all on their walls
so make it a little girly / it's got all
kinds of frozen posters so we'll show
you what it looks like over me okay AB
mean I finish up all the posters and
she's going to show you what they look
like here it is
these are frozen bedroom and what do you
see when you lie down and go to sleep
what do you see when you lie down up
there in the room awesome do you like it
I was dough for literal up cuz when they
first look up there kind of like right I
owe you a little bit okay well more
adjustment then we're done hey guys
what's up so I'm just going through some
of the comments on our vlogs recently
and we've gotten a bunch of new
subscribers and you guys have said some
like super nice stuff and I just want
you to know that I really really
appreciate the comments when you guys
leave like awesome comments it makes me
feel so good like Chris bat said OMG yes
let her go she is so cute and I love
your channel look I'm just like it makes
me feel so good when i read that another
one isabella padilha it said I gave your
channel a shot because you play replied
to me and now you're one of my favorite
vloggers I'm like what what are your
favorite bloggers thank you so much was
like the coolest thing there's like
another one I wanted to read to you and
see if I can find it Sophie Graham she
said your family is really cool I've
only been watching for a week but every
time i watch your videos i can't wait
for the next one i hope you get more
subscribers into use in the future
because you are all really nice Thank
You Sofia is like this coolest thing you
can say so like everyone's been leaving
like these really awesome comments below
and I just wanted to give a few viewers
shadow just to let you know hey you guys
are awesome thank you guys so much if
you're a new subscriber we really value
your subscriptions like like genuinely
value it and not only because we want to
get bunch of subscribers because yeah
that's cool who doesn't want that but
because we want to have conversations on
the comments and stuff and if you've
been around for a while you know that
there's not one comment that's been out
there that I haven't even responded to
so yeah if you're here and you haven't
commented yet go ahead and comment
because for sure I haven't talked to 300
people yeah and we have over 300
Williams have 400 subscribers hey guys
thanks for watching the video today and
don't forget to hit that subscribe
button you haven't
subscribe and hello to all the new
subscribers month with beginning a bunch
of subscribers so welcome and don't
forget everyone to leave comments below
because we will respond to them because
we want to get your guys thoughts and
opinions and stuff so we can get to know
you a little better and also we're on
instagram twitter and facebook so if you
want to follow us on those places to you
get some bonus content so we will see
you tomorrow don't forget this weekend
is Malachi's birthday parties me lots of
fun bye
