hey everybody this is erling and from
the crows house we are taking over the
Canadian vlog channel for today because
we have a special secret collaboration
video that we've been working with them
on on the last week now if you've been
following them on their social media on
there I believe on their Facebook and
their Twitter and been watching their
vlogs you'll know that we've been
working on the super secret hush hush
super like our kids don't even know that
we did this that's how secret it is so
we've been making this video and
essentially what we're doing we have
challenged we have challenged Nick and
Vicky to a number of minute to win it
games now these games we picked two
games they picked two games so there was
no real advantage you know no you know
there weren't ringers in certain games
so we did four games now the way the
scoring works is that if we each
complete a challenge we each get a point
so if we do one game we have a potential
of two points back you get a point I get
a point so we are going to see how we do
we did four games and here they all
right so this is our first challenge
that we're going to be doing it is
called paper dragon the goal of the game
is we have two streamers one for each
hand and like he's got one for each and
we're going to put them on the ground
and the goal is to within a minute we
are going to wrap them around our arms
who can only use our hands and our arms
we're gonna wrap around as fast you can
where I see if we can do it within a
minute if we do it with a minute I get a
point she gets a point well obviously if
she does it I don't like she's got two
one go
ok
yeah we have 10 and seconds left it
seems like a blast you got happy we got
a boy okay so this this next game is
called bobblehead the goal of the game
is to put a pedometer on your head and
you need to get 125 steps steps in one
minute so by shaking your head now we
don't have pedometers so we have to put
all your app on our phone and this is
happy half of our heads you look
ridiculous I look ridiculous have you
seen yourself I think I look Canadian
and go okay
and
OOP with no reason we found it slipping
which are you kidding
move on lebesgue I hope in stopping by
is it
Oh
miss my phone
who
you can do it sign yeah hey the
trucker's gonna go boom okay oh my okay
don't move oh my gosh a doozy yours is
not even on what wait I think it's still
on the app is ready okay you are at 111
so you didn't make it oh my head hurts
I'm gonna press them I put on it and see
if I did it oh baby no 59 159 so i get
if white see it was all cuz my helmet
111 what did Moses was a 120 125 we got
a boy i get a point yay this next game
is called kaboom the point of the game
is there are plates set up with
marshmallows onon your to drop a broom
it's to ping the marshmallow up in the
air you got to catch it in the cup 60
seconds you get to get three
marshmallows in a minute I can't help
her pick up plates or pick up
marshmallows so I'm going to be running
around with another camera to see what I
can get so this one you have to go one
at a time just because the space and
everything so I'm gonna get my clock
ready and your mark get set go there's
one
Craig 45 seconds you get it set it off
their half I 30 seconds oh ji-hun
pull the plate away for this removal one
second yeah 3
hey everybody
he nozzle easy not so easy am i doing so
good am i doing better than you
Oh
you were trash-talking me how can I do
this one here that music you hear that
lovely little music that means time's up
I don't wanna play anymore alright this
game is called stack attacks we have 36
cups we need to make one giant pyramids
and then we need to collapse the pyramid
if the cops fall over the floor we have
to pick them all up by the time by the
time is up so we have a minute to do
that stack-on stack stack back three two
one
you
15 spare oh I nailed that you're ten
seconds nine eight seven six five four
three two whites two points well then
that so we just finished doing our stack
attack game and we won't somebody up as
soon as we finish the game we here hmm
that was a youngest son Ezra who
actually is turning to I just turned 2
by the time you watch this video he's
just turned two technically his
birthday's tomorrow by the time we're
recording this but either way we will
come up so he's over sitting on the
couch but that was our games now I don't
know how they ended up scoring on their
games so you are gonna have to you're
gonna have to check out their video
there's a link to it obviously in their
Channel I think we won because we did
pretty good we get six points out of a
possible eight now five depending on if
you're going to count the cab room with
me hit in the body so i don't know i
think it counts but there's nothing in
the rules to say that it doesn't so
anyway this is this is this tons of fun
thank you to Nick and Vicki for allowing
us to do this collaboration with them
they really didn't have to they're way
cooler and way more popular than we are
so you know it was kind of nice that
they stooped to you know little little
less but obviously feel free to check
out our channel subscribe and all that
good stuff we're also on social media
which will put the maybe they'll put the
links in the description I don't know if
you're coming from our channel to watch
our video make sure you subscribe to
them as well that's right so we should
like yes go and check them out if you're
watching on our end if you're watching
on there and check us out there that
makes sense anyway thanks for watching
make sure you like comment subscribe
I take a look at her social media and we
will see you to a room whoo you will see
them tomorrow you'll see them tomorrow
unless you subscribe us of course
