oh my gosh oh it's already awesome
good morning guys so it's just a rainy
day and we don't have a car today so
thankfully Malachi's aunt took him to
school today I started to walk this
morning and so now ebony and I have to
walk because murmur carb we're just
walking up the street to the bus stop so
it's not far and my mom's home so I
dragged Levi out so it's kind of nice
and how many it's picture day at school
today so she's she's got a really good
picture smile show them hey I've got a
little toothless grin i love it so both
amity and Malick are in school right now
Levi's sleeping for his nap time and
just got this giant box delivered and
it's the box from Disney it looks like
it's gonna be heavy but it's super light
I'm so curious to know what's in there
but I know Nick wouldn't be so upset i
opened it without it and then he wants
to see what's in there so maybe we can
give stuff to the kids for Christmas so
I get home and Malachi is playing legos
please playing with the awesome like gun
Lego guys and then I started playing
with them I was a and Vicki's like oh I
was like he's been doing that like he's
just been sitting here for the last like
20 minutes doing the exact same at me
with it exactly what I came always are
doing like he was doing the entire time
so like sometimes you wonder like white
boys are always doing something it's
just natural we need guns and we need to
shoot them because it's fun that's what
boys like to do okay so this next part
of the video is for Walker for meant to
be so we're playing Legos and we're all
trying to make planes to whoever has the
best plane so here's my plane boom boom
boom boom boom boom booms got guns all
on it see those blue guns so if the guy
flying with guns and I go gonna go
attack mile KY with his plane
you're my fantasy you're playing on
video here's mob guys shoot it still the
shoot guns it's awesome did you add more
you guys yeah awesome dude hey guys so
if you haven't watched our disney vlogs
you don't know that well we were there
leaving our kicked in the face by one of
the people that work there and they
basically didn't do anything to help us
so when we got back i sent them a
message to say what happened so they
sent us free swag bags for all the kids
so we're gonna save those things for
them for christmas but we don't even
know is in it yet here's the box and so
they can I are gonna open up the box and
then show you guys what's in it we don't
even know is it yet oh my gosh oh it's
already awesome is that is cool for Levi
yeah awesome Sierra has the cards I feel
like that else they get oh what's that
dere's me yes that's cool that's really
nice get out what's this one another
twice I'm like a flying hey boys fine
buzzes open it up we'll see probably
isn't actually play yeah it's not a look
at these cute bank oh my gosh that's so
cool that's really what is cute bag my
goodness I'm Neil a toilet that awesome
i'm not gonna board game disney
Candyland oh that is so cool that is
super cool guy disney's the best disney
is the best way for me right that's like
a dream
oh I'm ever seen downward I've never
seen that he'll love that oh he loves
tracing a hello to chew with this crab
knee what is it it's like a hair in any
sense his vanity said people don't look
just like Miri gifted yeah I don't know
if you like that she came too old for
that might be me gifted what's in here
what hap to open that's exciting roger
was a membership to their DVD Club
really exciting I think we'll tag to
open to work hey kid your eyelid hey I
want to see you my sister him he's so
jealous and also autograph photo he's
waited a look see what else reason in
line an hour and a half for these people
let's see what else there is just one
more instances of course then they spelt
their names right yeah why is it happen
ease i sent the name to leave I monsters
yeah cuz you give the baby the one with
monsters real cool guys cool that is
awesome cool thanks guys you see that is
really sweet now what we're gonna do cuz
we're super cheap parents is we're gonna
save all those things to give it to them
for Christmas now we want to do any
Christmas shopping great thank you hey
yeah yeah we're totally gonna do it are
you kidding me there's no way we're not
going to do that because friggin
Christmas presents are expensive and
your opponent you know what I'm talking
about so we're gonna say all those
things for Christmas and they're gonna
go nuts Christmas morning because look
that's a lot of good presence hey guys
thanks for watching the video today and
you haven't already subscribed go ahead
and click that subscribe button because
we want you to be part of the community
and we've got a lot of you subscribers
this month already so hey what's up to
the new subscriber we're glad to have
you and don't forget guys give us a
thumbs up if you liked this video and
tell your friends because we want to
build this community up and we want to
have a place where people who come talk
to us we can talk it in and we all kind
of get to know each other a little
better so anyways thanks for watching
and we'll see you tomorrow
