hey guys so I'm back from my shopping
trip of makeup and it's what we got
so last night we had a Skype
conversation with the Krauss house
channel and if you haven't checked out
the general you check it out go ahead
and click the link below that i'm going
to put and you can see what they're
doing they do family vlogs too and
they're also from canada i was like a
double win but we're going to be doing
some projects with them in the next this
month it has november now so this month
so yeah get ready for those because
they're coming soon tonight for sunday
service i'm leading worship like singing
and playing chart both i'm super-nervous
Vicki does it all the time like shows a
play guitar but usually I'll play guitar
and she'll sing and I'm cool with that I
could do it all night but like I'm never
usually like this singer and the leader
of the song I like directing how it's
going to go and stuff like that so yeah
a little bit nervous I don't know what
to do I'm kind of stressed out about it
so what kind of just praying about it
this afternoon like practicing and stuff
like that but I don't know why I'm so
nervous I really don't know why but so
keep that well i guess if i asked you
guys are probably too late by the time
you see this video but i'll let you know
how it goes hey guys so it's sunday
afternoon and i just got back from a
baby shower she's iming little girl and
all the little cute girl clothes oh I
remember that I want that again anyways
so just saying that now I'm going to go
and meet my friend who is amazing like I
mean amazing at doing makeup she can
take years off of her face when she does
her makeup it's insane and she's very
very talented with like hair makeup all
of it so she offered to go and take me
to the store and help me pick out proper
makeup and everything so that I can like
get my complexion looking better and I'm
feeling like I'm starting to look old
I'm so close to that 30 that it's like
scary so I just want you know to help a
little bit makeups a good thing right
it's okay I'm overwhelmed with makeup
right now I'm so much makeup ahh remix a
little bit like this a little bit like
that with a little bit of color and
you'll find you can get the color that
really matches with your skin
but you just add more take no yeah we
will have the next that's blog com next
ones coming on wednesday hey guys so I'm
back from my shopping trip of makeup and
it's what we got it's not like all it's
like primer and this skin Perfector
cream this thing I'm really excited to
use but I don't know how to use it yet
so what's gonna happen is on Wednesday
stay tuned because we're going to do a
whole makeup tutorial blog hey guys so
just got back from church and worship
was mediocre yeah the first song I
completely screwed up the entire thing
and it ended terribly the second song um
went pretty good vicki was leaning that
song the third song I was leading I
thought I wouldn't pretty good to third
song hey Vicki that song wing kid and
then what thank God uses our
imperfection still given glory I agreed
but I still want to sound decent I still
want to have a decent sound and I'm not
nothing here about me I'm saying it
about I want to deliver an atmosphere of
worship for people to enter in and feel
that they can worship that's what I want
I'm not saying I want people to look at
me and be like wow Nick was amazing
Chris you oh my gosh Nick was amazing
tonight I don't care about that but I
want to at least create an atmosphere of
worship if you're a Christian you know
what I'm talking about if you're not
Krishna probably what is he talking this
guy's an idiot anyway so a couple of 11
to changeup songs my gift to us on skype
the last song for community or for
communion we did the first two verses
the third verse you change keys and so
Vicki only did the first two verses
we're coming back and I'm like you want
see or do you want to do d and she
didn't answer me so Glos do it in deeds
to think so I do think duty Anjali like
I do make sure and then we go into D
everyone in the entire congregation is
singing it in
he and so it broke me off I don't even
know where the key is now and everyone's
looking at me like you're playing in the
wrong key dude even the past is like Oh
ronke and I'm like break ma'am did you
told me to do that they were all seen
his so loud at me and the one church in
the entire world that actually sings in
key is singing the wrong key oh my gosh
it was the world okay because by the
second line we got it we're fine yeah
yeah first line where I was like whoa
what's going on Oh went okay I was
really embarrassed isn't embarrassing it
for me hey guy just wanted to say thank
you for watching this vlog don't forget
to subscribe if you haven't already
leave some comments below so we can get
to know you and give us a thumbs up if
you think this video was amazing anyways
we'll see you guys small have a great
night
