yeah hey guys what's up so me and think
you're gonna do that couples yoga
challenge not you will attempt to do I'm
just gonna stretch my butt I just want
to say to that I'm really not flexible
in any kind of way pull the muscle my
knees ended in the air guy like that
feeling of like yeah well this one okay
here's the one we're doing now here we
go
okay so we're gonna go with my hand okay
here's what you're gonna do like a
rocket ship
it's a backwards now put your arms down
the side
oh yeah okay so here's the next pose
we're gonna try and do this one should
be easy
which way do you want to go so my feet
goes like this yeah okay ready no okay
go up
oh wait how am I figure I read you you
have to climb up my back what do you
mean climb up your back would you like
my back like I'm gonna hit my house best
TV stand here applause okay you were
gonna do anything like that I have
earned then you put your feet on my back
now put your feet flat so with that okay
yeah doing your people out of my butt
didn't push out
oh yeah wrong you're supposed to be on
the front of me okay let's do it again
this will be easier probably you do you
go to the same direction I'm still doing
this great yeah and now you go oh okay
here we go
attempt number two we made a mistake but
that was a new pose we just created a
photo what should we call it
I'll call it cfv
the CFDA Canadian analog so Steve you
can do the cmp original friggin yoga our
first try
hey guys so that's the end of couples
yoga for Vicki and I so sorry that we
didn't do a bunch more poses we had a
whole bunch stuff that we were playing
you do but after that Vicki's head was
so sore this she was like I can't do any
more so it's better to be safe than
sorry and just end soon so go ahead and
click Subscribe if you liked this video
and give us a thumbs up and don't forget
to leave some comments below we love to
hear what you thought of this video
