okay so Avenue if you guys don't already
know is in French school so she has to
learn French words but the thing is I
don't know French so it's hard so he
goes can you help me with my homework
and I say it sure and then we're sitting
here she goes you have to tell me if I
get it right I'm like I don't even know
how to say
so Levi and I are making some pumpkins
are doing our own little taller craft
yes are you gluing the my neck down on
the paper plate okay put another one on
he go oh yeah well that was successful
guys cooking for everywhere lots of fun
yay unless being crass with toddlers hey
guys so I'm just walking up to it
Malachi from school today and today I
have a meeting with his future after
school such as Santa Claus and show us
to discuss Malachi's progress so I
wonder what that's gonna be about so how
keep you guys informed laughter I have
the meeting I brought his like alpha
Burt book ladies I'm working on at home
just to show her that we're not
forsaking learning that thing today hey
guys so I'm really excited because
coming up this January which seems for
our way but really isn't I'm gonna be
launching a new channel and I'm super
excited about it because it's something
I'm really passionate about and I don't
want to say too much about it because I
want it to be a little bit of a surprise
but there's going to be a bunch of other
youtubers they're going to partner with
me on this one in is a big like
collaboration type of the channel so
it's going to be really cool so are you
guys need to stay tuned because when it
starts is gonna be awesome okay so
Avenue if you guys don't already know is
in French school so she has to learn
French words but the thing is I don't
know French so it's hard so he goes can
you help me with my homework and I say
it sure and then we're sitting here she
goes you have to tell me if I get it
right I'm like I don't even know how to
say it look at these words she has to
learn like what the heck is this word
Lizzie do then is that right today
alright so we're sitting you're trying
to go through the book you try one let's
hear it
it's hard because the alphabet and
French is different than the uppababy
but so this either sounds of each letter
a difference ok so Levi Sita's reading
he comes up and pushes his way onto the
bed with a book he wants to read a book
with us too what you want to read a book
oh yeah you want to read maybe yeah oh
is it it's out of that animal because I
get this book at my face I'm he's gotta
do that his homework man yeah Abby's got
ya hey leave her alone uh brothers
subscribe
okay so we gave up on the homework
because we couldn't read the French
words and we called in some
reinforcements the French cousins yay so
they've been going in French cool for a
long time so they know the French words
a lot better that's nice to leave what
but yeah so AB news you may learn from
them now and I get to do the dishes hey
hey guys so i told you that i met with
Malachi's teacher today and i want to
tell you how it wit because i told you i
would and that's what you do when you
say you're gonna do something you do it
so anyways it was a really good meeting
they just want to make sure that we're
all on the same page with his learning
um so like what they were working on and
what they wanted me to work on because i
only sent him three days a week they
wanted to make sure on his office that
we were doing the same thing the funny
thing is though guys was like it they
all be all laughed about it is that they
had they were like so focused on like
doing his letter sounds for his name and
stuff and really getting those letters
down and then working on other letters
of the alphabet they said once we work
on that then we'll work on writing and I
said oh I said well Malachi is actually
more into writing then he is actually
like doing his letter sounds like
verbally he likes to write it out and I
showed them that like the name that he
did that we showed you in the last block
and you should have seen them that both
the teachers their mouths just drop to
the floor they're like they could not
believe that Malachi could do that they
were in shock they're like this is
amazing so I was really really happy it
was a proud moment for me and yeah I
said acidity like did he listen to you
and stuff cuz sometimes at home he's not
the best listener and they were like he
is such a good kid he's polite he's
friendly with others and he listens to
us he does exactly what he's told like
there's nothing that concerns I'm about
him they said that he's he's great kid
I'm like oh it's just what you want to
hear as a parent right yeah and I
actually told I was doing a good job
parenting that was kind of nice too I
was like I didn't come two more of these
medians and just get like all my ego
boosted here I'm such a good mom hey
guys thanks for watching this video
today and if you watched yesterday's
video it was about exploding pop can
and becca bxo gave us the coolest him
she said if you wrap your pop can in a
paper towel you get it wet and you wring
it out and you wrap it in there if
breezes like twice as fast so if you're
doing a pop can freeze or like us go
ahead and do that but don't forget to
subscribe this month if you want to win
a free t-shirt and give us a thumbs up
don't forget to comment below because we
want to get to know you talk to you
later
