so I finish your beer Malik I see it
tada do you like it
Tommy and my grapefruit for the
breakfast and lock eyes like I wanted to
read that so these kids are drinking it
can't have a dream hmm again yeah yeah
we're gonna have so much fun today we're
gonna go make giant leaf piles and we're
gonna go pick some pumpkins ever gonna
carve um great I use the great big one
yea big what how big how big hey as
already today okay so I'm gonna make a
massive pile leave with all these leaves
and then we're gonna jump in the okay
here's the leaf pile ready for some kids
oh yeah he's really very good okay
didn't the least he's completely buried
in the leaves nice so funny good job
okay in there are you stuck plop plop
there see a big jump good whenever he
goes any just sinks right to the bottom
oh nice job here with us now we're gonna
fall back where Jay went do these I
can't be I'm covered no you're
completely covered I go get me honey
come on nice jump over here suck in the
lead oh my goodness you're upside glass
stuff that's good I'll refine the other
down
okay I was lying down hi big mistake
Malachi why you do you like
ah gotcha we're at the pumpkin patch and
i just found like the perfect pumpkin I
saw it from far away look at it guys can
you guess which one it is black see it
look at the perfect brown one guys I'm
so excited about it we better Oh Nick
stop more of a longer one I like the
round fat ones you going I marry Nick
Evers okay I don't you go with the
functional
oh yeah now it's back at me what did you
find out I oh it's a different color
right right it's a white one you should
get an orange one bud then we can all
match guy are you swing know when you
get orange I don't know why but that's
just what you're supposed to do look at
him he's exploring all the pumpkins
what's going on yes stretchy give us
like a little mouse don't throw it it's
not a ball don't throw it Oh Levi look
at this one everything a little hand o.o
yell again how it might feel like that
seashell thing off of aerial to which
day you know that thing that she has a
thing going on okay you have to reenact
it i don't know you're talking about was
like oh horn for all you diehard his
need ang okay so here's our pumpkin hall
Dada Dada Dada Dada Dada for carving up
our pumpkins I have any scoop in she
dropped a pumpkin on her finger and
broke her fingernail off look I vineet
did I hurt so now just having a hard
time getting the guts at ever broken I'm
not trying to get the guts out of his I
can't Zard I could get it all it all
Yeah right leg dude we don't think the
Seas last people do it no but nobody
here really likes them I'd eat them if
some victim but I don't like to bake
them and so I gotta carve mine and
Vicki's gonna Carper's and we'll show
you what they look like I'm getting
ready for a pampered chef show tonight
and hacking up on my stuff and leave I
came over and grabbed my little pampered
chef song and he won't get them back
he's like really attached to them he's
like playing with them this whole time
can I have those please no are you
having fun with them he's really
attached to them mommy's gonna need them
for her show can you give them to mommy
please now if I don't take them from him
don't take them we're asking nicely so I
finish your beer Malcolm I see it tada
do you like it do you like it yeah does
it look like what you wanted ok so leave
I was getting ready for his bat and I
took off his clothes and stuff like that
then I just quickly went to the washer
and it wasn't paying full attention and
he pooped on the floor did I think it's
safe for yourself oh you got poo over
there zap ooh yeah I know you pooped
right there he's gross me in yeah I know
you want going to bat so yeah he pooped
all over the floor trying to clean up
floor poop here's all the pumpkins all
it up in the night I just wanted to let
you guys see what they look like in the
dark so they turned out pretty good I
think so let me know what you think
thanks for watching don't forget to hit
the subscribe button and you get
introduced to want a free t-shirt this
month and also don't forget to like this
video and leave some comments below so
we can get to know you a little bit
better look forward to seeing you guys
tomorrow have a good day
