hey guys so we just meant to the doctors
and again and while we're waiting for
this has to be left like 20 minutes or
so so we decided we're just going to
walk up the street here there's a nice
little park
sit on your bell good job big slide oh
are you ready and that fun so guys I'm
in a rush trying to get supper in the
oven get it ready and I go in the
cupboard here and I go take up my spices
and my vegetable oil falls down and the
lid snaps off and I have this giant mess
of vegetable oil all over side of the
door all over the floor everywhere
splattered everywhere and it's so
slippery and I don't have time for this
this is what broke all over my floor but
my vegetable oil see how the lid like
cracked right off of this so it's not
even like it was like the top of the lid
so when it dropped it like no pressure
wise and just crack right off what a
mess so because of everyone's gross
chesa fixes it to do medicine Abby's
gonna go first cuz she's the oldest yeah
you are you got it you got it stay here
so we are trying to burn off some energy
before bedtime and kids all dr. medicine
they did a really good job great job
guys you have you got Engelberg gummy
for taking it oh yeah why do you like
them that's really dumb so blush you
think them so much are you the best yeah
I'm all dumb you're gonna good job
walking backwards now we're gonna go
play in the leaves ok let's go on the
date you're gonna play ok so we just
came over here and there's like a
thousand birds in the water right now
I'm gonna try and show you but the Sun
is pointing directly in my face so when
i turn the camera show you i'm not sure
if we're gonna be able to see or not but
we'll see you at
Wow looking at me go there goes fifty
thousand birds into the distance oh my
goodness that was so many birds I'm
gonna get you having it you can't get
away from me well you're getting a lot
faster than used to be sleep I can't we
made a leaf pile on the kids are gonna
jump in it ah you know was laying on top
of each other now I'm gonna bury you who
doesn't love falls like the best time of
year ready 123 nice one guy three two
one go haha nice and good jump guys yeah
do it again go back up there i'll make a
file again Bobby's gonna be a big run
struck ok go here she comes Oh Nathan
good job every time we come to the park
malachi has to go pee in the bush I
think he just does it cuz he likes it ok
where is happening maokai leave my words
at me mocha hey inside dizzy oh you're
in the face you they wanted to be buried
whoa hey guys so I'm just going to go
ahead and Edna blog thanks for watching
don't forget to subscribe this month and
you get enter for your chance to win a
free vlogging t-shirt also don't forget
to thumbs up and leave some comments
below so I'm just gonna end the vlog
with this gorgeous Lake son
you
