hey guys so its buffer festival day
three
and i only have one show today i wanted
to go to another one but by time i could
try to switch my ticket it was too late
i'm so bummed about it I want to go to
the charles trippy show because then
afterwards you even get to do the meet
up with them so that would have been
super cool I wanted to see his tattoos
up close to so that in many ways I think
it to go and so right now I'm heading
over to the lego store there's a mall
right by that as a lego store and I
really want to check it out so yeah I'm
a nerd i know it i don't care not shamed
of it and so we're going over there i'm
going to check out some lego for a
project that I have coming up there you
guys are probably going to really like
I'm not going to lie and then yeah I'm
coming backing me up with Josh my
brother and then we're both all going to
go down to buffer festival for the final
showing and if you guys are already
checked out josh's channel it's on my
homepage that like I'm the channels i
recommend its jgc music he does like
piano lessons and things like that on
there right now but he will eventually
expand it to have a lot of really good
lessons so if you're thinking about
learning piano or something like that
it's a great spot to start check it out
so i just finished in the lego store and
it is nuts in there it's with me like an
hour just to find the pieces i want
there's so many little kids like rushing
it away frothing diseases throwing them
everywhere it was crazy but I think I
got everything I needed I'll show
actually i don't know if i will show it
to you because anybody feel like guess
what my thing is and i wanted to be
surprised so uh yeah i'm done i'll hit
him back he has some waiting for josh
really echo ated
echo we adhere so I don't know if you
guys can notice that but yeah Josh just
let me pick me up the show that we're
going to start in like 30 minutes or
something like that we're cutting it so
close he had to have a meeting and then
a win way later than they thought I
guess and he's like yeah I'll be there
in like five minutes so he's supposed to
be pull around this parking lot now
right out in Kyoto but I really open our
legs I really want to go to this one so
he is a late one it's already dark out
actes night in LA it's like 730 looks
pitch black outside sucks man I hate
this is the US of only bummer about this
cold time in here is dark so soon
there's my text okay gotta go to our
blog so we found this parking spot
because of my friend Alex from yesterday
and it's like a secret spot in the city
nobody parks here look at me and this
guy me and Josh in this guy and it's
like rape aside TIFF and all these
things like you would think it would be
jam-packed there's only five bucks to
park here there's a really good deal
unless it kept saying pay more pay more
where's the five bucks yep yeah by bugs
okay now we gotta hurry because it
starts in like five minutes so if you
ever wonder what it would be like to
talk to Charles Trippy in the washroom
it's not it's not very comfortable it's
kind of awkward don't do it I did it I
don't think I would do it again if I had
the opportunity yeah Joshua are here we
made it and we have time to spare I'm
just very gamey went to the washer so
that was an awkward this one looks
pretty cool looks like a legit thing the
other ones we're kind of like hey look
we're in a movie theater this was like
whoa something's happening
utilize all these chairs you know like
Ross hey everybody this is my house
green a buffer fest Cory sad he just
told me he cried in his hotel room
before he came here oh I actually did
but I Christ so often it doesn't even
surprise tell me that in confidence I
mean I told you a lot of things in
confidence i think the public so it
stopped telling you secrets we're just
finished and now the crazy mobs are
leaving the building it's pretty cool
and that was actually really good I
liked it alive they talked so much of LA
interesting topics it wasn't just like I
looked at you cheeseburgers and my
favorite colors blue do you like it
although there was that there was
absolutely but it was really comical
yeah I may never be the same life
changing experience hey guys so Josh and
I are parting ways by Josh love you so
thanks for coming all the bump rush with
no problem thanks curious if it wasn't
for you Josh I've never been there love
you get rid see you later babe so yeah
homeward bound not to go to my car and
drive so you know I hope that Vicky
still wit gonna get home cuz I haven't
seen it for three days and I miss her
Cuban door yeah I miss her a lot she
talked it out with the kids all weekend
by herself which is not easy so I hope
that she's able to talk with me so I
could tell her about the week and and
all that fun stuff that we got to do
together me and you guys and rate at the
last minute I live adjust met a couple
of loggers the whole weekend any longer
so it was kind of cool to get that
closure of meeting somebody cool that I
can collab with so hopefully that turns
out into something but you guys will see
ya soon enough see you later hey guys
saw home and Vicki I got to see her she
went to bed yes and I just wanted to say
don't forget if you're watching this for
the first time go ahead and click
subscribe because this month we give
away that free t-shirt and we'd love to
have you as part of our community don't
forget also to leave some comments below
so that we can you know get to know each
other a little better and I'll see you
guys tomorrow
