I don't know pedestrian walkway caution
cyclist his mount
look at my cheeky little monkey with pen
in his hand watch this and had my back
to him what do you doing what are you
doing put the lid back on put it on
Levi put the lid on no more we turn
around yeah no more I'm watching you may
I got my back to him again what does he
do
yo Tiki he is or it'll leave I couldn't
wait for me to put him down for his nap
he was just let sitting in here playing
with his doc he just started to fall
asleep I'm the bean bag holding this hey
guys what's up so I'm just going to the
thrift store I'm a lunch break because
I'm going to be I've started to explain
because I have these new projects so i'm
watching that I don't really want to
talk about yet because I want to wait
some closer to the launch date but it's
not going to be I don't think till
January so it's while it was a ways away
but I'm going to the store to see if
they have some of the equipment that I
need for that and I want to get it for
cheap so yeah that's one during my lunch
break hitting up three different thrift
stores should be pretty cool and then
after work my dad and I are going for a
bike ride so I'm going to show you some
footage for that and we're gonna
probably go for dinner to this cool
place i'm wanting to go to so bad cold
made in mexico i think but yeah so it's
gonna be cool so yeah that's what I'm
doing for my work day okay so excited go
get his brother from school it's levi is
so excited to get his brother from
school gee I get them mixed up all the
time are you excited go get Malachi yeah
we in the car gonna go pick him up yep
over at the school right yep yeah let's
go ok add you ever jail are you
listening
Levi who talked to on the phone did you
push the button so that's how we does it
you have no messages is that silly
Avenue are you vlogging it too I'm done
no you say hi say hi on the phone how do
you talk to someone on the phone hey hi
you see oh you silly hey guys so my dad
and I are halfway done our bike ride and
you know when you see some with a really
good bike sometimes you envy them and
you think wow that's a great bike but
then you watch them try and lock their
bike up and you realize you know what
the bikes not that great i can live with
mine I can live with what I got the
check out is awesome bike
and looks even got tight shorts fancy
shoes speed glasses right he's the real
deal man
