also I don't know if you guys watch the
Shaytards nah but they're little babies
bash his head he's got a big fractured
skull fracture in his head Vicky doesn't
nobody yet
Malik I got a mark on his eye at school
right there can you see it right there
that man mark right there another I how
did you get it Malachi so I feel feel at
least someone threw food at you at
lunchtime yeah what was it it was a
heart filled hard food to make a mark on
your eye food fight and JK can you
believe it so my mom just came up and
she brought this newspaper article up
from when I was a teenager my sister and
I were at this some i think the ex
exhibition the CNE and this photographer
would took our picture and put it in the
paper and my any barb had kept it for
like years and years and just gave it to
my mom so to get out exhibition just out
of this world there's me there's my
sister yes there you go 13 and 11 so I'm
not a teenager amy is a teenager look at
that I remember that he's a photographer
on sat in the front car of the Holocaust
order on a roll and said actually scared
so I'm telling you right now I wasn't
scared that was me acting I'm pretty
good actor right actress i should say um
because we had already been on that ride
like i don't know five times so I wasn't
scared of a ride but I just pretended
look at this face with pure terror look
at that I love roller coasters Nev I did
you have a rough day today are you just
chillin after a long day of playing with
your new friend yeah just chillin look
at him so relax life's good yeah you're
funny i had a mad a care kid today who
is just a few months older than Levi so
they have really um so they had a lot of
fun today together they were running
around playing in and stuff so but it
was a long day wasn't it yeah he's
pooped look at em knees pretty picture
that she just colored after school today
look at the pretty ballerina Barbie
ballerina I'm he's getting really good
at like doing her colors at coordinating
her colors together like those are
nylons belly fur not just a tutu and
then a purple top not just pink tutu
she's a really good with that lately so
cool I love seeing her pictures now so
Miss Avenue what do you have to do today
did you have homework today do you like
to chew markers is that a good idea hey
no look at the lid now but it will it's
old afford with tooth marks on it don't
you know not to chew lids yes don't two
lids don't chew lids I want to talk to
you to do that all the time as a kid all
my pen Liz my marker Liz it all be just
like that I'll chewed up so I wonder
where she gets it from happening in this
at school today it's so cool I'm just
loving this new school I really am I
think it's so great I'm he comes home
every day it says how much she loves her
new school so that makes a parent really
happy to hear that so check it out she
made up this little book I'm not you're
gonna attempt to say that cuz I'm I do a
speak French and there's all her colors
you see that so she colored them all
what color they are shirts we use one
second yes what color they all are see
so she colored them and then they they
trace the letters and that's how they
knew it the color was called
hey guys what's up so change has been
the Loom gloomiest day outside and I
don't know about you but when the
weather changes I can't thanks Vicki
usually do to you didn't get one okay so
busy today that I didn't have time Eddie
I wonder if the central air has
something to do the two what's that
homework oh my goodness dude you it like
this is complete this is the finished
product like you're done the homework
cool looks good nice yeah well you can
see those on French oh yeah oh yes
you'll have to show me that ok show me a
minute then but yeah bad weather
headache it's the worse yeah so I can't
wait for it to go away he pray for me no
you picking me later okay oh yeah so
also I don't know if you guys watch the
Shea chargin up but um they're little
babies bash his head he's got a big
fractured skull fracture in his head
Vicki doesn't nobody yet yeah skull
fracture news in the hospital and
surgery and everything and I'm waiting
for like their next video to account to
find out what how then update and how
he's doing his stuff that happened that
happens you one of the girls in her old
church their little girls think they
happened she fell down the stairs and
she banged her head on the hard floor
and on the bottom yeah and Garko
fracture and everything and had to go
for all those skinny chef and they said
she needs surgery and then everybody
plays usually um like the church are
they may start a whole prayer chain and
the next day she didn't need surgery
she's healed they couldn't even find the
fracture on the x-ray oh hey Lou you so
that's cool so shaycarl if you're
watching probably aren't but if you are
um he said my dude we're praying for
your little guy I already messaged him
on his video that we're praying for him
stuff so yeah keep in mind if you guys
are the praying type to just walking
around my daddy knew his face jungle to
keep you walking on daddy's feet
hmm be my go for a walk with Daddy I
don't then more yep we need to move in
yeah dad gosh daddy has a headache so he
probably doesn't want you hitting him
Levi and Malachi need daddy alone I
think he wanted to show you the sweater
on his head mommy leave I do you got on
your head pouring rain pouring I'm glad
it held off today though so I had time
outside with the kids and we used to
live in Calgary and they have snow it
held right now look I mean a lot of snow
it's crazy and it's not even still
summertime yeah well it's not pointed
yeah that was any fall little of winter
i like what it look right no I should
show you a picture of it you just
supposed to get more hey guys check it
out this is the snow in Calgary this is
my friend's backyard her tree fell over
from the weight of the snow just wasn't
ready for it look at that ah so much
snow crazy eh i'm so glad we don't have
that here like I'll take the rain I will
take the rain how do you think I have a
snow suit for Levi yet hey guys what's
up I'm just gonna end the vlog
everybody's in bed sleeping but me
because I was up late gaming and no I'm
tired but I still have to edit and post
a vlog so I'm going to go ahead and do
that now so I'm ending it so you guys
can go ahead and click subscribe leave
some comments below and don't forget to
give us a thumbs up because you
what we would really appreciate it so
we'll see you guys tomorrow and who
knows what's going to happen we might
have a big giant ultimate surprise I
don't know I'm just saying to put that
out there so you better tune in alright
see you tomorrow
