hey guys so I went to giant tiger today
and I got some things for the kids but
when i was there something caught my eye
it makes like Grady went shopping what
did you buy now um I have wanted a pair
of red pants for like a really really
long time and I've never been able to
find a pair that I like Sony's I found
these and I sparred them on and I love
them but what do you guys think about
red pants you are fashion week are you a
fan or not I think I've been watching
too much pretty little liars that I'm
being influenced by their fashion
okay guys here's the outfit what do you
think there's my red pants we've got
like these cool zippers on them I
thought they were really neat now
actually really flattering with the
zipper and then there's this tank top
here and this tank top here and then
check out the shoes okay we don't want
to see many things we want a fashion
show fashion show fashion I can show you
on the net okay okay Vicki's working it
go girl hey guys do you think I can pull
off these red hands you know what I
tried these shoes and I think it was
just too much it clashed a little bit
with the pants I didn't really like the
look of them oh you like the black and
what's the block yeah I didn't really go
she's especially get the pattern of the
shirt I know what I think that was for
my heels I thought heels was born in New
York fashion style so I pulled out the
heels I don't really wear them very
often yeah we can what do you think red
pants I like it better when us all
together and you know what I didn't like
that shirt when you showed it to me but
I like it now when you have it on your
sake that is 10 and a 10 / I don't know
15 no said of 10 yeah I don't like 10
for like fashion and a 10-4 like
appearance and I a temper dang i'm
working a girl take me on a date so i
can wear it I'll take care of Ray Rice
t-bo hey guys so I'm attempting this new
recipe for dinner tonight and it's kind
of funny because I really felt like a
chicken casserole and I never really
made one before and I never really liked
knew what to put in it so I kind of went
online and I looked up all these
casseroles and stuff and you have to
know that there's no cheese or potato in
my family really cuz like the kids hate
potato and then Nik hates cheese so I'm
always is so buoyant anyways so I'm kind
of taking bits and pieces from different
recipes like one was like you still top
dressing and then you know one was like
used cream of chicken soup used pre
mushroom see
use whatever and so I'm just kind of
taking bits and pieces and putting them
together and we're gonna see what
happened to my blog okay so um but try
Vicky's chicken casserole let's see how
it is probably different tastic kids are
gonna drown the reason ketchup that's an
insult to the ship you're not supposed
to play catch-up on till after you try
it by the way okay try it first and then
if you don't want me to put ketchup on
it I can't get a bite of everything hey
rigo it's really hot fucking fish dinner
you take so long to teach something like
that game you play I'm trying all the
flavors rookie what game do I play oh
that bean boozled e oh ok I think it
tastes really good the only thing i
would change is put seasoning on the
chicken instead of just plain does it
make bubbles in it bubble and you're
never going to change conference game of
a fool you need it even less encouraging
got manners at the table follow family
is telling a story today I've got boys
and this is nick spirit air base boys
are stupid sometimes and they sometimes
say stupid things that's good advice
comment below if you think that's good
advice the dad is a good honest advice
or if stupid we say stupid things I
don't think you saying
you know is good advice guys leave I
keeps trying to ram me with this stupid
little car thing and try and get me hey
nice drive like he's trying to Randy
he's like legit haha i'm seeing a tough
year can't get me yeah get me Oh
hahahahaha hey get me know hey are you
gimme nice tie ka so we're gonna go
ahead the vlog now um we were just
talking about the new song is trending
by one direction fireproof I don't know
if you heard it if your teenage girl
right now you're probably literally
screaming as I dress because it's like
you the biggest thing draining out of
Twitter right now but we're listening to
him Levi Hoshi's GME to his sword he's
loving it loving it loving it loving it
loving it oh yeah oh nice one so anyways
if you're watching this video don't
forget to leave a comment below give us
a thumbs up and subscribe to our channel
because we want you to join our
community and lately we've gained like a
bunch of subscribers in the last two
weeks we can like 25 30 subscribers
almost so thank you if you're new to the
channel thank you for subscribing we
appreciate it we're excited that you're
part of it I can't wait to see your
comments and start to chat with you and
get to know you better am I gonna leave
you with this one final song chasing it
yeah dude work at Viki this girl
bird huh huh I'm reformat ya reckon it
guys thumbs up you got it thumbs up now
she's worked out song for you
