hey guys what's up so I'm just getting
ready another collaboration with Lindsay
and Jim for meant to be say hi guys all
right so get ready for that we got some
cool stuff coming up
hey guys you have to check out with Levi
did with his water bottle so he was
eating one of those on bread and she's
like cracker thingies and I guess he had
the little red thing that this is stick
for the cheese and Austin I look over
and he's going to 0 at his water bottle
he knows yes can you see this like look
at this no no okay don't retain front of
the camera do you see the red stick
floating in the water he put it through
the straw like he pushed it right
through the straw so we put a hole in
the straw so now if you tip it like
water will spill out of it and now
floating inside just finished off my
chat with Lindsay and Jim from meant to
be you gotta check out the channel guys
because they're pretty cool there in
Japan and they're from the United States
of America so this kind of an
interesting twist to their channel and
you know what it's cool because
everything that they started YouTube for
is like this is exact same reasons we
started YouTube one because they want to
have the memories of all their family
and stuff on video so they can look back
any time I watch it too was because they
wanted to share the gospel the good news
and tell people about how awesome God is
and three because you wanted to give
subscribers and start the community and
stuff like that and get to know people
have another venue to build
relationships and make new friends so
that's pretty cool so check out their
channel i have a link below you can go
ahead and click on it and don't forget
to subscribe to them okay so happen e is
making ice cream oh yeah that looks that
sound good ice cream
hmm hmm see what it looks like pull that
off what flavor is it are you gonna call
it mine's blueberry sprinkles she's got
sprinkles on it and is blueberry tastes
delicious mm-hmm oh she got for a
birthday last year okay so we're trying
to get ready to go to our church
barbecue and Molokai falls off the deck
and scrapes both of his knees really bad
too doesn't look so bad with just that
baby but there's a lot of scrape under
there right now okay let's see the other
one I see this one whoa Robbie you guys
great are you going I think he just a
band-aid it was the heat of the moment
man I couldn't get the camera in time so
we just finished our church picnic and
it was good Avenue got a balloon you
have dead trees you're right yep oh yeah
two hours I'm us came and removed get my
dick my dick was dope yo my favorite
chef tip-top desert yeah Ricky's
pampered chef dip got devoured is what
she was trained said yes yeah and she
handed a bunch of catalogues stuff so
we're really good and it was fun there's
lots of people there there were you know
what it was a great way to connect
people in the church outside of church
yeah dude I mean like it was for sure
I'm for actual fellowship instead of
having to rush out and you know service
if you quiet you know you know like in
between is that greeting times only
really short so it's nice I really
enjoyed it yeah me too guys check it out
my cameras fix all the waters gone home
the lens the rice worked and prayer
worked and I'm so happy that it's all
fixed and it's good now look II can't
see any spots on me anyways i was at
walmart the clearance section i was
looking for um
you know summer stuff that goes on
clearance and guess what i found guys oh
yeah no wonder guns that hopefully will
work and the plastic part on it does not
hurt your finger it's super super soft
so we're gonna try it out right now
because the kids are really excited
about them store and try it and me are
three dollars not age three dollars for
both so with you okay i have any how
down how is it yes look you're reaching
the fence awesome is it hard to push no
doesn't hurt your finger that's it nice
going okay oh she can retune one or five
you guys have two baths anyways might as
well go get you the net picnic and is
awesome greenhouse you've gotten lots of
tomatoes out of this era body yeah this
is my fourth load of tomatoes yeah
that's cool and look at the hot peppers
jalapeno hug oh my goodness look at the
mom there's so many look they're all
awesome i mean this poor pushes over and
look at this chili is coming in finally
oh yeah I see it you know yeah so you
make your chili powder again I hope so
yeah cuz you're almost out I know I'm
almost out yep so I'm hoping these work
out and I can get a bunch of chili looks
hmm hey guys so I'm just about to learn
what my role is in traditional African
wedding preparation ceremony and this is
what I'm doing tonight hey toy n that's
the traditional African girl that my
brother's marrying say hi good Josh all
right so yeah that's what I'm doing
tonight what are you doing tonight
comment below hey guys so I'm gonna I'm
so tired oh I said I'm not gonna say
that anymore i'm so awake right now so
because i'm so we can go to go ahead and
end the vlog thanks for watching don't
forget to subscribe thumbs up and give
us some comments below if you want to
join the community because we want to
get to know you and i'm sure because
you're here you want to get to know us a
little bit so leave some comments below
and we'll see you tomorrow it's Sunday
you
