so we're visiting our new town and right
by the house that we bought is park park
there and looks like I've washrooms
swings that's a cool fun stuff and
there's like a train thing there yeah my
bikes here to this trail is evil things
way down that whole bunch of them look
like fun good job you won't face in it
yeah double chin Malaga dream short cuz
Malik he'll like it Park it isn't really
nice day and he gets like 14 degrees but
it's not like 22 like when I were short
but he wore shorts to the party and then
didn't want to put his pants back on oh
well kids are standing in front of a big
train this isn't pretty cool eh you guys
like this park yeah there's swings and
slides monkey bars you want to play
baseball we don't have baseball stuff to
play with no bummer no no climbing fees
oh yeah there's that too pretty cool you
guys excited about our new house and
living here yeah
all right let's go get some supper
so we decided to do another I sit down
restaurant Larry by the house we will
not be doing you know at all that's so
we're trying to get in the most in as
you can now I know you not really your
pizzas yeah maybe order pizzas not
anything like this where you sit down
restaurant order it'll be a while before
we do that okay check out seismic burger
Giants can go for end
oh my goodness I aliens got that
giant look at the size Amalfi's kidney
all burger future email let you go you
are
you
