hey guys how's it going so today we're
coming in to do a throwback movie we're
gonna talk about honey i shrunk the kids
you guys remember that one flashy it's
fantastic so we're kind of in a mixed
review for this I like it a lot so I'm
gonna give it an eight out of 10 for
adults mainly I guess because it has
like that throwback memory for me i
watch and I get always memories rush
back but i like it i think is a great
movie I think it's pretty cheesy so nice
you're ready for i think i may be
because it's such an older movie like
I'm just like the whole I don't know
what the word is technology of it isn't
as like advanced I guess I just found a
corny acting all that kind of stuff like
very unrealistic I don't know I just
couldn't really get into it was your
reading and like a 66 a degenerate paper
go it's ok so for kids um we kind of
think this movie is geared more towards
preteens than little kids yeah your
little kids will like it our kids liked
watching it don't get me wrong there's
two parts in it that there were a little
bit freaked out about it was when
they're shrunk little there's like this
giant ant that comes in and then there's
another scene where the ant gets killed
spoiler by the scorpion so that are
really frequently no they didn't watch
that part we fast-forward oh yeah we're
view that the and got killed yours like
a feeling it's a little bit scary though
that first loose yeah I surely have hit
that part if you have kids they're
probably six and under that part might
be too much for them yeah but if you get
kids older than that no problem is that
scary yeah canon over but again doing
this is more geared towards preteen yeah
definitely so what do you think the
reading is for kids for you ah well like
preteen i would say seven and ten but
anything under that I
say like six out of ten or five even
maybe will you guys hear that thunder me
the story maybe even if I i would say
median yeah maybe six you're right 600
it's under five I mean under under ten
under ten so yeah that's it I love it
Vicki doesn't really like it that much
in the kids liked it it is a good start
to a series though so yeah that's good
watch one of those one another day yeah
alright so thanks for watching thank you
right
