hey guys how it's going welcome to
family movie review tonight we watch
despicable me 2 she's like a again it
was really really funny yeah it was
really good I see for adults is easily
10 out of 10 yeah there's nonstop funny
parts no I'm stuff like I'm laughing the
whole time and they have like jokes that
are funny for kids but also kind of
those Hayden adult oh yeah yeah the
hidden adult humor yeah so what do you
take for kids Oh for kids like reading
right yeah I would say like seven out of
ten just because there's a couple of
scary parts where the minions turn into
like purple monsters and a little kid
might be frightened by that and we don't
want your kids having nightmares or
anything so what age group you say
probably like five and under yeah josh
is 45 in under cautious 4 5 and under
yeah because I mean just for the purple
minions 0 which is at closer to the end
of the movie so watching it closer to
the end just start to be aware hey this
part is going to start to get a little
bit please make sure they're not
watching it by themselves like be in the
room kind of thing with them so that you
can either fast-forward or like explain
it to them or you know so it's not so
scary yeah but it's very short this
caper so it's not to get back yeah it is
so like the first time the movie you can
even turn off before that part wasn't
but the minis wrote the movie are
hilarious so surprising and we're just
cracking up at all of them like they
were like there's this so true I don't
know how to make characters that have no
like lines so funny it's an amazing
words so yeah if you're gonna look for a
movie tonight despicable me 2 would be a
great choice definitely hey thanks for
watching
