if I and I are gonna read the littlest
puppy kids Ricky
so we are outside on this beautiful
thursday morning it's so nice out
supposed to be really hot this afternoon
so we're getting her outside time now
and when I was cleaning the kids closet
the other day I found these brand new
package of water guns so I should come
out today we're going to try them out I
don't know if I record it last time but
the other water then so we had weren't
working and they couldn't push the
buttons and they weren't squirting they
just were not very good ones so really
hoping that these ones work for them so
that they can have some fun and when I
say we I mean Malachi cuz he's home
today and Brielle's here to play today
and these guys going to try one too he
really wants the bubbles you want
bubbles oh yeah yeah so we're in time I
like they make these water games really
hard for little kids like you push the
button and it hurts your finger so
they're not a big success either I think
next time we may get those guns were um
we saw them at the beach a lot and it
was like kind of like a pool noodle and
you like sucked up the water and then
you pushed it out and then the water
back really far those look like fun i
think we'll get those next summer you
see the big giant spider do you see it
where is it uh-uh look down there do you
see a guy right there Brielle yeah right
there straight ahead look did you see
him that's a big one eh I did gore hey
hey oh they're so gross they're
everywhere we have spires all over the
place here well guys I just came inside
lipton year and saw my triangle head of
hair from being out in the humidity and
bending over and cleaning and stuff
sorry I apologize for my awful look and
go fix it right now oh this is awesome
what
what oh oh my god I don't have that car
haha that's the best job I've ever seen
hahaha can I help you oh yeah oh you
rescued his house cool don't knock I
like towels Levi has a little victory
dance that he likes to do ready ready
Kelly by Oliva yeah yo Levi Levi Levi
you go back you're not I go now ok ok go
now hey go have any if I and I are gonna
read the little puppy Luke is Ricky
today the sun is up this am I I see a
shining in the sky ready to rise and
greet today I wake our brothers time to
play mommy gives us kisses sweet and
fills our bowls with food to eat I do
the breakfast nice as long nice and slow
I know it's time for me to go puppy
gonna get you I love to play a jerk
happy free and give up art even though
I'm so much smaller I run a little fast
after the ball one will your little
finger leave Ike he's jumping on Malik I
can't get up stand up and get him
stand up and get em Levi hey get him oh
nice 1000 brothers
