hey guys so Dante I got some fresh
picked Tomatoes so we're gonna make some
salsa what you need to make this salsa
is the pamper chef manual food processor
garlic press your pampered chef I've got
a cutting board and paper Chef cutting
knife so the food that you're gonna need
is tomatoes you can add them add them
fresh from the garden or you can get
them from the store if they're a little
too big you're gonna have to cut them in
half you need a jalapeno pepper some
cilantro a line garlic cloves and an
onion so we're gonna go ahead and start
making that now I'm gonna start by
removing the stems and cutting my cherry
tomatoes in half okay so the cherry
tomatoes are all done now and I'm gonna
the nice thing about these pampered chef
cutting boards you can just fold them a
little bit and slide everything in and
that way you don't have all the juices
and stuff running off the corners the
edges and getting all over the counter
so now the tomatoes are done I'm gonna
go ahead and get the other lime in there
so since this recipe calls for about a
tablespoon of wine I'm gonna go ahead
and crack this lime in half and once you
squeeze out a half the line it'll give
you about a tablespoons worth so just go
ahead and squeeze this puppy right in
there and that'll give it some really
nice flavor too next I'm gonna add the
cilantro now you can kind of put as much
cilantro as you like it's kind of a
preference thing but I usually go for a
good pinch like if you grab it and just
pinch off a fair amount and you can just
sort of go ahead and throw that into the
manual food processors
processor as well now I'll be putting
the two garlic cloves with the recipe
calls for and I'll be using the pampered
chef garlic press so you just put your
clove inside there and then you squeeze
out the garlic and then I like to use
this little scraper that comes with it
to kind of scrape it all into there
let's get the next one in there and this
gives you kind of a nice even supply of
garlic inside your salsa now I'm going
to go ahead and add my jalapeno pepper
this is also fresh from my garden Vicki
likes to have only half of a jalapeno
pepper but I like to have a full thing
looks like to spice it up you know get
that extra little kick in there so I'm
gonna go ahead and throw those in boom
boom boom it's gonna taste great and
finally you want to put about three
slices of a quarter of an onion in there
so you don't really have to cut that out
too if you don't want to now we're going
to put the Manuel food processor on and
I'll show you how to use it now with the
Manuel food processor we'll get it
and you can make this to be as thick as
you want it to be or maybe you don't
like it that thick then you can cut it
if you like it a little juicier than
just keep chopping away until it's done
but this is gonna give it all nice mixed
up and it's gonna break it down to nice
in place ice pieces to this share with
your party or whatever type of event
that you're playing to address that okay
so now I'm gonna go ahead and put that
in a bowl and show you what it looks
like and there you have it you got some
healthy homemade salsa and it's ready to
serve and you could keep it in the
fridge for as long as you want you could
can i maybe if you felt like canning it
up but iced me a small serving for just
for this examples for the example of
this video but you can't even put the
lid on this plastic take all these
pieces off and store that in the fridge
for your party the next day so if you're
looking for an easy quick homemade salsa
recipe that everybody's gonna love this
is it you see a few good pamper chef's
tools and you're good to go
so thanks for watching and if you're
interested in getting some of these cool
pampered chef tools that I was talking
about today go ahead and click on the
link below to Vicky's pamper chef
business page and she'll be able to help
you out hook you up with anything you
need and if you want to get this stuff
for free why not host a printer chef
party if you want to do that Vicky can
set up a Skype conversation with you and
you can have a one-on-one with her if
she can go over on all the great things
that you can get for free just by
hosting a party with your friends and
having a good time so yeah thanks for
watching and hopefully we'll see you
next time
