hey guys what's up so today we are
ordering some pampered chef stuff yeah
hey Vicky oh yeah the only problem is
i'm the host of the party but she's
trying to water all kinds of stuff I
should be the one getting everything no
it's my order to your party so you get
the host special an order whatever you
want there's one major stuff there are
some things I want from pember chef but
there's just one thing it's like a
picture that you fill up with water if
it has this cylinder in the middle and
you can put like veggies or whatnot
veggies okay so goes you feel like
different fruits and stuff like a citrus
fruits smell like limes oranges lemons
whatever any type of citrusy thing you
like inside of it and then you fill the
water ice and stuff like that and then
when you pour the water from in there
into your drink it doesn't get all the
chunky pulpy stuff you just get the pure
citrus water oh my gosh she's gonna be
it would be really good I wish Vicki
would order for me but she doesn't love
me so she hasn't order stuff for me just
for ourselves so selfish how you feel
about that not even a response that's
what that's the kind of stuff i get
around here so if you want to become a
pampered chef consultant all you got to
do is talk to us Vicki can sign you up
and you can start getting tons of free
pampered chef stuff like check out some
of this stuff boom it's like legit stuff
too it's not like Chief Oh things are
you getting premium quality cooking
stuff so yeah Vicki if you want to do
this tell us right now in the comments
Vicki will set up a skype conversation
with you you guys get a personal meet up
with Vicki and you can talk about the
pampered chef stuff and she'll show you
how to sign up and start getting your
stuff for free malkin want some pizza
who wants pizza now I'm having these
hams oh ok you want pizza yeah so random
that Dover's dr. Chinese leftover beetle
ah but you lost my spicy chili come file
size kung pao chicken he's come pass
spicy sauce I no worries she's like it's
in the fridge I'm like where the
pressure was in the doors I'm like it's
not in there she's like oh gives me the
look like typical Ned not in the fridge
i'm gonna move one thing and there it is
she clears everything else can't find it
she lost it I lost my chili sauce thanks
Vicki hey guys so I'm on this website is
called oziel glasses calm and you can
find a pair of glasses that you like and
then click on virtual try-on and then
you go on a webcam I get over here and
look it puts the glasses on you is that
cool or what and you can kind of see
what they look like look how cheap their
bonus so I'm gonna order a couple
glasses through here I think and see how
they look okay so Vicki's taking avenue
and maokai swimming but I stay here
because I'm a meeting at five so Levi
and I are gonna stay here and then leave
us gonna come to a meeting with me you
guys gonna go swimming you guys excited
yeah prolly yeah your friends are gonna
be there too you guys should come over
here come
swimming pool before it gets very cool
they say that today at church oh it's
good thing you're going today then
before it gets really cold Oliva and I
are just heading out because I got to go
to that meeting and I'll tell you a
little bit more about it after the
meeting then yeah that's what we're
doing they were coming back have some
coke gonna watch a movie with the family
I still just got back from my meeting
about 13 years ago or something and what
it was was at our church the guy who
normally does a youth group is like
super burnt out he's got so much stuff
happening next week so he asked if I
kiya join the team temporarily and help
out so I'm gonna help out with two weeks
of this month with the youth group so is
that time meeting talking about what
we're planning to do and tonight we're
gonna have an awesome movie night
javanese blowing up the air mattress I
love you can see his hand out here and
then we're gonna use that projector and
blast it on the wall over there it's
gonna be fun last movie night before
school so thanks for watching don't
forget to subscribe thumbs up and leave
some comments below and don't forget if
you're watching this now monday we're
gonna be releasing all kinds of new
stuff on our channel so i guess test
videos coming out on monday so you'll
see it all at once so let us know what
you think of the new channel stuff and
ancient i'm excited about it i'm nervous
about it i'm anxious about it so yeah
let us know talk to you later cookies
guy go now this is sunday family really
night done right check it out movies on
the screen I might put the air mattress
out so and then of course we've got our
cookies and popcorn cookies popcorn so
we are actually gonna start reviewing
movies that we do for our family movie
night so our first one I guess it's
going to be agent Oh excess what it's
called so we will pay attention and and
give a review let you know the family
friendly in 07
and the adults humor and stuff like that
well let you know so stay tuned
