hey guys what's up so I'm gonna start a
new serious with this video and it's
called shout out so basically I'm gonna
shout out songs to people who subscribe
to our channel people who leave lots of
comments other vloggers all that kind of
stuff so I'm starting off with 14 Janney
who's a frequent comment or below if
you've probably seen her if you've been
watching our Channel and this one goes
out to our son my toe this song is
called Hot Wheels
Oh
I
race cars speech
is raised
Oh
raised
really got long
thanks for watching guys and if you have
a person you want to shout out video 4
just let me know give me some details
and i'll go ahead and make show a song
for you and maybe you want a song done
for you because you've never had that
done before you think you know what I
just want a YouTube video to be made
with music for me so I can enjoy it
whenever I want just go ahead leave a
comment below I'd be happy to be the
person to deliver that to you anyways
thanks for watching and don't forget to
subscribe and check out our daily vlogs
because they're pretty reveal see you
later
Oh
racecars
really got along
