how bout you up yeah
levi's building a school temple which I
got any singing as you does is really
cute okay go do it again you got that
pieces Oh God ok Billy ready the temple
hey guys what's up so we are starting
our labor day weekend one day early yes
I'm the only one he say you actually had
a job that you didn't that you don't
have to go to tomorrow we're so yeah the
difference is I'm the only one who
actually works so that's why I'm excited
it was like what's the big deal we get
to stay home yay so we're gonna go
camping tomorrow yay buddy hey everyone
excited for camping yeah so we're just
going now to get all of our supplies for
camping yeah Walmart because it's the
only place in town that has a one-stop
shop then we're too tired to go
so who that's why we're going there this
is
so I looked after Brielle today and her
mom told me that her dad would take her
up today and have her younger brother
Beckett with with him because she had to
leave early because she was going
downtown to a Hanson concert are you
kidding me is that not hilarious yells
going dancing oh thanks if Brielle was
going to dancing yes it is going to a
Hanson concert I was like you so like
them as she was like well no not really
I mean you guys are so you don't go to a
concert unless you lighten Cordys those
be honest well she was a big Taylor fan
I actually loved them too and I was a
big zach fan which Famber you because I
know there's some Taylor his act lovers
out there from like high school days I
know there is yeah Big O little E&J
Gallo Hanson for ya yes exact memories
day so is she told me that I just
laughed so hard I was like that's
hilarious because like there's a
wonderful like I was from like high
school days so that just made me laugh
anyways so having a Malachai are gonna
be the parents now and we're gonna be
the judge no don't like a darkness mom
Oh myself dad are we there yet that's
two guys rock i driving no I want you
back on I'm not a member yet I want are
you say I don't want to be in the car
anymore I'm hungry how to go higher
earn my tummy hurts guys I think I'm
gonna be sick
hey guys so we're just finishing up the
night I'm so tired right now it's eight
o'clock and I'm like I feel like it's
like midnight sucks but we're going
camping tomorrow so that kind of rocks
and we're probably not going to get
videos up over gone because there's no
internet when you're camping so we're
probably start getting videos up on
Sunday night yeah probably sunday night
will start to get the videos up and get
ready for Monday because our channel is
going to start to look a little bit
different if you actually go to our
channel you'll see what it looks like
now and then on Monday there's going to
be some new categories and stuff like
that it's going to switch it up a little
bit i'm pretty excited about it so I
it's just to see what you guys think so
yeah see you guys when we get back from
camping
