but if you guys are the news that Tim
horns is being sold to Burger King
good morning everybody we are off to a
great start this morning it was only
nine o'clock in the morning and we are
all dressed and ready to go out for the
day I'm so impressed because that like
never happens in our family it's always
like 1030-11 then we run into lunch and
yeah so I'm really excited so we are
going to go back to school shopping for
the kids they need a couple of things I
want to get some comfy pants from alki
because it's hard for him to like to do
what buttons and stuff on jeans and
they're not very comfortable wear all
day at school so I want to get him some
comfy pants and a bini um wants to get
some new shoes and she wants to try to
get some with what thank you with laces
and why can you have sneakers with laces
and you know how to do it now right will
do i'm a video of that later to show you
that she had learned how to tie her
shoes in less than 10 minutes guys
craziest thing happens we're walking out
of the store and we're walking towards
the van and I'm like that's not our van
is our review cuz the doors wide open
like the back door right here like this
sliding door is wide open and I'm like I
came here via but that's where we parked
the Hesperian so I walked closer I'm
like yeah that's totally our van I'm
like oh my goodness the doors open out
the door get open and I remember locking
it and he said it be and what have you
near you're doing yeah to go in the open
door yes we closed it in time but
anyways I'm someone I'm like oh no like
that's the worst thing I remember
locking it and everything and I even
remember like the car that we parked
beside we um we're like making sure that
there's no car seat in the back because
we were kind of close was a squishy
parking spot and and so I remembered
like doing that and checking like oh
that I they wouldn't hit the door so I
member the door being closed so that's
so weird for me anyways I'm really
grateful because like Nick's wallet was
sitting right here like this right out
in the open like so much stuff in here
take our dps everything there's some
money there like it could have been
stolen and like someone could just
easily just help themselves to whatever
was in our vehicle
so I'm really really grateful that
nothing was taken guys I'm freaking out
right now cuz I don't know my kids are
I'm like seriously like we just came out
the doors and now they're gone so like
they're not here where's it go
where did my kids go
yeah they're hiding around this big
brick wall leave it to my boys in the
shoe store to get a shoehorn and start
having a sword fight you having a short
fight what do you think you're doing
mister so we're heading for Tim Hortons
for lunch and the whole building know if
you can see it through the window it's
all shut down they have so much
construction around it but it made it
look like the other side of the building
was open so I took the kids all over the
car and I walked around the other side
just completely closed they have it all
blocked off and there's just this little
trailer if you can see it over here see
it up window there's that little trailer
yeah that's all it has so like there's
no sit-down restaurant so now I called
Nick really quick and I was like Nick
we'll meet you up in warrens about your
work so we're gonna go meet up with him
really soon hey guys what's up so I'm
just waiting for Vicki we're supposed to
meet at this Tim Hortons and I don't
know where she is I guess she's just a
couple miles behind but yeah I'm on my
lunch break and the kids and then we're
gonna meet me as kind I say but if you
guys heard the news that Tim horns is
being sold to Burger King what crazy
right I hope they do because I love
burger king and I want all the to
morton's to be one of those zones were
like half is Tim orange than the other
half is Burger King because and there'd
be like a friggin Burger King everywhere
you go it'd be amazing and wiper
Wednesday's would be a whole new ball
game for me so fingers crossed that they
do buy them out I know a lot of
Canadians probably right now we're like
what is a matter with you why would you
want our candidate company to be sold to
America's uh who can
man give me some friggin whoppers I
don't care who owns a company just as
long as they're dishing out good prices
and good food the kids just pulled up
but they don't know here sighing to go
for a surprise
from their side CBC ah hey guys hey by
MIT sub you tell your new car hey sleepy
yeah we're gonna have some family lunch
hey okay we're finally on our way home I
can pretty much guarantee that all three
or at least two not including Avenue
will fall asleep on the ride home got
some sleepers in the car there's no car
headway and there's me by fast asleep
hey guys what's up so I'm just gonna go
ahead and end the vlog or in the middle
of a bunch of different projects right
now is you can kind of see dude
so yeah we're busy i'm tired i'm doing
some other stuff for my other channel
two is keeping me up all night anyways
if you haven't seen if you haven't
subscribed yet please go ahead and click
that subscribe button because we want
you part of the community man and don't
forget to leave some comments below and
give us a thumbs up if you liked this
video see you guys tomorrow
