hey guys what's up so we have if you
watch our vlog regularly you'll know we
have a business override so I need to go
in some of them kill them and in their
sleep so very much a sleep at night I
don't know this is true or not and I've
been in charge the person who can't see
in the dark very well because of my eyes
Hey a charge to go I'm not asking you to
I just think it's funny or like go in
the middle of the night and you can't
see anything
oh she's shopping there was a gun really
nice they would be sleep anyways we're
gonna gonna go try I'm gonna try and
video it's darker side I'm gonna trying
to my headlamp on or something at the
same time I don't know see if I can get
some light out there while I'm trying to
kill these billion bees yes sir so if
tomorrow there's no vlog posted you know
is because the bees go okay see outside
you
springing a whole entire nest and I
think I was standing too downwind from
it it was blasting all my face
how does tough isn't deadly poisonous
for people that was glass in your face
yeah
says long shot so how did that come
because it's sprays it's like a mist of
this poison with blowing at my feet yeah
there's no poison symbol though this
says flammable why didn't I pay
attention during WHMIS training a basic
woman's dream yeah witness I got to know
workplace hazardous information manual
identification I don't think so I am
saying for information money you're
wrong
anyways woman's it tells you what those
little symbols meet that one means
danger extremely flammable
this woman's explosive doesn't say
poisonous so I think I'm okay but yeah
pretty much got it good make it back
there's like 15 he's seeing as I boy
after a 48 hours
there's like 15 be sitting the side of
the thing just walking slowly it was
like a guard patrol walking sweetly and
I got up to it I was like I'm gonna get
this cuz this is not to go under it will
you spray it but I have to there's no
other way the instruction under so I'm
like comander spring is pouring down in
my kids all the line I'm gonna go wash
my face to say goggles probably a good
investment
yeah thanks Vicki sends me on the middle
of the night now she's like who should
wear some girl was a safety here thanks
so yeah that's how you kill a bee's nest
got any more questions
