you're locked in my life to the next
I wish that yesterday I had thought to
open up all my favorite chef stuff and
get that all done and cleared out
because it was recycling day yesterday
and now look what I'm stuck with all
these boxes these huge pink boxes all
that brown paper over there like so much
cardboard now so now I just got to take
it out and had the shed for another week
which sucks but that was my own fault
for being a procrastinator but I got all
the free stuff like God from paper chef
there's all this stuff like are you
seeing all this rock rock and stone
where two Baker's a small and medium one
bowl okay I always wanted one of these
dumb cookie scooper stainless steel
scooper and all these tools i got are so
neat new tongs a magic mop whoo um some
cookie decorating stuff a whole cookie
sheet and and Matt like so much stuff
I'm like throat so thrilled with it all
I'm really really happy so anyway so I
got um kitchen to clean still I didn't
show you yesterday the the final you
know big clean because I did finish go
Levi wants up yeah up please so I'm yeah
so I didn't finish so i will show you
when i am finished and hopefully that
will be today before lunch or something
cuz we've lots to do so my wonderful
daughter decided that she helped me
clean the kitchen she was busy sweeping
the floor are you doing with the
broomstick do you do with the tail look
at her tail all with a cute puppy um yes
mukesh me all these little piles oh the
crumbs on the floor okay leave I just
came over to me and gave me the cutest
smile and how
here Avenue sunglasses looked up at me
was like cheese and I missed it need you
can you put your sunglasses I say cheese
hey jeez don't bite them ah jeez oh so
cute just enough to sink washing dishes
and so I just gotta hear this over here
it looks up at me with that cute face in
the sunglass sounds like jeez what you
doing now sitting in your chair hey guys
it's not we're going over to our friends
house for supper today and they have a
swimming pool so it Michael swimming
depending how the weather turns out to
be and the kids are excited hey guys
swimming pool yeah and I just found it
this morning i'm probably going to be
going to buffer festival so if you're
going to that send me a message cuz
maybe we'll meet up or see each other
there or something we're going to the
same screening so yeah should be a lot
of fun where is in toronto in the t duh
oh alright let's go guys shoes on gotta
go so we finally got lehigh in the pool
she's freaking out so daddy had to go in
ah i get stay out you get to go in
except the pools heated so it's actually
really nice I'm colder out than he is
and but well make a little TV today
under yeah no no don't know I'm cheatham
eyes cry babies starting to go
no Avenue got really brave and if i take
her life jacket off in the pool she can
see that can you stand up in the bull
your goggles on way to go ok Paul teen
assuming the butt cuz he tells me this
gun doesn't hurt so we'll see this is
the kind of stuff you do in small towns
what a corner mr. you give me the black
goes out the back you're in the cheap
inside you prefer what she you're funny
geez man he was ranging liar nah he was
wearing gianna guys wearing jeans better
skies okay I'm gonna call in sick
tomorrow that was the Red Ryder red
writer gray don't we people shoot at you
like or yeah or make sure that they're
shooting at you you have a better BB gun
waiting for them so it's like after nine
o'clock and i promised melody
cup holder for his bed tonight and we
didn't know we're gonna be so late at
our friends house so now we're having a
late night shop at Walmart this is the
picture no its cart yeah okay maokai
you're only a cup holder for your bed
okay let's go
