so Nick and I got nominated by our
longer friends the Bowden's to do the
ALS ice bucket challenge
morning guys so today is actually
Nichkhun ours anniversary at nine years
today so you know I'm gonna do with what
you normally do and that's go change
your facebook status and put up profile
picture of your wedding day so I'm gonna
go to that right now and Nick didn't
even realize today was the 20th I was
like happy Anniversary goes isn't it the
19th today and I was like nope it's 20
and then he was like he's like oh and
you checked his phone he's like oh happy
Anniversary has he don't leave like Vin
realized the date so anyways um so now
he's off at work he was in a rush to
leave if he was late so it's actually
like recycling day and so he didn't have
time to do it so now as my anniversary
gift I get to go and collect all the
recycling and garbage and take it out to
the curb so a happy Anniversary to me
the kids and I made some popsicles this
morning and now it's three o'clock and
so they're ready to eat them so we just
put some grape juice inside and it's not
good it's not unlike you seen it's
frozen right yeah awesome okay guys I'm
looking on the taste is so I get these
obstacles out of here would you like use
a knife and like stab at it and break it
apart how is happening like good oh yeah
your turn hey guys what's up its my
anniversary with my butt so beautiful
this is make me tacos it's one of my
favorite meals and yeah I have this
tradition with Vicki that every year i
give her a letter that talks about kind
of like what hi love is better for the
last year whatever is over good and i
give her a letter do you like it yeah
and then shake your IQ the first year we
got married I wrote her a letter and I
got a chest mojito the back I don't know
where it is to you I'll get the box /
like okay here's a box so I got her as
his Vicki's love letters there's a
picture of us on our wedding
it so I put every time I gear make her a
letter or whatever she puts it inside
this box and then you look back over the
year like see all the letters I wrote
her stuff like that that's that'd be
kind of cool you like it oh yeah yeah I
love it what do you guys do for your
anniversary do something special every
year do you have a tradition write in
the comments below let us know what s up
you do next year next year is going to
be a big way play now I'm not do
anything to love love so Nick and I got
nominated by our longer friends the
Bowden's to do the ALS ice bucket
challenge so it's stayin re OS yesterday
of juice in 24 hours and today is our
anniversary and I have to get ice water
on my head on my anniversary something
fun to do is a couple isn't it so
anyways we're just getting ready for it
now and then just bracing myself at
least like my hair's not done i have no
makeup on so it's a good time to do it
so I was like scared going down my face
so anyways Nick's got the care all setup
to record it and he's got a cooler of
ice cold water to dump on us the kids
are thinking it's funny they're like
haha we don't have to do it you do Levi
likes getting in the water oh like oh
it's so cold nixon area is swim shorts
i'm wearing my sim shorts ok when black
blocks good color to wear when you get
water on you ok here we go ok guys so we
just did it and it was absolutely
freezing cold oh so cool least is warm
out today yeah today it's really muggy
like 30 degree weather even though looks
in the dark and like overcast it's
actually really warm out I'm not bad
stop yeah like I'm still feeling pretty
cold but anyways he's going to go change
first then I'm gonna go change well the
kids are outside um but yeah make sure
you check out the link will put it like
right here yeah so check out the link
and you can see us I get the ice water
on her head for our anniversary hey I
glad they didn't do an ass we should
have nominated you to do it I know Nate
abney now is that gay since I wouldn't
do that to my precious kids I thought
about nominating my parents so my mom is
like I don't think that'd be good for my
health so I didn't hey guys yes so we're
just having our anniversary party thank
you Tim so we're watching spiderman
marathon so just watched amazing
spider-man one now and it means part of
me too so you know what she do we should
go watch amazing spider-man 3 in tears
wrong we can tomorrow a busy a plan
already the day after anyways so that's
what we're doing tonight and so yeah
thanks for watching don't forget
subscribe give us a thumbs up and leave
some comments below yeah and even if you
want everything yourself man I like
these guys blog so much go on other
vloggers channels and tell them hey you
should go check it yeah become friends
the word we try to come friends with
some other bloggers and they don't talk
back with ya but we will talk back with
you definitely definitely talk about
with you yeah we'll talk about with you
every comment every comment I promise
promise even if you say that was great
I'll be like thank you for saying that
is great are you gonna do say ah that
sucks like thank you for saying like
don't ever come to my channel again
we're really nice and polite Canadian
see ya okay so that's it we're gonna go
watch our movie now because the last one
was two hours long are you trying to get
me to hit stop no you gotta started now
cuz I gotta work tomorrow yea though
okay back goodbye
