how many wants me to tell you about
something that is underneath our deck
you're not very happy about there's a
wasp nest egg
guys check out my loot I haven't my
front door I have to organize my kitchen
and figure out where I'm going to put
all this free pampered chef stuff check
it out oh yeah oh yeah put on my back
I'm a freestyle ebony fell asleep in her
bed she went in there to be upset and
then she fell asleep so she's having a
nap in the bedroom and his Levi's nap
time but I want him to cry and wake her
so I'm trying to snuggle with Levi on
the chair say night-night Levi name they
may kick a dog on a night oh you want a
hug oh they night Levi okay we'll try
we'll keep trying baby so just got back
from the grocery store with the kids and
the reason why they wanted to go there
is cuz ebony had ate some smash cookies
that she calls them downstairs at
Grandma's one day and she's been
creating them ever since see my jester
how's grandma she had any as she did it
so we end up walking to the store oh
yeah and God smash cookies and easier
what she's talking about those like
raspberry marshmallow puff things so how
do you eat an AB and E you're going to
show us later how to eat it okay she's
going to show you later how to eat a
smash cookies how many wants me to tell
you about something that is underneath
our deck you're not very happy about
it's a wasp nest and yes a big one and
it's full of bees or so many so I have
to look into what we can do about it but
apparently I have to spray something on
their hive thing whatever it's called
and make um at night when they're
sleeping there's so many there's
swarming under there you should see this
thing I don't want to go that close
because I'm terrified of bees let my gal
probably but Donnie might do a video or
I can kind of sneak over there a little
bit try to show you a glimpse of it
there's already bees out
and around it okay take my camera honey
flower it's 31 flying around you can see
that okay I can't do it anymore there's
so many Avenue is going to show us how
to properly smash the cookie okay now
Shane you break off the chocolate pieces
hey let's see Malcolm oh nice okay what
you do now take the whole marshmallow
off and the Phillies you suck it out mmm
good mm-hmm I'm skinny and bottom okay
oh you put the whole thing in your mouth
Oh cookie there you go and that's how
it's done people kids and I are having
at work and I using day because the toys
were getting all messed up and then we
couldn't closed lids properly the
ottoman would close stuff with love yeah
and I found it today when I was back me
and yeah so all the toys are all mixed
up and pieces are missing for toys so
we're getting all the pieces back
together and like organizing all our
little compartments back in order Abby's
doing a great job with that yeah I get
that make sure you all the dolls in the
one bucket yeah and I gotta work on this
there's all the animals we found cars in
there we found nation there we found a
whole bunch of stuff in there that
didn't belong so yeah they're working
really hard to believe I he's slacking
off your building oh yeah you're having
fun with these blocks okay I needed I
gotta go
