guys my date is absolutely insane today
I've got oh how many kids here one two
three four five six I've got six kids
under my care three of them are wine but
still and you guys be my living room why
is it so messy what were you guys doing
yeah they wrap like all these presents
and bags and have the tissue paper and
everything and then Malik I pretended it
was his birthday and just destroyed the
presence and Steven dump them out too
hey guys so I just went to answer the
door and the kiss passports came except
we only got to I got to I three kids so
we're missing a Malachi's passport so
we've got two right now Levi Navin ease
and ours is waiting for Malachi's I'm
like why with that come together but
hopefully this week we can start booking
to cruise ship cleanup time I'm not
giving them any food no lunch until they
finish cleaning up that's my rule I
brought up the potty outside so that tan
frio could use it tyne and abroad and
ash had to go and now okay I mean I'm
not okay the kids ready mixed up Levi is
like using it like a like a tower and he
like keeps standing up on it he like did
you get up day all by yourself yes did I
go potty yeah Oh what let's go potty
okay okay no accidents today we're
determined hey guys so I ordered this
stove from this company bargo and I got
it and I used to once and then I don't
know what happened i went to go use it
again and one of the little hinges was
busted and i couldn't set it up properly
so i emailed them and told them like
what should I do now and they were like
well give us your address was any
another one and then you sent me another
one then that's like to see it or like
whatever there's like cool and they send
me another one and I said up right now
i'll show you it looks like it's
subscribe to our blog okay so you fold
it all out and it looks like this it got
a little door and you put sticks and
twigs and everything like that in there
and then you start your fire you put
your pot right on top simply and that's
a camp stove baby hey guys what's up so
my friend Carrie from work just got back
from Spain and checking where she got me
her bar there yo it s kazi dis siviglia
yeah I probably and pronounce that right
but it sounded cool so it's a tee and
it's a herbal tea and it smells so good
and you know what it smells like I don't
know if you've ever had these before but
they're called fuzzy peaches they're
like a little candy and they're like
peach and like a different shade at ph
or something i don't know but this
smells like fuzzy peaches and it looks
pretty good I can't wait to try it I'm
really excited I made a whole friggin
teapot of it so it's gonna be get I'm
sure of it and you know what it feels
like it's gonna be a good iced tea too
so I'm gonna try to let you guys know I
know that Nick already end of the vlog
but something happens tonight when i got
home ok so i have beginner's giant
spider innovate hey so all day today I
had loading a new parenthood episode and
I was really excited to watch last night
we tried to watch it together and it
wouldn't work so going so um this
morning I was like camping the Lotus
will be ready to go so we can watch it
well I had paper chef meny say which was
awesome by the way you should totally
join um but he acts we were nice tired
ok trainee give you a wet ability yeah
you were pretty close anyways as I was
saying so I got home I paper chef me is
probably what I was like ten o'clock and
so I was like Nick let's watch the show
and I was like I was like I had it let
me all day it's like saying we could go
watch it and he's like I think I closed
it he never goes on my computer ever
ever ever why you going my computer and
play got my computer in the car and he
took the car so you had him on my
computer and he had to close my windows
I thought that it was because we try to
washington st. show last night so I
thought it was loading from last night
and it was like the Boche want like
there's no good so I just went on and
changed the website something else I was
gonna watch another movie and didn't
work so EE I'm so disappointed so now i
don't have my show to watch hey guys
what's up so the t's cool down mmm
tastes good it almost tastes like fuzzy
beaches it tastes really good too
anyways thanks for watching and don't
forget to subscribe thumbs up leave us
some comments and remember that we want
to get to know you guys too so I mean
feel free to comment tell us what's
going on say maybe if we're doing
something that you also find interesting
comment about it we like to get to know
what you guys like as well alright see
you tomorrow
