hey guys what's up so Vicki and I are
about to go on our first house build
meaning that what you thought was you
call I'm meeting with new home builders
so we're really excited to experience
this and go check it out stuff we're
gonna drive around the town that we're
going to because not the same time we
live in now but Vicki's really not sure
of this is where she wants to live yeah
I really like the house design in the
model and everything is just the area
i'm not sure about where me on the other
hand really wants to live there so we'll
have to see Vicki just wants to be
around shopping that's all she cares
about honestly I like much oh your
eminences you just like shopping
somebody making toffee and I'm talking
about like shopping get groceries and
shopping being like really close to it I
can just shop around the corner or not
drive 20 minutes skip to the groceries
the grocer is in that town about 20
minutes away it's just not Walmart
how many my purse watching cares man
guys leave I was the best little boy in
the entire world today we were probably
in there what tummies are pointing to
and I got out of there at four so Levi
was in there for two hours didn't whine
didn't complain didn't cry did fuss he
was quiet and SAT there the whole time
so gay know that there was a kid here he
was so good do anything he was excellent
really love you so you want to tell them
what we did we just bought a house well
we signed up first yeah contracts OD
firm up but we have 10 days to sign up
completely but like we basically just
bought a house we got um how much money
in free upgrades 35 45 we got over fifty
thousand dollars in upgrades for free
yeah I guess so hey cuz we got 50 35,000
given to us yeah and then 17,500 that we
could do ourselves yep that's really the
same man you guys this house is gonna be
so bomb can't wait to tell it's gonna be
so good the best thing is they said they
could probably finish it before the
school year and we saw this other house
on the street we're like that I was just
freaking giant it is the ocean we're
gonna get all that we're getting so
we'll show you more details about it
later but we have to get back home
because Vicki's my home I can't watch
her kiss forever yeah hey nippy we could
build your tower still do power you spit
out our tuk libby build your tower girl
you're sorry okay oh wait meet me oh no
come on they get our fall over okay
ready do-do-do-do-do-do Oh kaboom naked
all over I mean Noctowl your tower I was
trying to show your teeth in there look
at those teeth coming in teeth coming in
ah Libby Libby kaboom kaboom kaboom hey
girl you can see those teeth Lucy
Dusty's coming in there do ya its you on
the bottom Mickey it oh here d building
up the temple building up the temple
building up the Temple of the Lord boys
want to help us girls trying to help
birth building up the Temple of the Lord
yay
