hey guys what's up so I'm just doing my
brother's engagement photo shoot with
him and look at where he sits me oh look
at that stuff I can't barely move man
I'm doing this forum for no charge just
because I love them this is where he
hits me geez anyway the poser training
are really good i'm going to post a
couple of them up on our channel was
like during this video probably right
now and then you can see you and tell me
weeks ago
hey guys so we're at the next photo
shoot spot we've already done two spots
so it's going pretty good i'm pretty
excited but here is the church that
we're gonna take some photos at its nice
man it's really nice i like a lot it's
like an old-style church so like they
got pues I got that is even smells old
you know I'm talking about if you're a
church person you know what I'm talking
about that old church pew smell yeah
that's what this place is like so I show
you the inside but it's kind of dark
it's not going to work in the video
maybe I'll show you later but yeah so
we're almost on the photo shoot last
spot
look what Levi did to his shirt Levi
here he took his arm out somehow and
he's chewing it you're sure you're gonna
wreck it I'm silly boy silly boy and now
he wants the camera hey guys what's up
so the photo shoot is officially over it
went really good and I ended up getting
over 600 photos and I know you're
cheating holy crap dude that's a lot of
photos but like it's my brother's stuff
so we have a lot of fun photos too so
I'm gonna spend a lot of time to go
through those any of them stuff and now
we're on our way to the wedding winning
day though yeah look at the wedding day
you want one that's okay Raymond
thunderstruck on our wedding day too but
if they got photos the same time I was
taking photos they're really good yes
michael is an amazing
yeah sure anyway so we're going off to
winning and we'll show you what it's
like we get in this tiny little purse
closely yet we're having a massive
wallet today don't have lots of money
what is that wallet maida
my mom is the best part I guess I just
not like the language school
okay so we're in the reception area and
check out all the cool stuff check out
that cool setup they're putting like
little words of advice over there my
word of advice was when in doubt talked
it out and I don't have any biggie can't
think of anything can you believe a
white go that doesn't he can't even
think of a single thing it's pretty bad
so yeah check it out this is pretty nice
it's like a tropical garden and they've
got this all these lights up here yeah
that's pretty cool and dance floor and
waterfall yeah it's cool okay what you
dance here we going oh man bitches be
ready to beginning with our people did
the prettiest anarchy the flowers not
just for dradis isn'ta bars they're
holding it comes to put look at they
last like little candles for
Oh favor
we're doing like a game or something we
didn't even have a dance at our wedding
we just strictly did be it was really
fun
you
you can you
I'm from any time so just I need a blog
we got back from the wedding and we're
pooped out mixer my mother and he called
me the party pooper I don't old man
anyways so yes makeups up bobby pins are
out jam user on and ready for bed so
just a quick little reminder for you to
subscribe to our channel to click the
like button and give us a thumb up
please oh and leave some comments please
he doesn't know what she's talking about
when you asked me to end your thumbs up
leave a comment and don't forget to
subscribe negatively when he said
