leave I wanted up he's like so scared of
the parents and the lizards and
everything
we've got herself a windy day today so
we're going to go to the open field and
do our kites because the kids have been
like house bound for the last couple of
days because of all the rain and storms
and stuff so we're going to finally get
outside for some fresh air and have a
great time yes we do who is over and it
yep I met his mom are here too so we're
getting ready to go we're all bundled up
here there's sweaters and our sweat
pants and everyday yang some jacket cuz
it's cold it's like only 14 degrees
outside and it's like mid-august that's
crazy whoa we bounce your brother
Malachi I don't think you should do that
no you're in grandma's car and all three
are switched in the back knee vilest now
the guy I'm ebony on the back of gunfire
Malachi why is your seat so cool no fat
there's no back whoa that is cool its
first time this is first time with a
booster seat without a back does it feel
cool j's in your old chair yeah this is
me they you cuz you're such a big boy
now
whoa I can follow them so we're going to
a christian bookstore and I don't know
why we're but the kids have just been
housebound like oh we oh we r following
the tree truck that was at our house
taking down the trees or following it so
that's why they're getting excited and
screaming about it oh it was the tree
track they turned my tree track so in
the christian store and that they have
this coolest shirt that we're gonna get
for Nick okay this is a guitar and it
says don't fret God is with you and then
it has his favorite verse clippings 461
but do not worry about anything that
pray about everything tell about any
thank you for what he's done that kind
of one yeah and it's just don't fret and
a front I'm the guitar is right here so
don't fret so cute it's not cute it's
manly it's really cool I think I like it
and then I want to buy this thing if
it's a good price or if you can see it
jungle animals in the beginning God
created the heaven in New York because
that looks just like their bedding and
the whole safari theme so that would
look really good in a room and then
someone will be on their walls and I
feel better about it
subscribe to our blog so i don't know if
i told you guys this or not but the pet
store right by our house closed down its
we used to go there all the time the
kids they had so much fun and then even
when we drove far into town for four
church on our way home from church we'd
stop and a pet store and stuff too so
it's been a while since the kids have
been to a pet store and so we just
finished at the christian bookstore and
so grandma had a good idea and said
let's go to the pet store i know there
were so excited we're probably gonna see
like puppies and maybe they'll have
kittens oh maybe we'll get a kitten I'm
skinny am I I don't know leave I want it
up he's like so scared of the parents
and the lizards and everything hey PA
what's that on the third sample oh look
at the fishies oh okay fishies fishies I
know feces this is so weird not like him
at all you scared of little pets okay so
I'm trying to play wii with appetit and
then i walked away for a second she
pressed some button is giving us like
two hours of we instructions and you
cannot exit it thanks ave takes Avenue
oh wait we can leave it yes finally we
were wait for so long play wii I don't
even know what she pressed it yet
laughing I know but I don't know what
you were selected okay we're gonna go
play some weed out okay Avenue maokai
gonna have a ninja battle
go mark i swing sweetie nice nice job
whoo look good job scissor splash hey
guys what's up so I'm just gonna go
ahead and end the vlog hey there's a
little smudge on there let me tell ya
there we go so yeah I'm just gonna have
an end of vlog thanks for watching don't
forget to give us some thumbs up
subscribe and leave some comments below
because we want to become friends with
you guys we don't want this to be
another one of those blogs or people
vlog you try and leave comments they
never respond you're like dude come on
why don't you ever respond to the
comments le like i watch your videos I
put the time of an effort to leave a
comment this thoughtful that I that I
really want to hear a response or if I
mean you never respond so we're not
going to do that to you guys I promise
you so if you leave a comment below I'm
getting answer and it's probably going
to be within 24 hours to that's pretty
fast for bloggers anyway so yeah leave
some comments thumbs up and don't forget
to subscribe because we want you guys to
be part of this I'm trying to build a
sweet community here so yeah see you
tomorrow
