nick is counting the rings on the tree
shtetl prosper oh you gave up so now my
mom's doing a 980 one two three four
five at least 8660 there's probably
going cuz it's a stupid bug
hi guys so I'm pretty tired Shay I
didn't have a really good sleep um I was
up to like oh I don't know four in the
morning or something like that and then
this morning I wake up to tell and then
this morning I woke up to the arborist
are here cutting down the trees so it's
a kind of noisy um yeah so see you out
there see how the trees on the road the
pylons taking our tree down look at they
already took one you see that stump yeah
this one's going and this one's going
this one's going right now like no trees
in our yard and we so bear i feel like
we won't be as hidden anymore I'll just
be like yeah here we are hey I can't see
you anymore the kids are looking out at
the big Chuck take in the trees away no
gonna dull a look at there's people like
perched on their their lawn chairs
outside of the driveway watching it all
like a big show you guys like watching
it's pretty cool late yeah they go so
high up and then they use this big lunch
or something they take it down
enjoy this thing that goes in like in
the bay boat that goes down yeah you're
right then it's goodbye hi diggin and
then they chop it all up right honey put
it in there then they cut it then they
put in that yeah ok so I'm all kinda are
gonna go look at the tree stumps now
because the trees are completely gone
where'd it go where's the guy cut it off
yeah now there's no tree anymore which
is a big stump man this would have made
a really nice coffee table game okay
yeah very funny can we put food on there
and eat it so they're supposed to take
that treaty but they forgot it that's
like the most dead 120 well yeah they're
gone Levi likes the stumps in the yard
nothing on the stump to blue well I go
caddy when do you think whoa whoa Oh
class get a jump over oh that was so
close Avenue nick is counting the rings
on the tree stubble pastor oh you get
back down now my mom's doing a 980
two three four five at least 86 there's
probably going cuz it's a stupid bug huh
okay so we were not watching Levi for a
few seconds and look what happened you
color marker all over the floor did you
do that yeah you color marker all over
yeah you did die ok you're not supposed
to do that no okay hey no coloring on
the floors yeah no you don't color on
the phone and Abby's just writing a
literature pen pal from the bottoms
channel it's yummy or you could say some
videos we're gonna send them a jar of
jam so if you have checked out their
channel yeah go check it out i'll put a
link below and you can see what their
but there are other bloggers to so
you're probably like hey guys so I'm
just gonna put Levi to bed as I do some
vlog editing and stuff but yeah I just
want to say thanks for watching this
video don't forget to give us a thumbs
up and subscribe if you haven't already
subscribed we have put out a video every
single day so just think if you don't
subscribe you're missing out on a lot of
videos because every day adds up pretty
quickly really by know he's never on my
side for things you know he's always no
no no anyways don't forget to watch us
tomorrow see you later
