living it up at the paper chef
conference italia
so we are just at the gas station
getting gas and then we're on our way
and we are so tired because it's like
six in the morning and we have to drive
like another hour so so crazy and we're
really excited though and when I say we
it's me my friend Nicole who is getting
gas right now so anyway she'll probably
be a couple the other videos coming up
okay going up the escalator check it out
oh my
look they have a waterfall to
outside of the motel
but inside the hotel
so family living it up with papers Jeff
Howorth Italia I got this little Disney
things out the incentive trip you can
win a little carries and everything set
up and then inside there's like dancers
are dancing so
pretty upper class if you ask me Nicole
is going to enjoy her croissants that
she got from the little cafe let's see
that thing is it monstrous no it's
working oh yeah yeah it's just wet start
we just finished our first meeting I was
really fun get you pumped up and yeah oh
my goodness ago he meets on it holy cow
yep so that's going to focus it in the
front you got in this drawer whatever
not like a reserve front seat so on I
myself
life
dessert I get to
so we just SAT through an hour and a
half for an hour 15 minute workshop and
now we have another one to go to and so
after it was over they had a whole thing
of ice cream bars to wake me up for your
next workshop so I was not enough in
that one cuz it was my quiet time so you
know so so awesome so you're cool and I
are in a breath because we had to lift
these big heavy boxes these are called
our surprise packs that we got and
they're so stinkin heavy right like
super heavy and we don't have our
husbands to carry them for us look Nick
where are you and I need you I tell ya
and I'm waiting to open it till I get
home so you can be surprised too cuz i
love you finally made it up to our hotel
room after that Fiasco but um yeah this
is our hotel room the bands and then we
have a view of let's see busy you
downtown super busy okay I began to play
over there guys I wish you could smell
what I'm smelling through the camera
well actually no I don't wish you could
smell it cuz it's absolutely disgusting
but someone smoking pot in the hall and
that's all you can smell but it's so
stinky in here and like I feel like it's
all my clothes and everything now it's
so bad Oh what people think in nicole's
over here all frustrated and mad at me
because I brought these puzzles to do
and she can't figure it out did you
wants to kill me but I can't talk then
exactly how to finish I just spent like
oh I don't know 20 minutes finishing
this one I thought it would be fun but I
think I was wrong okay where I'll tell
them go pretty fine and now we're gonna
head down to our our big gala banquet so
we're excited looking forward to that
should be fine except we're exhausted
and we we already live discussion
translate this is a bit of like midnight
oh my god I'm wedding reception it's so
crazy for my salad
live it up at these conferences
I bet you want to join now my supper
I'm in the temporary women's washroom
and look what they did to the urinals
even flowers in them I was gonna be
kicked out of it alright guys I'm going
to sign off for tonight I hope you
enjoyed watching my paper chef
conference experience and um yeah so
it's now just ten o'clock and they have
this big like dancing going on to like
midnight and the colon are like you want
to go we're both so tired we're moms
we're tired weed to get before 30 this
morning so um yeah we're ready to crash
except we're just wanting to play or our
puzzles here and still trying to figure
them out so maybe we'll be up later than
we thought but we are pretty tired so we
will see you in the morning
