all right check out how big this snake
is so rattlesnake gummy brings me long
how's it Malik I got you
Brielle I have something in here you
want to see it there's something behind
this door you haven't seen yet cuz last
week you were camping and you didn't
come over look what we have do you see
what's that do you see the Kate what's
in the cage do you want to see what's in
the key what is yet this is felix and
i'm looking after him first for um my
cousin look what is that hey do you like
it or no yeah he's all poki isn't he
he's sharp you can't touch him he's
sharp pit huh he says thank you for the
food thanks for coming and checking on
me and get me some food argonaut I can
have yoga mat how we can get him more
and then we get some work why don't you
follow that mm-hmm isn't it cute when
you eating you can hear him hey guys
check it out my first cherry tomato from
my garden I cannot wait to try it
mmm-hmm d freakin delicious I can't wait
for more and there's thousands growing
so it's gonna be good and if you're
interested in check out my garden I have
liked a playlist for all my gardening
stuff you can check out it's pretty cool
right now is barbecuing well I'm about
to be barbecued Things Are Hairy ah come
on get that by Mourinho I'm still hungry
and you me some food I'm going to go to
Canyon you in that position candy no
Vicky it's time for you to grow up and
stop eating candy like an adult yeah
you're at me but it was close to make me
trying to all these clothes there's
barely any there ik me I cried on a full
bin ok so my brother and sister-in-law
got rid of all kind of stuff so I'm
trying on my brother's stuff and at the
bottom of it is her wedding dress look
her wedding dress secret I don't know if
she forgot her she forgot her wedding
dress inside this pile of garbage
clothes so I hope that she still wants
it if not I feel bad throwing it away
don't you try and sell it anyway so yeah
I'm gonna start BBQ it before I get in
trouble from the wife she'll beat the
crap out of me me you guys think she's
small but she's big man she'll kill me
man you guys just missed like funniest
saddest thing at the same time planning
inside funny and sad right what was so
funny I'll catch it on the house two
inches no cuz um may I got a guy over
there and oh you can't understand her
cuz she's chewing gum up ever can't
understand her I'll fill you in um Nick
was giving them some chives from the
garden to try and they're both like
notices and then Nick goes to Malachi go
rinse your mouth out with the hose he
goes okay so he picks up the hose and
I'm like what are you doing cuz I'm like
he can't do that and then he turns it on
full blast so of course he goes it
sprays himself completely in the face
and like he's so poor disposed to go out
by the way not my gag to him and then
the holes he dropped it and then
squirted right Nick and got him on the
deck so needless to say they are both
inside getting changed because they're
soaking wet and malp I was pretty upset
about that's why I said funny inside
Kasey's upset that he got screwed over
to turn it off and then you turned it
off Jack from yeah there you go it was a
big spray of the hose like it was on
like maximum or something I was like
Nick think before you say something
through your child who will do it Levi
come see taffy he's thinking let me go
they want you right away walk nice I
works i had just go cover like that what
yeah he cool there he goes it's not like
Curt it's not like afraid of other
person yeah yeah let's kill the top of
his head don't do it gentle be so funny
a taffy bit him right now because he was
just like finally accepting it he
doesn't know what it's been giving
animals your cue to fuck me and you saw
her look it ok show me what you got whoa
take him over to do Vicky you should
take them over to the bed and take one
of the snakes out and show them how big
it is all right check out how big this
snake is it's a rattlesnake gummy
Frankie long how's it Malik I got you
hey all the candy in here and Nick's
gettin T ginseng green tea oh yeah
sounds good mmm look how good nose he's
not like onion by the way a general
bitch hey guys so we're just gonna end
the vlog the he's ditching us hey he
ditched last weekend and then i have i'm
going to a pamphlet know that you Mickey
dolly be we're had the best time of her
life we went to the candy store I got so
much gaining yeah I'm gonna hike the mat
we're gonna blow up the inflatable
mattress or watch movies there have fun
we're gonna have a lot of fun and then
what everything is the idol reveal okay
guys 10 go to better over father Isaac
they totally are cuz it was bought yet
no feeling I'm gonna miss Garrity to are
crying tonight I don't know why we ever
do stuff without each other let me see
so much okay anyways thanks for watching
this video please subscribe to give us
some thumbs up and don't forget to
comment below cuz we want to have
conversations with you to leave some
comments can't keep talking to myself
here ok thanks watches CT
