hey guys I just do a little vegetable
garden update so check it out welcome to
the jungle I got tons of tomatoes
growing everywhere inside here going
nuts which is good and my hot peppers
don't have any hot peppers yet but as
you can see i'm getting quite a few hot
pepper flowers and zucchini they're not
doing very well they keep growing and
then like yeah we're over there it's
like rotting now it was like almost done
and then just started running I don't
know why but yeah there's tons of
tomatoes stuff who try and get up to
here show you some of these cucumbers
check this out everywhere love cucumbers
so glad about that but look there's a
tomato almost ready I can't wait for it
so yeah I'd say yes my stuff is doing
pretty well there it is hard to even get
in there around here now ah cuz it's so
much stuff it's going all the way up
over the top
comes in tomatoes even on the top of her
they looked up here in the top tomato
everywhere growing so yeah hopefully
we'll get to eat them soon well here's
our pepper yes jalapeno cool so yeah
anyways thanks for watching and I hope
that your garden is going really well
this year if it is leave some comments
below let me know how your stuffs
growing even post a video response and I
can see it but yeah thanks for watching
guys
