Watsky caddy he always wants to get out
the door
hey guys what's up so I just Wayne got
another external hard drive because ours
is full from all the blog's that we're
making for you guys so now I just have
to go and set up this one with some
tamari like content that I use all the
time and I'll be good to go for some
more vlogs good news for you and I'm
also going to mcdonalds right now and
not to eat but to attempt to exchange
some of the toys at me has from previous
poison had because she really likes the
ones am now so i'll just see if i can
change those and I'll show you what
she's getting so we decided to go
outside for a walk to go get the cat
food and get garlic bread first and
supper and we thought it was a great
time to leave because it was really nice
and sunny when we left by the time we're
out of the store now it's raining so is
it right knee all morning and we waited
for the opportunity to go out in the Sun
and now it's raining on us you're gettin
wit maokai come on bud let's get back
home Malachi let's go okay so we just
got to my aunt's house we're gonna go
feed the cats what what what what guys
what do something buh buh bye oh that's
a mosquito eater eating skills ah Go Go
honey okay he's like I'm giddy out of
here still right there watching from the
deal they're waiting at the door that's
right there that can be watching fat cat
oh yeah keep
I brought more food for you yeah they
did you are my skinny cat looks like you
want some of that food it's like a
cemetery oh they're so cute i love you
guys so much you're just so cuddly and
soft and not okie like a hitch I like
fat guy I love them both you're so bad
still cute and so sweet and soft you
seek a big fat god you need a brush love
them can I get their brush what's tea
caddy he always wants to get out the
door huh go back I go so long skinny cat
you won't be nice this time just making
some bread hmm yummy
okay guys so I think that's probably in
40 nights thanks for watching give us
thumbs up if you liked this video don't
forget to subscribe and leave some
comments below Nick and I are going to
finish the transfer movie that we
started last night so that's what we're
doing tonight because I fell asleep okay
so thanks for watching what do that why
do you say that said million here cuz
then we say in our last for your
Transformers marathon oh yeah then Vicky
fell asleep 10 minutes into the marathon
no and so we're like let's have a
transformers marathon Vicky falls asleep
in the transformers marathon every five
minutes I'm lying down one watching
every five minutes Nick you wake Nick
you wake Nikki you awake and I guess my
wake stop asking me and this is like
sound asleep cuz I was hoping he'd be
like yo I'm so tired I call me too let's
go bed I'm a winner though i'll do that
kennestone okay anyways thanks for
watching please don't forget to
subscribe leave some comments and thumbs
us up by see tomorrow
