hey guys so this morning our last stuff
I gotta do I start by cleaning the car
then I have to maybe cut the grass when
I sure if I'm going to do that or not
water all my vegetables and can't
remember what else have video too tired
I want I get it all done before the kids
are ready to keep doing stuff because I
feel like I'm ditching them this weekend
and I haven't really seen them that much
so yeah this one going to try and get
all done before the kids are ready to
play and then that can be one hundred
percent dedicated to them
hey guys so I'm almost done and clean
the inside of the car but look like my
kids came to help me clean the outside
great guys you guys help in look good
job they get on this side already they
came out really excited to help they're
great kids what are you guys doing
grandma um if they could clean their
cars and they get a pay you guys you're
gonna work then give you some money for
it did you ask them for me yeah oh cool
it's okay five dollars maybe oh cool
didn't work guys you're gonna get some
after you're done you don't get the
money till you finish the job keep up
the good work my kids so proud of them
look at him working hard these little
kids already working for some money okay
guys so we're trying to figure out what
we're gonna do this afternoon we're
gonna we're told you monday so we got it
late yeah hyundai grass against which
they doing to you okay guys come here
how many come here come here no 32 is
what is okay so here's your option
option one we can go to costco and maybe
like Target or toys r us Jonsi ship
short or option number two we can go
watch the new planes me in the movie
fear thanks movie yeah okay then we're
not gonna go shopping side one or the
other okay question for a couple of
hours until it's time for the movie okay
okay let's do it then Wayne's movie so
guys I love you remember but a couple of
videos back we had the one where we went
to that secret park and the kids had
that got fake that big yellow sign of
the swings it was all brand new and like
the beachfront and everything like that
we're like a jungle
great like don't tell well guess what
look what i just found in the paper a
newspaper article about it claritin
beach park benefits from 500k upgrade
and it's got like the bridge and the
slide and the waterfront so now the
whole town knows about it so it's no
longer a secret hey guys so we're about
to go do our movie and it's a good thing
the kids pick movie cuz like a storm is
a brewin like you can see those grey
clouds up there and I've been hearing
thunder for the last like 10 minutes
can you hear that
here
alright come
this guy
but why outside storms are coming okay
so we're gonna run to the car and try
not to get too wet to write Avenue is
already set come
we made it a that wasn't so bad here
they come run getting drenched okay we
made it good thing we just clean the car
this would have been really difficult to
climb around in here Haley an audience
that's weird yeah okay so we're in the
middle of the movie and almost I'm the
power goes out it was like what the heck
and now look it's like completely sunny
it was storming but yeah the power 10
but they reset the movie and started
from the same squad so we didn't miss
anything that's good guys check it out
I'm using the last of our dark am look
it looks like empty that's crazy it only
think it's been a month and we've
already gone through a whole jar of jam
we only have this much left over here
save one two three four five six six of
them latch and we already promised one
to a friend since I left we thought I
was gonna last this like so long and
it's totally not so I don't know next
time off to pick more strawberries and
we did this time but it's really good
Levi is going crazy right now making
himself dizzy
Oh make yourself dizzy oh no your fault
you're gonna fall beautiful did you get
dizzy hey guys so Nick thinks I'm going
to his aunt's house to go check on the
cats but I'm actually gonna run to the
convenience store and get him his
favorite slushy for watching a movie
tonight so see how he reacts thank you
thank you surprised yeah I even know you
left I know cuz you had the curtain fall
clothes and then I started going check
on cats keep running listening for the
car wasn't thanks to one of like you
Sonny didn't have anything didn't have
any i almost put um watermelon
grapefruit mint on top like hot my so
cuz it's paint just like cream soda and
I caught myself just is going to turn it
and I was like whoa wait is that guy
than a funny prank so yeah you like yeah
okay so we're just gonna go ahead and in
the blog for today and if you like our
deal thumbs up subscribe and leave some
comments we're gonna end you with some
bleep I laughing hey I'm gonna get you
here we go
