hey so Josh and I are on our way to
can't be yeah it's gonna be awesome I
can't wait so is a dirty in the morning
now and a half hour away from my mother
brothers house and I don't know where
we're going it's going to be a random
bush
hey Josh I go to have 150 pound packs so
our other brothers going to make fun of
us because he'll probably have like
everything played to his shirt pocket
I'll go I'm ready to go so yeah should
be pretty fun so I'll show you what we
get there
ok so we are with Jay now hey Jay hello
and we got the canoe on for the second
time I won't tell you but what happened
we're always at our spot t shirt guys to
see where all this here so I think we're
gonna have to go back home because
there's a fork in the road and we don't
know where to go funny it's funny that
Josh it ticket out is a fork in the road
literally come I guess okay get after
you left just sneaking the road oh man
you missed the snake haha did you see
the same No dang it the great outdoors
ah being the brother in different
clothes Harry did Jay come on Jay you
can't push open the door what did you
unlock it no girl is that I was trying
to find it if there's more locks sirs
activism on here hi no to the first time
is buddy you're like tripping man this
place is actually really nice I don't
know if you can see it in the camera
though kind of like somebody still uses
it yeah sweet cabin nice subscribe
to my blog so is just me and the three
kiddos tonight um so we're still gonna
do our Friday family movie night minus
daddy so we made some pancakes they're
almost all gone but homemade blueberry
and chocolate chip was and after that we
are going to make song some cookies and
popcorn I know they get spoiled on movie
night that's why they love it so much I
bet you won't even care if we watch a
movie they just like having all the junk
food right yeah I cookie some oh yeah oh
 was I free so I get look Malik I'm
excited cuz he wasn't allowed to have
popcorn until he was three but he's
three and a half now so he gets back on
my the choking hazard that's why not
what I mean he got up so we just all had
like a little nap in the mills afternoon
in our awesome camping hammocks and now
we're thinking about going for a little
paddle on this beautiful lake Lamela da
da da da da
so we're all sitting here waiting for
our movie too low it uh unfortunately it
just like come shut down on me so I
gotta reload the whole computer again
after removing us loading mommy we are
watching um a bug's life we decided that
would be a good one to watch I don't own
it so we're watching on the computer I'm
mommy what watch this did you push her
out the couch all right we got our
cookies as you can see Levi Diaz's city
and we got a cookies and we got our
popcorn now we're just waiting for the
movie
