hey guys so I haven't really blows at
all today she's been kind of a lazy day
at home just kind of tighten up after
company and um you know just taking it
easy I'm really really tired I don't
know what it is but every time I look at
the Flyers to like do my grocery
shopping in my pricing action it makes
me so sleepy like I almost fell asleep
on the table like doing the price
matching and I had like newspaper print
on my chin it was really funny so I had
an appt say which was wonderful we've
I'd napped awesome today and then the
kids just blur plane replay like
Brighton will explain later yeah at the
table and he was watching my friend and
like old friends too yeah showed like
that yes so right now we're on our way
to walmart to do our price matching and
get some groceries done
so this seagull over here was trying a
venir just put it down please history
put it down I was trying to open this
container and Albany opened it for him
and as she wants him to come and eat it
okay let's walk away and see what
happens he's gonna go eat it now look at
he's waiting for us to go okay I could
come and let's see if he eats it see go
for it he's going for it look it's like
yeah it's open thank you oh yes they all
saw the open food just like you do you
said I was here first guys look easy hi
good so Justin walmart testing out the
new camp chairs Malachi's got a coolest
uncover mind looking at gas and obvious
glows in the dark which is so cool so
you guys like these ones cuz I'm I don't
know if you remember or not but we had
left their old camp chairs at the
campsite for someone else so yes now the
new new ones for our camping trip in the
month Levi's trying out his new cheer
looking he just fits in it it's so cute
it's got a little car on it do you like
it if I do you like it you don't have a
cup holder oh darn mind ice yes you guys
are older doh do you like it Levi Montes
say boom boom boom boom we made it we
got our Sundays
I got two happy kids on my hand make
that free free happy kids can you got it
all these things going do you yeah is it
good mommy is no physical for short yeah
that's okay come out oh my goodness
you're doing a good job with that mommy
said hmm you say you want to hear me I
would love about avenue du wah wah what
am i lookin at right yeah right yeah
what is it a big whoa look at the giant
one in the back standing up oh my
goodness these lobsters are so gross I
don't even eat lobster I've never even
tried it oh you think about the lobster
what do you think what is it a he was
laughing at it earlier they're so gross
yes yes
with her head right there
no this isn't his head this is his claw
look at the sharp pincers that's what we
go and then it went let go it wouldn't
let go of you know I went in mommy good
like horses stopped like stuff on top of
like and he works i right you know but
this is his eyes here those are his
claws I'm not tossed across I'm not okay
I'm not understanding i'm sorry what is
it right his pinchers I was just part of
his shell is hard it's like a hard k
seen on this show woman he's really
looking at this is neat look at her
mouth don't check out Nick playing this
mario game he has to move to make the
screen move oh oh no II fell sir so
funny watching you from having this
agreement you can't push a button on the
top you know you're talking about to
make the move did you know that um the
other arrow yeah did you view it I would
at least now you can sit down he didn't
realize that this knob here made the
screen moves I know so I'm just gonna go
get ready tonight for my camping trip
for friday ditching Vicki this guy's
only it's only one nighter though but
i'm going to go ahead and the vlog so i
say thank you for watching oh he wants
me be part of this too that's why you
came into the kitchen at that dish is on
what's up
sorry we have more important things to
do anyways thanks for watching and I
hope that you liked our video don't
forget to comment give us some thumbs up
and subscribe if you haven't subscribed
already so yeah see you tomorrow
