okay so we're all sleeping completely
comfortably inside of our Ted I'm so
warm and I'm sound asleep and also I'm
Vicki wakes me up it goes do you like
what she's like Thunder I don't like so
what she's like she would go in the car
she wouldn't go in the car I was like no
we don't need to say yes it's up to you
and then so she goes okay let's do it so
I come to the car and get it all ready
Vicki thinks the Thunder sounds it's
more than 30 seconds away every now and
again it's like 25 26 seconds but that's
because we're outside she's used to
hearing her from inside okay so then we
go and we I go and get the car ready and
then I go and start grabbing the kids
and it starts pouring and so the first
one they get up not by still sleeping at
this point and then we're like maokai
get to the door he's waking I be shaking
sequest what's happening what's
happening I grabbed him out of the tent
throw him on my shoulder run out in the
pouring rain throw him in the car go get
in your seat and then I slam the car
door with him in it shut throw him in
the backseat he's filing these in the
backseat half awake
wet and crying because isn't know what's
going on then I run again yeah Abadie
then I get Levi running throw him on a
venes lap that means I'm like hold up
Levi still terrified look at him I'm
still so scared he doesn't know what I
wasn't with a flashlight and so I almost
tripped on like the ropes holding our
table and then Abney has to go pee so
vicki Esther running to the bathroom and
then well she's gone Malakai has to go
pees holding himself he's got a piece of
ass shaking like a leaf I'm like open
the door and pee out the door he's like
I don't want to open the door I'm like
why he's like I'm scared of what's
outside so then finally Vicki gets back
and then takes him to go pee in the bush
it was crazy now I'm gonna go back in I
think it's not even raining anywhere so
yeah that's what's happening at one
o'clock in the morning on our camping
trip hey guys so it is 2:30 in the
morning now and we just came home from
camping because the thunder lightning
was came really bad and it gets really
good I'm so scared it came in a little
thing get struck by lightning so we're
like okay let's just go so we came home
you know tomorrow morning we're gonna
get up early and go back and pack up all
of our stuff but just wanna let you guys
know what was happening good morning
guys so we are back at our campsite
I'm o'clock in the morning and so I
never seen my toothbrush is inside the
tent and all I want to do is brush my
teeth so yeah everything's still here so
that's so good yeah and it's looking dry
and it looks like it's gonna be a
beautiful sunny day so after we tear
down and get everything put away we're
gonna spend the day at the beach who
wants to go the B say it's gonna be a
fun day yeah they're inside the tent
oh good helper yay good job everything's
trying to dry out in the Sun to affirm
our big rainstorm everything's all wet
so much stuff sweat I'm just trying to
make some lunch and then we're gonna go
to the beach okay mouthsize going in for
the sunglasses they're hanging on a
little hook on the tent here are you
such a good helper he's doing it he's
getting there
oh come back buddy
okay so we're all done camping yeah you
guys here's our site all cleaned up well
we left some firewood for the next
person and some launchers just in case
you have kids yeah so we thought I will
even maybe the next person will like to
have them so yeah we're all done we're
gonna go to the beach no stinking hot
today I'm dying for me like this time is
brutal
hey guys he's chillin out at the beach
bob has got his stuff on thank you hey
Rach
so yeah we're just chilling out waiting
for our essential air to get installed
so hey let's go to the beach for the day
while we're camping anyways you're just
finished back out so yeah that's nice
I'm tired no no relax here I sleep a bit
he's sleeping so I could stay up and
watch the kids
guys try to play space under the water
he keeps taking space like good touches
the water hey guys I went under
yeah man that's awesome hey guys what's
up so I am so tired how are you Vikki so
are you guys going yes ma'am
so what happened was I unloaded the car
just there huh and I just unloaded the
car and I'm so tired I can't vlog
anymore today what else could we
possibly was walking along is gonna be
Escalade yeah so I'm gonna go ahead and
end the vlog and I just want to say
thanks for watching sorry we didn't have
a lot of consistent videos over the day
because we were camping over the weekend
sorry it started again and I hope that
you subscribe leave some comments and
give us some thumbs up because we really
want to create a community here and want
you to be a part of it anyways thanks
for watching see you tomorrow
