Oh
malachi so he's going to his room to
play cars with his little brother and
that that was so sweet that he wanted to
go play cars with Levi but I'm gonna go
check on them and see what they're doing
what you doin hey plane where's Levi
what are you playing with what you got
ha ha you paint cars he's just lying
there playing cars with you yeah I'd
want him to Balkan duster is your home
to it bug like this sir bug your sister
oh that's nice of you what's your sister
doing play Mary hope he didn't want him
to bike her well cool that dough goes
the door you want him in here with you
your morning so far I'm gonna be wholly
trying to clean I'm a little bit this
morning because we have company coming
over hey guys so I just got some new
pillows because Vicki and I have them
having a rough sleeps lately so we're
thinking baby it's the pillows I don't
know so with that we're gonna try and
get some new ones see how it goes cuz
they had a fifty percent off sale at the
Hudson Bay Company so ya got some
pillows gonna try them out but man
pillows can be expensive even food to
present off there is still a little
pricey but I'm glad I got a deal instead
of having to pay the full price for us I
would never have bought these pillows so
my sister and their kids our two kids
are coming over today I'm for a visit
and it was my nephew's birthday
yesterday so I thought well since
they're coming over i might as well like
bake a cake they might have already done
it all yesterday probably did enjoy my
sister um yeah so we just made this
delicious yummy chocolate cake I really
suck at icing so don't mind my messiness
but it just tastes so good anyways so I
like putting my cake in the fridge I
don't know about you guys but I think it
tastes so much better when the icing in
the cake is so moist and cold I just I
like it so much more what do you guys
like do you like it when it's like
temperature like out on the counter or
do you like it when it's like coal in
the fridge i also have leftover candy
from a camping trip so i have like the
Sharks and the gummies and stuff so I'm
thinking about putting those on top of
the cake just to make it look prettier I
guess I don't know and then the kids
will love it too so like oh no like it
can't be off of it so should be fun
looks like it's about to pour rain right
now so I guess we're all stuck inside I
just spent the last oh i don't know like
two hours just scrubbing and cleaning my
house even though it's just going to get
messy again but when you have company
over you like it to be clean and then
you know they make a mess after who
cares ok so my nephew got this rocket
launcher launcher for his birthday so
he's outside showing everybody how it
works hey buddy I saw you yesterday are
you missing a piece is it in the box the
piece was in the box so we try again hi
here's a bunch of cousin that was a good
joke Caleb Maddie's turning then Malachi
and then Avenue okay get really high
Malachi's turn angle here ebony you can
do rednecks malachi jump really how
there's more than one party can really
high yeah good time really high on buddy
really high now i gotta the highest
let's see grandpa dear I grandpa Levi
ready
that was crazy high that was definitely
the highest be my win our zuv
entertainment right here
Oh careful so I think the whole thing
camp is gonna eat it saba me leave me
get Levi's learning how to use a spoon
do such a good job eating his yogurt i'm
using a spoon Levi you got ass dude oh
good
