it's like a car tip trade over
know your kids are pooped out when they
sleep until eight o'clock Malachi is
still sleeping and it's like quarter to
nine and he's still sleeping that never
happens he's always the first one out
piece that really rising matter what
time he goes to bed so you can tell that
he's camping trip really tuckered him
out cuz yep he's still in there fast
asleep so we'll see you time to make
side today yep yep you just spoke up
home sweet home we're back back into
ordinary days so right now we're just
walking to the store like um yes it is
going to come out soon you're right we
should blog fuck out when the truth
comes out yes we will we'll show them
when your tooth comes out look how
Wiggly and loose it is show them Avenue
move your tongue me look at it it's like
hanging by a thread oh I'm not even
showing you things like cleaning by a
thread so yep will vlog it when it comes
out for sure so you guys can be a part
of it too um yeah so tonight we're going
to my cell group for a potluck and so
we're walking to the store right now to
go get a salad to bring since I have
like no food from camping so I haven't
gone maybe grocery shop yet and I kind
of don't want to do a big grocery shop
so I'm just going to get something and
bring it there and
to join in for supper sale should be
found Holly yes mmm and I'm still trying
to decide if my hair looks okay like
curly and messy like this or if it looks
better straight I've gotten young
comments both way that it looks great in
so I wondering what you guys think do
you guys think it's too curly or
straight let me know in the comments
below I'm just really excited about a
bunch of different projects that i'm
planning to have on the go but I'm also
a little bit stressed out about it
because I'm thinking man this is gonna
be a lot of work and I already have so
much on my plate but I want to do it
kicks to Kickstarter projects that are
coming up once they come out I'll give
some links for you to check that out but
I'm also wanting to do some photography
business and
I want to launch a couple more channels
on youtube like I just don't have enough
time in the day there's so much fun
stuff I want to do but it's so hard to
do with nine to five job you know like
you had three kids I got my nine-to-five
job like it's hard to prioritize my time
you know like I want to first priority
be there for my family and be there for
like my wife and my kids you know that's
priority number one from a priority
number two is to you know have a stable
income so I just provide for them
priority number three would be the vlogs
it's simply gonna yeah and then
everything else after that it's just a
fun stuff but yeah if you're a blogger
you totally know what I'm talking about
but if not you're probably good let's
focus our blog you just recorded videos
it takes time you know you know I record
the videos you got ahead it the ideal
that kind of stuff but yeah it's it's
not like it doesn't take time in the
center i'm like i gotta go edit the vlog
it takes time in a sense where it's just
like it's fun to do by like it's just a
tiny consuming process you know but i
can't wait till i get to a point where i
can just focus my life on things that I
completely enjoy opposed to having to do
things that I need to do out of like
necessity for like money and things like
that I can just focus on things I enjoy
doing and things like money and all
those other things will come naturally
with that so I'm excited for that time
in my life where I reached that point
this
subscribe to one we're stopped at a huge
accident it looks like a car like
flipped right over or you can see Lexia
the ambulance and the and stuff there
you can see
he them all there's like a car tip trade
over hey guys so I didn't get it close
enough you of that but I had to drive
and I didn't want to him a camera at
when there was police there doesn't make
sense we could have got big trouble for
that but yeah look like the red car
completely tipped over was on its roof
and there was a guy on a stretcher so we
prayed for him and we just believe that
he's going to be okay and now we are at
mrs. Callie's house and we are going to
go have our potluck we're a little bit
late due to the accident and having to
rush the store I just wanted to say to
that all the berries and stuff are on
sale so i made like a big fruit salad so
it's perfect anyways we're gonna go in
nice up for now bye hey guys so Vicki
went out to a little dinner party thingy
cell group so I'm stuck here well not
stuck if there's a horrible choice of
words I'm lucky enough to be in the
company of Levi oh man so he and I are
gonna stick around the house together
and I'm going to just be editing vlogs
non-stop except some a stinking vlogs to
put up so that's the plan for tonight
blog level of log not stop so anyways
thanks for watching the vlog today and I
hope that you liked it give us some
thumbs up subscribe leave some comments
i especially want you to leave some
comments because i love getting those
comments and being able to chat with you
guys know see how things are going see
what you're up to and so far if you're
watching my other vlogs you saw the
whole should i get a truck or jeep
everybody says get a truck so I'm pretty
sure I'm going to get a truck and I saw
a guy to selling a chevy 1500 for a
thousand bucks and it looks really cool
i want to get it so I i said to him
listen i'll give you 500 bucks for it so
we'll see what he says maybe you'll say
yes maybe not but if he says 500 bucks
I'm gonna see if I can pull that
together and get that truck that'd be so
sweet alright anyways yeah leave some
comments below give us a thumbs up and
thanks for watching see you tomorrow
