so we just got home from church it was
so good to be a church after like a
month of not being there because we're
all sick so we're all finally healthy
and we're able to go and people are like
oh my goodness it's been so long as a
CEO it was nice to feel missed and you
guys have fun at class today did you
like your class you got played on stuff
for I'm though oh did you like your
class to do fun mommy at church mommy
just passed a sock oh here's her now
like I are you crazy stuff interesting
were talking girl with lutein Oh mommy
what we did a positive like play what's
this an implicit that's it play my
friend just let this that's it hmm ok
leave i did this nice picture on the
fridge you colored pictured put on the
fridge yeah yeah you did a good job but
hey so are we did guess didn't gets
worse so we're gonna be enjoying some
french fries on the chip check on the
way home so that we are not making a
huge mess before home inspection
yeah we got our house hey yeah so Thomas
Beck sad day so we tried to do like some
last-minute except so not major things
just like bleachers replace yeah it's
like the shows and stuff in it yeah so
hopefully let's go this how you catch
babies crawling you give them something
that they can't have maybe yeah come
come get it can get it okay come get it
come get it Livie look it look at the
Kleenex she's acted by your brothers she
goes oh no further come on let her go
look at her go cleaning Mallory to be
too no not that far you do a little bit
at a time goodness you may go get it go
get it go get it this is the same way
she goes towards wires and everything to
look at her go look at her Wow good job
Amy you're really moving when she wants
something bad enough yay you did it did
you crawl all the way from over there to
over here yes you did you mean maybe you
did get the Kleenex box
here hey guys what's up so I'm almost
done the photo shoot I think it's going
really well everybody here from the love
movement models and members had dark
hair in a shout out and then have a
youtube channel this coming out but I
don't think they want me to tell you
what it is yet dear Oh what is out it's
all right now join it out love movement
for 16 for 16 that's what it is yeah
okay go check it out and subscribe
Libya's so over tires is going this dire
laugh cry going on so you think your
laugh dude so it's like a laugh that
turns into a cry way he tired baby girl
hey tired yeah
you
