wow you can make a stroll play ah nice
screw up the camera now oh that's what I
want to get please security oh yeah
Peter stop
we're just trying to avenues new little
bubble kit that she got one of her loot
bags at a birthday party ever Levi's
having fun chasing all the bubbles and
popping them all and I mean there's a
bubble stuck on his head do pop elders
window there a little bubbles head so
today is packing day for camping I've
already started packing a couple of the
kids clothes I'm not packing like nice
outfits I'm packing like ones that they
can get dirty and doesn't matter if they
get wrecked that's probably what's gonna
happen I think I packed like ten outfits
really why even though we're going for
two days and two nights I figured or
three days in choice I figured he needs
extras just you never know with babies
right and yeah so I'm excited actually
we're gonna do our big grocery shop
tonight and then yeah I have all the
clothes packed up hopefully and I get
Nick to drag out all the suitcases and
stuff I don't think we have any like big
like duffel bags to pack up and I think
we have to use like rocks rolling
suitcases but oh well whatever works hey
guys so we're going camping tomorrow oh
yeah so we're just having some pizza for
supper tonight and then we're gonna go
shopping to get our key last minute
camping supplies right guys and the
first thing in the morning camping Oh
gross dude oh my goodness grows Oh gross
what are you doing Oh gross burp oh yeah
we're gonna get some camping supplies
and then pack stuff look cuz we're gonna
go camping tomorrow morning hey we're
off to walmart to do some shopping for
camp
and I've got my list here ebony was kind
enough to tell me so we got her little
list here of things that we need so we
see breakfast
do you think I should get a pickup truck
or a jeep put it in the comments below
um how about the cheapest car possible
would be the best answer so wait a
pickup truck that's what I'm thinking
I'm thinking that's a gas guzzler so
it's probably not the cheapest vehicle
to get no but it's cool though I would
fit in our town cool but it won't be too
much yeah shot out of town then I
understand the cars is very true how did
we get 45 sit down Bridger 660 up in one
second at seven anyways so yes we're off
to walmart now engineer shopping and
hopefully we'll get everything on our
list and things will be on Felix I
didn't have time to praise them okay but
listen to this if I get a pickup truck
think of how long history there's 100
talkie I talk about groceries and he
goes to talking to pick up trucks about
listening to you I'm in my own little
world speak your truck where'd you go
got my dog in the back here babe ebony
Jelani country music lately working on
the country out way yeah
subscribe to our next plane in the
flashlight aisle he's testing out like
all the flashlights seeing what they do
how far they go okay watch this guy's
okay whoa you can make Astro bleh aah I
screw up the camera now if I know this
what I want to get please security oh
yeah yeah stop how do you got cute
little pink one mouth is holding the
value pack one may not you should see no
probably won't get them off your own
Jesse ray see how much it is I dolls new
the dark side of the rainbow so we're
gonna try a never had them before but I
also say like talk about branding and
marketing but it's working we're totally
gonna try the right look at these mini
grapes yeah black hurry great I don't
think those are big enough for me okay
watch this thing that happy eid there it
go
it was it when people get hurt testing
out our flashlights yes turn the damn
thing you do you like to come along no
other flashlight yes they work for a
camping trip Thank You phrase a stupid
yeah yes yeah oh look it's so bright in
here and the light's not on my god the
flashlights in here I mean I it is
really bright I leave I gotta give me
that Kirk a very good maybe loving all
these flashlights on your eyes come on
don't put it in your eyes or you know
don't eat it don't eat it Levi out it
looks funny no he's not allowed to eat
it leave on his red cheeks we're going
starting tomorrow we're going camping
we're gonna still vlog but we're not
gonna be able to upload our vlogs till
we get back so we're gonna have a few
days with no vlogs and all of a sudden
one day was like three von three yeah
friday sorry sunday so my day I guess
you would do it right I'll probably have
it done sunday night maybe sunday night
as I care what you guys and I want to we
care about you we don't want to leave
you hanging for too long yeah and also
we just posted a video today about or
yesterday yes if you're watching this
about Levi laughing so hard so check out
the AO baby belly laugh its subscribe so
check out that daily if you like it
share it on Facebook Twitter all those
things mm-hmm and yeah so see you guys
next week because run couple days off
week so yeah we're off camping we really
pray and hope that there are no like
ticks mosquitoes like stuff like that I
rank yeah and it's also rain on Saturday
I probably won't though we're hoping it
wrong but tomorrow is gonna be a good
hot beach day sir okay fine bye see ya
