hey guys so we had a pretty busy day
today we just got back from church and
oh they're changing in here and a beanie
and mummy are going to a birthday party
and then after that Vicki's cousins
coming over and we're cut they're coming
for like dinner and stuff we're gonna
hang out visit so yeah it's gonna be a
pretty busy day so that's what we're
doing and I don't know if I'm gonna make
too much video today I think we're gonna
do a one-take I know a lot of different
bloggers do this thing like one takes
one day so I think that's what we're
gonna do one takes sunday but yeah so a
church-state was really good they talked
about the Bible and like run a series
that is called like the lies from the
devil like different things that he'll
try and do too tricky and stuff so it
was pretty good today one of them would
they talked about was forgiveness and
how we should be forgiving people no
matter what so if someone's done
something wrong or hurt you in some way
you should forgive them and you're gonna
feel a whole lot better and the Bible
tells us that forgiveness is something
that we need to do and a problem is that
we will take something personally that
somebody says to us or take offense to
something and we just hold on sat
forever and never take the time to go up
to them say you know what what you said
really hurt me and I just wanted to let
you know that I forgive you like it's
not a big deal anymore for you for that
whether that person cares not who cares
and what matters is going to make a
change in you you're you're gonna change
your attitude your heart your mind
everything's going to feel so much
better after you make that act of asking
for forgiveness so that was that was
like the main part of the sermon he
talked about a couple of other stuff too
but it was really good i really enjoyed
it but yeah now I'm nice whoa what what
good look it what's under there you sure
you got she's ready at you sure baby see
woody two babies before cuz you want to
a swim party birthday party there's
nothing wearing under a cute they're
supposed to have a big climbing wall and
water slide they're gonna have a car
wall that's water yeah oh yeah it's
gonna be so much fun anyways like I said
we're just gonna try and do one take
this sunday cuz we got a busy day and
it's going to be people that I don't
know if they'd comfortable on the blog
or not so yeah thanks for watching of
latte screaming and crying thanks for
watching the vlog day and I hope that
you remember to subscribe give us some
thumbs up and don't forget that we'd
love to see your comments put some
comments on the videos please there is
talk to you later
