what's what do you want do you want this
no do you want this one no did that one
no what about this no
so I came home today and Vicki a clean
the entire house so it was really nice
thanks Vicki yes cuz Nick was like it's
so much easier I just can't even stand
it I just need to get out of yours can't
handle it okay well yesterday it was
really messy every single room in the
house was messy yes thanks time so now
it's nice and clean but I actually like
I didn't just tidy like I can't today
and then my mom tells me if people are
coming to do the furnace inspection
right okay not in here well it's gonna
blow in probably it should be ok if you
put a towel under the floor because
tomorrow we're getting central air
that'll be pretty sweet so then we'll be
nice and cool for us this summer because
it's not it's not so bad it fine at
nighttime a night by night I'm
everything's kind of cool down but
during the day can get really hot
especially in the kitchen do you think
so that'll be nice to have that so yeah
I told the kids tunes and actually it
before the aesthetics at tomorrow's
cleaning day so don't bug mommy and they
were so good today didn't love me make
you look so hot new here so I mean it's
like messy oh yeah mess it up so I've
been really busy lately because i've
been trying to figure out all this
photography stuff online and everything
and it's a lot of work to learn it but i
think i'm starting to get the hang of it
you've seen some of my if you follow us
on facebook too you've seen some of the
pictures I've taken already so those are
kind of just my practicing photos so
we're not really like dress for photos
right Vicki yeah we're kind of just like
hey let's try and take some pictures so
vicki was all google this sure doesn't
look good with the bad probably system
so i want to buy one more thing at that
stinky curse it's like this paper
backdrop is all white and it's supposed
to make it look really good so I'm gonna
see if I can get one of those and then
if we start getting some really good
photos i'm going to like see if my
cousins will come over let me take their
photos and stuff like that and then
start charging people seem to let me do
it and maybe have an extra income going
in
x-ray come he seemed so unexcited yeah
extra income one day I want you to get
break some Carter vagary oh sure sure I
have some buddies she gotta can't rub
out the batteries to I like the same day
so we had any recharge your batteries
but yeah so that's what i've been doing
trying to get the photo editing thing
going on and get all the photography
stuff going but as soon as gonna be
ready i'm gonna be making some money
taking some bitches do wah wah Malachi
was trying to help Levi pick a toy to
play with and Levi keep shaking his head
no every time Malachi shows in my new
toy what toy he's trying to get it did
you see why the one of in which one do
you want okay showing no not that one is
there another one in there what do you
want Levi what watch what do you want do
you want this no do you want this one no
did that one know about this no look at
the horsie a horsie no marshmallows oh
he's a boy who knows what he wants
thanks for trying to help him mal game
and he's coming to show daddy now oh
look at her yummy supper nomas dogs our
we had
ribs and baked potato corn it was really
yummy
you
