so what's the verdict kiddos oh good
muffins
so my wonderful husband i have purchased
a big like i don't know what is it
called container I'm blueberries you can
see them here so he purchased this huge
giant container and gave me the hint
like mmm we'll make some really good
muffin and then every so often he'd be
like oh look you guys are you the
blueberries my wonderful community left
for muffins and like just kept giving
hints that he wants some homemade fresh
blueberry muffin so today we're finally
going to make him as blueberry muffins
that he's been bugging me about all week
long like all aspects is only tuesday
all last week and so yes we're going to
make them stick we're gonna do two
different batches liquid each have our
own little mixing bowl here and there
she's gonna make the girl when he's make
the boy one he's a girl one in the boy
one um so nipple be really hot when they
get home to see those and yes they're
gonna help me bake and then we'll show
you when they're done i found this
really awesome recipe for blueberry
muffins using fresh blueberries online
so we'll see how they turned out very
muffins are in the up and i'm looking
really good from a cow and oh they don't
you're just checking on the other
wanting to eat one idea one ok you know
it's funny I don't even like blueberry
muffins I'm just excited because the
kids love them and it does so they're
good to enjoy them I'm gonna make easy
and you're gonna have 101 tell ya a
little bit crazy nominee home muffins
are the oven they look really good look
at their Mason brown on the top there
oozing with blueberries I and you think
you're gonna eat one now oh now you are
now they look good yes girl you want to
okay there grab they have to cool down a
little bit though first k guys look at
the weather now it's like pouring rain
yet oh my goodness we're starting to get
a puddle in our lawn again haha downpour
not like the last time I we had like the
whole with yard was full and that house
over there was like flooded crazy crazy
rain eh oh thank you for Becky kaboom so
what's the verdict kiddos oh good
muffins look good muffins you don't like
the outside I you like the inside out
sighs too crunchy how's your muffin
leave I do you like your muffin if you
like it say mmm do you like it you say
mmm you don't like it no you don't like
the muffin oh no let me take it away i'm
gonna give you someone else oh he said
no you want it no he doesn't like it
but you're saying more as something else
want something else to eat more that's
perfect ok so today I'm excited because
I got some cool stuff in the mail check
it out I got the jod seed and you're
thinking yourself what the heck is that
it sounds stupid it's an effects pedal
digital delay tap tempo oh yeah that's
gonna be sweet and I got volume pedal
and last but not least my overdrive
sweet baby so I'm really excited to plug
these puppies and dry them and I'm
watching a new channel is called
learning worship and so you'll be able
to go on there and check out reviews
products and stuff like this and also
learn different like songs stuff like
that for worship so if you're thinking
oh I wish I could play this worship song
or whatever i'm going to show you how to
play those songs on the guitar and maybe
different effects that you can use to
make it sound good so yeah should be
good i'm excited to launch it so that'll
probably be launching like next month
maybe probably next month so look for
that because his upcoming leave i got
some new shoes how are they give i do
you like a new shoes you like that their
proper walking ones they're not like
then I don't know soft bottom ones
they're hard bottoms come on let me see
you good how are those
mike from getting an idea
