okay so you probably noticed something a
little bit different about the video
maybe it's a little clearer maybe the
sound is a little bit better I don't
know maybe
hey so I just got a whole bunch of new
awesome stuff but before I open it all I
need to make a new space for the stuff
so I'm going to use this area here for
musical instruments and video editing
stuff so right now it's kind of like a
bunch of my music stuff and like a bunch
of Vicky's crap too so I gotta clear
this space out then I'm going to open
the stuff that I gotta show you guys
what I got it's going to be awesome
you're going to be pretty impressed I'm
sure of it ok so i reorganized my music
/ video la graffiti type stuff so here's
my instruments over here now my
woodwinds my electronics I got a couple
of things in the shelf here it was kind
of jammed what I'd like to do is get
like a little shelving unit here that
could stack stuff up and maybe a little
bit on the back now probably just over
here and then I can really organize it a
lot better but for now this is going to
do good and I'm going to slide my new
stuff in here which you will see you
right now okay here's my new stuff from
Canadian studio gotta go Canadian anyway
so what I got here is new lighting for
our videos and different backdrops and
stuff like that you can't sit on there
and all that type of stuff to make our
videos look really good and I'm gonna be
launching some new channels so this is
going to be what I needed to launch
those channels get ready for this I'm
gonna set it all up and show you what it
looks like hey youtubers so I'm pretty
much saying good morning good night at
the same time because I was out all day
and I left this little handy camera at
home so the whole time I was out I
didn't have a camera to vlog and I'm so
so sorry and it like of course when you
forget your camera like cool things
happen right we got to nicks work
because i forgot to get Nick to sign his
portion of the passport application um
so I went to his work which was raped by
the glasses place and of course I didn't
get the vlog actually finding the pair
of glasses that I've wanted because you
saw all those past videos with me like
trying on 20,000 glasses and today was
the day I found a pair i liked and
bought and like ordered and you
get to see it and so there's another
bummer but there's just be ready
tomorrow because they had the lens on
hand that I need for my prescription so
I will see a bunch of world so nervous a
little excited oh and then the funniest
thing happened and I totally what a vlog
dicks we're out of red light and we were
like right there and it would have been
perfect for you guys to see it okay so
you probably noticed something a little
bit different about the video maybe it's
a little clearer maybe the sound is a
little bit better I don't know maybe
it's because I got new lighting so I
don't know how it looks i'm guessing it
looks a lot better how's it look for you
have me hey looks pretty clear so it's
really bright here all these big lights
flashing on me and stuff but i think
it's going to make the videos a lot
better you came with these backdrops and
stuff but i don't know how good the
backdrops gonna be let's try it remember
is too big likes but I pretty guys can't
see it okay here's what the white
backdrop looks like whoa it's really
wrinkly and stuff and it's kind of
crappy sloping I thought was gonna be a
lot thicker but uh huh uh huh stop think
he says my heads cut off cut the top I
thought I was going to be a lot thicker
this backdrop was really thin but I got
the stand and stuff so if I need to buy
like another drunk backdrop for
something like that i can do it i think
it going to fabric land tomorrow and see
how much it costs for like just a piece
of fabric instead of buying like a maid
backdrop because this was expensive but
yeah this is what i got in the Box they
boo boo boo boo boo
is pretty big difference i'll turn the
lights off easy okay here's what it
looks like when all the lights are
turned off does it look a lot different
worse anyways thanks for watching the
video if you liked it please here let me
turn lights on for the end okay so
thanks for watching our video today and
I hope that you subscribe give us some
thumbs up please no comments below
because we want to start a relationship
with you guys so we can't do that if
you're not talking to us because we talk
to you every single day so it's your
turn so at least one comments thanks for
watching
