hey so I'm just at the park with my
brother trying out some hammocks you
know how it is
so we don't really have like a driveway
that's hey are like on a sidewalk that
we can do chalk gun so I brought up our
little chalkboard and the kids are
outside just doing it on that on our
deck it's it's fun like we're playing
school are you teaching Malachi's
letters yeah and we're driving and
that's a car drive everything it's so
nice brother and sister playing together
it's really nice goodbye my secret doing
brewers the method is Michael oh yeah
maybe it's actually a little windy
though it's cold I'm not cold cold I'm
cold I'm in like three quarter sleeves
and jeans because it's a little bit
breezy but kids are different they
always want to play outside matter what
temperature happy and I actually had
made up um i'm bored cup so you can see
it here it's really tacky it's not
anything special but see i'm bored cup
and then inside is all ideas for them so
how many um pulled it out one today and
it said play Chuck and so that so we did
it so so just chillin with me by after
5i given me everything a book hey we're
eating the berries yeah camera ferrini
baby dolphin you're the baby dolphin you
want it baby dolphin and baby dolphin
keep on the camera this
subscribe to our free filing the other
side well I did the kids has been
playing on the day but it's all so nice
outside it's really nice and breezy 838
done so and I finally are getting out
today the first 100 it's not a quality
cafe ha yeah it's nice isn't it my
Malachi yep and the kids about grandma
it's walmart what did you get strawberry
sundae lucky I didn't get one don't try
it might break it so right now we are
off to go and fly a binis kite again
again and we're gonna do it this time
not by a tree right Oh Levi's got your
kinda Nicki and he's running over it I
had to like destroy my room and search
for their birth certificate havanese was
in the right spot I'm a little document
folder Malachi's was not and I
remembered that I took it out to
register him for school and I didn't put
it back and so I just search for it
everywhere but I found it so I think
Jesus should i brace and i got wisdom
for where it was hiding that was good
hey so i'm just at the park with my
brother trying out some hammocks you
know how it is sup Josh hey red this is
pretty stinking comfortable you probably
recognize joshi's from jgc music he has
a YouTube channel but he hasn't uploaded
very many videos yet but if you want to
learn any instrument he's your man
there's a link below if you want to
check out his website too yeah whoo so
it is chilly family movie night watching
the mims island levi's just chillin here
well somewhat what I love you recognize
the girl that's on it what's there it's
bindi Irwin it's steve irwin the
crocodile Hunter's daughter she's like
all grown up with crazy hey guys oh yeah
oh good you guys like to make you so far
yeah
