hey guys familiar faces do you think
except this one like what happened her
she ever grow up or what a so it's like
she's 10 now and I think when we stop
vlogging and she was like seven maybe
eight about seven yeah yeah and we
stopped blogging because of this one
right beside me because she didn't want
to be on the camera anymore and so being
loving respectful parents that we are
yeah we respected her wishes and stop
vlogging so that she wasn't feeling that
uncomfortable around the camera and
stuff so that's why we stopped and now
fast forward three years later and
someone's obsessed with vlogs and wants
to start yeah yeah
so we're giving it two Avenue we're
passing the torch on to her cuz she's
gonna be the one in charge of the camera
and in charge of the editing too so I am
old enough to do it you you aren't
enough to do it but um yeah Nick and I
are just we're just so busy right now
with our our business our photography
business so we don't really have the
time to invest in editing the videos and
everything
we'll still be in the videos and we'll
still talk and stuff with you guys and
we we do love the whole vlogging thing
and like connecting and everything and
the whole like comment like subscribe
you know we like that kind of stuff and
we still are like we still watch vlogs
other family vlogs and our friends with
our family vloggers from when we vlog so
I mean the connections still there the
friends that I'm obsessed with now yeah
you can say their name to Scott and
careful
yeah so we're actually gonna try to set
up a Skype conversation with the Scot
and camber blog so stay tuned for that I
guess yeah that happens they'll probably
be blogging on there and we'll be login
on our end so be good but um yeah it was
really fun when we did log we love the
videos and looking back at all the
memories and see how the kids have grown
and so happened he really wants to keep
going with that and it's not like we
didn't take videos of course tip videos
it's just the time invested in editing
and posting and everything that we can't
do so Anthony wants to take it upon her
back to it so she's really excited
anyways it was so great to see you guys
again so stay tuned for more vlogs from
