hey guys what's up so our own way of my
brother's baby shower and we put those
for sale signs up like I told you and we
had two people come a look at the house
and they seemed interested so hopefully
we sell it yeah baby keep yep yeah I
can't wait to have some more space we
just don't know where we would go but
that's okay anyways where I want to move
to Timmins Ontario hard oryx kilometers
but uh yeah but if we move there we
you're like a mansion yeah a giant
mansion for the same bout ready for
fantasy that's very true
hey guys so we're at the baby shower and
I just want to show you guys it's like a
spring day so like two days ago it was
like minus 30 and covered in snow and
now it's like this it's like all the
snow is gone so gorgeous outside it's
like really really pretty i'm like in
short sleeves like crazy canadian
weather for you I so we're at the shower
is going to show you guys what it looks
like look at how pretty they do that it
looks so good I it's like all the purple
and yellow decorated and have their
centerpieces with the pictures I took
very cool look at the head table oh my
goodness look at the cake look at this
cake guys is so cute it's the buzz of
Edo and josh is just like them as so
funny oh that's so cute the boys here at
the kids table that they have clean some
play-doh they got some color
yeah you go play doh would you say yogi
cat I can't get that I couldn't get it
out that's right i couldn't get it out
that it was stuck yes I ok I got to so
much you going out all by yourself way
to go yep it looks just like the shape
we took it out in good job guys and
lippies over here just chillin chillin
in the car seat it's the only place
where I can put you down ok boys are
playing hockey with the pencil crayons
and play doh good news go Malik I scored
oh man I got the floor dude here's a
game got a drink from the
personification bottom
Oh
josh is putting the diaper on Ron in the
diaper challenge with his father-in-law
come on Josh
hey belly this is the advice that a
venir o to aunty try an get under way
pop it on how / yards or meters
backswing now
