hey whoo Kennedy
so we were all just trying to hurry so
back as was a thunderstorm today so
we're gonna hurry up and get outside so
we go to the park I just play for a
little bit cuz it's can today but uh
yeah no look it's pouring already
probably can't see a it's like a really
thin ring like every other day yeah so
we were gonna go play at the park and
we're gonna play basketball go swinging
go on the swings way the slides before
rains but Vicki never got ready fast
enough no I've just kick it I just
didn't see till I got ready faster
checkout at me and Vicki Vicki and ice
Canada t-shirts on yet yeah but you look
good you need make-up baby okay so we
just took a couple of Canada Day photos
so i'll post them up with the end up
turning out okay didn't have been crappy
that maybe always but yeah now we're
gonna go just do a little fun shopping
swamp and the weather is totally cleared
up now it's like really hot and sunny
now well temporary yeah we'll see yes
lets the storm later to but anyways we
were going to go to this side Baker
candidate event thing but we're like do
you really want to drive all that way
and they get stuck rain yeah cuz it's
like a faraway so we drive half hour and
then we get there we unpacked angry
everything settled by the time and we
get everything going as an hour and then
if it starts raining it's a cue ball
back upper back and it's over like four
and it's already 1230
so what kind of sign I know we're really
looking forward to it but it's okay we
can soften we're gonna go to the store
maybe buy a Lego set or something if
they're up like a really cheap 130 she
tricked me in a grocery shop on my flyer
all the time dang ok sir in the store
and we're drawing pictures on all the
windows in the freezing aya ya kiddin
nice picture I mean double hearts ok
good scribble I think that was the
longest time I've ever been in walmart
there's a two and a half hours um well
when we started recording we were on our
way it was what 1230 and now it's almost
35 two three that's ridiculously long
we're just mix a crabber like just
looking at stuff you know like at the
toy aisle and camping and all that good
stuff just kind of passing time and then
we start getting hungry so that we pay
for all that stuff milk I finally got a
fishing rod and then we decided when
McDonald's and has nothing to eat and we
ran into so much people that we knew so
funny and and then after we ate then why
would did my grocery shopping and now
we're just being done now like
how we can go home and that these owner
has progressed days over all the
festivities and stuff end at four so
loving the wind is free now explain
tackle football with the boys inside the
house without their having so much fun
damn he's gonna bite you toggle me no I
trust it okay he looks like he's gonna
be stuck in a fight full of energy I'm
so tired from errday happy jele like
yeah I came in the morning yesterday oh
it's wired I can post a feeling it look
oh hi havanese kite is having whoo
Kennedy oh man
nice job so the kids went over to get a
burger and so I'm left here to wind the
kite up and I realized i'm a third year
old man flying a bar-b-que by himself in
the park is that weird I don't know what
are they doing where did you give them
their all is that are gonna die yeah I'm
glad I'm not doing this okay so we're
just finishing up the day thanks for
watching hope you enjoyed today's video
and please leave some comments below and
I'll leave you with this last look at my
giant garden
ya saliste some comments subscribe yeah
those everybody's gonna subscribe and
give us some thumbs up anyways thanks
for watching see you tomorrow believe I
didn't have a nap today I knew he was
tired but look how tired he was
you'll be a matar play when he grows up
for sleep
his head pop it up and down with here
are humanity's fell asleep lightness and
most of all lie down on your online
night darling so cute now I have to take
a picture of it
