okay so we're getting ready for our bike
ride Malachi's in his spot and at me and
Levi going in the trailer
so we're just walking to church is
getting or walking because this guy
parked his giant moving truck right in
front of our house so we can't get any
of our cars out what the heck's to deal
with that I can't wait like going like
your driveway oh it's too big to go in
there driver but they could pull for
further floor probably yeah so we're
gonna go to church now we're little bit
late cuz we had a late morning but it's
supposed to be what do they sit weather
reports say today's supposed to be oh um
Syrian heat and blistering humidity yeah
so it's gonna be a little hot today I
think I don't know maybe so we're gonna
go swimming or something I don't know
we're gonna do something outside baby
stay inside for the AC I don't know
we'll see it happens okay so we were
going to get slushies but they're all
out so now we're gonna get some frozen
drinks oh you like ice cream sandwich so
we live like three seconds from the
convenience store and look at all the
popsicles if you like completely melted
melica email Kyle again drape on his
sock already ok what's your face oh I've
nieces drippy to buy gave her clean so
hers isn't that messy right Jesse sit on
the floor sit over here on the deck yeah
yay popsicles in the hot hot summer came
alki what do you have we got polka look
what we do with your extra pogo stick we
poaching a strip on it you guys got a
chicken BOGO that bunny yes Levi again
with the yogurt your ID say yogurt mess
machine okay so working right for a bike
ride Malachi's in his spot and ab me and
Levi are going in the trailer it's a
little small for you but you're too
you're not fast enough on your bike game
so yeah we're gonna go to the beach
hopefully doesn't rain before we get
there
this is another guy trying to hold a
surfboard levi's in the water dadi
japanese
subscribe those are big ways a buddy are
you going we go this is my kind of each
is that this relaxing
ok
by the big tree just relax enjoying the
breeze worry about a hot Sun on me I
like it good ducky they just started
swimming in the water a little bit windy
for them and wheezy he just scared on
you scared them so bad
the mommy and her baby
nah
I don't I was cleaning up okay that yeah
yeah clevo myself yeah no I'm gonna
leave it there you just keep singing hey
you dropped it in their truck like thick
inside the guitar let it get out
