okay so we're just up for lunch for my
friend ginger retirement and you're
about to sing an awesome happy birthday
song to them for retirement so we'll see
how it goes awareness pursuit he cooked
it is the double hitter no hitter
they're setting up to karaoke
this is giving me gauge yeah without the
listing and gentlemen welcome to loose
in here hey maybe we haven't seen this
birthday cake let me sing our purpose
college in it whoo happy birthday happy
birthday to you happy birthday to you
happy birthday dear Cindy happy birthday
to you not yet all right until April my
love you kintyre hang off licence and
pile up leave me don't y'all come get
sir Sir do you come to go Haney gave me
happy birthday make a wish hello
carrying us wrong Jim Carrey you're so
moved by this a no you're gonna be happy
birthday
subscribe okay so I'm just on my way to
my friend Jim's work retirement party
and I don't know if I'm gonna have that
much battery time left los gayo this all
do normal just crash into me okay I
don't know much battery out left cuz
just about daddy almost died just on the
last video I made but yeah so we're
going to them going to the retirement
party and I don't know Holly this going
to be go to but I'll hoping to make it
back for family movie night I don't
think I will might catch the end of it
but yeah should be a lot of fun look at
tortured Jon me by day hey guys what's
up so i just finished that the little
retirement party for my buddy Jim it was
awesome I'm really gonna miss work on
Jim he was the best he always liked was
into the same type of stuff with me like
you like camping hunting like doing was
cool stuff and like it's gonna be
horrible not to have someone to talk to
about fun stuff like that but I mean
what are you gonna do is time for him to
retirees we're looking forward to it he
and I are probably gonna do some fly
fishing or something though we talked
about that but yeah I'm in a really good
time my boss got like a huge spread of
food it was delicious my friend Gail
bought me some drinks and stuff she's
really great too she's a great night I
really good time talking friends like
enjoying people's company and stuff
outside of work it's really nice to kind
of get outside of work and just chat
about fun stuff and so to work all the
time so area I feel like every time we
have something like this after the next
day we go back to work it's just so much
fun or
eric is everybody you know gets to kind
of reconnect and all that kind of fun
stuff but yeah so I'm surprised my
camera's not take it cuz he's been like
on 0 bar for like the longest time but
yeah so I'm going home and try and make
it a family moving it can't wait okay so
I'm at home just in time for the end
half hour 45 minutes of movie time we
got to color with a panini by this fell
asleep malc I had to go to bed really
because he wasn't behaving so he ain't
get to watch the movie with everybody
but yeah so tonight I'm pooped I'm just
going to go ahead and pack up all my
stuff for music on the streets tomorrow
and then I'm probably gonna go to bed at
right singing a little bit but i'm so
tired like I cannot do that thing yeah
so thanks for watching guys and don't
forget to subscribe leave some comments
below because I want to chat with you
guys I love chatting on youtube so just
give me a couple comments and we can go
from there start a new relationship with
us anyways thanks for watching don't
forget to subscribe and we'll see you
tomorrow
