Roxy abney graduate now she's really
excited for it we're excited to see her
so i hope her here really have to get a
front-row seat
it's Avenue guys uation day at school
today and we're super super excited and
Avenue woke up early because she wanted
her nails painted and we straightened
her hair I shook so beautiful and we
picked out matching jewelry and we
picked out um heck be who took it all
her stuff like it Dahlia so she's
wearing her pretty Easter dress to her
school normally she wouldn't be allowed
to wear a pretty dress like this to
school because it would get wrecked or
whatever but I told her today she could
cuz it's a special day and get the glove
Shelly yeah it's a special treat right
we got coupons in the mail yesterday so
he can go and you happy to use all via
money right so duck she's got this
pretty little pink headband and she's
got this little flower necklace and then
her flower bracelet that matches and
then you see her nails so she got pink
is this a new nail polish she bought um
when she exchanged her gift and we did
half blue look at matches so well and
her toes are done so pretty are you
tired of him getting up early yes just
she was up at like 630 with me I was
like whoa I can't believe she's up
already but she were really excited I I
ideally no but I woke I woke up before
you woke up mm-hmm I stayed up for a
little bit yeah yeah you're tired cool
alright you well before I walked by you
already up Wow yeah you're tired that's
a nice soon to go
weekly my up now Levi hi I'm sorry I
gotta wake you you're gonna eat lunch
before we go I don't he doesn't wanna be
touched right now mom I just pulled up
guys guys I don't want to wake up mom
you've been sleep in two hours oh my
poor baby hi hi he cited to join us for
the day now oh yeah oh yeah Roxy abney
graduate now she's really excited for
we're excited to see her so I hope I
really have to get a front-row seat
michigan
did you see abney japanee ok so I'm he's
graduated from kindergarten great Avenue
now she's gonna go to French school so
she's gonna have a little bit of a
change next year but yeah the graduation
was really good as nutrigrain bar the
graduation was really good we're really
proud of her she's a smart beautiful
awesome little girl who's so nice and
kind everybody that she meets I love you
abney I love you I've been he I know if
you have been he anyways so she's really
happy to be graduated and we're happy
for her so we're just have specially to
celebrate omni's graduation yay yeah and
she's getting all the kind of stuff she
wants we're having some good
old-fashioned fun what do you got
Malachi whoa you're like Jake the pirate
with a sword Malachi the pirate
you guys at the table with it yeah so we
just finished our dinner a socially and
it was yummy they changed a lot of
things on the menu though like a lot of
things were really disappointed because
now it seems like no restaurant has like
a decent like for your money kind of
kids meal but anyways um because she
forgot to give us our free skittles we
ended up getting three packages so that
was kinda yeah but like three mini
packages at like five stories you used
to give you like a butterscotch sundae
after a kids meal for free no they used
to give you a dessert and treat head of
the treasure chest but now they just
give you this piece of crap package of
skittles and if you want a little tiny
one scoop butterscotch ice cream it's
just bad for two dollars so we're like
let's go to McDonald's get some
strawberry sundaes instead that's what
we're doing for our special treat
because she's a graduate you should
gather the boomer decided I'm gonna get
a special treat for myself too and I'm
gonna get a Shirley Temple but he had
three of them and I always Gwen Oh real
good reason in like half an hour yeah he
likes like I had one like every 10
minutes yes no sudden my tummy feels
sick too much Bob and then she tried to
charge us for three shirley temples but
just for refills ya think he's like oh
there's not be reposted days you had to
be ten dollars i was like what ten
dollars that can't be right and then
what
I storm here he's here about Daisy yeah
he shrugs me because there's a story
anyways so then I had to pay I say to
our I'm pretty sure these are fruity
feel she's like well I kinda started so
I don't know so true though they are for
every Sunday please subscribe to my blog
okay so next always going off at me like
oh you have a nap all the time your was
napping and then he goes ahead and he
said oh my tummy hurts i'm just gonna
lie down on the couch for a little bit
and I'm like yeah you're gonna fall
asleep I could tell and he was like no
no I'm not Vicki I'm not gonna fall
asleep Oh door he was fast asleep on
this couch not two seconds ago and you
heard me start recording oh it's not
true here I am you see me sitting up boy
no he was fast as if you're snoring and
everything on the couch um for like the
past half an hour for me half an hour he
was sleepy show me bad what a little
dork well he was and I was just saying
that he I nap when the kids are napping
ebony was sleeping Levi was sleeping and
I was sleeping kidnaps everybody's away
again it's like right before bedtime
okay I'm one of those he naps like when
he completely shot everybody else out I
nap when they're sleeping you see the
difference yeah I know but I'm not
really good she naps every day that's
not true ah sorry just having a little
bit of family music time for bed they
all got their little instruments here
Jean bears yes zombie what do you got
this is it especially given that makes
noise tambourines guys guys guitar where
did levi go where's Levi have a fan but
he's dancin he just bought it away said
my answer it's my wife is out lately and
I real money or 15 points yeah I'm good
I this is near a cookie taken aqua neat
down okay your sister a little bit you
can edit if you don't want it on
do your family in the nursery lace very
good Malachi
Oh
I
damn
Oh
I
Oh
Wow
no bed
hold on cheers snuck the night
nothing I
nothing not hold on to nothing I hold on
to nothing I
stay yo just a little bit little family
worship time hope you enjoyed it
