okay so Vicki and I are on our way to
worship practice for biggie
look when Levi me he made a Tower Oh
Paulie out are you gonna make it again
yeah let's see to get it on there Oh No
wobbly uh-oh I can't do it anymore now
he's mad he threw it away he's mad you
try one more time don't give up Levi
don't give up
yay good dar you proud of yourself that
was good Mike what we found on our walk
home do you see them one for the bunnies
ebony thinks it might be the baby bunny
is all grown up well if I don't move the
shoulder okay dear dr turn it off any
friends there so playful no he happen
everywhere i think it is the baby
bunnies growing up a bini cuz they don't
look old enough to be adult bunny no
they keep going in the fence and clean
in there at least you'll get like text
no that is being here we go there
playing tag aren't they they're having
fun we're the other ones go I walk alone
oh I thought there was three all right
well there they go we're playing in
there now bunnies come out of there it's
not safe go back in your bush
okay so Vicki and I are on our way to
worship practice for biggie yep is gonna
be Ashley Oh green light it's gonna be
awesome because it's not a worship
practice for sunday but a worship
practice for something that's called
music on the streets and they close this
entire Street we're driving on all the
way up and around the band and there's
only music musicians playing everywhere
you look boom boom that musician and a
musician they're everywhere and this
whole section over here is only for
worship so it's like a Christian section
so we get to play there and it's gonna
be amazing we're hoping like tons of
people come and talk to us and we can
help them like maybe start their own
relationship with God and change their
entire lives ok so I just got back from
the practice for the music on the street
and it was a lot of fun I think we're
going to sound pretty good the group
that i'm playing with that everyone
seems to be working out great now it's
just up to me and Vicki to practice our
set because we have a full hours worth
of music to play and we haven't really
had too much practice we kind of just
found the keys that we like but we
haven't really sat down and played it
through so I don't even know if we have
full hours worth of music yet but we'll
put something together we're hoping that
when we go we're going to have a little
bit of time where we're going to tell
people like hey if you want to have time
to somewhere pray with you of anything
wrong with you whatever come on up and
there will be people to pray with so
hopefully God will move people will come
up and get saved and started to create
life of knowing who God is in their life
so yeah should be a lot of fun i can't
wait for it Vicki's really proud to
achieve every time she just on the phone
doing some work so i won't bother
anyways thanks for watching subscribe
leave me some comments sometimes i get a
video and I'll get like three or four
comments and I'm like yes so I'll go on
quickly and like respond everybody and
like sometimes i get 0 comments so I
even leave me comments like hey Nick
what's up how's it going man like that
was a great v I really appreciate you
taking the time or don't have to say
that I don't care if you want to say you
appreciate it or not just be like hey
Nick what's going on or hey Nick this
just happened to my life what do you
think or isn't this cool the thing just
happened like I want to know what's
going on with you guys too so anyways
thanks for watching
