okay so i found the beam water so the
kids can swim without wouldn't leave i
sleeping attached in that pool is it
cold
just walking home with the kids after
church they both just finished their
yummy treats that they were eating and
yeah you guys in the shorter here if you
notice Nick's missing because he's on
worship teams need to stay later for
practice uh oh yeah on our walk here
this morning we saw a really cool
dragonfly smackers asking where it went
I'm sure it flew away buddy I wouldn't
recorded this morning but someone was
like doing the weed whacker or something
it was so loud he wouldn't even be able
to hear me talk but yeah on the way we
sound like a really cool dragon fight I
had like double wings on it was really
cool looking and then um even on the way
back and we were walking um do you want
to tell about the seagulls yeah there's
44 seagulls I thought I like the light
in the parking lot of the grocery store
yeah in them acro there's a girl on
there and and you like this it was like
like like try to get the chrome like
right off they're making so much noise
right yeah finna single just like
sly ended in it and I was like and then
stress me out into carita yep it did and
we really wish you guys showing you on
camera but I didn't take the camera out
in time but it was really funny mm mm ah
the knowledge and the seagull just stole
and they stopped making noise as soon as
the crow is fun that's great it was
pretty funny can I taught the kids a
lesson because I said those seagulls
were being a bully to that crow they
should have shared their spot with the
pro even though they're different birds
so it's a good learning tool I were
these shoes today and I haven't worn
them in a long time there and might like
a bin from like summertime and walking
in them like all right here I feel like
I'm starting to get a blister on the
side they're so uncomfortable so i don't
think i will be wearing these shoes
again okay so Vicki's out at a pampered
chef show so I cleaned up the kitchen
and living room in the bathroom and
stuff like s I did so that she can come
home and just kind of relax and then
maybe we can hang out spend some time
together so usually when she comes home
or usually what I come home we don't get
to spend any time together because she
has to she's like busy cleaning up or
doing something like that we don't get
to hang out so I thought I'm gonna clean
up for them when she gets home we can
hang out and she just had an excuses but
anyways I filled up the pool with water
for the kids Vicki's mom had bought this
pool for them last year see it over
there is a zebra pool put it on the
chart because usually our grass is weird
and like the bottom of stuff that we
thought with Argus all gross so I don't
want this pool to Rack so I filled it up
and we turn the hose on it shoots like a
water fountain out of it too so
hopefully they'll go in it and I'm
trying to see if Levi well going into
but he's still sleeping so we're still
gotta wake him up in a few minutes or so
we might go swimming but the kids are
looking for the baby monitor because we
don't want to leave Levite inside by the
song we can't find it did you guys find
it no me either I know where it is oh
well subscribe
okay so i found the beating water so the
kids can swim without with levi sleeping
its head in that pool is it cold you can
put your head under too if you want to
try take okay you can try put your head
under if she goes go on your knees go on
your knees what's a good way anyway Tom
knees gonna put her head in I am try
again go really fast whoa good try okay
you want to put your head in whoa splash
that's pretty fun pool guys watch this
I'm gonna turn the sprinkler bird on and
get them gotcha
you don't like it yeah I'll turn off
okay Levi's gonna go try out the little
pool put his feet in he was sleeping
when the when his sister and brother
were playing boy he might not like it it
took well i think is again touch me PS i
was like no it's like GSP don't freak
out though hey Levi can put your feet in
the pool I don't think he wants to I'm
gonna yours too oh I don't think he
likes it Vicki oh poor baby he may have
liked it when they couldn't the sister
and brother were playing in it but not
now hey guess what guys what Vicki I I
came home from my favorite chef party
which was great by the way um I came
home and the house was clean that's
right i walked in the front door and i
went into the kitchen and the floors
were washed the county's Rock paired off
dishwashers empty like just pick a span
clean and then I welcome to live in
there on the carpets vacuumed and the
couches look nice and the pills are all
up to catch her vacuum too yeah and the
couches were talking to just in case
you're wondering don't I have an amazing
can't
or what Kenley or well the kids were
good will you cleaned obviously yes they
said they'd help clean millimeter yeah
I'll their toys of their toys and he
just destroyed away yes I guess it was a
family operator shouldn't take all the
credit my job snakes clean bedroom yeah
because I went through like all my
clothes and left them all over the floor
yes she did so she has to do that one of
my church hahahaha so I heard from Nick
that the kids were really good today and
they both just say all or supper suck
you into my special treat today Oh check
it out yummy and I really really want it
now I'm looking at it but I'm so full
from like eating in front the paper chef
party and then having a little bit of
dinner I can you fish my dinner so if
you don't finish your dinner go get
dessert so now I'm just gonna add a
little special treat they don't know
what's going on their ice cream they're
gonna be okay guys you're comes your ice
cream yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy
where mom like get me where I'm your ice
cream hail geese are amazing hair is
already this baby thing keeping I
couldn't find any mini tones to leave I
so we had a little bit of experiment
Carly
if you have a budget fight it with your
mouth is it good
I hope you found the pieces as he had or
could be cool that's a big fight cool
we got by this no please just going to
dig the HP note with his hand
