check your daddy and Levi up hi how you
play in the base are you helping Danny
practice for worship oh yeah are you
doing a little head Bob
well I'll leave those two groovin away
and I'm just about to go to the grocery
store we have my big family reunion
today so there's gonna be tons of aunts
and uncles and cousins and everybody so
I'm going to this store to get some
stuff to make my delicious mango salsa
bring there and it's chickens on sale at
night like my spicy buffalo chicken dip
that's really good too so it's just
inside my greenhouse just checking on
things is going to see if everything is
going in but there's a little baby bird
trapped inside here I gotta try and help
them out of here Sookie buddy I've come
to help even though you've already
destroyed some of my plants I'm gonna
get this guy
let's trap themselves into the corner
and behind the bushes all right let me
try going around side get it out of here
here is mom that's too so if it doesn't
trying to tap you but just came back
here something that you won't attack me
all the biggest k-pop oh look Oh call me
man i was trying to help your super bird
on my green nose whoa get some defense
okay yes get a little birds the birds
are bad at me as if i trapped him in
here come on you knocked over my place
not the other way around whoa nice dry
maokai you want to show us your skipper
moves damn you look out for milk I Devon
sir
whoa nice yeah you can write about
yourself let's see you do that trick
excuse me on me oh nice trick cool moves
dude yeah you're rocking it yeah he goes
his moves one two three go yeah nice
move dude yeah give me five I'll give up
on myself I know you got good skills kid
moves to try I can't do that movies too
hard that's you hard yeah yeah you want
to stay yeah yeah yeah just you yeah
yeah yeah and twist quick what do you
call it what quit beer 20 a grip okay so
because Vicki had to go on a shopping
spree at the mall were like two hours
late for her family's reunion so we're
here I'm know if you can see the sign
i'll show you when we get closer but
we're at Vickie's family reunion and
it's pretty fun I guess they have like
they have like a lake and stuff that we
could forget check our shoulders just G
impactful stuff there's a sign welcome
to week fast so we're gonna go partay
we're starving because separately okay
bye are you going all the way in the
water now like swim means to me Kaleo
not
no how do you ever like talking or even
some water if it was nice drop your
camera in the water I just ok here goes
uncle Chris don't hit the engine sounds
crazy crazy i'm using I yeah your camera
oh nice guys cool new lightning mcqueen
life jacket on so you'll a tacit buddy
make sure ok oh yeah I need a clean life
jacket how's the water nate I'm unit
uncut you got a light jacket on Avenue
it's okay sweetie oh I remember you
can't hold on to me because I don't have
a life how are you gonna go in okay
daddy will run it down we don't want to
go in don't want to go in by yourself no
no if you jump in doe your weight you've
got it goes down
already but that was that was it well
the free it was it cold is it cold yeah
you are jumping you want to jump in your
jump jungkook red you're gonna jump
chuckle Chris really okay okita know my
in there oh maybe not quite equator jump
there where do you do it you feed your
mind JV we throw you in okay so we just
finished up with Vickie's family reunion
and it was a lot of fun yeah was the
first had a great time we went swimming
in the lake avenue in swimming for the
first time oh yeah you saw that i didn't
realize your record oh yeah I guess dice
everybody so I have any way in the lake
for the first time that was cool sorry
we didn't require like the whole time
and show the family and stuff but a lot
of people like we didn't know if they'd
be okay with being on camera stuff so we
didn't want to like
intrude on people and we don't see them
enough to be like hey guys can we serve
video sleeping we videotape this open
literally like a once at your thing like
and every year I finds new people yeah
so it's like I don't know how that
happens oh yeah i think it's like people
that come from like away and like yeah
yes so check out my new gear got my new
hat got my new sweater on what's up i
remind you sir yeah this is what we got
while we're shopping at the mall forever
i don't know can see Vicki anyways yeah
so yeah it was a pretty good time I'm
tired now I was tired already from the
shopping then we I ate like a crapload
food and then I went swimming so like
yeah I'm pretty tired you can say I'm
tired oh very slowly please check out
the ice cream place I don't know if you
guys here all the time as a kid my
grandma and grandpa used to live just
down this street here oh just on this
street sorry know where you trailer park
they used to live on the lake too that's
the trailer park so it's not right down
here down by the lake can we use down by
da store hearing an ice cream play at
that park over there
so a lot of my childhood was over here a
lot of memories for tiny come visit back
those are pretty nice little trailer
park actually oh yeah we should get a
trailer I'd be fine kids really want
there ok IM page or watching ok so it's
the mall stay with the kids I very show
you them playing the playstation wow are
you just going to say i read a mind is
like some returns and stuff today and
everybody that was in front of me had
the shortest shorts on and we're total
shoulder wolf but she like the whole
definition of their bunk nothing I don't
want to see in your butt
