and everybody that was in front of me
had the shortest shorts on and we're
totally showing you a whole bunch II
like the whole definition of their bump
playing off the plate please that's cool
are we having fun we have been funded by
oh here's Malachi he's been running
around like crazy this whole time run
run run run run run run run oh okay so
I'm on my lunch break but I feel so sick
today like my nose is so stuffy ones are
pretty so I just waiting got this khalid
cold aside medicine never used it before
but i hope it works so sneezy radios
cough fever at a call i can crap i
usually use a different one same brand
and it works really good but this one
the other one didn't say Stan easier
runny nose so I'm going to try this one
see because that's kind of what it is
just easy ray knows the other ones for
sinuses I don't know we'll see try it
out see it works hopefully does cuz i am
not feeling it i just want to go home i
have two and a half hours left oh so
then I you all been sleep for a little
bit before I kids jump on me go nuts
okay so it's the mall today with the
kids as i already showed you them
playing the playstation stuff well i
just gotta say I waited in mind tastes
like some returns and stuff today and
everybody that was in front of me had
the shortest shorts on and we're totally
showing you a whole bunch eat like the
whole definition of their bum that's
like I don't want to see your butt and
like hey everywhere I look for short
shorts like what happened seriously what
happened to like nice long styled shorts
like Bermuda shorts where did they go I
just is so frustrated and so disgusted
with the style that's in i even went
into a store where I bought these from I
think it was like five years ago or
something she's like yeah that's not the
style anymore the style like the really
high waisted shorts that show your bike
now am I go no kidding I'm like I don't
understand that at all
I just I just don't know what to do
about it it just was really disgusting
when I was waiting in line in people's
butts cause it's not what you want to
see and you don't want your kids to see
that either so today's little bummed
about that to our blog so i pick Tapani
up after school and now we're at the
library and we're gonna pick a movie for
family movie night so it should be fun
hopefully we find something something to
hit miss you never know so here we are
good library tada so avenues I just
explained to her what this movies about
that she wanted to get and now she's at
playing it her brother maokai he's a
good count okay he's so good where's he
gonna he's good at doing losing like
stuff and getting it in what what sport
fast basketball mm-hmm and what happens
to the other guy he can he's not real
good he keeps falling down back into pit
bull MMP keep and he cannot like get it
in and get the ball in the net yeah but
don't then after day it is and this is
the future they switch there till they
switch talents so this guy it's bad it's
not very good at not a good player
he/she day like what eat it yeah he's
very good oh very cool sounds like a
good one I totally destroyed the kitchen
didn't I okay we have like this leftover
BBQ chicken so I like chopped it all up
friend of the chicken choppers um and I
started to make a homie pizza so i made
like my dough over here he's really
really messy and then I had my cornmeal
to roll out my dough and like get it to
the pizza sighs on mine at oh and over
here in bowl I off I told you guys yet i
don't think i did i think i forgot to
tell you Oh Malachi peeps in the car
again so his clothes
I'm soaking in the bowl trying to get
out the W berry muffin that way up all
over him in the car I just I just don't
get it all of a sudden he started
getting carsick out of nowhere and he
was even in the front this time not the
front seat but the front of the van is
normally Albanese it's there but because
she wasn't going to be with us she was
at school I put him in the front
thinking it would help it did it like it
I got something about oh it's the power
supply thing for my guitar effects
pedals oh is that the thing you axe
accidentally or ordered no this one I
consciously work oh that one's the
conscious one because the effects pedals
need to run on these power supplies or
battery that dices flowers mm-hmm so if
I was gonna buy rechargeable battery is
like twelve dollars of battery interview
goes for a charger this thing's $45 for
an Incan charge of bird can power 10
pedals mm-hmm so severity great then
other ones like this for like 200 hours
right so I was like when I saw this when
I was a quote was sweet you gotta get it
gotta gotta gotta gotta get it get it
get it get it get it get it get it
thanks not feeling good come on a lot of
medication Rena he's drugged up there's
a BBQ chicken pizza
check it out notice how there's only
cheese on one side and my husband does
not like cheese so he always had this
mochi
now you all want to piss off her yeah
let's go get my baby
