ok my cousin Matt he's coming over came
over and she has a hedgehog
he's so cute this is like the
friendliest Hedgehog though we have the
one before it was I called me and I was
like kissing ass and stuff No hahahaha
so q is seriously the cutest Hedgehog
this is Maddie's Pet this is felix just
a 20 go see you guys like okay don't
know he's is it is like pain is just
wants to go explore you got a really
good way you're right about them being
friendly or not though because remember
mrs. were solely yet they weren't hers
they were serious babysitting so they
were in their regular no she bought
though no I big babies no they bought
them and then they got rid of them
because they were just me knows huh he's
not in his regular hold me know though
yeah yeah look at me just like so
friendly as it wants to just go explore
hey hey Duke you where did you get in
from I bought it off some girl on kijiji
she got a really good deal too yeah he's
like I wanted to explore he knows his
name though yeah yeah and he knows my
scent like Who I am yeah so I'll come
home from school and I'll go in my room
like Felix and he like sticks his head
out of his height really yeah that's so
cute it's really huge mm-hmm I want to
get a hedgehog now I think Levi wants
out do you want out hey you want to go
in the stroller you know you won't go
for a walk okay you want to go for a
walk sis let me out of here
I don't know if you'll ever get to see
the other video that I made but I was
filming Bree out looking at the tadpoles
in the river and I dropped my brand new
camera in the river and of course it
shut down immediately and it went like
in the river I got it out but I mean it
sunk so I'm really sad right now it's
drawing out I took the battery out right
away in the memory card and I'm hoping
everything will be saved that way but I
don't know I think like water got right
into the lens because it's not like it
was closed when I dropped it I was
recording so the water probably been
trade-in I'm really really bummed anyway
so by some miracle i put my other
battery and a different memory card in
my old camera of where the lens wasn't
working and now look I'm reporting so I
have a camera today for now it's really
finicky so we'll see what kind of
footage we can get today so are you guys
do 1 knit on I really don't think I'm
gonna get much footage today I do want
to show you guys the tadpoles are right
in front of us so i can show you guys
now um they still only have just the
tail they don't have both the legs yes
but we're going to keep an eye on them
and watch them grow um I'm going to hold
on to the camera two hands and not talk
I'm holding really tight onto the camera
right now and the kids are in their
chairs so they can't know I don't have
to worry about them falling in or
something okay can you see them I don't
know if you can oh it's B's over here
and there buzzing and that's really
close everybody can see them
I think I don't know hey I heard the
froggy 2 so Brielle couldn't come last
Thursday because if you remember from
our um log that day that was when we had
all the the 911 call and the scare with
the cumin monoxide molesta so the next
that was the wednesday night the next
day was the thursday when Brielle
normally comes to see me and she
couldn't come because we were getting
all the repairs done and everything like
that so she missed doing her father's
day crafts so I mentioned it to her mom
and she said yeah for sure do it so
where do you meet today right it'll be a
surprise for your dad cuz fathers days
over but he's gonna get a nice card from
you right yeah what are you making right
now Brielle okay a card but what is this
right I got a rocketship Oh as a good
one wait till you see how it goes up to
the moon and back it's really cool you
ready to make it okay hey here's her
rocketship where's your car there
Brielle in the rocketship here she goes
good job rial what does it say do you
remember what it says say I love you to
the moon and back back I never you drew
the moon and back daddy there do you
think he'll like it do you think I like
it Breo do you think your daddy will
like it I'll take that as a yes okay
okay so every now and again he's like
where's my newspaper it's not here and
she likes to get the Thursday paper
because it has all the fire steal my
phrase match mean and stuff yeah and so
today the papers gained delivery were
outside on the porch and all of a sudden
we see this guy come out of his house
grab his paper walk cross street grab
the guy across the street paper grab the
paper beside him and then grab our
neighbors paper and then he was gonna
come and grab our paper and then he saw
me out there and he looked at me and
walked away with all these newspapers in
his hand yeah we have a newspaper
stealer in our neighbor
it and you've been taking my paper takes
it all the time and I think it's because
he's got so many freaking mutt dogs in
his yard all the times go like probably
15 dogs I haven't seen them but I've
seen that last year hear that yes oh I
think he uses him for a litter maybe not
but I no wait he just comes out and
grabs her boys paper he's such a bone to
like he always just looks so sloppy I
wish you wouldn't do that anyways if
you're watching this vlog near the paper
stealer don't steal our paper man that's
not very nice go get a newspaper or
something to watch our Canadian families
well you never know they just watching
right now if you're watching I don't
mean all the mean stuff I said but still
don't take my paper at least if you want
to ask and i'll give you the newspaper
part we just want to flyer geez Louise
maybe next time he comes we'll just be
like are you just wondering like the
paper part because I'll just take my
pliers and you can feel free on my paper
but do not keep my pliers ever again
haha don't mess a vicky first loaf of
homemade bread the bread machine love is
a pretty good then take it out let it
cool off this slice into it
