okay so i use the breadmaker Vicki got
me here it is here but i'm a bum bum
power and I made some buns
okay so I have my greenhouse closed up
the last couple days cuz it's been
really like rainy windy and stuff and I
opened up and check it out look at the
size of some of the plans the Kings are
going nuts here tomato plants are going
nuts cucumbers are going nuts everything
but the hot peppers are still kind of
small but like everything else is really
just taken off pumped but yeah if you
like gardening and vegetables and stuff
like that you should check out my
gardening videos i put a playlist 2014
vegetable garden or something like that
you can check out the playlist i put
videos up whenever I make a video of the
updates or the vegetable garden stuff
like that you can see that on that
little playlist so I try to update that
once every few weeks so check it out if
you like gardening okay so do you guys
notice anything different about me Vicki
didn't notice and neither did anyone at
work and I was just wondering if you
noticed write in the comments below if
you notice now I'm going to give you a
few seconds to get your thoughts
together notice yeah Vicki didn't notice
here something different about me
there you go point proven sure if you
noticed put in the comments now don't
cheat after I tell you what's different
don't cheat and put it in comments that
you knew that's what it was new glasses
do you know I just have no glasses no
glasses are you kidding me yours the
same glasses of that forever haircut yes
I got a haircut you did it yourself
didn't you yeah this morning oh oh you
thought it was yesterday there you go
chios nothing about me and it's a
significant amount I cut like three
quarters of an inch off so yeah thanks
for noticing Vicki and thanks for
noticing everyone at work and he be
didn't notice on YouTube thanks for
noticing you to live long Japanese
reading her new bar she good as cool I
mean that she got for her birthday I
won't record your reading but Qaeda show
them a book look it's a frozen good it's
he's reading the whole book by herself
she doesn't want to read on the camera
though so we won't do that but it's so
cool how she can read it okay so i used
the breadmaker Vicky got me here it is
here but I bump bump oh and I made some
buns so the bread maker did the dough
and then you take it out let it rise and
put it inside the oven cook it so I
tried this one first and then tomorrow
I'm gonna try break his bread takes like
four hours so I didn't have enough time
but this was the shortest thing so they
look pretty good i'm gonna try them in a
few minutes but yeah yum Madea Madea
Madea Madea Madea mmmm okay so Vicki's
gonna taste out my breadsticks first
yeah I just took them out like a second
ago they look good though and they will
see how so good I just smell them from
the other room at least really taste me
buddy I think I should have put them in
like a minute less or something cuz
you're a little okay yeah hmm it looked
like it'd been a little too long cuz let
she pick it up in little brown
I would have liked to be like lightly
browned oh my god it's dead wrong that's
really good yeah score one for the bread
maker Hey hmm that she's a really good i
think i may regret this Father's Day
gift mm-hmm man but using my moms all
right go to my tummy meeting and also me
PES was a victim all right ladies better
they're pretty good hmm young mm-hmm so
there we go now we have company we can
make a flexi breadsticks for something
hmm okay I gotta go cuz we're just
eating here
