guys what are we doing we're gonna do a
slip is fly
just got home from leading worship and
doing worship practice for tonight and
now I get to enjoy a can of coke with my
leftover pizza omni's party that's such
a nice thing when you have leftovers
like that Malachi's over here and is
like good oh what a in your life jacket
for but please like kayaking yeah you're
go kayaking after the party last night I
had like the worst headache so I just
had to like crash I just like was like I
can't do this I did bed time with the
kids like rarely and then i went to bed
myself at like nine o'clock i was so
tired and then my mom my sister helped
like clean up the yard and stuff and
bring food in and everything like that
so that was really really nice then i'm
hoping to get a nap this afternoon now
that nyx taking the kids kayaking i
might be able to get levi to settle down
for now and i can join you only taking
one kid at a time I can't fit all the
kids I look right oh man little big E's
really edge ok can get down he's already
done it he's already got down one at a
time to him ok so a venir I are gonna go
in the kayak today yeah perfect I just
got my life jacket they're going to take
to lake and go for a ride in the kayak
yeah water can come in here here's
malachi waiting for his turn up the
kayak you raced over here and beat daddy
didn't you we were way over there by the
bridge and then it's like I'll race you
so he had to kayak all down here and
then come around the corner to here
where you can just see them coming
behind the tree and Malachi ran all the
other Brandon over to the fence here and
then would adhere and he beat them watch
our motto oh the mal guys turn in the
kayak avenues happened her turn now how
was it Avenue how was it was it fun yeah
oh it's smelly over here you're gonna
get really wet if you do that sweetie
how did she get out no I think it's too
rough now that's a big wave now how you
excited for your turn hey excited again
go on little leaf of Waterloo golf ice
cracking that's the core Malachi getting
in the kayak without my god no sanity
just sit on your bum bud sit on your bum
ok sit like that then yeah just try just
try it just try he's so scared mad
daddy's in there now daddy's in there
you can do it buddy you're fine you're
safe
there he's okay now is that how you were
when you got in have any nope here we go
what's up I think I haven't had to do
you want to have another turn Zach said
Oh dad said you said well that's good hi
you waving hi sorry i made the camera a
little shaky when I was waving here come
the boys coming over to the bridge park
yeah hey buddy are you liking it now
how's it going in here when you get out
you'll be scared oh yeah so I thought he
was dead hey you see any froggy no
froggy see any either because that would
be a good way to catch frogs could you
can reach them from far away subscribe
to walk yeah I have a feeling Malachi
might freak out a little bit getting out
because it's really shaky and rocky and
I don't think that's the feeling that he
liked when he got on so we'll see how it
goes okay it's time to get out you're
not gonna haul
you
you gotta trust your daddy trusts him
you're okay buddy look look look oh quit
his flip flops okay just the foot
getting wet you're okay be careful
though you can't get it on it there it
goes come on up your buddy just be
careful when you're walk-in come on I
know you want to change no things here
was that fun with Daddy did you like
going kayaking oh I know he did Oh
didn't like being wet guys what are we
doing we're gonna do a slip is lad is
gonna be awesome so I'm gonna hook it up
and I'll show you guys the kids reaction
officials I didn't never use this before
okay so here's the slip and slide I'll
ready to go for the kids they'd never
seen this before so I'm going to open to
earn see what their first reaction is to
this you guys ready come on up what do
you think hey you gotta you gotta run
and slide on it on your tummy you could
jump on your tummy okay go move it
closer to the water yeah
you drive out guy
you want me to try it okay I'll try it
you
so I asked malafide will get his jammies
on goes out I would cut up his Apple
well you can usually and he comes out
like this in his jammies he's like they
matched their bull sharks but the shirt
was the shirts I pajama shirt it's a
babysitter it was very much no no no you
guys the Sharks he did to that shark
attack and he really was he really wants
to wear them to bed so I'm not already
right there that's right daddy where
it's bed I tried to get sushi seen it
wasn't jammies but he was like no I
really want to wear it so we're gonna
let him on the back and then there's a
necklace we like thin those again yeah
Oh
