okay so tomorrow's a buddy's birthday
party and look at all the stuff that
Vicki's got going on ticket general
counsel general county council
Malachi's helping me bake some sugar
cookies for the party tomorrow thank you
we're gonna do some be mixing the egg in
there mix it mix it put one hand on the
bowl oh yes I waited all day long to do
baking with Appetit when she got home
and she didn't be like it she wouldn't
want to make so I can had it done but
she doesn't want to and I waited for her
hemel is pointed she's less color no
good no mixes I pray before night and
you never have any plain paper left we
already need to so well I want to do
colored colored ones yeah you don't let
me thank you but I don't know room at
the table right now to be cutting and
making shapes and everything when we're
trying to do baking that's why you see
omni's face rainbow oh yes and should
our nails done at our playday um what
else did you think I rings on there was
there again omni there pull that you
make what this bear paws and entice them
generation yeah and did you do he has
like a blanket or something put over
your playground right yeah that was cool
you know how can have made it like a
haunted house and what else anything
else did you do those like that water
activities like with sponges or anything
or a nice fungus but uh mr. Hall
finished I need it with his braids with
the hose mm-hmm that's fun and he's gone
on a very appropriate shirt for her
birthday party tomorrow who's on your
shirt hominid I see it no you show me oh
yes alright that yeah she's a little bit
message every day okay sure yes soon
I'll guys got captain awesome his plain
shirt okay we better get back to baking
we will show you what we're doing as
get there but we're going to just be
stirring and getting messy so having a
designer to help with the rolling out
the dough and making the shapes part
that's precious and I can do that part
mom New York that's for frozen frozen
frozen so frozen to watch yourself
thanks Malik guys doing a really good
job separating the bottom cups I'll do
it all deep yeah you know all those ones
look at that separate the mall and put
them all in all by himself now he's
doing the big ones look he's plenty
separating it good job I'm not not fun
there you got it sure that enough
understand there's not enough of the
white ones you have to use the princess
ones check out what I almost just walked
into can you see this you see it can see
on camera back a fiber came down from
the ceiling and almost landed on me it
was like look frightening my walking
distance with that Oh gross st. okay not
guys doing karate chops at it yeah can
you get it it almost doesn't want to get
it though oh he's starting to go back up
Jay so tomorrow's Japanese birthday
party and look at all the stuff that
Vicki's got going on take a channel
channel channel town to chomp chomp
treats for everyone but when you make
treats you also make mess oh look at
this giant mess anyway it's not her
fault it's just the when you're baking
espresso I want to eat one of these
cookies so bad like everything inside me
was anyone we have a cake being made for
us from this person that we know who
owns like a company called i dream of
cakes and if you check out our facebook
page or the link below you'll see that
I've put a link for her Facebook page
also i'll put links for her stuff
underneath this video to you can check
it out so she makes all these like cool
design cakes and stuff like that so
she's making us a frozen special cake
for average birthday party and I can't
wait to see it's probably look so
awesome because normally we just
cakes and we like just iced like a
regular cake from a box in his iced up
so it's gonna be like the first time I'm
just going to get like an actually
special made cake so we're really
excited about that so yeah check out
crystals crystal and Mindy I think to
her partner's name is they have all
their stuff the links way below the fact
i'm going to put another link for it
right here in the video so check that
out check out our stuff and then you're
gonna see it Vicki's is interrupting did
you see I'm blogging yeah but oh my
goodness so do you like she interrupts
me is he in like three seconds I'm
talking she can't remember what she
wanted it this is a kind of stuff I had
to deal with on a daily basis okay so
you know that say something song by
great big world and christina aguilera
there's a Christian version of it done
by worship mob you need to check them
out to worship of rocks the friggin
house man haha we've been listening to
lately and like you turn on you can't
turn it off cuz it's so good so I'm also
going to put a late to work your mother
it gives you goosebumps I'm putting a
board a link to watch them all below to
because they're awesome they're on
youtube they got a YouTube channel you
can watch all their stuff and it's
strange so copy what are you doing what
are you doin ok so the Ambridge guy came
over to our house gave us this new hot
water here which is pretty nice but I
have two plugs over here
I'll show you two plugs right there that
have no power and I thought they had
power and you have to have power to run
this machine and you can't use an
extension cord but these was don't half
hour so I have to power them up figure
out how to power them up and then I have
an extension cord running now but I have
a five day ticket so five days are going
to come back and the power cord still
there they're going to cut the gas off
the house yeah well let me have it
anymore and I have to ventilate this
room they took my door off because there
haven't even a proper ventilation i
guess but this is just how it was when i
bought it so i'm gonna stick it VIN
right there and then hopefully that'll
solve the problem for the door i'll put
the door back on but yeah so that's what
i'm doing tonight ok i finish the vent
and here's what it looks like bama so i
cut a hole in the drywall and I just
screwed that vent into their put some
plugs into the drywall put the screws in
and I think it looks pretty good
hopefully that's exactly what they
wanted they're going to come back
another day Monday or Tuesday or
something like that to tell me if I've
done everything right so I think it
looks pretty good so I'm going to work
on some more stuff clean up this mess
and I me because I'm a pretty big mess
here and then that's it I might not I
don't think I'm going to do the plug
tonight toba ok so the guys who did the
the Ambridge water heater thing for me
took the door off and they took the pins
and they never gave me the pins back
it's not to go get I don't know if you
can buy pins from the store or what but
i think i'll see if i can buy some
stinking pins now i totally sucks why
don't think you mean a pins back because
i didn't want me to put the door back on
i don't know it's pretty frustrating
though so i guess most people don't put
the red back on I don't have a clue
pattukal is George S I'm freaking door
bins ok so I'm on my way out the house
and I noticed luck should the top of the
gear get stuck right there so I'm gonna
try to fix that real quick before I go
get those pins for the door I think I
need to tighten this partner up a little
bit I don't really know I'm gonna try
and figure it out
check it out problem solved no more
squeaking it squeak there's mr. Fixit
today got any problems cuz I'm on the
job ok so the pens i got don't work
there not long enough funny like four
inches and i got three and three and a
half because it guys is probably three
inches so i just put two of those in and
hopefully one the hydro guys come back
they give my pins back but there's a bit
I got the door up now just go vacuum
things up and I'm done for the night up
doing anything else ok there are some
serious perks to having our parents live
with us today my mom went outside and
cleaned off like all the toys like I
mean like she pressure washed and
scrubbed down with cloths and stuff she
cleaned like all a little kids picnic
tables she cleaned like the side the
house she cleaned the windows she
cleaned like the little Playhouse inside
and out like she cleaned it all she did
it all I was cited a like completely
when I was inside like baking and doing
some craft stuff and getting things done
um so like blown away by how awesome my
mom is and then I go downstairs to get
my laundry and look what my laundry's
like yep it's all done and folded and
like mom just say your dryer stopped and
I will come down and get it and fold my
own laundry she's like let me bless you
my parents are awesome so I'm at the
grocery store i'm just getting like a
couple of last-minute things for omni's
party and I said to the cashier said I'm
probably be back in the morning because
i'm sure there's things I forgot and I
need to get as like it's just like oh
yeah before a nice told her like oh it's
my daughter's birthday party am up to
here with baking and a lots going on I'm
going crazy and just trying it how much
the stuff done and she was like oh how
old nice to 86 like Oh what kind of
party another thing was just talking and
I told her it was gonna be like a frozen
themed birthday party and I told her a
couple things that we were doing and she
was like you're the coolest mom ever
like seriously that's the best I've
heard in a long time for a birthday
party she's like over the top and then
she was like can I come it was really
really funny I'm like sure it's down the
street but anyways cool
mom ever yeah that's right that's me
guys thanks for watching this video and
we hope that you come and tune in for
tomorrow's video because Avenue 6
birthday so everybody from the comments
happy birthday Albany and we have all
kinds of cool frozen stuff that we're
doing small and you're going to want to
watch it to see all the cool stuff
especially if you're planning your own
frozen birthday party for your daughter
or son you got to check this out and get
some awesome ideas that we're doing
anyways don't forget to give us some
thumbs up leave some comments and
subscribe thanks for watching
