okay so I was just in the I was playing
with the kids and then all of a sudden
smelled gas everywhere I run downstairs
on my cloak wrap it like reeks of gas so
I ran the kids over to my auntie s house
and now I called the fire department
they're gonna set a fire truck over to
check it out
it is a very yucky rainy day outside
today so I just decided well does
Skinner raincoats and will this comment
aside in Malachi and I will look for
worms and jump in puddles because
there's not much else to do and Levi
wants to jump in the puddles but he has
not rain boots but I might let him
anyways he really wants to stuff okay to
dance what's your balance cuz if you
follow you need a really dirty following
it I don't baby in it oh you get muddy
sock
okay okay no more okay maokai see you
jump wow big splash let's go find some
work well no see there's like some
weren't anywhere home or they'll is in
the hole
you know hole in the ground out and they
come out when it rains and we come down
and I don't love to be they're not
allowed to be in the Sun that's right hi
beautiful sugar don't so they don't dry
very good see the things they learn from
TV shows nowadays he learned that about
worms from that wild kratts show so it's
kind of cute we didn't find any worms on
our rock on our rock cutter walk earlier
but we are letting to look now a little
bit and see if we can find any but the
rain has totally let up thankfully for
my walk chicken Avenue from school so
I'm glad about that and then I'm gonna
stop at the store on the way back from
getting a bunny because we need to get
some stuff for supper I was gonna do
spaghetti then I was like I always kind
of do that when we don't really have
anything else
I do like chicken strips in a salad so
I'm just gonna go pick up like some
lettuce and some pepper and stuff and
I'm into that for supper tonight because
everybody likes that and that's nice and
easy for me because I have so much to do
so much on my plate I think I took way
too much on this week and now I'm like
Oh Army's birthday breeze coming up I
need to like buy things and plan and
make stuff and it's just a lot of work
so craziness anyways that's it okay so
now that Levi's walking we're gonna send
them off to work guys construction hat
on are you gonna go to work hey what are
you doing okay you're constructing yet
Here I am at my aunt Karen's house and
I'm just sitting here talking with her
and then all of a sudden look over and I
see a cat in a cardboard box and it's
her little house you have to see this is
so cute look at this very comfy Oh
aren't you sweet
you like it in there yeah you like it
look it just made it look at like this
little window and you said you have this
for like three years
yeah oh yeah sorry am i bugging you
that's the sweetest thing ever
okay so I was just in I was playing with
the kids and then all of a sudden
smelled gas everywhere I run downstairs
I'm like holy crap it like reeks of gas
so I ran the kids over to my auntie s
house and now I called the fire
department they're gonna send a fire
truck over to check it out but I hope
it's not a big deal I think has to do
with that Pilate that keeps showing it
on and off that I told you guys about
but yes the fire department's on its way
oh I can hear the fire alarm come in you
guys hear it that's for me I didn't
think it was that big of a deal but
they're coming I just wanted to do them
send over like one dude just check it
out that sounds like you're sitting over
like a little crew man I think they
missed my house oh wait nevermind here
it comes now I could get the big truck I
really just want him to send over one
guy here they come
sweet truck they got like a sweet key
right simple on the side it is
soon numbers and fire duties
okay I may go now to deal with the fire
guys they're going in to expect checking
it out okay so all the fire fighters are
leaving a stuff in it turns out that we
have carbon monoxide leaks inside of our
house so they gave us a couple of carbon
monoxide detectors because the one that
I thought I had was actually not a
carbon monoxide detector and so they
said just a wait outside for Enbridge to
come and then they're gonna come and
check and see if they could figure out
where the leak might be but so far the
carbon monoxide levels are gone down to
zero but the guys that are all done now
and they're gonna head back to the fire
department that was chilling outside but
I'm gonna go over and let my cousin know
because I dropped the kids over at my
aunt's I'll let her know what's going on
it's tough
but yeah crazy so the Enbridge guys
should be here any minute - my house is
gonna explode no really
okay so the guy who came to do the and
bridge stuff took this vent off and it's
built like a zillion dead spiders
everywhere
there's like a million dead spiders I
don't know if you saw there or not but
there's like literally like a million is
better so girls okay so I got everything
cleaned up from all the firemen and
Enbridge and all that kind of stuffs
here so basically here's a low down we
have to replace our water heater and I
have to do renovation Alresford s
because it's not up to code so I got a
ticket for that from the Enbridge guys
so if you get a ticket if you don't have
a repair next time they come they'll
shut your pot your heating and gas off
so then you're screwed right so I have
to do both of those things and I think
that's it which is those two things and
then so if you are around the air
conditioner we have to have a new water
heater because the old version doesn't
ventilate outside prop like by a power
and vents at least by something else I
don't really fully yet everything the
guy explained but yeah so I gotta
replace those things
but so it's wrong I try and get all that
stuff done pull me out of it but a bunch
of it so we'll see another house project
that I have to do winning a home isn't
as fun as you think
trust me but thanks for watching guys is
forget you need to subscribe you need to
follow us on Twitter and all that kind
of stuff and leave a comment this is the
most important part because I want to
know that you guys are watching the
videos what you think of it was
happening stuff like that and I want to
start up conversation as it get to know
you guys more so leave some comments
give some thumbs up and subscribe
