so I just bought this Bright Starts
Jolly Jumper this one here it comes with
the cute little toys in the mirror which
I thought oh that's so nice right and it
goes over the door so you don't need
like one of those big stands so I had it
hooked up over the door here and we
don't know if our like door jamb is like
smaller than others or lower because
you're supposed to have there our
tiptoes just touching the floor and
she's like completely flat footed so
we're like that's not right but you
can't adjust it anymore this is the
adjusting strap right here and you just
move it up and down like this but this
is as high as it goes so there's no way
that she's gonna get any use out of this
because she's not even on her chip toes
and it was not very easy to put together
either
this clip right here is super super hard
to like actually snap in place once you
get it over the door jamb so not good
it's all like plastic she's more like
swinging just like bashing her head off
the side like it's not going up and down
it's more going side to side like a
swing so I don't really like it I I do
like the toys and stuff that come with
it how bright it is and everything and
she was really distracted by all the
toys but that's about it there is
nothing else about this that I like so
needless to say this will be going back
to the store um not very impressed and
she's he's gonna bash her head maybe
here gonna bash your head I would not
recommend this product at all I do not
think that it's good quality and I do
not think that it's proper height
adjustment she is only six months old
and like just six months old and that's
supposed to be the prior age for a jelly
jumper and there's no way there is just
no way because she's completely flat
footed and so he's just hanging over the
side like that's not how it's supposed
to be people
