okay so the kids picked hungry hippo
hungry hungry hippo
I have had the laziest day I've had in a
very very long time I was up for like
four hours straight with mr. Levi
because I think it was because I think
it was because he was teething or
something but I to give him tylenol he
was feverish his nose was a mess and he
was just like it was brutal he's tossing
attorney like Nick got of the bed and
went and slept on the couch for the
night because he'd go to work and I was
supposed to be watching his little girl
today but thankfully the mom canceled on
me so I was like oh phew cuz I'm that
gave me an opportunity to be able to
like haven't happened stuff so my mom
was home and she came upstairs and she's
like I heard Levi all night long and I
was like yeah so it's like yeah I'm
pretty tired and she was like well I'll
watch the kids for you for like half an
hour if you want to just have a little
little nap in the morning get going I
was like oh my goodness that would be
wonderful so yeah my mom watched them
funny in the morning i had a little
snooze that was really really nice um
but that still just like what and so
tired and I didn't want to do anything
and it's now like three o'clock and
we're just getting outside for the day I
mean the kids have been like on the deck
on the hammock and playing and stuff
well I've just been inside trying to
pick songs for sunday cuz i'm leading
worship and i was trying to get that
done and i still have dishes to wash
from last night but I didn't even do yet
and it's just been a very lazy day ebony
actually stayed home today she woke up
with some pain in her leg so she said
she couldn't walk and what was
everything told me you couldn't do what
great class officer criss-cross
applesauce it's crossing your legs
Circle time and them she couldn't do
that so I was too tired to argue and to
get her out the door so I was just like
fine sale but um tonight I'm really
excited because I'm gonna go out for a
bit to my friend my friend Amanda's
house I wouldn't say obsessed we love
the show pretty little liars it's like
our little secret show that we don't
tell people about but now you guys all
know um but yeah I secretly really
really love that show and all I guess
not secret anymore but the season
premiere is on tonight so I'm going to
her house to watch it with her and I
like we cannot wait we're so excited
when you so long for it we didn't find
any froggies today but avenue found a
pile of tadpoles so she's collecting a
couple of those to take that to show
daddy to show anything wanna show mom
hey hey Lucas I'm see them in there
there's two of them thank you went to ER
they're gonna turn into Goths then I
turn into goats no they're gonna turn
into Josh froggy I know I just named
Julie look what my kids are up to now
you sitting here getting his supper look
what they're doing tying his feet
together no no get away from me and then
a nice and neck ya can't i ah check out
this even wait for tacos for a long time
I never had it like three weeks baby
yeah like three weeks so top na boo boo
what are you trying to do with the
bruise either not work should be here
now you just want a great out of it nice
die parents one kids 0 0 our hot water
tank has not been working lately pilot
Lee keeps turning
and I glue back turn on the it turns off
like the next date i turn on there's no
math nights cuz there's no hot water
yeah I don't understand why he's doing
that if you know what the problem might
be put in the comments tell us how to
fix that it's really frustrating but
yeah I gotta cut the grass because it's
supposed to thunderstorm for the next
couple days and Vicki's ditching me
against my answer all right probably the
night after the night after that cuz she
doesn't love me Vicki so I told the kids
go get ready for bed will get your
jammies on and a toothbrush ready and
everything like that and um and then we
will go downstairs and get game and
we'll play a game before bed since we're
going to draw our back but then the
whole thing with mixed up at the whole
hot water we couldn't do about cuz the
water wasn't hard enough revived um
Avenue got the toothbrushes all ready
for them for bed and look at she lined
them all up over here lady she put
little cups of water she's got a binis
and Malachi's and later bye that's what
we um actually when I was a baby I was
first DeadMau Hyden right first second
third very good and Malachi's got his
new turtle jammies on tonight you show
your turtle on the front yeah Surf's Up
one sure yeah they got shorts I got from
Levi's in his jammies but I put him in
summary jammies because he was cold last
night so wave the air on so I want make
sure they're warm enough big wonder
covers he doesn't okay so the kids
picked hungry hippo 23 homers your PO Li
you guys being a little bit of a monkey
okay okay
already go last one Oh Malachi snake
that oh look at all the look at that guy
Oh mom I taught me look if they got the
scene very good me my nigga you good
should we do it two more times nibbles
your books oh how many more times three
three more times okay three more times
Nick just called ebony to the door he's
outside mowing the lawn and then she
comes in as she goes look what daddy
gave me look what you brought inside the
house haha Kevin a caterpillar a big
fluffy one almost looks like I hair
scrunchie okay and I said but leave
iowa's got it I just take that outside
is it along inside take it outside Thank
Alois Shran okay thank you yeah I don't
like outside bugs and step inside my
house a date Abby in the house oh don't
pick your nose no I want to be in the
house okay a fire identified yeah a
dragonfly in my house yeah no I don't
want to drag you by my house J Jeff
Jarrett don't do nothing they don't do
nothing that's true but it's still a bug
insect what else should I don't want my
house what other bugs
hey what a big thing somebody's business
apply what is that sound of buzz Bin's
mosquito you mean thank you oh we don't
want mosquitoes in our house no well Oh
fine apply now a bun your fire butterfly
oh they're very nice and pretty but I
wouldn't want one in my house no Abby no
we already said that we don't want to be
a no that's not no no oh yeah how dark
the size that I bug anything that crawls
and lives outside does not belong inside
thank ya so I'm going a story get slushy
because I'm so hot after cutting the
grass but look Oh grass cut so yeah I
didn't tell the kids because they'll
want one and I want it all to myself but
they're going to bed just the main
reason why i would share with them if
they were gonna stay up so it was a
close call I got there and I opened the
door and lays like oh I'm sorry we just
closed I was like no like I police just
get slushy and she was like sure okay so
cool so I got it blue raspberry but uh I
so lucky Macon's I've been really bummed
out and looking forward to the slushy
all week so I didn't get out is so mad
but well I would be bad might be very
disappointed sorry the camera so close
to my face I'm trying to hold this in my
hand at the same time yeah so I got it
whoo anyways thank for watching our
vlogs we debit
look at this guy he was camouflaging in
the water so good i'm almost in see it
and then you made it look we made a
croak no I Vinny and then he's gonna
feel my gosh look at yellow chastised
come yellow it is i doin that yellow
before this is it good wrong we should
call sunshine the key here at yellow
bellied took a room of those given in a
shine
