at my staff picnic today and it went
really good
so today is the annual staff picnic like
/ appreciation day I guess and we have
volleyball tournaments there last year
there was a mechanical bull like this
giant inflatable rock tossing to battle
people off pillars thing it was super
awesome and they have like a big drive
barbecue and all that stuff happening
and they give you like swag and it's so
much fun so we where you work half the
day the rest adage go and party so I'm
really looking forward to it and this
year we really want to win the
volleyball tournament I don't think I'm
going to blog while I'm there just
because there's so many people in this
at work and I work for like a pretty big
company so they get really know what the
word is they don't like you to do things
like video taping or all that kind of
stuff so I'm not gonna bring my camera
and vlog there but I'm definitely I tell
you what it was like when I get back so
we're getting ready to go and catch some
frogs and mouth house and I was like
there's a crap there's a crab a crab he
says where's the crab look waiting found
in our deck do you see this thing what
is it ha it looks like it has like claws
and stuff like a crab so I can see why
you said it's a crab are you like that
very gross I don't know what to do with
that so anyways yeah there's a crab in
our deck and now we're gonna go and see
me and cut some froggies and yeah and
it's like it was part of an old dragon
fire song see ya piece of a dragonfly
that's what it was but yes you see what
Malik I thought it was a crab it looked
just like one um 20 days yeah so now
we're off to a kitchen frogs on the walk
home from getting at me from school I
was going to vlog about us we went we
walked up to the lake and we put our
feet in the water to guys like put your
feet in the water and I just put my feet
in water I
skin oh yes and to go out the bottom of
her dress wet but yeah she stood in the
water was it really cool it was ice cold
I don't know what she's talking about
but she loved it and they're throwing
rocks and stuff and leave I loved it to
you put his feet in the water he was
flashing around like crazy there's so
much fun leave i say more because as you
could tell from his face I gave him some
cookie now I keep saying more more he
can't have another cookie no we even
have an apple slice hey you want an
apple place yeah YUM he also just ate a
freezie to which was really cool he's
never had a freezie before either so do
you like your apples late not good the
cookie is it we did it look at this guy
he was camouflaging in the water so good
I almost didn't see it and then he made
a corp he made a croak noise Dinny and
then we found you hi guy look at his
yellow chest guys come yellow with it
I've been doing that yellow before what
she's a good frog we should call
sunshine he did you yellow-bellied here
sunshine ain't no sunshine would you
have to come home with us shipping in a
shine there's one p.m. he's a big one
right there I know he's hiding in that
area again you can see him by women you
see him camouflaging in there no there
is boy the big one
subscribe to my vlog so we got this
bucket for our froggy that we brought
home but our froggy is too big for and
it keeps jumping out and avenues had to
catch it twice now yo it jumped on the
rock l all the way over there ya next
time it jumped out Oliver onto the edge
Jenny grout it like this so won't go
yeah grandma's going downstairs trying
to see how thin I Rebecca okay good well
he was like he's ready to jump oh I'm
he's gonna go away I guess that bucket
doesn't work good John ok you you seized
it from leaving good job but my mom used
to do this with me when I was a little
girl I was obsessed with frogs when I
was a little just like a bunny and I
used to every day when I came home from
school I'd want to go to the ditch
across the road and go and catch frogs
all the times are all gay the only thing
that might stop it is the fact that it
has to jump up and out so the only side
it can jump up and out is that sign
right now which it will probably do I
know but for the time being I don't know
what to put it in it's too big I'll we
figured out of like that how how the
Frog will knock it out what do we do
they put the cabinet's does live back
and we printed a laundry basket on top
yep and in there get peace right there
mr. Harkess ego is so won't get out now
so there you go now you can show daddy
when he gets home right I promise that
I'm them up probably all like like one
jacket oh man you're prolly lehenga your
let him go tonight so tomorrow yeah yeah
ex he's a big one eh yeah Levi what are
you doing he got race all over your face
sorry not by beating a boner dream he's
blowing bubbles into his tray and then
he gets off and he's got rice on his
face hey my big boy crash okay so I had
my staff picnic today that me with her
father give another bug that my staff
picnic today and it went really good
they had volleyball they had rock
climbing they had like all these other
climbing things sure like the whole time
they gotta get ice cream all day yeah we
can ice cream you tell me why why cream
all day sorry and we had all day cotton
candy all day popcorn they had corn on
the cob they had a hamburger sausage
grilled chicken all different salads
yeah any day and they basically had
anything you could possibly want that um
slushies volleyball canoeing paddle
boating they had live bands the head all
kinds the vicki was she coulda came yeah
we've been fun i I don't know if she
could come on aspects I'm but I didn't
think she could but then I saw people
walking around baby stroller so maybe
you can so next time if she can come
it'll be so much more fun of shoes there
how's that up here you guys can watch
yourselves broad back to its home yep
we're taking back the head and we think
it's a mama comes with it
me yeah and it looks like Oh looks like
in the back by the collar sunshine okay
I bony's gonna let the Frog go there's
something over hey guys thanks for
watching and I feel like we've been
having a lot of frog videos lately I
don't know if it's just me or not but
the kids really love frogs and kiwi
there every day they're always like
let's go catch some product let's go
catch some frogs anyways thanks for
watching and we hope that you subscribe
comment leave some comments because I'd
love to get those comments reply back to
you and don't forget to also give us
some thumbs up action please thanks for
watching
