levis are walking today and he's gonna
walk to Malibu here he comes
today was one of those mornings where I
didn't have a good sleep mr. Levi
decided to come into our bed again he's
so cheeky and kicked me and pushed me in
the edge of the bed and I didn't have a
good sleep and it was just one of those
mornings where I just could not wait for
my nice hot shower and then I go and I I
there should go in an extra round the
water because it takes a little bit for
the hot water kick in like you know like
three minutes or something I turned on
and then I go to the washroom and then I
am jump in the shower and I was really
looking for to this nice warm relaxing
hot shower to wake me up in the morning
and I let it run for like five minutes
and there were still no hot water and I
let it run for like 10 minutes and there
was still no hot water I was like oh you
gotta be kidding me this all I wanted
sounds like well something happen so I
went and woke up nick is right here now
um I went and woke up Nick and I was
like like there's the hot water I just
fixed it the file i turned off so that
burner was everything and the problem is
I knew last night yeah cuz he was he and
I said well so warm maybe like the heat
got turned down a little bit you know
like the temperature and I thought the
water I have in both guard so I heat up
the water and then I put my mouth guard
in it so it gets soft and you put it in
a form Street mouth and I had the hot
water for soul honors like it's not even
hot and I'll just warm the biggies ago
that's what you're doing I should have
been like oh then decide later should
have been in vacation to go check
something out funny was too tired Janos
excuse i'm going to bed yeah you it's
bed and now we both wish yeah we both on
your showers in the morning that's
already like almost seven so now we have
to get going with our day and I'm trying
to have a nice relaxing shower anymore I
feel like that's all I needed and as you
can tell on the camera I have a groggy
morning voice hmm
bird hmm we're tired but um thankfully I
have a husband who can look things up
and figured I wouldn't fix it so that's
good and maybe I'll be able to speak one
in later I decided to let Levi feed
himself as boring as yogurt and he got
so messy he's so messier you doin look
at him he's putting his hand in it you
through the spoon on the ground you
believe is the end in it ain't making up
man it tastes good is it good I bet you
Brielle knows how to count to 10 jan
2015 can't say the rest 67 good dog guys
yeah mr. earlier come on let it go oh
yeah we were all singing cool even
though he knew all the words really yep
he was saying all right um let it go by
will Reagan is one of our kids favorite
songs what
I write like frozen let it go yes I was
thinking set afire Elia nose on my girl
rang he'll let it go but okay I was
thinking a completely different song I'm
tired it's going from work I was
thinking of will Reagan set of fire what
if any do they know all the words that
song is one of the favorite songs but
let it go is like one of those songs
that like people know but yeah check out
we have for supper st. salmon mmm okay
so yesterday in my vlog I was talking
about the different effects but all I
wanted to get so look up all the boss
pedals that I want if I got them all in
the over a thousand dollars I was like
what that's ridiculous like I got my
guitar for free and then have to say a
thousand dollars in effects pedals and I
figured if I got the entry-level pedals
I could get every penny I wanted for 250
bucks with that that's like good tax
including so like it's someone she
forget but I mean obviously the sound
quality and the durability of the pedals
are going to be different but i think
i'm just going to start off with the
cheap ones and then gradually save up my
money and get one or two or three of the
new ones i try to like ask like for
birthdays Christmas father's day all
that kind of stuff to ask for it's even
an expensive birthday present nobody on
the austerity present half half of it
yeah that is it possible there something
so I'm gonna gradually get the good
quality ones this is
subscribe to our blog Avenue asked if
she could have the neighbors over to
jump on the trampoline and so I told her
yeah you just want to go outside and
just get it already so look it she's
outside and she sleeping all this stuff
off but fell from the tree she's
sleeping it all up into the dust pan
making it all nice for her friends look
he's doing such a good job too and it
surely it should mean it was really
dirty before and they were like going on
getting any person to the car League to
the girly to the Carly oh because she
wants them to come over so bad Guardian
leave okay so I just like we're not
starting to pictures of so much stuff to
try and sell on kijiji to get those
effects pedals and I was talking about
so i'm posting like tents and like
hunting blind i have a hunting blind eye
on a widener counting and just all kinds
of weird stuff so like post all that
stuff up I'm gonna try solo leave I
started walking today and he's gonna
walk to Malibu here he comes cuz he
knows I you got it oh look where you
going the cradling you coming come on we
goin yeah
hey okay you want to walk back to Daddy
yeah the squeeze hug here comes Levi you
can see Daniel oh hey oh okay stand up
stand up man oh ok ready go yeah I get
it you do this here's a camera money oh
I hold it Oh cookie-mommy Guinea I got
the camera I could begin man okay you
can do it pull his hands up again its
kind of falling off on his foot okay
ready here we go I'm so proud than doing
it all day so awesome yep okay let go my
finger okay ready stand up he's such a
big boy now oh yes you did it oh you
went to camera huh hey Missy dear ah oh
you want it let me see what you want it
here let me see those all right what oh
yeah let me see hey youtubers how's it
going thanks for watching this video can
you believe that Levi's walking already
yeah well finally I should say he hasn't
moved we've been trying to get in a walk
for so long now it feels like but he's
doing it is so cute watching get up cuz
i really get he forgets that he knows
how to do it and you'll try and get up a
walk but like he'll be like trying to
figure out how did i do this again
anyways thanks for watching and please
subscribe give us some thumbs ups action
and don't forget to leave a comment
