check it out
hey guys what's up its sunday funday
gonna be on which team again today so
I'm pretty excited Abby maybe he's
awesome loom bracelets and we were
working those to church today and maokai
is cool i got a cool dude is no sleeve
shirt looking awesome oh nice moves whoa
whoa whoa whoa yeah that's all I'm gonna
say and I might be helping somebody move
or helping some of the late Florrie one
or the other I'm not really sure which
what I'm gonna do yet so we'll see what
happens like yeah because the person
moving they say they might be done by
time I'm finished church so it from
there not that I will help them but if
they are that might go help somebody
else with flooring stuff if they still
need help it'll never asked i was just
going over but yeah that's it for the
day for to me for me i don't know what
he's doing he's probably just having fun
with the kids yeah purple with the boys
in the girl hmm so Avenue has this tooth
that has been loose for like months now
turn front tooth right here but now it's
actually like hanging down by like a
threat almost because it's like totally
out on the one side but the other side
is like still stuck there but like look
what you can do with it it's like so
ready to come out look at it it like
sticks right up and totally look it it's
totally out on this one move your tongue
for a second it's totally out on this
one side yeah but it's like just hanging
by this tiny little friend so she's
really playing with it trying to get it
out of there if he's playing with it
with her tongue too and they feel usual
ready china and it's bleeding a little
bit which means like it's out on the one
side it but turkish she could leave it's
so weird Oh check out all this loom
bracelets that have any mates she's got
a necklace that she me she need this
cool bracelet and look at her feet
that's so cool
she did a really good job she was
spending like all day yesterday making
all those I had mine that I was grateful
she me tell me what you read she ran out
of like laughs thanks Ross she wouldn't
mean more but um yeah so we'll let you
know when that front tooth comes out
we're really hoping before family
pictures Levi's doing some gymnastics on
the floor hey I can read yeah oh that
was so good not fall by yourself to
standee good try again oh oh tada nice
moves Levi yeah check it out
is it Nikki you and take a step you want
to walk doing a walk come you come on Oh
does it hurt it's hard work isn't it is
on my head today oh my goodness Oh like
you're going again you're gonna get him
definitely gonna be passing the lock to
see the walking team the walking sing
the locking really soon yeah let me see
did a little buddy huh there it is
ticket are you happy did you go to go
yay she just came running out of the
bathroom oh and I missed it on the
camera but she just did it like three
seconds ago ray of the bathroom she got
it out looking I she's got a cute my
little too oh she's so grown up oh my
goodness gonna be sick soon as crazy kid
tells me yeah I'm so happy for you
that's more than one foot yeah y los two
teeth now that's cool Avenue Yankee
thought uh I don't know we can started
fighting about she got this little pink
box from school because she lost her
first tooth at school and they gave her
a little pink box um so I have it with
her first tooth that she lost in it but
I don't know where I put it VIPs so my
parents were kind enough and generous to
buy Nick and I and air conditioner and
we are so grateful tomorrow's must be
plus 35 so that's just ridiculously hot
and it's already been hot in here with
like plus 30 so we're really really
grateful for it so next trying to figure
it out right now and get it in and now
look who's playing around the box we
like being like a little robot in there
I see you thank you
near beneficiation so cute he walking
around with that I think in the robot if
it's Nick's trying to read the
instructions here and forgot what to do
right yeah we sure a man that reads the
manual doesn't try to do it on your own
I am a man you be you've probably
learned from experience so here is our
new year commissioner yay air hahaha
come on yep the big box Keenan mm-hmm so
yay hey guys how's it going thanks for
watching this video of man what's up
half the day levi's standing up by
himself apni is losing teeth you got an
air conditioner now you guys can
actually chill it with us on our channel
anyways if you really liked this video
which I know you did thumbs up give us
some comments and don't forget subscribe
