a baby funny we look so scared he's
trying to go into his nest little guy
okay come over here I see them all week
hey guys what's up so today i am doing a
lot of stuff i'm going to be building a
shed yes right villain shed so Vicky's
father in law and I are gonna build my
biggest flaw Vicky's dad and I are going
to build a shed together this will be
the second shed we've built together
actually so yeah that'll be pretty fun
this is on the instructions that should
only take about two hours but we have to
level up the ground and stuff first so
maybe I'll take a little bit longer i
don't know but right now i'm going to
the music store again because i got two
electric guitars then I try and treat
for one other electric guitar so it's a
really long story so if you've been
following my channel you kind of know
the history here so I got one electric
one bass guitar as a trade for some
remote control cars and stuff and then I
traded that bass guitar for an electric
guitar and then I bought an electric car
with an amp stuff like that for 90 bucks
so now I have two electric guitars now I
went to the music store to ask them a
question about something else yesterday
and then I realized they have this crazy
sale on electric guitar so now I want to
go and see if I can trade these two new
electric guitars for one brand new
electric guitar did they have on sale
I don't know that made sense think he's
like what are you doing she's like
that's so funny she was like why are you
doing that why can't you just be happy
with the thing you have I'm like what's
the big deal like if I can get it for
free here for a really little cost
that's a good deal anyway so that's what
I'm doing right now okay so i went to
the music store and i was telling the
guy the like what i was thinking about
doing and I was like do you think I
should trade for another guitar like
just work with what I got like what do
you thinks the best deal here and he was
telling me that the guitar that I got
last night was actually a pretty good
guitar and if i was going to trade up
the amount of money that I would get
wouldn't give me much more than what's
in that guitar already so in a regular
goes for like 200 bucks so and I got it
for free so that's pretty sweet actually
so i think i'm going to just stick with
it stick with what I got and maybe not
trade it in after all putting the kids
to work cleaning their toys in the water
table and so now they're all gathered up
the water table not knowing they're
working
washing your joy he's a quick dirty the
water's getting no ah my acne is amazing
at cleaning up mm-hmm you doing a great
job and then Nick spent yesterday
pressure washing something so he cleaned
off this car here for Levi which um he
hasn't tried out yet he was that cuz i
have used this toy this was a binis
walking toy we audit for her her for
Christmas I think when she was six
months old I think cuz you can sit on it
and then you like to ride on it and then
you also can walk with it Levi watch out
how it works you want to use this again
you want to come walk-in so Levi's
getting lots of practice with it I know
it's really dirty and then we just need
to clean off well this slide could use a
good power wash too and then this house
here has gotten lots of yucky grime on
it in the wintertime so I'm gonna
powerwash that I'm power wash the bike
and the tractor and all the way games
and everything so that we can use our
summer toys again because it's all nice
summer weather now so that'll be good
that's what we're up to say Levi's
driving his car he's inside it are you
driving let me see your eyes he was
driving it he was ambushed newsfeed
backward oh look I'm he's driving you bb
bb is their sale in yeah oh yeah look at
him my turbo look at he's a big one he's
really coming out is there isn't he
stick it here that's a really cool one
where'd you find it now try he's on our
water table awesome would you like out
you went out of your heart went out
let's go open the door here I'm out no
you want stay in you have some word hot
song off you gotta push it there
you go levi's diving everyone the bag
away so in the movie turbo this will eat
tomato so I have a little bit of tomato
here we're going to try giving it to our
little snail that we found oh good idea
so let's put it down on the ground and
let's see if it will take some tomato do
they really eat tomatoes well in the
movie to do right and the movie turbo
they eat tomatoes so let's see what he
does see oh he's going all right here no
I sees its music hmm hmm give me
something to eat he's turning let's see
or maybe not he's coming so slow I know
he's pissing all day for us to see what
up in there hi Kayla I turbo yes how's
the trip look good okay Zoe work it well
it will go fast let's see what he does
this is some serious youtube footage
right now Oh leave it there Avenue let's
see what he does
no no what do you see him he's eating it
oh he's like turning his head near can't
see a mouse yeah I moved by the way
suicide hey big girl in touch oh ok it's
turning its head towards it so we think
it might be eating it ok so you remember
that big brown rabbit we had in our yard
a couple videos ago and we said it was
growing and we thought it was making
like a nest or something we'll look what
Nick just found a baby funny we look so
scared who's trying to go into his nest
take a look I ok come over here and see
them all of it there's more than one
Werth Levi huh okay don't touch them
guys daddy has gloves on oh and that's
where you guys were building the shed
let's do the place to put on Thera bill
oh my goodness Oh me like a scared guys
look at the mall there's like five or
six of them all in that one little hole
there's probably more look at them
where's that little one where to go hey
don't scare it now okay look at the mall
I know they're so cute oh it's so scared
though that's okay we're over you oh my
goodness I want to keep them it is so do
i so / so scary okay you guys go back in
your little home your mommy will be over
shortly i'm sure oh oh no Nick they're
running away guys let's go faster 01
just went under the deck I want to keep
tone hey guys what's up so we finished
doing the foundation for the new shed
ever building there it is over there
looks pretty good if I do say so myself
it was a lot of work actually more than
we thought it was going to be because
like the ground was so we thought it was
pretty level there but like as it
down and like went down in an angle like
this so we had to level up the ground
like that so it took a lot of work but
it's finally done and I did this the
picture thing that you probably just saw
but if it didn't do the whole way
through to the finish of that I'm sorry
because that when I went to go get the
camera was dead so I don't know how far
the pictures wint or whatever but yeah
there's a finished project and this side
is where the shed is so we're gonna
build that another day we don't know
when yet cuz it's hard to get time when
both of us are not busy anyways now I'm
just grilling up some chicken mmm
delicious okay so we're just finishing
up the day we had a delicious outside
supper now entire I did record it oh I
recorded the chicken barbecue hahahaha
he's good evening thanks everybody for
subscribing Hickey loves you even though
she's just turned her back on you I
would never do that to me anyways don't
forget to subscribe comment and thumbs
up
you
