these were beneath here welcomes a
friend he's gonna climb on his back and
jump out he's a smart one that
so the kids wanted to catch some frogs
and their cousin Daniel who's a a pro
frog picture um decided that he come
over and help them and so they've
already caught two frogs and they're
really excited about it so yeah catch
another one oh he's got two yeah so the
kids are so excited to have their big
cousin helping them out look at that
show again have any whoa one and we got
this now i'm in a little would be on in
a little bit getting one fold out when
you're going back then they make satya
me catch ya huh and you guys are looking
for more avenues lakeside have a foggy
in here this is not gonna be too long
he's just gonna look right there and
then come back over I see no
ditch once like your mama and I don't
like it oh yeah that one's really big
right and there's a little or one in
there and this one this one is really
really green and the other ones like all
dark yeah take long and uh the thing
will caught them both with his hands
like he didn't even your net he just was
like oh my god I'm really quick with his
hands but he is very good catcher yes
but we don't be dumb it's my love drunk
cuz this one jumped out Oh like this was
a hydro because it just got right out of
the bucket yeah he's a big one whoa whoa
leave ice sitting here with the net
don't worry this net wasn't in the water
can I be really gross yeah what do you
got are you catching frogs too yeah I
love that face that he makes his 00 all
gonna hit the camera my new camera with
the pool hey you oh I don't know if I
share this before either but this bridge
right here it's bridge this is where
Nick proposed to me right in the middle
of the bridge here was in the winter
it was um it was New Year's Eve and he
pulled that the van right here in parked
and then he had like I think it was like
I will always love you by whitney he was
center or something lame like that but I
didn't care and he had it playing on the
radio or whatever and then he like
walked up here and he like on my eyes
were closed i don't know where we were
and then walking up to the bridge here
and then told me open his eyes and then
he was there in front of me on his knee
and then he proposed to me right here on
this bridge so it's really really cool
that we we live right beside the bridge
that he proposed to me and it was our
first house like I was kind of cool I
really like that so it's neat we didn't
know that at the time either so pretty
cool the Nets a little broken we taped
it but it's still broker to glue it or
something what are you doing he was
quite a handful today during Avenue some
orientation he was like climbing all
over me but he kept doing his like blah
scoffing every time I picked him up he'd
like Clio me go like this and the lady
behind was like he is so cute and I was
like yeah he's quite a handful right now
yeah but he was hard because it's like
there's not a lot of people there and
you have to try keep him quiet so Malik
I was really good just SAT quietly in
the stroller and like ate some cheerios
and
are you getting mags you can't get your
net oh and then I had to walk around
with him and stuff there but they were
fine they're really quiet there's other
kids there that were really loud and
noisy people kept looking back I was
like not mine not my kids this is kind
of nice way to get oh there's the toad
yeah Oh careful it alone jump he looks a
lot different than the froggies you're
right a lot different hello mr. toad hi
gonna go in there with the froggies be
nice now everyone get along he's forgive
me here welcomes a friend he's gonna
climb on his back and jump out he's a
smart one that way that one's a jumpy 10
min did you get some wet did you put
some water on them right you should
prolly go put some water on them how I'm
go ask Daniel I'm sure hope with some
water on number it's Daniel will come
here for me subscribe
to waffle okay you see Faolan action
catching a froggy guys watch the bridge
there okay because there's a bike coming
Oh Mike oh wait wait wait okay to have
many guys have in there now whoa look at
the size of this way my biggest whoa oh
my goodness that's the biggest yeah look
at a spot that was like that look he's
talking to me oh my goodness oh my guys
are you doing almost got out and jump
free hi nice sketch ivany good job check
it oh now you got what four one two
three four yeah four of them wow they're
getting out with the water in there now
I guess it helps them jump check it out
he's a professional Prague catcher thank
you got me so much fun they're so
excited and happy it's great I'm gonna
fry holding my mouth hey oh no you don't
want a whole way oh ha it'll ha you want
to hold this one Daniel a local fair
this one you're naming the frogs
slimy tonight Colin but Avenue Frederick
and Bilbo and Bilbo Bilbo Baggins that
is no that way my right altered pepper
Oh salt and pepper Avenue can you think
of better names than button p please ok
bro don't bagans know him on there and
butter peanut butter and Joey oh ok I
mean it's not saying letters butter and
butter butter and butter cup ok I'd
better can I see you got one in your
hand now ok are you going in there
nobody you doing it good job ok I want
it they're gonna really up I'm at
Lourdes they're gonna release the frogs
but I really want a picture so I
intended recording us Malik I couldn't
wait to put is in the water you'd like
it i get rid of it now can i fer it away
now you're not gonna drop them in like
that are you know place them in nicely
they're gonna jump off there oh man all
right ok let's see go oh look at they're
all lined up let's see what this guy is
gonna do don't push me go are they gonna
go oh Rocky Olympics
Oh God that's cool you see one now tied
oh my goodness look Levi why should I
believe I owe Nelly microwave it for a
little bit let's see how he does Levi
what what what no he's sitting on it up
oh where is it you don't like it okay
okay hey guys thanks for watching that
awesome frog catching video we were
catching frogs and done stop well at
least the kids and Vicki were anyways
we're probably doing a lot more of that
the summer thanks for watching our video
and we hope that you comment subscribe
and give us a little thumbs up action
