hey guys what's up so I just made this
awesome blueberry bread loaf and it is
very delicious it make you a jet√© my
makeup on today um oh really going let
me we're going to the store yeah gonna
go shopping my first time going out I've
been in hibernation for like two weeks
spent a lot of time simply where the
doctors but yeah hey the hospital uh-huh
I'm going to go to the store get some
groceries see what I need yeah I feel
we've mistake for so long we're probably
just getting relief now swimmy are you
gonna get your toy are you gonna cook it
away go get your toy cookie toy over
here you gonna get it come get it come
get it come on this way up there look
look look nice yeah you're up you're
trying skin up you look looks just scoot
more do it
you got your ba ba hey guys so Vicki's
got back from her Gigantor gros chapeau
it looks like a serial were shot yeah I
know cereals and a big sales you're out
usually my show anyway did you get
cookie the veena puff cookies are losing
like 4 bucks and they were on still for
a dollar 60 70 I just got a beneath the
pork right away she left this morning
what did you say he said you hope you
get one eat remember because when is a
mean what is evening excellent time as
you say i hope i get what he would come
a report card yeah she did say that
region job that is so good Avenue um
responsibility independent work
initiative organization collaboration in
self-regulation awesome good job improve
so much we so excited really proud we're
really proud mmm arts at my at my school
oh oh is it still there did you show
everybody your artwork okay they like it
yeah and you left it at school know that
i wanted to show minute Cochran but I
read it had timeless cuz she was working
and then they go meet min and Cochran
ticket so sick I can show that you are
okay well Johnson and four subjects she
got be plus a minus a minus a minus a
minus and B plus wow that's great Oh
Johnny right hey guys what's up we're
out celebrating avenues perfect report
card
good job Avenue we're really proud of
you and yes in Malachi as well you got a
really good report card Libby would not
stop pestering Vicki I got her ticket
now guys but yeah you're really good
yeah I got some french fries and it also
helped it also helps to say is II
freedom that's on Missouri's yay hey
guys so today's the AGM at our church
and I think I'm gonna go check it out
see what is going to be about and see if
I can have any constructive input so we
will go and see how those big E's gonna
stay here with kids which gonna be tough
because they're all really tired so
hopefully that goes smoothly / / yes I
just got back from the meeting in it was
not as interesting as i thought i was
going to be i was going to be a bell
like what their plans are for the future
and what things are going to be starting
up and things like that but was more
like here's what we did last year so if
you've been there for the year you know
everything they've done so it was got a
boring but yeah I wanted to go check it
out see you it was like people always
having them at churches so I thought why
not check it out but I will probably
never go to one again
