Wow
oh you guys gonna show you how he likes
to brush his teeth she's whining right
now cuz he wants his toothbrush I'm
gonna grab it laughter camera ah you
want to brush your teeth yeah yeah
Omnius put toothpaste on it gonna brush
your teeth TV sit down sit down on the
ground sit down sit down on monkey oh
there we go rescued ehhh fresh et tu
you're pressing your own tea nan show
the camera your tattoo yeah totally I
captive oh yeah check it out a cool late
scar or you go so fast he just sits
there and just brushes his teeth he just
loved it he gets really mad when I take
it away Levi has started feeding himself
his own yogurt tnx really cute it won't
mess too hey buddy just do need a spoon
in there Oh other way yes way scoop play
your mouth no wrong end of this dude
this way miss me there we go here we go
yeah scoop just Boonen okay pretty mouth
no he was doing so good before Malachi
is putting on his sunglasses and his hat
on leave
fine so funny and cute watch his eyes
but ok let's try it again here you hold
this so hail I got there I know I could
reel in the wrong way ok I'm good there
he is Levi here that's a cool dude hey
aah hey cool dude there check him out he
says no more i'ma done ok I don't know
if you saw our mothers day video but we
weren't able to do like a lot of cool
stuff for Vicky from others days but we
got a surprise yeah hey guys happy
Mother's Day happy Mother's Day I love
you love you how did you I'm the best
and now i get my gopro back i haven't
been able to use it and i need so much
cool saw seeing you guys didn't get to
see any of it because i didn't have my
camera Vicky added I know but I feel bad
taking because she does cool stuff me
usually but today I rocked the cool
stuff I went to the music store got my
guitar tuned up again so before it
wasn't working if you watch my video
yesterday's then you'll know that at
church is stopped working like the
pickups and I thought I knew what the
problem was but I wanted to take you
there to make sure they was done right
and it was a problem i thought it was so
now next I've ever happens I could just
fix it myself and I want to get an
electric guitar so I could play lead
electric guitar church and I so I
contacted this person they were going to
sell me for
70 bucks and I saw another deal and then
I saw another deal and the guy i said
i'll give you a hundred bucks word and
the guy was like oh someone else is
already gonna do it for 150 so if that
doesn't work out keep you in mind and i
said all okay well thanks feeling me
know i wanted it for the church and
stuff he was like oh you're Christian
using it for the church I'll give you
400 bucks and no problem forget the
other guy I was like what sweet so he's
gonna do that for me and he's having any
kids so he was like I would have given
it to you for free but I'm having kids
we need money for diapers and stuff so I
said we got lots of kids and lots of
kids stop do you want trade so I'm gonna
show it send him some pictures of this
kid stuff that we were trying to do sell
anyways and maybe we'll just trade it
and I'll get that for free yeah praise
Lord and I am order stuff four avenues
frozen burgers on young couple weeks and
it came like 65 selection tonight or
three or something like that and then I
just got paid from pampered chef and I
just one show on the beginning of the
month and it was 50 bucks and you
everyone remembered you're getting that
page so praise God again cuz we're both
like I was like I mean we shouldn't get
this stuff because we don't have the
extra 50 bucks and I'm not sure that we
needed to again because like I wanted so
bad because two other pieces and then so
she got it free she got it for 50 got
the 50 bucks and so she has to pay
anything for the basically for their
party stuff happened to me yeah but I'm
saying like is basically nothing
compared to what you would have kind of
thing like that so yeah like gods to
labor providing for us this week I can't
wait for testimony time in church on
this sunday cuz our testimonies are
gonna rock the casbah hey guys so it's
getting a really hot outside so we're
cleaning up all our fans cuz look yeah
cuz from last year all that dirt and
crime sorry cleaning them all off and
then we can have some nice cool fans
this kind of my job that I do every year
so we have like four or five fans so I'm
doing the easy ones first and then we
have one that's like all complicated
which we never bought it but you have to
take up all these stupid layers of it
stuff is really confusing so yeah this
is fan number two and I'm gonna get
those dead we got the kids one going
man is hot is plus 27 today that's
really off for us okay so i just
finished cleaning the Las fan here's all
my dirty nasty towel raised afterwards
gross imagine I didn't clean those are
you start using them that wasn't really
gross have blowing are outside the house
so I'm glad I did
you
