so when do you have one two three four
five six seven eight nine ten eleven my
key behind that you know the light wall
dr. my shoehorn bro oh bummer you
shouldn't hurt and he was like no okay
it was like the worst thing in the world
if you wear dress shoes you know that
it's not easy to put them on without a
few are like they're pretty tight you
know and then if you don't have one the
whole back of your shoe is ruined so
what am I supposed to do be sad I am sad
can you give me another one I don't even
know where to get them and yet she soars
you in a new market you can get him from
like dumped the dollar so anyways I am
rushing around this morning trying to
get the kids all three of them ready and
out the door because we have to walk out
at your school this morning yeah d come
you ready Alli ebony did really good
getting herself ready and helping out
that way she did brush your teeth and
watch her own face and she got her own
clothes on so she did it all pretty much
sucked her hair um Mel fix a meal
getting dressed right now so that should
Levi's ready Thank Levi he's all ready
to go he's dressed he was doing good
he's yelling for his dad are you yelling
for daddy that's your sweater cuz he'll
chilly right now hey these days where
it's at go get clothes on happy I don't
he's naked so I can't show you to him go
hurry up this likes being naked anyways
i don't remember i was gonna say oh it's
okay i hate those days where it's like
so chilly in the morning where you need
like sweater and pants but by the
afternoon you shorts and tank top so
it's like it possible know how to dress
them so right now we're just in t-shirt
and pants and then sweaters for this
morning so see how it goes Avenue is
really really excited today because it's
for track and field day right yeah
you're gonna run are you gonna jump you
do high jump no I don't even know see
how high jumper your age but I used to
love track and field day Nick and I were
reminiscing about our track and field
days and and ours are running and make
it's regionals and all that kind of
stuff and it was such good time so we're
gonna wait to hear all about it when
have me get something good today but
she's really excited it's so funny so
I'm in the bathroom with malachi and all
of a sudden i come into the kitchen and
you can't leave things on the edge of
the table anymore because we've i can
reach them well he climbed up onto the
chair and grabbed Malachi's bear paw and
is now sitting here very happily eat it
wait crumbs all over like it II grabbed
it you knocked it right down and now
he's just munching away and eating it
did you get that bear up off the table
did you get the bear paw off the table I
decided to grab my my bowl and then my
drink that woulda been a big mess I'm
pretty sure Nick washed the floor last
night cuz I was like please watch the
plural I'm out because there is spilt
crazy spilt milk and it's very sticky I
mean obviously i waked up like came
child cloth but it's just nice job nice
clean for especially a brain bear sees a
lot now zimmer whether it was just funny
good because free shuttle table grab it
so you can't leave anything out now
there is a really gross looking spider
on the trampoline right now leave I was
just playing with it earlier too so
gross but he's not scared of it look at
it so grossly looks like a grandpa
spider it's like old Sol de Grey damn
you you get off our trampoline he's just
crawling around not knowing what's going
on hey yo hey camera we might use of
yogurt on your face no no good on your
face Levi just like climbing up on me
all the time
don't work too all the time I'm up on me
I'm trying to get the camera okay ready
kids are gonna play ring-around-the-rosy
okay ready yeah let's do it we go if it
real this Dan okay we like that almost
got hurt oh okay cinda my you wanna
do it again mal pero no okay well that
didn't work the first looking at the
first time we all fall down you know all
the words perfectly carefully almost
dawn brio haha watch this hard kick whoa
that is a hard kick so we're little sick
we need because Avenue didn't have track
and field today she just had to watch
the big kids do it so we're like why did
they even let us know and a notice that
its track and field day tomorrow if they
weren't participating made no sense to
me so we're all a little bit like oh
he'll disappointed but she said it was
still fun day in they were outside most
of the day and she said she's got a
popsicle so she's a little fun day but
disappointing yeah hey guys what's
happening uh it's getting late and
mommy's outside would leave I just
having a cuddle before bed I got the
warm under quilt underneath them and the
man that thing is nice and toasty now
that I like that blanket on her watching
some shows on our tablet I'm kind of
jealous it looks really comfortable
Levi's can be falling asleep in no time
inside there for sure yeah so I'm just
booking some campsites
is right keep sets so because we're
going to camp being a bunch what a bunch
of yes now I can't be a couple of times
this summer so I'm online just booking
up the site because we started booking
late and I've already missed out on my
favorite site every day of the each
month in the summer so the favorite site
i like to go to every year I book late
this year so I missed it so I have to go
to our backup site but it's kind of
secret site nobody knows about it
because you get to go in this once by
then you climb through the bushes and
you're in the playground area so it's a
good spot so i'll show you that later
this summer once we go there but yeah
booking that up right now so if you like
going camping to write in your comments
where do you like to go camping what's
your spot where do you like to take your
family what things do you do when you go
camping all those kind of fun stuff let
us know so we can get some ideas maybe
for this year or next year if other
places we can go okay so Vicki's
cleaning out the bedroom closet and you
know when you tell your wife like hey
you can't get another purse you already
have enough she was like no you don't
understand i don't i need this one is
good I have one friend even Vicki's one
of those women that does not need
another purse so when do you have one
two three four five six seven eight nine
ten eleven hi keep in mind that I 12
join do you have one two three four five
six seven eight nine ten eleven hi keep
in mind that the other like 12 for like
this summer and the dark ones are for
like the winter you know like this is
winter and then like this is like a
little small one when I just I go out
you know the big ones are more like for
like a diaper bag / / so they all have
their function uses and I didn't pay for
all the My there a lot of these we're
just given to me because people know why
that person okay well next time I get a
new camping thing and you're like Nick
you have way too many campy thinks I'm
gonna pull your purses out okay this one
was given to me this one was given to me
this one was given to me doesn't matter
they're giving to you doesn't mean you
get to keep that you should have around
earlier i use all of them okay then take
them all out one day when you go
shopping what I'm gonna get my purses Oh
my wife
you
