did that you
so our honey daycare kids today so we
decided to make use of the day and we're
going to go through the big summer
bucket and try to see if any clothes fit
from last year and I did buy some new
clothes too to see how they fit and how
i did on sizes and stuff but it's a big
job it has to get done because warmer
weather is coming so Malachi's excited
cuz he already found some flip-flops
that he really likes who's on the flip
flops fun j yeah digging neverland
pirates so as you can see it with my big
bucket to go through those hats and
shoes and everything in there so he big
job let's go get done hey okay he's
excited so Malik I just tried on his
first pair of shorts and he likes some
uh I got funky got cockies look at them
they are sharks on them and they're all
like plaid and stuff and they fit him so
good you like that yeah he's like we can
get rid of my other short so i'll just
keep these that's like getting more than
one pair of shorts silly funny we're
gonna try on more see what other ones
you like you want to keep yeah what's
going on with you today Oh climbin ami
climbin i just changed levi into a
summer outfits it's really hot outside
so i put in little shoes little sandals
nothing happy about this year's he
really doesn't like the shoes you don't
want the shoes on your feet do you you
aren't I walking in them let's try
walking in them what a hat like your
brother hot like your brother look at
that he got hot on like melody ok let's
try walking let's eat grandma just came
over and she brought matching raincoats
for Malachi and Levi and they're both
very excited to have them get that we
might you like your new coat Levi do
like your new coat it was crying earlier
now he's not so that must be a good
thing now how you like your coat Oh what
is hold on you like it is it raining
it's a baby ah very nice everything that
gas too hot to wear them today like
really setting out it's like 20
something outside it is so hot outside
today we decided that we come home and
we cool down by opening up the demo free
so we bought a red one Malachi's
munching away on his orange when hey
good oh it's cool you sitting with your
hands they're gonna be all slimy it's
not being the juice office it hmm neva
you gonna have it frizzy to you can have
a frizzy you guys share with mommy
subscribe to my blog so we think we've I
my beginning as molars because he's got
like a booger he knows in his guy of
cranky attitude great mommy me all day
why so unique he's gains molars boomers
are clear clear buggers senior oh just
wanna sell today so hopefully he doesn't
last long and he'll be better soon back
to his good old chipper self hey guys
what's up so I'm just gonna go out here
and check my ah vegetables see how
they're doing I'm here alright is
looking pretty good nice flowers looking
good pretty dry almost time for another
water in I'm nervous it not everything
is getting the same I sound like because
this is not dry but that other one is
really dry oh you guys are all fogged up
there is that any better it's really hot
here so it gets foggy yeah nervous that
not everything skiing is the amount of
water sunlight because some of the dirt
is really dry some of it is really wet
still so that means that some of us
getting a lot of full Sun some of his
getting no Sun or just stepped in the
biggest cobweb
Rose like this this guy here soaking wet
still so those two in the back corner
these guys have Tom they seem pretty
good ok I'm gonna bring the hose in here
water some of this stuff down I think
look at this gross big spider web she's
gonna have like the fattest spider so
full flies right in that letter you
think so I dare you to touch it dude
that's it hey youtubers thanks for
watching and thanks for subscribing
thumbs up and leaving some comments
below so we can communicate with you and
I hope that you enjoyed that video and
if you want to watch another one check
out the new kids line cool mist
humidifier clip this plane above hey
Levi also come bed anyways thanks for
watching talk to later
