so we got a delivery so Malka open it up
right now
Malachi's what do you think it is
are you being with the gardening pot
yeah you figured to gardening pot what
he was just like lifting them up and he
was like ah
inside of them that was really cute but
of course I have the GoPro camera right
now on my hand
so he wants it when I did it with my
camera he never cared and I could always
catch him doing things because he didn't
care about my paint camera but for some
reason he just loves a camera mommy feed
oh let me see mommy have it thank you
well the reason why I have the GoPro
today is my camera broke it's completely
broken
I'm so sad my nice pink camera cuz as
soon as you turn it on it does this oh
my goodness it says no memory card it
just turned on okay I guess your paint
memory card in it and see what happens
coz before and I hit that button it said
lens error and the lens would go in and
out in and out and it wasn't working and
that's why I Nick left me the GoPro to
do some vlogging today umm so yeah it's
really weird I'll have to try that out
again just get a memory card here I just
put a memory card in my camera and let's
see if it works now
oh my goodness my camera I just like fix
itself completely
amiracle that is so cool before was
completely busted it was broken we were
like looking to get new camera and we're
like we're like oh no no you just spend
money new new camera
because how am I supposed to vlog
without a camera and now it's just
totally works
I'm so excited Hey
we are outside it's it's a beautiful day
so we're just gonna play outside for a
little bit before lunch and then I've
got a little girl coming over for me to
watch so yeah that's what we're doin
right now I'll just show you what we're
all up to Levis on the trampoline with
mommy are you in the timpani with me and
malkos plays a basketball Wow their new
basketball net which is so awesome
really cool to have you gonna get it in
oh the clothes you got this huge big
bruise right here on his forehead
because he was climbing up on the
Ottoman and he fell and when he fell he
he went smoke and he hit his head right
off of it and actually after a pretty
big marks I don't if you can see it you
see it on his head right there cuz mommy
don't show them my bruised v my battle
wound
now hold on anything Huckabee he's
practicing standing on his own I think
he likes falling down on the trampoline
don't you just love long weekends we had
such a great weekend with the kids it
was awesome and actually felt like
summer time it was beautiful weather we
were like outside a lot of the day
yesterday but it was nice so nice you
surprised the kids night raids on us for
supper and then we went to the park
afterwards that was a lot of fun cuz
they've been in the park and so long
because it hasn't been the weather for
the park and we don't really live in
walking distance to a park there's one
Avenue school but it's luge you got so
many big kids on it from the school so
it's not really a good park to go to but
the ones that are good for like the kids
and have like whole bunch of things for
them to do like swings and everything
our driving distance
we don't get to go very often so that
was a really nice treat for the kids and
yeah it's just really hard to get back
into the swing of things after D how
such an awesome long weekend like that I
know like Nick's like God I go to work
and he's like oh I got it was cool and
I'm like oh like you just stay home with
my kids but I also like have to work too
and I work on my pampered chef and
bookie shows and then I got to work on
keeping the house clean and tidy and
work on my grocery this and think about
what I'm gonna do for supper throughout
the week and make my my recipe list so I
get everything I need and then of course
I do daycares so I gotta look after
other kids thankfully I get the whole
mornings myself though which has been
really great
Malachi's helping me change the
batteries in the toys so that we can get
them to work again and play with them
here he is my little handyman mm-hmm
you loosening the screw is it come in
you getting it good job
just get it out all the way see oh it's
almost there okay well are you going
right way yep keep turning it so we
switched the batteries we only had three
C batteries in a need of four but we
just left one of the old ones in there
and tried it and it worked
yeah so Malachi's just tightening up the
screws now putting the lid back on he's
tightening it up it's going right now
right yep go on the right bank good job
is it getting harder to turn uh it's
getting hurt okay
so do the next one this one you get it
in there hey make sure it's in first
there okay now turn it good you know
look at harder and harder and harder and
then you know it's in yeah good job do
do turn to get harder yep that's it done
ain't that good okay let's show everyone
how it works now it's our cool racer
okay turn it on turn it on first here
okay what do you think it is yeah what
do you think it is what do you think's
inside the box
what what's your guess write paper
what do we have that broken and it goes
and it's broken
I am the monkey the monkey humidifier
remember it's broken
yeah yeah so maybe this is a new one
yeah do you think it is okay well we got
open it and see oh I hope that's what it
is we have this deliver like a month ago
- I really what bit just a second umm a
month ago and they were charging us like
$30 uhm custom feet so we actually
refused it you contacted the company and
stuff and emailed them and just said
like yours I got that where you want
under warranty we shouldn't have to pay
any money for it and so now it's been a
month later and that was finally again
and we're so excited because we need him
in a fire in here really dry it's a
dolphin right yeah it's a wheel a wheel
one that's perfect
yeah we like wheels look it looks like
water on the top like it's jumping out
of the water cool check it out kids line
whale minify our cool mist humidifier
that's awesome yeah yeah it's ours to
keep yeah yeah should we check it out
yeah take a look at it oh my goodness
he's so strong oh well you got it okay
put it down let's show everybody
there you go check it out
so good my I showed you the French side
let's look at the English side there we
go
this is not a toy it's just a man fire
yeah this is so cool though I can't open
ultrasonic humidifier I'm excited
okay now if I wants to try it out so we
plugged it in and fill it up with water
he's gonna turn it on okay see what
happens okay it's on but look at the top
yeah look at that
uh-oh you can see it on the camera there
it is some mist comes out from like the
bottom part and then at these two holes
on the top you can feel it up there oh
that's nice make that one yeah still
sleeping
Levi's awake you're doing puzzles Levi
was napping we are on our way walking to
get Avenue from school
Levi insisted on carrying his sister's
umbrella even though it's pink Endora
you really likes holding it he's gonna
hold it the whole time and then you can
tell what it's raining whenever I go to
get Avenue always soon as I get the
rainy day it works out that way every
time but it's just spitting right now so
I did bring the rain cover but I'm not
gonna put it on until it rains really
hard thanks gang overly today and I
didn't tell the kids so here coming in
the door huh huh I point out the window
what am i bleeding it yes the tree house
we're gonna have a tree goes hmm what am
i doing
no hi yes what do you think I'm doing oh
no my as I said
don't high your baby brother yeah
did you hear something did you hear
something what are you here
Danna why Akane are so fast because I
happy to see you surprised okay so Vicky
and me clubhouse and we just sit for
supper and it's kind of build your own
sandwich and here's what my sandwich
looks like triple-decker you don't have
to meet what do you think of my sandwich
hey gang if any of my mouth okay
Oh Malachi look his his big mouth whoa
oh oh and a Veneto that's really I mean
you probably could bite you that that's
really good he goes Donny
oh did he get a bun he did
check it out let's meet on it oh oh oh I
know you can do it
that's good look at Levi is this my like
oh hi dad
high-five you did good job dad can I get
a 90-mile dad high five hey YouTube
thanks for watching this video we really
appreciate your support
anyways sorry about the last few minutes
vo Biggie's finger was great in the
camera shop but that's okay because he's
beautiful so she can make mistakes like
that anyways one of watch some more
videos check out this one that's playing
in the clip I'm he's just starting to
learn how to make some loom bracelets
which are super cool they're Dipti
actually once you start making them you
like I just wanted to get out of line so
yeah check it out if you're interested
in that kind of stuff and thanks for
watching we hope that you subscribe
thumbs up and leave some comments
