loser kid o.o loom bracelet that's the
name shoot me wear for daddy I got work
work and I got a ring oh yeah
look who's in our yard little bunny
Vicki thought that that rabbit was
trying to burrow into our backyard the
other day and here it is busted that's
actually really nice looking a little
rabbit so over here probably smells my
awesome yes she was doing the same one
that was brewing what is it well it's
true are you gonna have cute little baby
bunnies in our yard they're all gonna
try need my vegetables actually I saw
him behind the green house the other day
are you really yeah yeah I did we're
gonna have to get rid of him guys it's a
big rabbit yeah he's really big and he's
kidding so cute isn't he he has like a
little tiny things with flake while my
god it was cute but he's gonna yell my
vegetables we cute Nick look good yeah
he's so cute oh I'm gonna try and get me
carrot yeah okay I try and go outside
and give the rabbit a piece of celery
for those carrying it is hope he's off
throw it to celery and we'll leave it
see what happens see if it goes for
God's ears for the kids I turn it over
right and we're gonna see if it goes eat
it dddd dddd dddd DDT is eating it was
it doing here anyway when he saw me come
inside yeah well we'll leave it there
and see if it goes to eat it or not are
you guys ya know cuz it could bite cuz
it's a wild rabbit how do you know
because it's not a house rabbit it's a
wild rabbit well I rabbits do to seem
kind of stuff but they just don't know
people don't know spear saver on oh
okays holiday monday hey guys how's it
going victoria day long weekend we're
just going off to the dollar store me
and Ivy in Malachi cuz I don't have to
go to work and abney doesn't have to go
school or have me
I'd like to go for summer yep mihai is
already starting summer time he says is
it bugs in here you're right we live by
the lake so you get all kinds of water
bugs and stuff like that water flies and
all kind of stuff so yeah they're in the
car anyway so we're going to the dollar
store we got that basketball net that
you saw from yesterday's video if yours
he ain't go check it out and so we're
going to go by the actual net for the
basketball rim I guess so we're gonna go
to the dollar short you have one there
and the kids both brought some money
from their piggy banks and they're gonna
get some stuff yeah obviously Happy's
getting a special treat Malakai wants to
get a car he's getting a car ooh I'm
just gonna pick our candy it's gonna be
fun I both have three dollars to spend
so I've been pretty cool and I'm gonna
get some jars for my team I loose leaf
tea to put them in so they're not just
in the bags you're gonna get four cars
oh man I don't know if you have enough
money for that I will see depends what
candies again some of them are a dollar
some of them are two dollars so you have
to wait and see cool eh ok the kids are
going to show you everything they got
from the store oh yeah I bought that for
them is that cool show show on the
camera Levi look we got this for you
care for you that's it baby there's this
cool cup you can turn it and it's like a
puzzle pretty sweet yeah my I want
to any lollipops Oh long past about
human yeah here's my mom and then I got
some planters some jars have put my
loose leaf tea in and a bunch chocolate
bars for Ricky oh yeah they dollar store
okay so I've been doing a lot of
gardening and I'm going to the store to
get some topsoil and then I think I wish
you got to play a couple of things I
gonna be done because I'm moved my bones
are aching my arms are aching my back
taken so many weeds had to dig up
so yeah just nothing okay so i got my
top soil and i'm going to go home put it
on top kind of mix it in with a little
bit of a newer and then we'll see what
happens next probably go get my uncle
and be like hey min really cash in your
neck I wish I planned me or whatever
right okays when it comes to flower
gardening I am by no means an expert I
don't even know what different flowers
names are so we'll see what happens I'm
gonna go load that step up and I'll show
you guys it looks like okay so here's
the finished project of the GAR game
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo feeding looks a lot
better I think than they did before let
me know what you think in the comments
do you have a garden what kind of stuff
to your plan hello YouTube so yeah let
me know what you think in the comments
and if you have a garden let me know
what your planting too thanks there is a
huge spider in the car we just on our
way to go to McDonald's and now there's
this giant spider malgo like jumped out
at me look at it why don't you can see
it hang on let me show them look if I
think it's a recorded a big giant spider
Oh daddy to the rescue yo don't forget
your own in the camera yeah Oh seriously
going as long as it's under cars okay I
always tell the kids oh thank you I
always tell the kids is the spiders
outside leave them alone cuz that's
where they live and they eat the
mosquitoes so why not leave them alone
but when they're in my area like in my
car my house then it's fair game and
they can die look at all the bracelets
happening me today looms like it 00 loom
bracelet that's the name schmira for
daddy I got work and I got a ring oh
yeah now we're gonna go to
we're special surprise for them for the
long weekend yeah even Levi's excited
we're gonna go did I turn around I'll be
hidden in a spider web right now oh my
gosh you yeah I see yeah I think it's so
great oh oh yeah just spider with all
gross not me standing in line up to
trader toy for something else because
she's such a big girl standing there all
by herself
she's so cute turning around looking at
as I wonder if they're gonna have any
other choice she'd be a bust she's
growing up she traded a headband okay
cool she got something definite she's
getting so big you did it yeah yeah I'm
really proud of you go proud of you
thanks a lot of courage to go up there
by yourself is relieved I guys now
engage good job so kohala consigned now
all her other kids could sign so it's
neat that he's doing it it's a little
late though he's gonna be like talking
in like a week so Harry in your mouth
isn't here this was good trust me I just
tried it
that was funny okay we're gonna put Levi
on the swing for the very first time
let's see what it's like he's already
having fun I didn't have to push him
okay ready leave i denti haha Vicki I'm
gonna go you want to see ready ready
here he goes don't like it your mouth I
like the things
how many passes lost summer pumping her
legs by ourselves she remembers that's
in Albany very good remember to lean
your back lean back forward lean your
back for a good job she remembered I
don't think Levi likes it too much I
pushed him too hard Oh daddy
you
why
you are what I like
whoa nice I don't go down there hey
close call elmas jump down the rock
climbing wall hey guys how's it going
thanks for watching this video and if
you're interested in watching some more
of our videos click on the link is
playing right now Vicki's trying to
shoot some hoops in chief fails epicly
see that's pretty funny we just got that
new basketball net from a friend and
it's really amazing the kids really love
it anyways thanks for watching and we
hope that you subscribe comment and
thumbs up
