okay i'm going to try one hand while
holding the camera except i'm going to
switch like the camera to my left hand
so I can actually is my right hand to
shoot the ball with
so we just finished our church picnic
thingy barbecue it was really yummy mm
you have fun yeah it looks like a good
muffin legislate free but bonus go
you're in the vlog yeah tai-shu
everything oh oh you're trying to give
me some kids book sorry def stealing
that's me the whole world's gonna see
this well you have to see you got
yourself sorry it's already recorded man
you can't take it back no no deleting on
this camera okay so I'm gonna super
bounce the camera super bounce and do it
around average what other ways can you
run what else pops hatch hopscotch
skipping jumping jumping ok this is a
lil a jumping yeah oh good wine so
because making all kinds of treats for
I brownies and cookies and fam BAM oh
yes she's not really making them to time
he's poured some things from a box into
some trays and cook them yeah we're
having took up Aneesa Vicki's making how
much stuff but I have the worst headache
earlier i had a ticket nappin and vicki
was cleaning and i'm still pretty tired
but they're coming over later and we're
gonna have some fun to play some games
do some stuff so the kids just got given
a new basketball net set up thing so
they're really excited about it so we're
outside on the deck outside right now at
eight o'clock right and they're playing
with it goes Avenue oh boo goes okay
stop me sir oh hey Levi's watching with
Daddy thank you all for the best one
there you love me grab me how Abby's one
of the basketball net there so long so
long which is like I wanted a school
that I'm so excited so exciting we saw
this would come see the bashful that's
here we're like running outside they
wanted to play with it right away whoa
oh i was so close Malachi right there
thank you same here he goes it's a
little bit high for Malachi yeah but if
we look weak and lower we can lower this
one is adjustable for the height so we
can lower it from Malachi and then raise
it up again for a venir okay from their
loss be fine oh yeah from child I was
cool you guys want me to lower for a bit
you want I you Lord for you Malachi
now you try it's so nice being blessed
with things oh alright let's see Malachi
oh come on you could do it okay yeah
yeah good job Malachi yes we're gonna
get got wet sweaty are you hey what are
you doing okay ready we're gonna see you
throw it in you got it to go to is Kevin
bull is ready push the ball can mommy
try from here with the one-handed
superstar NBA Cuban hey mommy have a try
I want to try one hand with the camera
in my hand okay i'm gonna try one hand
while holding the camera except i'm
going to switch like the camera to my
left hand so I can actually is my right
hand to shoot the ball with and Nick
just raised it up really high too yeah
really high I mean thank you he's crazy
okay girl are you old agera no cuz I'm
just to do one handed the camera
