hey guys just got back from the vertical
growing session it was amazing way
better than I thought I was going to be
and I got some free be some baby
butternut squash and some baby pumpkins
and the concern would leave I wanted to
do he wanted to walk out by himself he
let go of my hands and started walking
along the side of the bridge good job
Levi good job buddy he tends to do this
when I'm walking with him to and he'll
walk sideways like this okay guy hold on
to me now cuz now goes down here how
many found a ladybug so she's trying to
get it cuz she loves Nene bugs happy
loves any kind of creature oh there it
goes flying away hello you can catch it
a fancy I don't know it I'll see it
anymore Oh elbows on your finger for a
little bit I'm knee is there any kind of
bug that you don't like know you like a
lot of bugs what's your favorite animal
reptile this is snake your favorite my
family Todd or your favorite animals a
tiger oh yeah what is it what is it are
you thinking about it you got lots of
favorites an alligator they're your
favorite would you want a pet alligator
no
you're an animal girl we think Abby's
gonna do like a zookeeper or something
with animals when she's older but we'll
see you don't know what guys planned for
her but good things Malachi's on his
buddy oh that's a havanese buddy they
each have their own buddy see the rocks
they call them there buddy yeah sure
buddy when I did daycare I had these two
kids every some lake in the summer time
they would each have their own buddy
there's one two three four there's two
more over there as extras when I have
extra kids but yep they're buddies I
don't even remember how we got the name
buddy for them I i think it was malachi
he was like my buddy and we were like
what and then he ran to the rock so I
think that's probably got the name but I
don't really remember yes Japanese
pushing your brothers in the wagon haha
Oh close the door and just little fly
it's just I really okay
subscribe to our blog hey guys wazzup so
I just took a bunch of Vicky's close to
this store called Plato's Closet and you
basically bring closer and like they
bite off of you and then resell like a
thrift store and they only accept like
good Brandis of clothes and stuff so I
took a giant bag of clothes and stuff
that we were just going to give away and
because we'll take it there so you can
get some money for us so we did but they
gave has like three dot three dollars
per one thing and the rest of it they're
like it's to ward so we wearing clothes
wear them out we don't buy things that
were a couple of days but anyways so I
got the three bucks for that and that's
good and I got some new tees to try I
got a bunch of teas that I'm going to
try and make iced tea with so it's good
pretty cool i'm pretty excited they
smell really good bye aside from that I
had a freaky day at work everything went
by pretty good now i'm on my way home
and tonight I get to go to my seminar
for vertical growing which vicki was
making fun of me for
but it's going to be cool I'm excited
and there's another girl from my work
going to it too so we're going to beat
up there and then go watch the how to
grow plants some perfectly successfully
so I usually grow my cucumbers
vertically obviously you grow your
Tomatoes weird and clean I grow beans
vertically so I know a little bit of
stuff i think but i'm sure they're going
to give us some really good tips on how
to improve what I already do which is
going to be good because I'm hoping like
you've seen in my other videos I'm going
to have a great garden this here so
we'll see what happens hey guys what's
up so I'm just off to the vertical
growing seminar for planting vegetables
and stuff so it's gonna be good I think
it's gonna be good but I've never been
to one of these things before and it's
put on by the town so if the talents
putting it on is going to be expensive
because that's the way government spend
their money and uh I'm hoping that is
getting it really great and one of my
friends are works going to be there too
so I'll know somebody so won't be just
like saying that myself or something so
I'm looking forward to a started pouring
rain so that sucks but it's elise's
indoors and I'm kind of hopefully we
feel like a little sample bag of
something
obviously right like some seeds or like
now he's like give us like a plant
that's already started I be cool I
really like that anyways almost there
pretty cool so home and I will let you
know how it goes hey guys just got back
from the vertical growing session it was
amazing way better than I thought I was
going to be and I got some freebies some
baby butternut squash and some baby
pumpkins so they're from this place
called Renee's garden so the guy that
was there speaking was so good I got his
name hear his name was Ken Brown and he
have to check out his website is wwan
calm here it is here cochin test enjoyed
calm this guy was amazing he seriously
new like every single answer to a
question you could have people are
asking questions just like low manager
como manager como man sir it was really
good and he was funny really easy to
listen to a great public speaker bestest
garden anything i've ever been to for
sure and the time just flew by Janice
was my friend from work we were watching
listening to it and then when it was
over well like holy crap is right 30
that like flew by so it was a great
public speaker and he had like all kinds
of pictures and photos to show us of his
garden at the same time so it was really
cool really enjoyed it can't wait to go
to another one if he has another one in
town i'm definitely going hey guys
thanks for watching our video and check
out this one is playing in the clip
right now vodka is finally learned how
to sing his ABCs and he's getting really
into it too if you're doing a vegetable
garden or any type of garden this year
I'd love to know what you're doing so
put a post in the comments let me know
what you're growing and maybe what
climate zone you're into we can share
tips and secrets on the things that were
growing so we can all grow awesome
gardens together yay anyways thanks for
watching I hope you subscribe thumbs up
and comment on this video
