hey guys what's up so today's the first
day I have had sinus relief and it feels
great so I made an awesome stack for the
kids these are our peanut butter banana
wraps you guys hungry yes what some food
here we go eat whatever you want here
it's Rachel I see Levi so picky just
eating is good stuff there hey Abby's
gonna try and throw up orange catch our
mouths damn great oh I gotta ask me fro
it is he again oh we got it in your
eyeball oh hey Mark I see you I don't oh
nice my head every time oh what oh good
while Levi what yeah it's hard to have
me oh you get it yes I got a camera oh
right this how you know you made a good
lunch when it's completely gone by the
end of it did you guys like it yeah yeah
Soltani kike yeah private sauna no you
cannot put salt on the Apple thanks what
a guy nippy are you gonna get up on all
fours hey
yeah no one can you get up on all fours
let's see lippy like it come on you were
just do oh there you go oh she's coffee
ball yep oh it's whiskey to her is you
get it out or did you swallow it ok the
kids have been busy on this family day
plane this is a big open sign on the
door all these little pictures so if you
have a store going on oh I can come in
all right what are we got going on in
here me my name Vicky and my address we
may address for I'm allowed in now I got
a reservation here all right oh is this
how I get it you got a deck I had to
duck to get it I can't just walk through
hey all right whoa it's a lot of money
nate I'm a pilot you want ok uh what do
you have I don't know what there is here
at the store that Highnesses any kind of
food so I can have like a big three
tiered chocolate cake with chocolate
chips and oreos we don't have real then
you don't have all the food ah do you
have a hamburger yeah we don't have to
talk goodness what kind of stories is oh
ok how about salad salad maybe salad
yeah
good news wait where's the bowl oh wow
so you need to put the signature doubt
it that's haunting Ted ten what toys
10-point ten coins you'll give you
something I have ten coins you can count
to 25 cents if I advise many my eyes are
quite alright as good as five point
you'd ok so there's cute when t five
cents so is that 10 coins in your
opinion ok but Zach I get money back oh
I like this place ok where's my food
that's my that's my salad I'll get it
you're gonna get my salad ready ok Wyatt
Bert no I don't want to burn ok would
you like Karen yes please like carrot in
my salad I don't wanna cook I'll
carriage Wow gonna is cake sure why not
try to pay for those no no alright I'm
coming back here I'll have to pay for
dessert would you like some cheese and
bread in it Oh some cheese and a side of
bread but you have to pay for a popcorn
I don't want popcorn then huh i pay for
it the only classes blood just one queen
well brian i guess cuz you gave me money
back well that's weird thank you hmm
hopping different yeah oh they're like a
yummy salad Mikey drink oh sure what do
you have to drink
Gavin Roger yeah anything anything ok I
want a chocolate milkshake thank you
imagination hmm yummy wow what great
service thank you so much what's the
name of your store no idea okay I make
sure i'll come back to no idea again
why'd you like that pic a picture what I
like a picture goodbye it oh you sell
pitchers here too oh sure how much you
Jovetic so much how much is your picture
what are you could be too if you want
well I think your picture is worth this
Benny okay all the coins i have because
it's such a good picture hey can you get
more points back okay all right all
right I gotta go guys I gotta go get my
baby okay but thank you so much that was
a lot of fun oh we all had any more
customers I'll go I'll go get you some
customers all
