and so this is what I do for my kids
because I love him so much I carry a big
heavy bag and a big hit he baby and I
walk coming and how can he help by
carrying my big heavy first but I didn't
you
happy Mother's Day I just want to say
happy mother's day to my mom love you
mom have a great mother's day my mom and
my god are kind of like ministers and
pastors that there's one church so
they're gonna be really busy today but I
tried to call you a straight A from out
of state but nobody was there so I
called that the voicemails had a text
message and maybe I'll try calling again
today but happen about this day mom and
happy about the state to Vicki she's the
best like I said before him in
yesterday's video or probably gonna try
do something another day because this
weekend we're so busy Oh Lucy maybe next
week NBC special about this date thingy
so today we're really busy um i have to
i'm playing on the worship team so i'm
going to be at church for most of the
day today and then in between services
i'm going to be going to over lunch with
my grandma in my aunt's and stuff like
that my uncles so that'll be pretty fun
and then so yeah i'll have service lunch
service and then everybody will be home
get ready for bed stuff and there's
somewhere in between that I'm going to
find time to blog and post it and I edit
a yesterday's vlog but I'm going to try
and post when I get home from church
later so sorry i forgot to post it or
not yesterday's about Friday's vlog i
know i'm behind so yeah I have to post
that too so you're probably already seen
it and this once this video's supposed
to but so disregard that the kids have a
special thing they made for mommy and I
want to give it to her kids go again
the members cats wonderful thank you are
you home are you happy like her mother
yeah thank you guys where's our party
boy oh he doesn't love you as much as
everybody else he's trying to give you a
plunger yeah so we're walking home from
church cuz we drove there and I totally
forgot to put the stroller Malachi stop
stay right there I forgot to put the
stroller in the car so I'm walking with
the big diaper bag omni's carrying the
purse for me Mac I stop Malachi keeps
walking ahead and it's not safe push the
button ok okays gonna push the button
for us hey mom 47 note that one right
there yeah push it hey that's good so
and i'm stuck carrying levi and the big
heavy diaper bag on the side here and i
thought afterwards I was like oh why
didn't I just put the bag in the purse
in the van and I wanna make more sense
that carry me yeah she's carrying my
purse for me but I should just put them
in the van and then just walked with the
kids so that we've been ok carrying Levi
but now i got like heavy bags on me
silly me so this morning and he really
wanted to walk to church from Alec I
really wanted to drive to church so we
decided that we would take the van
they're leave the van and Nick were dark
back after worship practice and we walk
home so that's what happened with our
predicament today so I i will i said i
have any i forgot to stroll
these bags and I totally forgot that we
were walking back because it can be a
drive and she start getting really upset
and so this is what I do for my kids
because I love him so much I carry big
heavy bag and a big heavy baby and I
walk coming mom and how many helped by
carrying my big heavy first but I didn't
cuz of you right i love you i love you i
love you hey what's up guys so oh
there's a BP my car so today I worship I
played so vigorously that I got a
blister on my finger and I play bass
alike that's the finger I play like the
strings with so hurts pretty bad so I
have to play with a pic so we had to
worship practice for the evening service
and I was playing with the big I've
never played bass with a big before
people do it but I I just don't I don't
like the sound of it so it was really
weird for me to play when using
pick but so tonight I'm gonna be picking
it picking the base but right now i'm
going home gonna do some a little bit of
Mother's Day celebration but it's so
stinking nice outside right now like I
feel like I could just be outside all
day but I can't have to go do stuff so
that kind of sucks but I what are you
gonna do see you later so I'm using
Vicki's pampered chef garden tools that
she got free and whenever we talked
about pampered chef stuff on our channel
if you ever want to check it out there's
a link below all the time you can check
out Vicki's pampered chef channel or
website and you can buy anything from
that website if you're like whoa wish I
had that sweet tool hi so check it out
there's a link below it's like
facebook.com slash something or other
anyways down below is what facebook page
hey check it out and let us know what
you think of me what do you have rags
you got a lot of worms oh D League worms
yeah you like varnish yeah I was
tickling it yes uh-huh no one wants to
be in the camera that big one okay so
we're just digging in the dirt here to
play some stuff and you wanna check out
my garden stuff click this link right
here we have a playlist for gardening
stuff but yeah we're just using
gardening and then avenues for kidding
all these worms are the dirt she loves
worms now you got some dirt there what's
up YouTube we're going to lunch now
switch na
it's pretty good we all like swiss
chalet i think that's one place where
everybody's happy and then we're going
to do some shopping i gotta return my
teapot that i just bought that you saw
in the video because there was a small
little tiny embark on it and I'm like I
don't want to spend this money and I
have one that has a little mark so I was
trying to exchange it but the problem is
it came with a pack of tea and I hope we
didn't use the T back so I'm hoping
those swaps a tea powder we'll see but
yeah hope they would try that Vicki's
got like a bunch of what are you doing
clothing returns only you have shorts
that you'd be like so clothing returns I
only got one pair of shorts at its more
short so we have to go back and exchange
or return them because you need you sure
that yeah it is not necessarily they did
like them is that I'm too fat for the
ones you buy
actually finally get to go to costco
I've made a costco for a long time
because Vicki is the only one with the
membership yeah they have Calvin white
shorts are like 20 bucks there
and I just like walk around a even
if I don't buy anything I like just now
oh I didn't read my wallet
early it doesn't matter for my return I
know but I usually my mom didn't
exchange it matter push okay see you
later okay we're at the restaurant we're
gonna give Levi lemme good bud no you're
too smart you're like nice trying to
trick me here you want to buy it Levi
you want a bite
that's um you are me got me how to slay
me oh come on man giant he doesn't want
easy smart fries walkin yes indeed look
at you go he's loving it lean forward a
lot hey my ego whoa is he boys leave our
forward to oh he sounds so big yeah yeah
so we just finished on lunch at chalet
it was really good so naked a venir
inside the store exchanging Nick's
teapot thingy and we're inside I'm
inside with the boys and we're just
waiting we waited so long how about we
malachi waiting a long time yeah yes you
got a bubble leave i fell asleep we
start falling asleep Malachi we were
waiting a long time have we we've been
waiting a long time he's distracted
he's all distracted blowing bubbles with
his mouth right now but he was just
complaining a minute ago about taking so
long what I don't know what they're
doing they should be done soon hopefully
I'm sitting here in the Sun like the Sun
is right on me and I'm sweating boiling
so hardcore right now it's like 20
something outside and it's really really
hot I know I shouldn't be complaining
because it is a gorgeous day but when
you're stuck in a hot car without much
of a breeze coming in the window it's
not very fun so I'm like hurry up still
don't see him I was in the store with a
bini in winners we were really fast she
was so cute she was like we can't look
at any of the stuff here mom because if
we look we're gonna buy something
because we love everything in this store
cuz last time that's where we did like
their whole dress shopping she got all
those cute little summer dresses so she
was like we can't even look because of
look I'm gonna find something I love it
was so cute we discovered up to you
return so what's hot for me doesn't ran
up to the returns and it took like two
seconds and we're back um so I need what
are you yelling about oh he's yelling
out the seagulls flying by so silly have
you mcflurry fire truck calling all the
firemen are having mcflurries I know I
know they can see that or not there is a
truckload of firemen are all say they're
up my camera truckload of firemen
they're all sitting there having a
flurry
you earned it boys so happening I just
waiting to see the Canadian Tire to get
the new teapot suppose any vote and then
we open every box for every single one
every single one of them had a defect on
it one way or another so we decided just
to keep the one we were Julia a kiss
after all that and we're half all the
boxes on the floor open and we're
looking through them and then I music I
gotta go Pete right now I don't like
when I haven't the emergency I'm like
what's wrong I'm I can you hold it down
we're done she's like no I can feel it
coming out so to run to the bathroom we
go pee she finishes there's not a single
piece of toilet paper so I had to lock
her into the bathroom go to the guy and
be like can you give me some toilet
paper then come back and do a NOC code
to get back in for her it was crazy
meanwhile everybody else is in the car
waiting for us
now we're going home Malachi is really
excited about his new jammies and he
wants to show you hmm would you like
them so much what we're not really
really it wouldn't what's so funny you
got shorts I'm not sure Jimmy's you got
shorts for bed hey YouTube thanks for
watching men Malachi was so pumped about
wearing shorts to bed that night I don't
know why wasn't the sure she was just so
excited It was as if he's never seen or
worn shorts before as an entire life
anyways thanks for watching and we hope
that you'll subscribe comment and give
us a little thumbs up action
