what was ours again we had it right down
to truth about ourselves and one lie and
then our husband had to guess which one
I really thought I was gonna stumpy
so we're just getting ready for Mother's
Day and we got some brownies gonna make
those and the kids are making some card
right now your cars looking really nice
apni gate oh yeah your cars getting nice
you can't be a real pho whoa cool card
oh you're gonna happen to be ninja car
too oh boy would you stop don't you go
yeah yeah yeahs boys hey guys what's up
so today i am gonna be busy busy busy
because right now i'm going over to
Vicki's dad's house because they're like
i said in other videos if you watch our
channel already we are they're moving
into our basement so the in-laws are
moving in and so he needs some help
moving some stuff around because Vicki's
moms like she's not able to do it so I'm
gonna go over there and help out and
then after that there's some people from
the church coming over and get a couch
from us so I gotta be there to help move
that and it's like the hardest thing to
move out so when I move that couch in I
called like all my cousins over and we
took I think five I think it was five of
us there was me Maddie Jessa Daniel and
one of Maddie's friends
or maybe Jessa wasn't there there was
two of my DS friends something like that
I remember but we basically had to take
an entire railing apart and then we had
to move after we took the brilliant part
we had to move the oven completely to a
new room and then there's a one doorway
that's not the regulation width so we
had to like just jam the couch through
that doorway to get into the room that
it's in down I thought oh well who cares
where it's not like we're ever going to
need to move it meanwhile one year later
Vicky's parents are moving in and we
need to move the couch oh so they can
have that room so we're just going to
give it to somebody else because they
need account which some without any
comment so we're going to do that today
and hand where I was supposed to help
celebrate Mother's Day with Vicki today
because tomorrow i'm on the worship team
in the morning and the night so i got
morning worship then right after morning
worship good service there's practice so
then right after the practice we're
going to swish elated especially with my
grandma and stuff then we're coming back
and we'll probably home for like an hour
that I got to go to the night service
and so like I won't be able to like 730
from that so we thought let's do mother
tea on Saturday instead but now I have
all this stuff I have to do today it's
really bad really bad for Vicki because
she's such a great mom she just so much
work around the house and everything I
wanted to do all this nice stuff for her
but maybe I'll do like a secret Mother's
Day next weekend or something like that
and surprise her like surprise
today he's actually gonna be your
mother's day I don't know hopefully
she's not watching this replay because
she doesn't watch the videos that much I
don't know why she's just as busy right
so hopefully she doesn't see this one
and no the surprise that might be coming
and if she does see this one don't get
your hopes up because I might not do it
but it's just idea anyways right hey so
Dave and I are just loaded up a whole
new pile of stuff to bring to my house
and Vicky doesn't know is coming so
we'll see what happens ok so Vicky
handled it pretty good with the
furniture but we're probably gonna go
try and get some more we're just gonna
have some lunch first but everybody was
running to the park it's taking a little
break so Avenue not gonna try and catch
some frogs I don't know if you can hear
them or not for they are sneaking noisy
I know they're all over there and that's
somebody's property so he can't go over
there but I think you're right think
you're all over with use the kayak move
the kayaking it's back home oh well done
anything it's a lot work what I
chicharr√≥n that stronger dick thinkin it
didn't feel like so crystal grab it you
got it Oh
oh well maybe we'll find one today I'll
show you if we did Makka is that big
bite can you fit that whole bite in your
mouth okay so Dave and I got another
carload and the mattress on top we'll
see how it goes we strapped it down we
could really Stern are driving far so it
shouldn't be too good is gonna make your
head hurt probably whoa I've never heard
Malachi so quiet in my life this is how
you make him be quiet you give him ice
cream and he doesn't talk as much oh is
it cool freezing is it hurt your head
Nick asked us when he was gone doing the
furniture and stuff with fat we could
water his plants for him so omni's got
the spray bottle she's gonna go in the
greenhouse and water the place
so hot in there yeah oh what a
difference whoa super hot in here okay
first spurt spurt that's funny good
sweetie just a couple squirt okay so
Dave and I got another carload and the
mattress on top we'll see how it goes we
strapped it down as we could really
start driving far so it shouldn't be too
good roll it back to each other was
grandpa in the background I think that
was a song for my mom both the mattress
not being covered and she's vacuuming
away and given my dad some trouble for
not covering it on the drive over okay
so we're off to that young couple do you
know what it's about cuz i was talking
before and I was like I don't really
even know what's going on um it's
there's gonna be games and dessert and
our pastor and his wife we're gonna give
like a funny talk on having a healthy
relationship so it should be really fun
I'm looking forward to it cool yes I'm
fine the kids are excited in there in
their jammies it's been to church in
their dami we do that because by the
time you get home they're so tired cuz
it's their pain right now yes late night
so much hanging it on there so tired
they just 'mazel just have them in their
jammies it's so hard to get them in
their jammies on their chart if you're a
parent you know what I'm talking about
yeah and it is nutso so yeah we're just
gonna keep her in their jammies whoa
we're all those things where I'd show
you but I'm not touching the camera it's
all locked into this GoPro mount there's
all these we're think a ways see ya
later well you know how it goes should
be pretty fun I hope there's games I
think they said there's games where you
can win prizes so I hope Nick and I went
to pry it open with a new iPad yeah I
don't think it could be prizes like that
it might be look the parking lots empty
we're gonna win every prize yes thank
you bye I'm in the car again because i
forgot the brownies i supposed to bring
tea for dessert tonight at the couple's
night so I'm going to just whip home
thankfully they're so close so it's
gonna take no time at all going with
home get the brownies and come back so I
gotta go so it's not a clock we just got
home from the couple's night at the
church um it was okay like it was uh
yeah it was pretty good and it was just
nice to be out and the kids were really
good in the nursery and stuff I'm he
fell asleep on the floor and leave i
fell asleep too and then he woke up and
like start crying don't worry was so
Nick went and got him and then just tell
them nurse the time but he was good so
that was um yeah and I know right the
only thing I thought that it was going
to be a service so I thought there was
gonna be like worship and like as
preaching stuff like that but it was
more like let's hang out yeah which is
what I don't know I wanted to go for the
fun of it like I wanted to go and play
games and win prizes which we didn't we
didn't win anything but we did did one
game than we got the question right
about each other and there was one
really gross game and what was is like
the women got whipped cream like the you
would you see from the fridge and they
can and they put it on the guy spaces
but it bad liable and the other of life
all because we're going to shave them
but it backfired and the whipped cream
all melted it was running down their
neck in their shirts it was so sticky I
was like oh my goodness they guy that we
did it first
that we volunteered for the first game
which was just a written one what was
ours again oh we had it right down to
truth about ourselves and one lie and
then our husband had to guess which one
I really thought I was gonna stumpy
which one was the lie so we both got it
right we both got a tricky there's a
really tricky I'd really think about it
yeah she had to think about it hers was
so easy oh I love shopping I love
sleeping every member with the third
room was where the third one was a life
who obviously she loves sleeping and
shopping even you guys probably would
have got that one mine was tough here's
what mine was I own 12 hammocks the
second one was i can write a resume in
30 minutes or less the third one was i
own all the power tools to build a table
tell me in the comments which one of
those three things you think is a lie
hey thanks for watching this video and
if you are a tea drinker and you're real
light t go ahead and click on the videos
playing right now is going to show you
my awesome new iron cast teapot with an
infuser anyways check that out and
thanks for watching and subscribe thumbs
up and comment on this video really
appreciate it
