hey guys check that out I've got a new
tea infuser I know you're thinking you
just got a tea birdie and future theme
from paper chef but this one is actually
a teapot infuser check out our super
cool right
today we are trying to get stuff down in
the basement my mom has come over to try
and help organize and get rid of stuff
it's been very difficult so far for me
to be able to purge I feel like I have a
lot of attachment to things I just need
to get over it
but you know I was like oh but how many
one that's a fair or well that was the
first time they went to the zoo and they
got that and I just have all these like
attachments to every stuffed animal or
you know every little outfit and I just
I have a hard time with them of you guys
are like that and get attached to things
but I'm trying to get over it my mom's
helping me a little bit by just being
like Vicki look at it it's in awful
shape it's gotta go and like like okay
so it's just been a little bit of a
difficult day but it's okay and it is
trying to purge and make room for new
things we have too much stuff and the
kids have too many toys the thing with
my kids though is that they actually do
play with everything that they don't
like it's not like this I've been
playing with for years or this doesn't
play with like at all like they play
with everything they're really good at
like you know if they forgot about it
Ben you know that had mr. Potato Head in
it or whatever they're like the next
week they would go to that bin to play a
huge potato hey they played they played
with like every single stuffed animal
that we had they like to play like pet
store and like the zoo and stuffing you
know and walk them around like put
little leashes on them and walk them and
stuff so you know my kids actually do
play with our toys so that is a good
thing so that's I mean that's why it's
hard to get rid of it but I'm trying to
do it wouldn't have any that's cool so
that she doesn't see me throwing out
things that she likes and is attached to
like I hope that I picked wisely and
kept things that she really likes and
wouldn't miss anything but we shall see
because she notices things
now of course of my mom comes she always
brings more stuff she's like oh but look
at these cute shirt I got for Avenue and
you know like it like couple these
clothes and oh is she bought Jimmy
in everything I have such an awesome mom
she's always like thinking of others and
putting others before herself and yeah
she's just so awesome I have the
FaceTime on the computer I was trying to
go to work talk to my cousin Missy and
mouth I stand in front of the piano he
can see himself and he's like doing
really funny stuff to himself in the
screen by my eyes and I'm over in the
living room I don't know you can see
yourself in there
that's me it's just you yeah
don't touch buttons oh it's daddy's
computer no touch it at all
okay do you think it's cool that you can
see yourself in there it's Mother's Day
weekend so I'm in charge of cleaning the
house and making meals and stuff like
that and we're gonna have family movie
night tonight where Dabney hello
talking to you hello Dora puzzle extreme
okay so I'm out here trying to fix the
dung gate again because it won't close
properly it's too tight here something
and maybe if I move this over a little
bit it should fix it I don't know I'm
gonna try it see what happens okay so I
temporarily fixed it but now it has to
be locked at all times but yeah I'm
gonna do the rest tomorrow because my
drill is just on the charger so I have
to do it all by hand it takes forever so
I'm just gonna wait till tomorrow and
I'm done so yeah
hey guys check it out I got a new tea
infuser I know you're thinking you just
got a tea birdie and future theme from
paper chef but this one is actually a
teapot infuser
check out our super cool right so you're
refusing your tea like with this infuser
that goes into your tea pot and this one
is cast-iron hardcore no so if you don't
know what your tea cast-iron is like one
of those things worse like on the fence
either you're super hardcore yak it die
or you're like dude cast-iron you don't
even know anything about tea so I don't
know where your a but I think it's kind
of cool those benefits of it are
it is supposed to keep your tea well hot
away longer than if you're using a
normal teapot so this one here I already
tried it earlier today and my tea I was
pouring it for like an hour afterwards I
need this drug drink until hour after I
brewed it and it was still hot like even
touching his right now I was boiling hot
I just poured this hot water in but I
mean this thing retains the heat so well
and this one has enamel on the inside so
if you don't have that it's supposed to
like create more flavor stuff like that
because the the actual cast iron will
absorb the nutrients and stuff like that
so it will when you're making more and
more and more tea eventually those
nutrients will like create a new flavor
inside your pie and like increase the
flavor of the tea that you're trying to
make but mine doesn't have that so mine
is just good for comas just keeping it
warm longer and that's cool with me
it's way easier to regulate the
temperature because if you are trying to
cook a one tea at a certain temperature
and you have a thermos on you can stick
that in there and see when the proper
temperature is and then when you put the
tea and it will remain that temperature
for extended period of time whereas if
you have one that was like glass or
something once you get your temperature
that you need it loses the heat so fast
you can't get a consistent temperature
there anyways I'm not gonna bother you
guys with this type of stuff if you're
not into tea then you're gonna be like
oh my gosh through this channel ah but
if you're anything you're like hmm this
is interesting stuff I really like it so
I'm making some retv now and I'm gonna
try it out call me this lid right here
gets really hot too after a little while
check it out green tea mmm yummy hey
youtubers how's it going thank you so
much for watching this video we really
appreciate all of your support I know I
say it a lot but I don't feel like I've
ever seen enough anyways I hope you like
this video and I'm so pumped out with my
cast iron teapot so awesome I mean so
much tea the other night and
was up all night with a green tea hi
anyways check out this video that's
playing in the clip Viki is making some
homemade salsa and it is so stinking
delicious anyway he's made for watching
