okay so I'm making Nick his homemade
salsa tonight the stuff not the grocery
store yesterday so with some it's
pampered chef or subpoena it's tomato
and onion salsa and I'm just going to
show you how easy it is when you have
this one simple tool
so I asked them what they wanted for
lunch today and Brielle surprised me by
saying that she wanted some chicken
noodle soup so I made them some soup but
now they're both slurping away it's
really cute well see a second the noodle
in you're good at time you make a good
noise for that how are you doing with
yours it's a good yep you like slurping
it too mm-hmm levi's and having best
snacks lately he has been napping 11 to
one every day for the past week and a
bit now yeah it's like in the weekend so
yeah it's been over a week now which is
awesome i love it because I'm he goes
down through any crime that he's just so
tired so how do I get him to eat like a
first part of his lunch at like 1030 and
by 11 he's just ready for bed and like I
was like what you want more to eat you
want more to drink he was like no no and
then I was like to want to go to bed he
looked at me go as I was like you want
up he goes up up and so I picked him up
and I put him down bed you went right to
sleep didn't make any fuss he kind of
even went like like he was so good tent
like that's just what he wanted there's
so so sweet don't put your fingers near
his mouth what did he do before when you
put his finger fingers yeah so don't do
it again yeah Levi likes throwing his
socks or anything for that matter he
likes throwing things all the time now
I'm gonna be a picture you like throwing
over your head where'd it go there on
top of your head oh oh my goodness
oh oh dental you hi they went behind you
it's behind you know you do it with your
finger to your mouth yeah maybe he
copies you go hmm gapping your big
brother are you got being a big brother
it's a beautiful day outside today so
we're all just outside enjoying some I
say why not I meet hers Bree all still
working on hers you guys just chillin
mild Hopkins thumb the milkers been
clean yes just need to get a wipe first
clear Doug I'm doing my face a little
bit not much but your hands are my
sticky uh that's my ice cream cone that
she's sneaking did you just have your
own okay no you don't mind my cone yeah
every day well monkey so we're just
heading for a walk we're gonna go and
show for y'all the fishies that are in
the the lake now we're gonna go see them
so we'll show you the fishies to there's
so many you can't even count them all
look at my big girl with her strong
muscles pulling Brielle Amalekite in the
wagon
yeah you like it you're like anybody
let's go see the fishy I think there's
some frogs over there they're a little
bit noisy you can see the fish you're
going to fish in there
subscribe to live life okay so I'm
making Nick his I'm homemade salsa
tonight and stuff that we got the
grocery store yesterday so it's um it's
pampered chef recipe and it's tomato and
onion salsa and I'm just going to show
you how easy it is when you have this
one single tool it's a manual food
processor and I'm just going to show you
here so all i have is a little bit of
onion 2 cloves of garlic and like half
of one jalapeno pepper and some lime
juice and then i cut up the the grape
tomatoes here i cut these ones in half
just because you're really really big so
I just cut them in half and they
probably should be they'll do better in
here oh and I thought there's a little
bit of cilantro in there too I don't put
a lot ink so I don't really like
cilantro but it does add just a little
bit something to thats also that year
you're missing if you don't have it so I
just put like a very very little amount
in um and I'm gonna show you how it
works so I'm going to put the hand line
okay so just come put one hand on it in
the US
you saw that but look at how like finely
chopped it is now and that was just like
a couple of pumps so now it's all like
coarsely chopped look at that mmm yum
yum yum and then you're gonna add your
tomato halfway through I like to use my
little my little mix's scraper hurt and
it just kind of pushed it down back into
the bowl to the blades they're so
obviously the more time as you hit it um
like pump the handle and i'll hit it
more time as you pump the handle the
smaller pieces that you could get so
there you have it fresh homemade salsa
done in literally seconds so easy man yo
food prep center felony on tour fit Levi
is all wet because you've grabbed a
water cup off the top of the table and
you took the straw out and you got water
all over the floor all over him and now
he's saying okay some water mom yeah did
you do that did you make a mess so the
last couple of days I've been driving
and hearing his weird whistling noise in
the car and i was like thinking myself
know what could be wrong with the car
and then today i'm driving and someone
pulls up beside me as like hey there's a
football on your roof do you know that i
was like what and then look was up here
that's two pinder fair ball and it's one
of those balls at whistling through it
did you hear that yeah so well I'm
driving down the road is catching the
air and making the stupid whistle noise
thank God I thought was going to be
something horribly wrong with my car
this whole time but at least somebody
saw that because i don't think i would
ever seen that it's just like one of
those weird spot
it matches the cinco the car stuff so ah
Levi's in the way again for the first
time oh I thought you're putting this
way you are you in the wig we hope sit
on your bum bed it's a fluffy sit on
your bum
you ready go thump-thump-thump we bump
bump bump them I using bum bum hey bump
bump bump save pum pum pum are you going
yes you can write it that way you're not
fun hey I remember you riding this wagon
when you're the same age as Levi what
are you doing Levi yeah we were just
looking at the sky and we realized our
son's gone it's getting to be like a
rainy sky all of a sudden but supposed
to be really warm outside tomorrow and
were supposed to get a thunderstorm
summer oh well okay I'm trying to
quickly fill up all the bikes was air
before raids I got both the kids bikes
and they're on standby I think he's
gonna go walk with those she's game
leave I think I try felt the rest report
ring is look at this guy it just feels
like rain by levi's too little doesn't
have a helmet yet so we would have put
him on the back of Nick spike and right
because we had a helmet I don't know I
think it's a good idea um so the kids
are just off bike riding ahead now my
discuss a little do uh yeah see them up
their necks got the seat on the bike no
baby in it mm-hmm lots of fun I
Malachi's big boy on his bike to and I
spider-man bike I'm up in the top bunk
bed putting avenida bad milk i fell
asleep around our time that I was up
there and look so funny he's got like
all is that a memorable on top of them
hey youtube thanks again for watching
our videos I hope that you will
subscribe comment give us a little
thumbs up action and if you want to
watch another one of our great videos
check out the one that's playing in the
clip above
