I have the worst retail day of my entire
life
today I went to Canadian Tire to buy
some rubbermaid containers to organize
our basement a little better in men it
was the worst they have these ones as
they said were on sale so I was like
sweet sale bonus and then I brought
through the friendly God no these aren't
on sale so I was like can you get
someone to go to the back and check it
for me because you have a self-tan took
yeah no problem fifteen years later
there's still nobody coming I'm like can
I just go to the back and grab the sale
take that I saw their like shirt so I
ran to the back grab the sale take come
all the way back up and then I'm like
here's a sale take the like oh this is
for a different product I'm like well
there's no other tanks around this
product can you give me the sale price
so like oh we'll have to get someone to
go look at it was like okay well
clicking again someone so they call
customer service and I get the customer
service person she's like oh man it's
going to be another one of those days
and then she's trying to find so much
and I'm like can you not just take me
back there I've already been waiting for
20 minutes now and she's like no I can't
charge of customer service I have to
stay here and there's like already a
bunch of other people there are customer
service so then finally I'm like can you
just ask one of these friggin staff
members or walking past is a key factor
or something please and then so she
finally gets somebody takes me back to
her to finally to tell me hey there's
nothing they can do basically so I just
left wasted my entire lunch break
waiting for them to help me with this so
it was really frustrating so now I'm a
big fan of Canadian Tire to I don't know
why the customer service was so bad at
this one and now I'm going to have to go
somewhere else when i get home i have to
walmart or something to try and get a
good deal on some of these containers to
fix the storage and our basement because
we have to get everything ready yeah
that's just a little taste of how my
date wait it was not pleasant but you
know what at this point on it's going to
be fantastic okay so we're going to try
a Canadian Tire see if this can enter in
our hometown which is in the city town
will be way nicer because the people
there are nice
and help us get some of these bins so
fresh air on that last place and what
else we do where to go to the store to
get some stuff make yourself said
tomorrow oh yeah Vicki's making me
homemade salsa Toro that can be really
good going to tacos that'll be really
good so it's a night for supper I had
nothing but that's okay we have homemade
pancakes where's my choice I was like
let's try and hurry and gets the
restorative talking back to time I
forgot I need some sunlight for that
video I'm swiss made for Tim Schmoyer
now I guess out the Utah woohoo okay sit
good check out they haven't hired so
cool is like if i can say your mouth I
can sit here and they get to drive we
wants to go in the car whoa let's leave
your crazy love dog in the car okay we
don't want to lose him right do you
wanna go in a race car yeah yeah yeah
yeah race car yeah yeah yeah yeah race
car okay so ranking the entire now and
you're pushing my cart Abby hey Avenue
supposed to do by yourself you guys like
that guys I my hand resting here cool
car guys I'm sure but I think about it
right there okay soon taking the entire
didn't have any bins and I saw some for
five dollars on cells like oh let's get
these ones but they weren't there and
think he's like oh if we're getting bins
aren't clear my mom's got a giant pile
bins we got for free in the garage I'm
like really really Vicki we're shopping
for bins and then you finally told me
there's a pile in your mouth guard who
got for free so that was a little bit of
a downer to the shopping trip now we're
going to the grocery store gonna get
some boost gonna get some groceries
tomatoes and other stuff latina Peppa
soon we'll have our own jalapeno peppers
fresh from my garden hopefully well I
mean I soon
timaeus may be very sweet hopefully it
works out check out my garden stuff loop
right there so we're trying to get into
stupid plaza and look it's the biggest
traffic jam because the lineup for the
dumb McDonald's drive-thru and then
maybe some had a heart attack or
something I don't know but now we gotta
wait and as passive line just to get
into the grocery store I'm having the
worst retail day of my entire life we're
in the green house checking out the
flowers Avenue you like these flowers
yeah which one do you think is your
favorite color like these pink and
purples look at all the beautiful
flowers Hey look at these neat wines
already never seen it before it was kind
of cool so he is jumping over at the
pedal and he keeps putting the tips of
its always good jump hey subscribe
wah wah ok so our shopping is done and
I'm gonna sneak outside and go in the
hammock 45 seconds of rest before
everybody starts crying for me to help
little bit of bed stuff oh if you don't
have a hammock already you have to get
one it's like the best thing ever see
how we ended up gifts getting groceries
we didn't get any stuff for organizing
so hopefully Vicki's mom will bring us
over the organizing stuff tomorrow I
think Vicki said she's coming over
tomorrow or something because I just
hate postponing things I wanted to get
it done oh yeah so we're just gonna get
everybody ready for bed i'm going to
make some supper Evan anything yet and
then I probably just work on the vlog a
little bit you know upload the video oh
kudi but I think he wants to come out
here with me a bad girl yes okay so I
had like 30 seconds of peace in the
hammock and now I have me vaya namak a
Bonita image and they're going crazy in
here so back to reality back to you
knife back to reality so we're in the
hammock and we're playing I spy my
little eye and I told have any I spy my
little eye something this pink as she
can't find it can you find in a flashing
light no no I Cecily's me I'm looking at
it right now
o kz you wear it yep it's not it's not
that oh that would've been a good one
but that's not what it is it's something
that keeps things out of your face it's
not your hair but it's close what's pink
keeps things out of your face and it's
close to your hair and it goes on your
head yeah Jack laughs is that a good one
yeah I got her I got her stumped on that
one she told me I spoiled my life
something his golden is the bottom of my
glasses that was a good one so I'm gonna
try this new thing that I've heard about
and you basically like cook a banana you
slice it in half you put marshmallows
and chocolate in and you cook it and
ends up looking like this but i can try
it what do you want right this thing i'm
eating these wants me to put in a bed
anyways I'm gonna try eating this thing
Alexa know how it goes okay it'll be
anything it was good so I'm going to
make that again but you're supposed to
kind of do it on a campfire so next time
we have a fire maybe I'll do it there
instead of just another BBQ yeah or
watch high school musical cuz Vicki
narrow users Heart School Musical high
school Michael high school yeah cool
okay this here you see my size
that's what I thought we will know the
song is Jordan yeah we'll be seeing them
every day all day hey YouTube how's it
going so turns out high school musical
was a complete bust we didn't think I
was as awesome as all the hype that was
behind it but if you want to watch
another funny video check out this one
it's called MI and nerd so what do you
think it might a dirty tip with a guy or
what anyways watch the video and leave
some comments thanks for watching
