everything into piles and things with
stuff like what we want when we don't
want all that myself so it's like just
this big huge disaster
hey so today I see it all from work
because I have the worst allergies all
morning I couldn't get rid of that takes
an ology medicine no just recently my
eyes trying to feel better and I'm not
sneezing coughing and all this crap all
the time so I started come downstairs
try and not make a waste of my day and
organize this stinking basin me like I
don't know what we're going to do with
all this stuff when Vicky's parents
would have been like a look at this so i
got this closet almost cleared out but
just because it's cleared out doesn't
mean everything's put away yours if most
of the stuff ah it's all like presents
and stuff so we have every time we get
like a present it just a double or
something we'll save it and so we can
regift it and so we have all these
presents here but like we don't have any
parties coming up or anywhere we give
these presents away or even stuff over
here i forgot about so i totally don't
know what I'm gonna do with all this
stuff we just don't have a big enough
house to keep everything Vicki's mom is
always like you gotta purge things I'm
like but like a lot of the stuff we just
can't purge like what am i suppose i
purge all that camping stuff look i
hain't purchase stuff we need it every
time we go camping and like other things
that we could portray with me to those
we could purge them towards s for sure
but like a lot of the stuff is in here
is just things that we need like
blankets and bed coverings for the kids
because they wants to get to a bigger
bed afraid to different I don't want to
buy it all again so I don't know what
I'm going to do I need a helper I need
somebody does a pro organizer to come
over and just do it I'll give you ten
bucks it's fair deal ten bucks so we're
walking to pick up Avenue and vodkas get
the biggest boogers and we forgot
Kleenex I just gotta say that i forgot
to pratt clean it and so the great mom
that Vicki is to use her sleeve and wipe
all the boogers off of her
what a great mom boogers he's got the
gross boogers right now too because he's
not feeling it so that all breathing
Jackie so if you're ever wondering if
the strollers are comfortable for the
kids check out Levi look at his legs
he's got both of his legs on the sides
just completely relaxed there but as I
that comfy pretty comfy in there what
he's pretty funny so we're having a
pinecone fight and he comes over as i
k-know pinecone fighting and I go what
do you guys mind you now and then market
except this ticket he goes stick fight
no no stick fighting it's so funny two
different two boys and girls ebony would
never have done that and they're both
like let's fight with us thanks let's
play with the pine cones uh childhood
today's been a pretty hot day so we're
going to check and see how hot it is
inside the greenhouse but look you can
see all the condensation on the outside
on the inside to here so it's probably
pretty hot everybody's got ice cream
how's your ice-cream guys yeah what
color's your color what color's your
chocolate at me yeah yeah yummy and
Levi's on that trampoline he likes it on
there is basically our outdoor play bed
it's like the best thing for him
forgotten see mine is having bubbles
want him my daddy and he's really having
fun
who did Congress boy oh they went the
wrong way check out my new gopro stuff
got a carb suction cup mount gotta pull
it extends but when I yeah it's kind of
crappy so foggy that's gonna be in a
chess mouth I got all this stuff for my
buddy Lauren he is he works for a
company who had another company contact
him and be like hey you guys want some
stuff to sell on your store you have to
order like if you wanted this pole yet
to order like 500 of them so he say well
can I get a sample order and they're
like sure so he was like hey Nick you
want to get in on some of this stuff so
I got like all this stuff for 25 bucks
and if you know GoPro stuff that's a
really good deal i just want to show you
so I'm going to try some of the stuff
out back you're going to be there on the
pole oh yeah is any better how's the
camera action Vicki coming at you
there's a chilis from up high no we can
do a little shopping good last night you
can see the really dirty messy kitchen
that's great
so yeah that's the full 12 we're very go
check the hamburgers the camber it's in
the public they're probably on fire I
know you do came out guys gonna scare
the girls and wrap it down down hi get
you that time no she got you the trick
she becomes the trick okay okay go go go
Ok Go Malachi go get her ok ok well be
doing this for the next three hours so I
will spare you the suspense hey YouTube
what's happening so if you're thinking
man I wish I could laugh so hard right
now you're probably gonna want to watch
the video display in the clip because
Vicki locked herself outside the gate
had like slave rose from the wind and
she got stuck completely behind it she
couldn't get out only Abby could squeeze
through it was really funny anyways
thanks for all your support and thumbs
up like subscribe to this video we
really appreciate everything you guys do
watching our videos giving comments we
just love you so much anyways look
forward to having you comment on our
view today and tomorrow thanks for
watching
