so guys last night I was supposed to
just cross the Avenue but I had to go to
the hospital because somebody had me so
she made these cool things with grandma
and they're like little love mice so
they're like hard shades and then it is
lovely French that's enough it's cool eh
excited to give to friends you did not
stop party today right hey snacks yeah
yeah party it's gonna be fun
I'm excited to hear about hardly gonna
be a party but I think this give me a
party but when I get one we're going to
hand out the cards I hope it is so I
don't need what you get yesterday at
school ha card by surprise a popcorn
love BAM yeah so at school they had this
thing make me a dollar and then you can
give like a Valentine to somebody with
popcorn so Vicky got one for you loved
it well glad you liked it it's kind of
weird colors this is thinks you're
amazing we do okay Libby was just
rocking on all fours and soon as I get
the camera as she stopped now next train
to get her to do it again are you gonna
try you get up you can't
oh yeah you can do it Levi oh you're
gonna push it oh yeah look at his boys
yep oh you do it lippy I'm gonna watch
for you okay come over your arms Oh your
whole body she gonna do it yeah she's
like that yeah you broke my head
rockin I'm just waiting for a Bini get
off the bus it is really snowing outside
to know if you can see in that video
through the window thanks see she comes
here she comes your cousin Anthony
didn't have any getting off the bus yeah
no where is she she is walking in the
snow let's see if she sees us is she
doing well she's cold spring her mittens
on hi I am so excited to go to sleep
tonight cuz I actually think I'm gonna
get a good night's sleep I think that I
could sleep oh my god yes I can't if
this one sleeps all night long we'll
have great sleep cuz I had the worst
post nasal drip and I haven't felt it
all day so I'm just praying that it
doesn't
here at night when I go to sleep guys oh
just so frustrating all you can feel is
just drip drip drip in the back your
throat anyways so I'm really excited to
get to bed because I actually think that
I can have a sleep like okay night sleep
right Lippe
you wouldn't have a good night's sleep -
yes she's all buggery still but I think
she's ready for bed - yeah yeah woman
takes dog sled through two bars
drive-thru what is twenty-seven thousand
views where is that so it's a commercial
in New Brunswick in your NZ yeah that's
funny I feel terrible saying I feel
terrible my head hurts I've had the most
horrible sides pain all the other excuse
me yeah I literally feel like I'm gonna
die her so bad you know I should call I
should call the infants for him mmm this
is a great day for your first day out of
the hospital oh yeah don't you feel
amazing carry like reading realized yeah
totally it's like a 180 huh prayer in
medicine it's a good good combination
