the kids and I are at the grocery store
part in the bottom and there can you buy
in the front of the card being so cute
we were really excited though because
our bagels were on sale I picked up
Avenue from school and then we came home
and put the groceries away and then we
decided we're gonna go back out in the
rain again to the library so we're
really excited about that the kids
haven't been in a while and they're
gonna go and look to see if they can
agree on a movie for a family movie
night a couple nights hopefully we can
find something that we all want to watch
and I'm gonna get another book because I
have just finished reading number one in
a series that i started and so I'm
really really hoping to have number two
so we'll see how it goes is 330 so I
hope that we don't aren't too long as I
get home in time to make some supper so
we'll see we made it back from the
library and the kids each picked a movie
and then I picked one that I thought we
could try but secretly I just really
want to see it because I heard so much
about it and I've never seen it there's
so many references to this movie and
I've never seen it but it's high school
musical I like musicals and so maybe
I'll really like this I don't know but I
got it for you know cuz I want to be in
the loop and I know high school musical
is so overdone but I don't know no way
anyone's talking about and then after
i'll show he got that boy toy story
that's a good one a napanee got it isn't
you know it's go nim's island that one's
that was pretty cute it's got lots of
like animals in it like her best friends
are like a lizard and like a sea lion
and a pelican so Avenue loves animals um
especially like zoo animals and exotic
wild animals okay so um and they will
enjoy that wedded but we'll see and then
they did have the number 22 the book in
my series so I had to start a whole new
series that's number two is on hold but
I couldn't wait that long because I read
day so I've got the Rose trilogy now so
and it's like the only one that was
available with large print so like the
books huge and like the printing really
bay but I'm getting used to the big
printing now cuz it doesn't give me a
headache and I don't need glasses for
them so I'm actually liking the large
print and I know that's kind of funny
his like I'm 929 so but anyway um yeah
so that's fat because you can't you play
catch with the bouncy ball Malachi shark
shirt that he's wearing today he's gonna
show you let's see daddy it's getting
too small Oh Martha you can see is Delhi
so you to me it's too small for him so
mommy has a surprise for him what is it
oh so we can get rid of this one and I
have a new life what's the same o says
jawsome jhaza this just totally Josh you
like it yeah do you want to try it on
gonna try not
can we get rid of this one now yeah
that's too small right totowa know yeah
but he insists on wearing a shark shirt
like all the time he loves his shark
shirt so I knew I had to replace it if I
was ever going to get this one gone all
right so you see what it looks like I
see oh sure dad yeah me see check it out
oh cool man oh there's a sharp teeth on
that shark oh oh oh no oh shorty you a
t-shirt could be so much fun he works
so bad outside
