sending a penny off to school today with
pink hair see sing and then their
ponytail there's more pink it's just
like this like liquid stuff as it
hardens and dries and it comes right off
with water so we thought that'd be fun
right and she was saying to me um she
said oh I hope you will like it and I
said even if they don't like it you like
it and that's what matters so don't
worry about what other people think so
good lesson for today hey so I just got
the new stickers for our car it costs
bring in a hundred bucks which sucks but
I guess it's better than paying a
hundred dollar chicken every time they
pull you over and they told me this time
that I am going to have to pay to get an
ambitious jack every single time every
single every other year so every time I
got to get this sticker for my car I'm
gonna have to get that stupid and mrs.
jack which is like a couple of bucks
something and then there's like the
smallest thing wrong with your car you
got to get that fixed before the
interview so I have to start doing that
which totally sucks because like
it can be expensive there sometimes
there's stupid little things they get
our band there's like hug gates that
tells you if your entire team or air and
if it's broken a light will come on to
say hey you gotta get that thing fixed
and from my understanding is if you have
any lights on your dash then you can't
ask these guys and that stupid little
gauge thing costs like a hundred bucks
so I'm going to get that fix just so I
can get past my e test maybe I'm wrong
but I'm pretty sure that's what the test
is gonna make me have to do but yeah
it's kind of a bummer but at least I got
the stickers done there's supposed to
rain for like 40 so I don't know what
I'm gonna be able to put the sticker on
because you have to have it a dry spot
right you can stick it on water so we'll
see at least that police officer was
kind enough not to charge it for all
that other stuff and we just had me
works walk home ever it was raining so
bad outside but not only is it just
pouring rain it is flowing phrase so the
win is so strong you can't even hold an
umbrella because it goes inside out or
blows away the wind is like pushing you
forward oh my goodness so brutal um I
can literally like wring out my clothes
right now I'm like soaked and I was a UH
thankfully like I was just like walking
and I'm a hood on her my hand is so cold
and the girls had to walk but the boys
thankfully were under like a rain cover
on the stroller so they weren't too bad
they're cold but I didn't know it was a
colder side his brutal so I had the car
but I offered to one offer but I am had
arranged to pick up another moms kids so
I wouldn't have had like seats for
everybody so psycho I have to walk and
then even if I did take the car then I
would have liked to take the boys out of
the car or a lot of weight in the rain
and then I'll back in the car so it was
just more it was just better just to
walk I think but now I'm not so sure
because I'm just soaked right through
and it was cold and we
d and it was awful and at one point you
couldn't see where you're going because
there's so much blowing in you let me
know sense but you know what I mean it
was really hard my one little girl I
walked home has glasses and she kept
going like I can't see you can't see it
was like oh worthy this is levi after
our walk home you just I just SAT him
down at the door oh poor little thing oh
sweet is that yeah so that was just a
wonderful walk home and now we're all
changed and dry and I totally forgot
that i left the stroller with avenues
backpack out side and i go back out and
get it Nick and I are going to go to the
movies tonight and see Captain America
um but they only have it available in 3d
and our coupon is not valid for 3d
movies and I'm really disappointed
because that was the one I really wanted
to see the moat and then the amazing
spider-man 2 doesn't come out until
thursday and our coupon expires on
wednesday yeah so a little bit bums so i
looked at the other movies yeah there's
not really much out there i don't know
if we're still gonna go but I'm gonna
see what nick says but it's not a bummer
when you're like so excited for somebody
has something planned and then it just
doesn't work oh so Vicki and I are going
to the movie say and his smoothie starts
at seven is already almost 650 and she's
like oh I gotta go drop off a backpack
at somebody's house I'm okay with you
after you she's like no idea before the
movie so now we're here she's taking her
sweet time walking all the way up to the
stupidos and now i'm still waiting for
her we're gonna miss the movie and it's
cheap nice it was probably gonna be like
completely sold out
rod vicky-o if you have a wife and you
totally know what I'm going through
right now please put a comment below oh
snap that mad rush we're finally out the
door and we're ready to go to the movies
we decided to go to the movies locally
in town because i remember that i had
some okay Nick remembered that there was
some gift certificate so i got from one
of my daycare mom's for Christmas and
yeah so now we get to go for free
instead of like by two for one goodbye
she'll go yeah two for one anyways so
yeah so now we get to go to the movie we
wanted so i'm really excited in our
Laura see Captain America and hopefully
it's good i perfectly good things about
it and i like the first time so oh I
took too long again but it's good i mean
is down the road anyways this buddy cuz
the way you it's cheap yes city in the
video before yeah if she's late ok ok ok
anyways you should be used to it by now
now we're both were in our sweats I'm
gonna be all comfy and cozy oh yeah
dinner I want is Shane this is the
difference between a merry people going
to movies again both very like
tracksuits yeah cuz we forgot the
incidents see watching a movie for two
over two hours I really got any day I
were like my nice change yeah oh sure it
looks really good and I was wearing it
for like 10 minutes like are you wearing
your switches like out like I'm not
worried there's Ned I was gonna change
and then I was
no you're not writing your sub pants I
guess I'll change things like oh wait
don't you change i'll go change if it's
been an hour both ordinary sweats but
it's all good so we just got back from
the movie and we saw a captain america
and it was amazing i really liked it and
one thing we've learned with the Marvel
movies is you always have to wait till
after the credits because they always
show like it preview for the next one
and for sure I think they're hinting
towards buta for the next Avengers so I
can't wait for that because we love
those series although Marvel series are
so good to watch so really excited for
that anyways thanks for watching
subscribe thumbs up and comment on our
videos
so cool in here
