okay so we're on our way to drive to
Oshawa I've got a pampered chef show a
lunchtime show at a school there so I'm
pretty excited about that and then the
kids decided to come with me so that
they could hang out with their auntie
Amy I'm stand there cousin fair so it
should be a good date Albanese excited
why are you excited sweetie that's four
weeks in a row where she hasn't gone to
school either the friday or the monday
so she's had only four day um weeks of
school which is awesome and she's really
happy about it and no one's gonna get
carsick right we'll have a nice Drive
yes to have a good Drive thought you
better get going so i'll give you an
update later i'm really bummed because i
don't get to go to my show and the kids
don't get to go for their playdates
their bum too because when we were
driving we're probably 35 minutes in and
malachi got really carsick and he threw
up and because he's almost four and he's
probably trying everything like that he
doesn't have an extra change of clothes
I figured why does he need one and so
I'm pretty upset and I don't know if
he's sick or if he was just carsick
buddy puked all over the backseat so now
we are back at home oh and just before
we got home he picked again so glad we
turned around and didn't like keep going
and just like buying my change of
clothes um so we're gonna take him
inside now and give him a bath and get
that yucky throat snow off and then got
a whole car seat and back seat of the
van to clean so it should be lots of fun
not exactly how I planned my day to go
okay so we're all back in the van
Malachi is all cleaned up the seats all
cleaned somewhat and we put it's like
I'm cover for her seat like for his
booster seat in the wash and everything
and they'll dried so we're gonna try
again we're not gonna go to Oshawa but
we are gonna go try to have a fun day so
the kids wanted to UM go to the mall so
so where are we gonna go where are we
going guys the desi store the disney
store and where else are we going what
are we going to get a discussion
yeah I sky as a special treat the other
car okay we'll try to find an ice cream
for you okay so we get going mmm all
right I'm Malachi no throwing up okay
good high five a boy no I thought
figured out and thanks to grandma we get
to go fast some ice cream yay all right
let's go here we go wish us luck mal
cotton was over there who's that who's
this right here cuz this fun environment
oh yeah you you are the disney store so
cool in here
Disney Store
kids love it here so I'm in this like
area here and I'm talking here it's
totally normal as soon as I move in the
middle it's completely echo echo echo
you're a go head go mmm echo no echo
echo gramma an Avenue grandma happenes
get been in the store in the mall
no shame no embarrassment just skipping
away not caring about anybody or
anything we're enjoying some ice cream
that grandma bought as a special treat
for all the kids we've ice gotta comb
without any ice cream in it then uses
kind of munching on it is it good is it
yummy yeah the good mhmm she showing you
his lovely cone that he's eating this my
itself have any what kind you got they
both rainbow sherbert would you got
what does mommy have rainbow sherbert
can you tell us our favorite and lick
mommy's ice cream I have a lick
that better that days there than a cone
that good one more
like ice cream yeah oh yes ice cream
your favorite yeah I'm Emma's cheating
she didn't get a scream she got a
doughnut just enjoy acting like my lips
to nearly revenue you makes people out
he's rocking out her her new headband
that she got with mommy's gift card and
she's got her cool rockin sungai for
those churches Sykes Nick into the flour
in heaven yes yeah it's a specking
pretty oh yeah mama would you get at the
store what is it skipping rope we're not
gonna use it for quick jumpy for jumping
very good I thought he was gonna say for
putting on his animals to take them for
a walk like a leash because that's why I
else was stringing everything at home
just dropping grandma off at home
and the kids might be upset when they
wake up really grandma's out in the car
anymore because they all fell asleep
happening or has been falling down and
there's no good boy oh oh
they're so cute I have just had one of
those days today okay so not only do I
can't for shoka cancelled cuz Malachi
got sick in the car as I told you before
but on the way out like we decided to go
out after we went to the mall and on our
way out to the mall um when I was
driving I got pulled over by a cop car
uh-huh that's right I was like really
like and I was like I think I was
speeding and my mom the kids were in the
car and the kids thought it was colder
like ooh look look um and I'm like
shaking and like what would I do with a
view yeah so I'm not very happy about
all of it Nick's gonna hear it from me
when he gets home I'm gonna give me
earful and I'm gonna make him think that
the ticket was a lot of money and they
can feel really bad about it because I'm
so upset about the whole situation
didn't want to go out after that point
but anyways he let me off pretty easy um
we had three offenses and the only
charging with one which was the least
amount so I was very grateful and that
was definitely a blessing and also a
wake-up call to you know to be on top of
these things cuz this sucks hey so you
guys already heard that uh they tried to
go out today and mock I puked everywhere
but what you didn't know was last night
I was talking about al-qaeda bill Macki
and he was like yeah mackay and I and
we're gonna go for a car right and then
I'm gonna throw up and then he did the
next day he went into her car and he
threw up so he totally called it it's
really bizarre don't you think my dad
okay Levi Whitney vie with me mine where
is he quickie my god laughs I'm are you
oh dear you lie anymore here you
again wheres nev I where's Levi co by
okay it's the end of the day and I'm
gonna tell Nick all about my day and
what happened today okay what happened
okay so you already know about
everything with Oshawa not getting to
Oshawa and the puke and all that stuff
okay and um we wash all of malachi stuff
like all his like a seat and everything
like that and so we're probably home
make sure you're trying to hold your
camera still okay sorry we're probably
home like two hours yeah and um you know
we waited for his seat to dress we could
go back out to the mall cuz he really
wanted to go thank you grandma no and
grandma promised them um ice cream oh
great so we went yeah and he's really
fine in the car um so he throw twice and
you might have yeah and you won't be
laughing in a second like I xirrus I got
pulled over by a cop today first beating
know or what think what haven't you done
oh I didn't put the sticker on for the
new year thing yeah so what happened I
got busted did you take it ah yeah
so Nicholas not only that but he asked
for the the vehicle registration okay
and we've never put a validation sticker
on the back of the registration and
there's 101 there's a hundred and ten
dollar fine for that 110 dollar ticket
for the was it called again for the
validation sticker not being correct on
the car and I pass them our insurance
card and guess what it was expired on oh
yeah it was yes april twenty second
april twenty second and that is
fifty-six dollars so he charged you for
all that stuff 110 110 and fifty-six
dollars really three offenses and you
gently cry early oh yeah i was gonna cry
i mean my mom so what do you need to do
tomorrow on your lunch break yeah go get
the stickers did he tell you you can
have a few days to get this ticket or
something yeah i gave me 15 days well
not to get stickers 15 days to pay the
ticket yeah i know but then what happens
if I get pulled over again now you won't
because in the system that it's looked
after so I guess you've got 15 days I
guess that makes sense but you need to
do it as soon as possible do you know
how awful that was for me and how
embarrassing that was for me today sorry
thanks you're lucky the GAR was really
nice and only gave me a ticket for the
insurance was 56 oh my god you sure I
was so stretched out just there's the
meanest thing you've ever done yeah well
you deserve it because meanest thing for
me was being pulled over by cop car
hey Ronnie yeah did you there blowin in
the wind this
