so it's Sunday and this Sunday Vicki's
leading worship for both services and
I'm playing bass for the first service
and then I'm playing guitar for the
second service and nervous is my first
time playing guitar for a service since
I was like 16 or something so yeah I'm a
little bit nervous and there's no other
instruments just me so are you live and
everything no biggie thinks it's gonna
be good so I think it'll be good too but
I'm just a little bit nervous because I
haven't done it for so long but I think
maybe once I get up there everything
will be okay it's uh yeah just gonna be
good okay so our first worship service
this morning when really good and right
after that first worship service usually
have our practice for the evening
service and like i said before i'm
playing the acoustic guitar by myself
for it and I was really nervous about it
at first but after practice I feel
really good i think it's going to go
really well i'm excited actually so
you'll see how it goes hopefully the
Holy Spirit comes to into that place and
it just it goes nuts and like
everybody's search for being is really
good so yeah i'll let you know how it
goes and everybody I home just finished
having a nap so that all well rested but
I snuck outside and climbed in iambic
just so I got a few minutes in here by
myself so before the kids go and go nuts
in here and jump around while swinging
and stuff but yeah we're gonna have some
supper soon and then we're gonna head
over for our evening surveys I'm looking
forward to it so should be pretty fun so
I guess I'm force up did you throw it up
in your mouth a little bit or something
we got me barbato abney looks so pretty
today you got pearl bracelet what's what
kind necklaces office Oh monkey necklace
his best friends and a heart necklace
very pretty sorry sorry nice headband
you look really pretty and you look very
handsome to over there bud with your
messed up
looking separate it looks really good so
Nick and the kids are behind me and
they're gonna race to me really really
fast and leave I laughed so hard when
you when you go fast with him in the
stroller he just loves it anyways
yeah busy they're blowing in the wind so
we just finished our worship session
lasts for the night service and it went
really good I I was really nervous a
couple first couple songs but in jigga
but in the end we pulled it together and
it's not a pretty good but now look the
boys are playing guitars like Daddy
thank you how many singing like mommy
yeah yeah good job guys oh look at him
he should just be walking is basically
standing up on his own yeah I agree
anyways thanks for subscribing sorry
today where is it very many videos but
we're really busy with all like the
church stuff haha Jesus he writes he's
getting the day off at school it's wrong
and I figured work she's rubbing it in
my face you funny funny funny yeah so
you'll see what she's doing tomorrow as
a surprise so I just gone for a little
walk to the lake see how thought I'd is
no check it out soon
give you a panoramic
