on the trampoline story time with banana
you'd like a banana well I'm banana you
went ok you bit a banana oh oh you
didn't I'll I beg at the library hmm hmm
I think I saw I gosh I how do you wanna
join us sing me a song or you wanna whoa
Levi with that mu doing the worm or
something on his back now my guys
wearing a helmet because last time we
went on the walk he bumped his head like
20 times and kept running into things
so for that Levi's laughing about nope
okay so um I'm his teacher Rosa her
little communications all day he says my
Abadie really deserved butterscotch does
that bear that she gets to bring home
when she's a good listener yeah he says
um I acknowledge her leadership and that
she is a positive role model to her
peers she got butterscotch again nope
that's why she's got better side Oh last
time yeah he's telling us why nah hey
that's a good girl ebony look at me
that's awesome that's great news you
know what I'm so proud of you being a
good responsible right what I'm really
proud of ya I'm grabbing a view that's
my girl she's good she's strong she's
smart she's funny she's a leader and she
listened to rules and she's beautiful
and she's the most coolest girl I've
ever met in my whole life
ah ok we're accuracies teamwork what's
gonna work teamwork okay so we're gonna
plant the seeds but first we're gonna go
outside cuz I don't want to make a mess
so I me you're gonna hold that in
Malachi you're gonna hold this end we're
gonna do teamwork sit down Hawkins yonke
know all the way down you got your
walkie yeah carry it outside Ray has
come up a look you guys hard this site
heavy got it got it mom kind of needy or
not I didn't mapei you got it no but
both your hands under but both your
hands under both hands all the way up
cre go up to your room put your arms
under weight only hope he's like I don't
get it genet like this yeah like that
yeah here we go okay now you're gonna
use to work and you're gonna walk all
the way outside what's gonna work
teamwork good teamwork guys watch out
behind you happening yeah turn keep
coming dad you guys think you can put it
down together doing teamwork or no no
okay Dino take it good dog guys good
teamwork guys yeah good teamwork maokai
high five high five ah ok take the lid
off how we're gonna make it you for some
seeds it's just gonna take Levi over to
walmart while the kids were doing like
the seeds and stuff but malko got really
upset he wanted to come my bud so now
he's in the car with us and he's happy
cuz he gets to come to walmart with us
what are we going to get at walmart
malachi cuz everyone sale and when i was
here on tuesday didn't have any
it on the shelves at all anywhere so I
hope they had them now really really old
all right so what should go in you can
undo your seat belt now thank you for
waiting guy big boy in the booster seat
all right leave are you ready go
shopping here we go shopping yay
shopping and then they are in the cart
we need to go inside the store Malachi's
in the big part Levi's in the little Z I
don't know if you've ever been in the
little seat of a car before Levi yeah I
always go by myself or I put you in the
stroller how's that are you in a Gucci
cart thankies gonna kick his boot off
monkey Levi how'd you like your first
time in the cart is it fun did you like
it is your fun yeah Andy get out oh you
tired no he pay for bed so Vicki now
just as bad as the kids I move this
sandbox to make real first off and
there's like worms and bugs and stuff
like that beetle yeah looking but it's
stuck on its back oh you're not hoping
it there it does so there's all these
weird bugs a beginner like sitting here
I'll hunched over like look at that look
at that are just being jackpot for
fishing there's so many worms in here
yeah but we're like just as bad as a kid
you flip over a rock really come on
strong get our water where hey there the
worm where I'm still drowning what yes
they do they drowned in here you heard
any hit see it worms Johnny they do
that's why when you go fishing the other
thing in the water for an hour you pull
back covers all squiggly this is a still
new yeah it does those words were dead
in here well maybe the first hate that
sank a killer then with this armor
killer but they like it to be always
that's why they cover on the ring well
but if they're submerged in morrow they
don't know
they can move I don't know I don't think
so why don't you tell us put in the
comments the worm is submerged in water
for a long period of time do they
drowned
