okay today is easter sunday sunday
sunday yeah so it's resurrection sunday
and we're happy because jesus is alive
and we're going to go to church and
celebrate that and then after that we
have another family easter event so
you're probably thinking holy crap what
is up with these people they go for
friggin Easter things every five minutes
I think the last like four days of any
Easter things Ava key yeah thursday
friday saturday so the actors you had
the Easter egg hunt in eastern
decorations with malachi and stephen
right but that wasn't thursday that was
friday yeah it was thursday you did it
with Stephen and Malachi know when
friday and do hawaii idea with Braille
good friday we were all off she's right
she's right she's right she's right with
went to Puerto Pia so wednesday thursday
friday saturday and nap today we're all
doing easter stuff it's a heck of a lot
of Easter things but we love family and
we love getting together and celebrating
jesus so yeah we're gonna do it again
and it's getting pretty awesome so this
time we're just going to my parents
house and it's just gonna be my parents
and my brother and it's not like an
extended family whereas the last couple
ones where's like Vicki's extended
family and my extended family which is
really fun but we're gonna do my own
personal family this time so should be
pretty fun they're going to church
looking family uh look in my heart wife
oh my gosh so good still high good
really good here's my awesome family
walk into church hey bud
you guys having the best time in with
the stroller sister pushing of hey baby
anything good time in here really good
job pushing old is good color on me is
it hard work yeah come on guys let's go
Malik I haven't you found a cool bug to
us to show where is it on me oh yeah
nobody that Oh busted he's my not it
looks like you are come on it's going
fine for lunch guys ready to go by FISA
ah there he goes there's our new puppy
yeah a new puppy he bite you got it oh
good crowd yeah what do you need to buy
a pet dog for when he got babies they do
all the same cool tricks levi's first
time with the window down he's loving
the wind in his face
think of that big smile yeah Wendy boy
look at his hair blowing look at he
loves it is that fine you like having
the window down yeah we've got some more
wind windy windy look at all guys are in
the back with you and be like it avenue
look at her cool sunglasses oh yeah now
that you got your shoes when you're oh
yeah it's cool shades ha ha yeah nice
and oh we have such a wonderful family
there's so much fun yeah Happy Easter
happy
sir we're off to experience house we'll
go people fishing yeah with open water
whoa as you show is just like the
salvation I got the water you'll watch
it back and see I got the water in it
anyways every time you damn always wrong
hockey okay sure interrupt me gee
anyways was insane no you're not he
doesn't come open water no before that
oh Seok we're on our way to Nick's
parents house they invited us over for
an early supper since Nick's brother and
his family are down from up north
it'll be good to put it with them some
more before they head back hours and
hours away from us HCM holidays pretty
much gutted yep so now we're ready for
the long drive that's it I'm gonna go
now
I wonder if you're anything you say
because of the cars going by yeah
you like that oh he loves it look at him
so there are you so cute yeah so about
that I had to come down to bring a whole
load of stuff down cuz we're leaving my
parents house because my dad gave you a
whole bunch of awesome picture taken
stuff and I'm gonna use it for making
different videos so I'm pretty excited
about it and I got to go ahead and put
it in the car so now we're going back up
to get the rest of the stuff right now
pay ya know the one above it yeah this
one up here do you like the elevator ooh
this one which one do you think that one
that's when you guessed right
they went I doubt push this button go
all the way generate to the great 560
MOBA cow for tank seven eight nine ten
eleven to county campus car keys it
so we're going up the elevator and ready
@ Viki and have any so every time we go
somewhere the drive home doesn't matter
how long is I'm always solo this is what
Mickey sleeping how many sleeping back I
sleep in a sleeping me
awake by myself equally as tired as
everyone else trying to stay awake for
the drive home it's so brutal like I
want
I should get to take a nap but if i do
the crash the car so
I see why it should I understand that
bill entire and then we get home I gotta
help do stuff but
I just want to sleep by the time we get
home and I got a bunch of logging to do
this one behind on
so if you're watching this and you're
thinking whoa finally a video sorry we
had a really busy weekend a lot of
Easter family get-togethers something
that every one of them involved turkey
so by time you get home you're just so
tired we all the trip
anyways he got to go here's what the cat
does to my up there he's so fat not
anything but if they call me living on
me
