hey guys so today's good friday so we're
pretty excited about that because like
you've probably known as you watch our
videos who are Christians so we get
pretty pumped when there's days and
celebrate Jesus and what he's done for
us so yeah we're pretty excited about
today and we're going to celebrate with
a whole bunch of our family we're going
to go visit them and it's also Vicki's
cousins celebration combined into the
Easter celebration because he got his
PhD yeah and use a composition that's
pretty cool so congratulations Matt so
we're going to celebrate to have a look
today we got a secret gift that we're
going to give home and you guys ready
for some Easter party yeah usually Vicki
side of the family really spoils our
kids so they're probably gonna get a
bunch of presents and stuff so we'll see
I'm gonna make some bacon and eggs for
breakfast this morning for myself
because nobody else likes eggs and think
he doesn't feel like any bacon so at
least Im have to do is wear to work
Levi's playing the drums yeah one two
three four whoa that's a concentrated
look you're working as junk shakes man
yeah yeah yeah oh nice onehand happy to
see a beautiful dress you are so
beautiful hello what is he's beautiful
girl in here to me can't you see how
baby you are everything I have a hope
for you're everything I need I but you
are so beautiful to me look at her
highlights natural highlight your hair
that's pretty sweet hey Ricky yeah
it's going really nice natural
highlights okay we burn up we gotta get
ready okay bye check ya thank you looks
so pretty in that dress or that dress
looks so pretty on her she's already
beautiful that's right oh look so pretty
looking even your shoes are pretty you
got flowers on them your flower in your
hair do a twirl for us whoa we got real
fast to make control whoa nice it does
i'll show you later the video whoa you
can run fast fast fast pretty sick go
pretty sick Malachi's going in his new
race car scene thank you thank you yeah
yeah I can't run right down oh is it
coffee yeah you like it is it going to
be a good seat stop copying me yeah
mafia nigga funny yeah she thinks she's
funny too silly Daryl buckled up how is
it is that more comfy that was I you go
yeah yeah abney does hurt you yeah she
got the same sees you we are on our way
to Vicki's aunty barbs house it's like
two hours away
that are 45 minutes so that kind of
sucks but it should be a lot of fun so
we're anxiously awaiting to get there
you guys gonna watch a movie what movie
did you pick what oh sure
Oh
there's Levi looking like a conehead
baby so we just had the longest longest
drive via here we're finally here at to
pee so bad Vicky's gotta pee so bad the
traffic was terrible every time we
started up again it was ready to go
inside
so my any don has some bunnies that wish
my bunnies that had bunnies and um you
got the baby bunnies here she's giving
them away to people that want them um so
she brought them here to the family
function first and so the kids are just
enjoying having you here mean they're so
cute that's big business ooh money
there's a bunny another bunny baby song
there's two bunnies yeah stichweh coming
I enjoy huge it has a baby really cutie
you want the camera yeah here with me
let's look at that brainy there's a cute
bunny Avenue using sticks his hand here
comes the bunny like a little hard
nuggets pretty cute bunnies hey guys you
gotta be really gentle though cuz
they're fragile bones you could sit on
the floor they'll come to you yeah guys
no of course you look come see you
coming right around and he'll coming hey
hey you gotta be patient they're just
gonna go explore first look explore and
then they'll start coming up behind you
sit on your bum and look come to see you
see how long you can see how long you
can see it before because these units
like the
yeah cuz widow Abby you're surrounded by
bunnies oh sorry white one do you like
that one you can't squish it though if
you listen if it wants to go you got to
let it go because there really a fragile
and have really gentle bones so you
can't break them really easy yes he's
stayin oh there's the two kinky stir
girls with her bunnies daddy Maddie let
go yeah okies please not real to carpet
let it go it's the popular way so the
hiring that we took here that sucked is
now closed because there was an accident
on it so we gotta follow Vicki sister
down to her house and then take back
roads all the way home oh yeah back all
the videos
okay let's get going here's some of the
joys of living in the country you get
nice open field with farms and sunsets
it's beautiful
it's way nicer than the dumb city drive
i had on the way there i'm going to take
the back roads from now on is normally
work with all the traffic and cars and
buildings and shopping and it's just
horrible it drives me nuts I don't know
why all that busyness of everyone's got
to get there first and get on my way
it's so frustrating Ted's but this way
there's like not another car on the road
I'm just relaxing enjoying the scenery
of the sunset over there it's just gone
over the hill come back although these
farmlands I think it's really nice I
feel like you're finally away from it
all so yeah don't take those some thai
ways take the back roads okay nami story
ha
rock on a pic
