this is juana Levi's most favorite
things to do now he just so curious he
doesn't know looking at the window don't
you we love doing that I just put him in
there because I was getting him some new
clothes and it's hard to hold him in one
arm cuz he's getting so big and heavy
now so I just put him in there while I
picked about some clothes so we're after
I change his diaper and he's having just
the greatest time he loves it okay guys
come on in and find riester eggs mm-hmm
key guy look see where you can find them
Oh Malik guys got 1k Brielle keep
looking do you see one do you see my net
put over there on the chair you see one
on the chair bring out that one okay
keep looking you got two more to find
Brielle two more yeah oh look great look
right there yes nothing another one
Brielle look right in front of you look
at the picture of Levi you found it you
got to that's right now I gotta find one
more to make it three you found it was
that fun
yeah you want to eat it okay you guys
can both have one before lunch okay just
one you know one okay come to the table
and eat it okay he won he he's thirsty
ha hebert what do you say when you burp
Oh what do you say when you broke
Malachi kill me excuse me that's right
good girl Bree oh you guys are silly so
you tell me a story later brio oh ok you
all your lunch now nah ok how I say we
geek wigs oh really quick ok don't put
the straw in your mouth ok tell me story
your ma and Mike are not picking and he
hey hey back over here um okay say bye
no oh you like the camera on you like
the camera Oh watching over CT okay say
cheese you're so cute mm-hmm you want to
work it along my top you want to lick it
Hey look what well my pinky week what I
won't you good with your finger
Oh like you're fake so tonight's family
movie night we're going to watch the
lego movie at the movie theater but
Levi's going to Angie aunt's house yeah
so he's walking over there now then I go
back to get the kids we're gonna drive
over the theater watch movie so we're
off to the movies and after I dropped
off Levi he was just screaming and
gripping onto me with dear life and
crying is not because he didn't want to
be left there but Vicki said the last
time she dropped him off he was the same
way but he was fine a perfect is right
mm-hmm so you guys ready for the lego
movie what are you gonna have for a
snack popcorn we're pretty excited
everybody I think this is the first time
just the four visit done oh yeah that's
right and if we saw something else we
saw toy story your toy story was Malcolm
here for that yeah this is first movie
Irina Z is 1 so we just finished the
movie it was really funny I was an
awesome it was more for adults i think
it was like there was a lot of hidden
stuff and then it made us laugh my kids
were like what you know dirty thank you
know it wasn't dirty you know some using
movies like our pics are I guess they do
those dirty ones like not much like an
appropriate jokes that's nice talking at
all do you know I mean no I mean funny
jokes and like certain characters that
the kids don't even know about that we
know about like Wonder Woman all like
yeah things like that like you know
those Pixar movies they'll be like son
of a donkey but like everybody knows was
supposed to be in that liar yeah
something like that anyways but the kids
are really tired aren't you tired nice
your bedtime yeah yeah view the end like
probably 20 minutes before it actually
and I um ebony and milk I both came and
sat on our labs because they're just
like they're just so tired so now we're
going to pick up Levi and it's only
eight o'clock I thought it was gonna be
a lot later but they didn't show any
preview so it's kinda I said it was just
a movie right away um but yeah lego
movie was pretty good you liked it kids
some said that they want to buy it so
it's a tough break we forget not a
netflix um but happen he laughed a lot
to in the beginning and then near the
end she got too tired he was gonna fine
you know I liked it a lot yeah me too
it's good night
why
now fine
