so this morning i woke up its mid-april
now so spring is in full force and look
at what I got greeted by from Mother
Nature a snowy crappy day I'm like are
you freaking kidding me look at the
story no like it's got to be a joke
right this is a joke we're dreaming is
horrible so yeah I'm driving to work in
is the biggest snowstorm and it's a love
is slippery cars are driving bad like
nothing is working out it's really
frustrating but hey I think tomorrow is
supposed to be plus 2n so figure that it
really sucks hey bye bye welcome to
Canada it is April fifteenth and it is
not a spring day at all as you can see
I'm wearing my winter coat and just
check out what's behind the door is that
not ridiculous look at all this snow
rating is covered in snow again and it's
snowy you can see the snow falling down
yeah its snowy it's April and it's
snowing welcome to good old Canadian
weather now if I wait to do here all by
yourself nobody helped you nobody helped
you look my agent all by himself hey
that role puzzle he didn't ask for help
once he put every single piece in good
job buddy high five yeah he's so proud
come on Mike Witt Malik I mean yeah
triangle he made triangle out of his
fishies
with comedy 3 remember one way at the
top I'm on point here got three sides to
a triangle I love candy looks really
good bud Hey look at avenues really cool
book that she did at school so it's each
color so blue and red make purple that's
really cool I said I don't even know
what certain colors you put together to
make a color that you want iron you know
how to do that so I'm learning to and we
did a little craft today we did like the
different seasons and I like not very
it's kind of confusing for this craft
cuz I'm like well what's its picture to
show me I mean like what season 8 sit
there like spring and I'm like well no
it's actually just a winter but yes
you're right to the snow on the ground
today so that it would be spring but
this is what we did so there's like
Chris all your winter pictures this is
all cut out for a magazine and then
you've got your spring pictures and then
you've got your summer and then you got
your phone yeah so was good it was a fun
craft for the case to do my name is
learning at the same time so my cousin's
go to school and it sound that I work in
and so I drove home they live across the
street for me so I drove all the way
home after work and I forgot I was
supposed to pick one of them up from the
school afterwards so I got all the way
home and I'm about to get out of the car
and go inside the house and then I get a
message from her she's like hey so don't
forget to pick me up at five it was like
five i was already
home and I was like no so now I gotta
drive all the way back and pick her up
and drive all the way back on friggin
sucks and now it sucks because I'm gonna
have to drive home and rush hour traffic
so like when I leave work I get to miss
all the big traffic now i'm going to be
stuck in the worst traffic make it home
like an hour later than go home dang it
was so grouchy today I'm tired already I
guess the appositive i will not be tired
and frustrated and stuff i'll be happy
and joyful i change my mindset sometimes
when you get into a bad place you're
just going to change your mindset try
and refocus you know
take a deep breath
I am happy
okay buddy okay so leave I came over to
me and you put this book on my lap and
you slapped me and it goes up up and you
want me to read him a book so we read
this book together so good morning hey
what are you trying to do got you here I
guess you're here I get your hair I got
you here oh don't bite everything hey no
don't buy that hey no don't like that
don't beat the couch ah he can't have it
no you can have it yeah look look you
can't have it no haha no daddy Oh make
sure he's meaningful you're not though I
know you have to bring you see me ah
yeah
are you gonna take a step you guys even
stuff so after my stressful drive I came
all the way home with that got Jess I
went oh and they came all the way back
home I'm so stressed but like I revamped
myself with that little speech I gave
myself and then I get home and Vicki
made tacos which I love and on top of
that she made homemade salsa and it was
amazing she makes the best salsa she
used all these pampered chef tools and
stuff like that to make it all good but
his is so good so I just want to tell
her i love you Vicki you're the best
wife ever I value and appreciate
everything you do thank you I do I know
that al are so much like a breakdance
for you oh yeah oh he slips whoa See Mom
listen to split
