so we have to drive to Whitby today
we're going to my cousin's fiancees
bridal showers so it should be fun
looking forward to it
Albany gets to to see her cousins so
she's excited about that showers are a
girly thing so the boys are at home with
Daddy they should have fun today - so
I've lost my memory cards Thank You
memory cards that I stood right there
and that's where I put them all like
just line them up so I don't lose them
ya know it sucks because the one card
that I use is their micro SD so you just
stick the little card there so the one
SD card that I have the little lock
switch on is busted so I can't delete
videos off of it
when I plug it into my computer so I'm
running out of space quickly but the
boys are playing with our race car
tracks big boys we set them all up as I
like all these tracks and then maokai
just put them all back in after we
finish out he's gonna ring today I do
you got any my car tracked in all right
bud
so you brought them inside yeah yeah I
got that piece yeah so I got it for you
okay yeah there is dirt right there so I
had to reach up and get it for him yep I
found one yes it was in one of my old
sweater pockets that I was wearing
before so I wear my sweaters more than
once and then Vicky will hang them Holly
ain't wear and then put it on the floor
then Vicky will hang it out and then I
won't know that I already wore that
sweater was it clean so sometimes I'll
put stuff in the pockets and then later
on I'll realize hey that's where I
wasn't washed so the stuff where the
 is still in there so that's where
it was that all made sense what I would
say I was just gonna be one second I'm
just gonna get a drink and then come
down we're gonna play croquet no okay
we're gonna play some pro bono if you
don't know that it is get ready because
it's gonna be awesome okay so here's
what Kirk annoys you're trying to try to
click these little pieces into the
center like yes oh yeah so if not guy
flicks this one on I can't get it for
the center unless I flick his off oh
yeah sorry funky actually we have big
turns of it with our family and nice one
like this came out fish you gotta put it
up on top of here don't throw the core
again you try too much cable guys can I
pick them on the floor that's Maddie and
here's an avenue and they're getting
ready for a sleepover and this is what
they do when they go down a hill
okay Levi and I are playing a rolling
game on here ready ready
you like that
so I'm driving to Grandma's house to go
and bring a bunny her clothes and her
toothbrush and her jammies and stuff
like that and a couple stuffed animals
for her to have a sleepover with her
cousin at her grandma's house so she's
really happy and excited she's there
right now but because it wasn't planned
exactly we were gonna we I came home and
got her stuff so I'm just gonna go drop
it off to her now is yeah she's doing
should be fine this is one year see it's
not like little ears little pointy ear
to hear despite just put a little
chocolate chips on it and a second cat
wasn't planned
