just driving back on my lunch break from
on work and over the hill I'm noticing
there's like a huge cloud of smoke there
must be like a mega fire or something
I'm gonna show you in a second I'm just
getting to the top of the hill you can
kind of see it above that car right
there but man I just had a top of
another Hill and it was like full force
it is like crazy-looking come on lights
change okay we're about to come over the
hill oh my goodness there's like a
massive explosion or something
check that out
that's like a mega fire
like somebody's house is completely
burning to the ground oh my goodness
I'm not gonna go all the way down there
just because I don't want to get stuck
and I want I gotta be back for work yeah
I wish it and that's a bit of work I go
down there and check it out I gotta get
back I'm only on my lunch break
but man there is something huge going on
down there check that out
yeah it's manly I'm really glad that I'm
not great no oh man I hope everybody's
okay hope nobody's hurt or anything like
that so yeah
may I she's prayed for them real quick
God please just like whoever is down
there should be with them keep them safe
keep them out of harm's way and let them
all bill to just return home and have a
crazy cool story about like a crazy fire
that happen or something
amen got my lunch break and I got some
french fries these are my favorite fries
in my area but there's another chip
truck at this flea market they would go
to you and the fries are so much bad
like the best chip truck fries ever they
have another chip truck that we go to
sometimes at the fair that we go to in
our town but they're so bad I know like
the longest line up for them but they're
so bad compared to these and the ones at
the flea market but yeah these ones are
really good I gotta go cuz they had to
eat them I can't talk anymore must heat
fries so it's my birthday today and my
sweet daycare boy came in with flowers
for me is so sweet so they're right here
and it seen our flowers so I'm going to
open them up see what color they are
my bonds ready are they yellow okay oh
they're nothing look I'm wearing pink
today Pink's my favorite color and I
have a pink camera too hey did you know
pink was my favorite color did you know
that Steven yeah all right let's put
them in the Navy are my beautiful pink
flowers green on them too my special
birthday flowers from my special daycare
boy
Thank You Steven mm-hmm so that fire
that I was talking you guys about
earlier turns out it was a church that
was on fire it was like a
hundred-year-old church in a caught on
fire I don't know what exactly happen
yet cuz I haven't seen a news report
about it
Hey he was totally burned down I watched
a little bit online of the church being
burned and there was like so many fire
trucks so like it was completely on fire
but it was like a historic site like a
landmark so it's a real bummer that I
think
but yeah it's too bad but on the
brighter side of things
today's Vicky's birthday and I just got
back from our favorite Chinese food
restaurant so I got that and we're gonna
go home and chow down I'm really excited
for the Chinese food actually see ya I
decided for my birthday lunch that I was
gonna make homemade pancakes for the
kids with them chocolate chips and
blueberries in them so they're really
excited so I didn't plan this but one of
my panic cakes looks like a cat so I
just put some chocolate chips on it to
make it look more like a cat face but
this is one year see it's got like
little ears like little pointy ears
right here so I just put those chocolate
chips on it now it looks like a cat
wasn't planned I was gonna do a video of
the kids enjoying their pancakes but
they enjoyed them a little too quickly
cuz they're all gone they eat them all
all gone here's mine and you can see
them chocolate chip my favorite give me
um okay we're really good chocolate eggs
your favorite to you mm-hmm
here we good so we're outside at the
beach on this beautiful sunny day a
little bit windy but it's so really
really nice um you guys are you sitting
here we enjoying the weather and then
they get here and they're throwing rocks
in the open water now and still looking
for seashells stuff like that we don't
think anybody's on the ice today because
it looks a big rock let's see oh that
was a big splash that was a big rock no
guys can throw in oh there you go oh I
think I got my camera we don't think
anybody's on the ice today though I
think it's not very safe anymore since
the open water is here now we were here
just the other day and this was all ice
and they were like walking on the shore
now there's all water weather trampoline
is just one big giant playpen for babies
yeah he's actually bouncing a little bit
on there do
like it's all closed in he's just lying
around sitting around hello
we can do in whoa think that don't see
what what baby on the trampoline Knicks
home and he's bringing home Chinese -
for my birthday dinner he's just rolling
around yeah where is taking him so long
hey daddy we want our food okay
over there he knows you're home he's
already whining yeah yeah okay okay not
you must bouncy leave I believe you love
me or something
boys laughing this is gonna be a bouncy
video
here you guys sing happy birthday happy
birthday to you happy birthday happy
birthday happy you guys you guys must be
singing happy birthday to you
mark are you wanna help my blow them out
oh there you go xxx scratch down is this
29 thank you
I'm not much of a birthday cake
decorator as you could probably tell I
mean yours is good
all these scribbles cuz they cake okay
no cake for anyone I'm just kidding just
kidding
anyway we do it are you playing in there
are you playing in there
