so if you're wondering what we do in the
weather gives me this is it we sit
inside a hammock great yeah call summer
we just hang out a hammock hey summer
time right yeah not yes springtime but
soon it'll be summer time but we're just
getting ready right and relax in our you
like sitting in the hammock what's your
favorite part sure dad are you i miss
your favorite yeah all right what for
one for you one for years like I hi mom
Oh Vicki's the worst cooking bacon I
think it's good there's a nail right now
okay let's see them and another nail in
here let's see the bacon I didn't do it
oh yeah that actually looks perfect
Jesus just say it okay normally she
burns the bacon so bad right Vicki or
not yeah plenty other hey Avenue working
right here there's not room for you
you want to come in to hammer yeah this
room don't pick such a bully there's
always room for ebony black I have to
fear I know but you can't now cuz
happens coming to come pitbull i'm off
to going another outing tonight that's
three nights in a row that i've been out
of the house but nicks I didn't mind
handling bedtime tonight that I could
head out to costco and I'm going to
reconnect with another old friend of
mine Allie why not and so I'm excited to
see her and catch up with her because
it's been years and years and years like
I don't even know how long since I last
um connected with her so like I don't
know I used to do I'm junior high group
with her so that was like 12 years ago
or something like that now so it'll be
really cool to see her and just catch up
on everything going on her life so I
will introduce you to her later so
Vicky's left against you that's every
night this week with and she left me
with this what he only wants me to pick
him up he never sits down myself see
watch watch this can you went up what up
yeah yeah I got you I got ya that better
cuz the only time he comes down and I
get so tired of holding cuz I literally
will hold him for like four hours aye
caramba so we just finished at costco
and this is the first time that I went
to costco where it was not busy so if
you're looking to go to costco and not
get run over by cards go on a wednesday
evening because it was awesome I've
never been able just to like browse like
that it was amazing it was really good
anyway so I wanted to juicy to my friend
Alli she's here same as I me in the van
we're secretly filming because there's
so many cars around and it's
embarrassing doing it in front of people
so um a nice all the studs camera our
way Holly and um yeah we've been trying
to get what women trying to get together
but we haven't been how do I get along
better after a while but yeah nice and
how do I know you oh you're my youth
leader a long time ago I was like 12
years ago these right yeah that's crazy
time look how grown up she is now she's
not the kid that we made eat McDonald's
in a blender and like and I vomited I
thought have to go home when you said I
shouldn't missing all the fact is a
great yeah we have really good like fun
memories sure sure hey let's go and now
she's back in town and so we thought
well let's reconnect 10 min a costco
visit right exactly who doesn't know I'm
coming i said to her i said well I'd
love to get together tonight my head
plants go to cross them like you want to
come she's like I like I get so excited
about going to costco that's what our
life is gonna know now they get older
like going to costco has a cosco but
they do have some really good deals and
I'm really excited because I got a jean
jacket and I don't want you jean jacket
for a while now so we can wear them and
match I've gotta help Eddie Gaven she's
in her jean jacket or what although mine
start it's true so what i heerd if we
wear it ok jessica totally pull it off
so now we are going ok so we just
finished we were to set Carter's and
Oshkosh and because it's like right
across from costco how convenient and I
just did my return because I bought new
raincoats um at costco i returned the
raincoats a card is ok i returned the
raincoats that i bought at carters
oshkosh that were like ten dollars and
twelve dollars more um so I basically
just like got money back because I paid
for those with that money and then extra
so it's great we need a profit though I
really positive binary codes so that was
really good and
now we're going to go to the mall before
it closes and we're going to run into
bailiffs because i had bought a pair of
shoes for a Bonnie and they were like
regular 1799 which was fine because she
names like nice Seattle school with her
cute easter dress and I realized I had a
thirty percent off coupon for regular
price item and it expires on the
twentieth of April so I was like I
totally want to go back and like return
the shoes and rebuy them once you cover
so Ali's willing to go with me to the
mall now I'm gonna learn gonna learn how
many icon yeah that's right I'm the
expert and the kids really wanted to go
on their scooters so there's Malachi on
his scooter
