so my friend Carrie from work is going
to show me how to kind of improve our
backyard to make a look a little nicer
because of my last video so here's kind
of what it looks like right now 360 view
damn damn it looks really bad I want to
kind of like do something around here or
something I don't know I don't know what
to do if you have any suggestions on how
to make our backyard look cool just put
it in the comments let me know because
we're open to ideas and we're really bad
at this kind of stuff so we don't know
what to do so if any ideas just put it
in the comments let us know so we are
outside enjoying this beautiful day it's
so nice and sunny it's just gorgeous out
here it's not even really that windy
just need a light jacket she's perfect
we need a hat and the kids really wanted
to go on their scooters so I said that
they could have you found their helmets
and they're having a blast so yeah
there's Malachi on his scooter we show
how good you are malachite let's see
show how good you are okay go
good job hey Avenue I see you much
better keep practicing and then Stevens
waiting patiently for his turn he gets
the scooter on the way back when he's
having fun jumping in puddles in his
brain food so Stevens having his turn
now in Malachi just taking it easy in
the stroller and Malachi in a stroller
with Neve I leave I kicked his boots off
already didn't you miss her did you kick
your boots off did you pick your boots
off and it's stephen and happen E
Stevens get his turn on the scooter I
told he she had a spinner inside all
winter cuz you got her first birthday of
my birth um so now we'll see how she
reacts to explain it outdoors here's my
old crappy dress shoes to come to leave
falling apart and here's my new dress
shoes look at all sharp thanks bye you
buy me the best dress shoes if they're
really nice she Vicky's moms always
buying me like shoes and clothes and
stuff like that and she always picks
like perfect fit sizes I don't know how
she does it so she Bobby those dress
shoes in their perfect fairy off the bat
really grateful what she bought you a
size eight and i'm told her it was nice
well in return so many not perfect every
time she is really awesome but she's
always buying me my stuff and I really
appreciate it but yeah my dress shoes
were complete garbage before I Vicki and
we were complaining about the nanos me i
was thinking like I don't want to buy
another pair of dress shoes there's so
much money and she got me those lists
ism is just because she wasn't a gift
and I really appreciate it rockdale yeah
but she still just thought of me God no
there's really nice it's really nice ok
so I keep taking something out of this
box and you guys laughing whoa
levi's a fan of pampered chef he's funny
okay so we got a new TV take that to TV
you guys excited okay so we finished
putting the TV together all nice and
cozy are you guys are you guys think
about the TV good yeah is it good yeah
he's bigger than the other one he do it
cannot be here it is obviously gonna
make it look nicer but we just did it
real quick but it's pretty good it only
cost 170 bucks so I'm not complaining at
all I am finally getting together with
my good friend from a long time ago JT
it's like impossible to get hold of this
girl but finally we are meeting up and
we're going out for coffee well not
coffee for me cuz I'm drink coffee but
we're gonna go meet up at timmys and
finally be able to catch up so I'm
really excited i guess i'm in the car my
friend jamie and we just had a really
good visit it's now eleven o clock wave
has Jamie's bedtime now passed mine i'm
usually in bed pretty late but I was
really really good to catch up and we
were talking and it's been so long since
we last saw each other cuz it's my
friend a new here um but your son's now
22 and when did I last see you I was
born yeah he was probably like two yeah
I I met callie i haven't even met her
son yet is that not pathetic I just I
just couldn't believe it that has been
that long and you wet I haven't met me
to either
but they went met either of you know Oh
Mike I met Malachi when he was just a
little baby oh that's right yeah one yes
and he's he's three now oh it's so bad
right but I mean at least we can still
we can still connect and you know it's
like no time has come by you know you
just kind of kitchen that's why we
needed to be together for what was it
like two hours yeah and we're probably
probably still gonna talk longer but
it's just past our bedtime yeah well
that is forcing us to get together again
so it's all good but um yeah thank you
guys I wanted to show you my friend
teeny and I'm so glad we could finally
get together and she's ready for bed
yeah I rates in I did
