Levi is in the bedroom having a nap and
Malachi was just wearing a t-shirt and
he was like I'm really really cold so I
didn't want to go in the room and wake
up Levi or risk waking up Levi so I just
went into our bedroom I granton one of
Nick's letter so you can see I'm so
happy is it a little bit big yeah hey
come back here Joe everybody show this
please it's so cute it goes all the way
down to your toes you didn't have your
gum eat yes over here at his car get me
he forgot to have it this morning okay
I'll get it for you earlier today we
decided to go for a walk because this
afternoon it's supposed to pour rain so
we decided let go if I in the morning
when it was really nice out and we
walked down to the beach and it was like
pretty open a little bit ice but you
could walk on the whole shore part at
all like the seashells and everything
we're all dried up on the new on the
online and all the rocks yeah so we
decided to let go down there we pick
some seashells are just going to show
you what we found today so cool so we've
got like our little snail shells that we
found you can see them there look at
this one this one's really big oops
don't like that big we don't let them
cook we don't want them to break that's
great cute they look cute yeah maybe
turbo lived in one of them yeah and
there's our seashells and really cool
mal cossacks a sore is orange on some of
them which is what what do you like
about words like the orange oh you or to
wake them back and great are your wet
what are they pay your let's take on
your favorite colors I think is favorite
colors change every day so it's a gloomy
day outside today
not very much nice weather like we've
been having the last couple of days so a
little bit gray ivory is still not
feeling good should I take two days off
of school already then tomorrow actually
and then you get to go back school after
that though yeah how'd you do how would
you say if I you're too tired to play
cards today Oh Stephen wise bummer
that's too bad I wanted to give a shout
out to Elizabeth Elizabeth I think your
last name is guiles no we haven't met
you before but you're friends with my
brother who lives up north with all
these different missionaries and stuff
like that and just people that live up
north I guess I guess everyone I'm doing
or this isn't a missionary but we thank
you for watching our Channel so much it
means so much to us they tell us that
you really like you watch all of our
videos we appreciate it we value you yes
no no so I'm at work and Oh sudden I get
an email from Vicki she's like I pushed
myself in the face and my jaw is
throbbing cuz you gonna tell us what
happened hey see if a little background
of it to nick and i watch the movie with
kevin james here comes the boom and it
was all about like why are you trying to
move no it was all about like UFC and
wrestling and sad news like raising
money so that the teacher in school when
there's his job it was really actually
really good movie and like Nick loves
UFC and whenever okay whenever he I
remember like when we first got married
used to watch it a lot he hasn't washed
it recently I think it kind of inated
the flame again but I totally forgot but
I remembered it all came flooding back
to me after when he was like oh y'all
will go up
or whatever and all those little moves
that you do because he was doing that to
me last night cuz he was all pumped up
from watching it and stuff and I
remember that he did that before um
anyway so if we were joking about it and
he was like have you ever been punched
in the face before I was like no and I
was like I wouldn't want like yeah I was
really hurt and then today I'm city of
this nature and I had long sleeves on
earlier I had punched her in the face no
stay yeah and I was rolling my sleeves
up to wash dishes yeah I when I went to
all my sleeve I don't have this cookie
yeah and my hand slipped and I mean like
more oh my goodness and my jaw hurts so
bad yes scoping two advils because my
head was throbbing from it like
immediately I got a headache that's what
it's like to get punched in the face
hurts bad hurts really bad Roger Gideon
punch like 10 times maybe like those
guys in your seeing a punch they get
fresh like a hundred times your face
crazy it hurts so bad
you
