so last night we were playing video
games so like midnight and it was so
much fun that I went to bed and happy
was in our bed and vicki was like I
don't think happened he's feeling very
well and it turns out she has a fever
and we were going to surprise the kids
today with a trip to the Zetas oh and
now I can't so we're pulled really glad
it's going to be like plus 10 today all
day and setting so I wasn't perfect but
I'm really glad that we didn't tell them
before him to Carl she wouldn't go upset
so she's on my bed sleeping still with a
fever so it sucks but um I got a bunch
stuff I could do around the house and
you ain't so milk i got a new chair for
the car so we're gonna open that up and
show show you guys with the new trail
but it's pretty cool it's like a racing
car seat okay so yeah well show you that
well but all guys got a new chair black
blue and black it's really excited this
for this car seat because he doesn't
need a baby shower scene anymore he's a
big boy oh it looks cool looks like
we'll have to put something together
look at peace whoa oh god feels that
that's everything yeah we oh we got back
together okay so we'll put together then
we'll show you it looks like okay
there's no kise nu race cards here yeah
it's like a race car how do you like it
is it comfy yeah dink I'll be good in
the car it's got cupholders two right
here you could put drinks there
yeah yeah you got one on both sides yeah
there's one of this I do are you here
that's a cool chair Malachi why you wait
good counting yeah I don't think we need
that piece that's like there's use the
big boy buckles that are in the car
already oh well we had a good heart yeah
do you like it yeah it's cool man okay
okay be sighs yeah hi go that's the part
that attaches to the buckle the boys in
hammocks together because it's a nice
sunny day it's for being in here yeah is
that bad I guess you don't remember last
summer you were in here a lot with me
and with daddy's look on daddy life oh
your love with him in sir yeah is it huh
was it and with malachi do it in the
hammock hi-yah climbing up the emek
climbing up dammit climbing up dammit
and glide down spring cleaning ah cool
huh clean out the gutters
I think somebody's have their nap soon
all right laying back to my laundry
Usain by my camera maybe you didn't
whine at the camera I'm holding it yeah
can you with me yeah must be you find
that daddy that's what it is maokai is
playing in the puddle hey look there's a
bird over there see I bring it back look
over there see you bring about oh I just
flew away near mine does that deep
puddle maokai oh yeah you cracked it
trying to go clean the East Ross there d
impactful it's crap and it's getting
really rainy and stuff so I don't want
to get some sort of water problem all
right I'm gonna punch them alki in the
face with my shadow down there can't see
it what good would be fine once more
Levi okay for the room I daddy go Levi
more
no thank you so bad hey no no worse okay
oh don't have to hey guys no sticky
fingers oh I'll be right back wha oh no
Levi what are you looking at hmm this is
all to sit down now
mama I don't know I'm sure this thing
ball that was the right in his first
time before so our walkway to our house
is completely mud they look at it get to
wear rubber boots to get to our door
tried to make this like temporary
walkway which really looks horrible but
this spring when everything dries up I'm
gonna have to make something nicer but
for now this is gonna have to do
otherwise you'd be like with your shoes
and walking like this sinking into stuff
wait okay oh wait wait oh hell yeah so
we made this right bud looks pretty good
pretty good for mine yeah so you don't
step in the mud right yeah mom's gonna
be upset she's made this looks horrible
what are you gonna do you gotta have
something else people are gonna get
grossed like muddy feet soon as they
come to house dad even funny
you
