so daddy and Levi are gonna stay home
while i take the kids to a couple of
stores in the mall to see if we can find
some great waste car he wants a green
race car um so what are you gonna do I'm
going to just relax all day afternoon
you take a nap with Levi excuse me hey
he said he wants to stay home and not
come with us because he has lots to do
around the house today hey cuz I made me
a big giant mess and every cleaned it up
so I gotta clean up I know before the
mass was made you said you wanted to
stay home and get stuff done yeah but I
can't now cuz I clean up your bed don't
worry about mess did you get sucked in
well I gotta clean up because people are
coming over it's not me Walter Oh barely
Mackey's coming over Rocky's yeah well I
guess it's my fault cuz I might've been
taking all day that's gonna be in the pc
so I said yeah but also my brother's
coming over for a little news yeah yeah
we're big fans of our channel apparently
yeah Oh Canadian family look subscribe
because grab yet we're going to get
punished subscribers by the end of
Vicki's birthday month my birthday soon
which is this month so subscribe now
subscribe now yes I'm going to take the
kids out and see we can get some rain
boots and raincoats because all the ones
that they have do not fit Malachi's is a
size 2 and he's worried like a size four
now so he needs a new one he's running
on how staying around to Green race cars
but I can't put the camera on him
because he's running around underwear I
don't think I see that so yeah well let
you know how our shopping adventure goes
at the mall in Malachi is trying to eat
these skittles
before they melt in mummys hand so he's
putting like two in his mouth at a time
Oh whole bunch in your mouth all at once
oh no he's trying to eat them really
fast so we can go
okays skittle smile okay here ya look at
mommy's hands are all different colors
here we go oh not too many at one time
or gay
here they are skittles yum yum they good
so today I'm a bunch of guys coming over
we're going to play video games for my
gamer channel gamers vantage point and
we still have it you're probably going
to laugh at this but we still have a
tube TV downstairs I doubt really bad
right so all the stuff that i use for
gaming requires hdmi cable so the stupid
tube TV doesn't have any cable because
it's so old so i have to bring our small
TV from up in her bedroom downstairs
move this tube TV somewhere else and the
wii's up series by the bedroom too so i
gotta disconnect all that bring it down
like it's a big it's a big hurrah so
it's going to take me a while to do all
that stuff and it's hard because this
guy decided not to have a long nap yeah
okay good day so now I have to try and
do all that stuff with him lulululu at
Toys R Us Malachi's picking out a
booster seat Louie black he's really
excited are you doing you want to sit in
it oh you want to bring it home yeah
well guess what this piece of paper is
gonna let us bring it home should we go
take up to the front and get it yeah
yeah okay are you excited I a big boy
you're a big boy that's why you get the
booster seat mm-hmm okay so Levi and I
are gonna try to tidy up those chairs
little bit before mommy gets old yeah
hey these are really cuddly Leigh loves
me so much lately I don't know what it
is you probably do it out of here but
like I don't get it so Isaac and I are
gonna go get some pizza for our video
game thing never do it you're pretty
exciting huh I'm pretty excited I'm
really hungry actually I want some pizza
right now
I tried ordering it online but like
couldn't get to work no matter what I
did and last time I phone in and
ordering the person could not speak
English and I was like can I have no
cheese on my half and they said yeah
sure and what did I get to put goat
cheese on my half it was gross how do
you mistake no cheese for goat cheese
and so I had to wait for like 30 minutes
from there making a whole other pizza so
I'm like I'm just going to go there and
order it face to face that way if they
screw it up we had everything for free
it's not like what I'm getting it for
free no matter what well maybe not but
I'm gonna try that's useful
you
