havanese waiting for her rod and this is
how I find her a little tired today
Avenue D pan on a trampoline you guys
been standing like this for the past 10
minutes he just moved the curtain and
he's looking out the window he's just
talking to weigh out the window i means
i'm wit fun i actually got him dressed
like that this morning I changed his
diaper and everything with him just
standing up like that in the crib what
do you see what do you see bud hmm are
you having fun yeah hello say hello say
hi say hi yeah you having fun you
getting so big haha guys getting so big
I actually just put him in the crib
because when I was wholly him picking
out his clothes out of the cupboard he
decided to fight my shoulder so I was
like here you sitting here and then he's
like having so much fun in there I broke
the tap on our Brita filter and it's
actually stuck on the brita filter now
because I literally like snap the handle
right off and so as you can see here
it's like broken right off like i don't
know how i did it i just turned it and
just like broke right off in my hand so
this is the what it's stuck on so
actually to fill up this thing to wash
the dishes I am I got I got the bottom
of the big humidifier and I filled it up
from the bathtub and then carried it
over to the kitchen sink because it
would take less time then
try and fill it up with just the brita
filtered water and you want to waste
that either oh that's the other timer
because we're baking you some cookies
for our family movie night this friday
but sure light on I don't think they're
done yet I think they might need a
little bit longer yeah they look a
little bit doughy still well I do not
put your hand near the oven the woman to
that looks a little bit much looks messy
but they'll taste yummy even though yeah
um hey haven't I manly and gentle o ye
thank you clean up oh okay yeah um
before the other time are really
interrupted me I forget I was talking
about this safe right yeah so anyways
I'm hoping that they will take it back
and replace it for me because those
things are not cheap um so I will have
to let you know what they do that for me
it's family movie night they give me
some cookies in a video what she did a
video about it you probably just watched
spaghetti I thought were ever meatballs
with spaghetti Oh whichever meatballs
are cookies maybe better say cookies
cookie step um i was gonna try and make
potato chips tonight but now that they
can make a huge on know if i will cuz
Vicki's got this pampered chef thing and
what it is is like make me a slicer and
you put your I don't even know how to
explain it is some mandolin great so
it's called mandolin I know but it looks
like so it looks like a mandolin and you
just like this thing and he looks nice
slice slice slice slice slice and it
makes a really thin potatoes and then
you can put them in the oven and make
chips
I'm not doing it my friend I did it in
the microwave last time and it took like
bring in 20 minutes to make one tray of
chips which is literally one hand full
shift in your mouth and I'm like I'm not
going to take me years to make a bag of
chips so I'm going to try and slice them
with the spice or mandolin thing but I'm
not going to put it in the microwave i'm
going to put in the oven on two sheets
of baked cookie tray for like two hours
an hour we take I then try save the
chips for family instead what do you
think about that paper chef to come
quite an experiment yeah so we'll see if
that works better just because and the
microwave started getting so hot no this
is weird they want to do it so I got
home from work today and look what was
in the mail are ah zoo what do you call
this newsletter so we gotta lose water
from the zoo and the gorilla had a baby
yeah gorilla baby and the zebras had a
baby and they're just coming out with a
new zip line right might be pretty cool
I panda there's a panda reader to bindus
yeah there was a baby polar bear and a
baby panda last year right yeah we'll
see maybe we'll see those next time we
go yeah there's a mouthful hey the quiz
hey hey buddy oh yeah little book I
don't know I saw this video are what's
that cheerful word shorts or something
it's called border shorts or shorts
anyway stay out of Josh grobin 1 and
since in a fat josh groban stuff cycle
ahead that is company three's company to
come and knock amato I'll be waiting for
you did it it it it did it did it did it
is you too yeah we should watch that
tonight I'm gonna start watching that
tonight good bye Siena daddy yeah oh
yeah someone water dick to drink daily
to me hey oh no this time denied hey
here with some more what's a more ready
hey
yeah tomorrow my dad is rim my hey be i
don't you put it on me i'm not wearing
it for my own sake yeah you yeah he ya
know puted oh my goodness you the camera
but my head says you wanted a video it
yes you did you do it I'm taking it off
no we're still funny you laughing at me
you're never to me Japanese like trying
to get all the boys of the head days
please put it on Levi I took it off no
it's for girls laughing now then hey
that's for girls only what are you get
your diaper changed are you gonna get
your diaper changed yeah whoa really are
you gonna have a jammies on to get both
you're gonna have family movie night are
you laughing at what are you laughing at
here comes a tickle spider here comes a
tickle spider Oh
oh he's excited for a family baby so
Vicki and I are about to watch Grey's
Anatomy cuz we love that show and we
want to catch up i don't care if you
like it or not don't be a hater i love
this show so we're gonna watch that and
then i'm gonna sleep outside tonight
yeah set up my hammock my tarp I got a
new product super pumped about it I
cannot wait to sleep in it tonight
hahaha she doesn't like it when I sleep
outside even if I'm in the backyard
she's like no don't leave me I don't
know why why didn't you like that you
just like to have me in the bed with you
you can like every now again reach over
and touch me because she doesn't like
cuddling so I is if I go to put my arm
around you like get off me on two arms
so any high so I don't know why she
likes me into better there I love
sleeping dynamic so like I tell Vicki
all the time like just let me put a
hammock up in the bedroom and then if
I'm not comfortable i can√≠t really
feeling no from the walls i'm hanging
from the ceiling that's crazy it's crazy
because you are him to Hamish when their
ceiling unless you have the back hammock
from clay ceramics they meant what are
you doing okay I gotta show them what
that no it is they don't think you're
like dinner to you but yeah they have a
bad hammock and you hang it from a
single point from the ceiling for
mountain climbing sista anyways you
wanted to learn about hammocks go to my
other channel backpack I guess we have
you can't sleep and I didn't realize
that was a chair hammock can I used to
read books in it could be whatever I
wanted and not get interrupted by
anybody so weren't working Union so we
call it a hammock but if you're real /
like from other countries he called a
hammock oh really yeah that makes sense
because it old sound the we pronounce
rose like sometimes was nothing there
sounds like an eye it's not though it's
supposed to be a mock yeah but when we
say it sounds like an is somebody coming
out one of my videos whether like is
hummock not handy sorry anyway so I
called anak how much cuz we say it so
fast as I Kamik Kamik Kamik Hemi so
that's the transition anyways you want
to learn about hammocks
check out my other channel backpack
hiker
you
