so today on my lunch break I'm going to
go get an oil change for my car because
I need one really bad and well meh not
really bad I'm like I think I'm like 200
kilometers over at my old change due
date which really isn't that back
because a lot of people bring go super
duper over so I'm pretty good at getting
opportunities I try to get it like all
the time every 5,000 kilometers are
trying to get an oil change so oh well
be parking lot Oh bumpy days any matches
like ah you like I told you not to
friggin vlog when you're driving you
know what it's like the mate and the
most time I spend is what I'm in the
carving like I'm driving around by
myself it's a good blog time yeah so I'm
gonna go get my oil change I like to go
to Jiffy Lube because they vacuum your
carpet they got a tea and coffee and all
kinds of awesome stuff that you can have
with your oil change so it's all
included so it's kind of cool and a top
of your fluids all all of your fluids
and on top of that they top off your
washer fluid so every single time you
need a washer fluid you can go back and
get it for free so that's my favorite
part especially in the winter didn't go
your friggin free stuff all the time all
right yeah here's our top oh he always
stuff that came in my van right now it's
pretty awesome okay so vicki was like oh
something's happening on a protein I
don't know it is and she usually is the
one remembers everything and I
remembered he would I remember so I got
it and it's a family easter dinner
because the weekend before i have a
bridal shower on the top and i knew i
had two things in a row i remember what
the next one was i remember our benefits
gee now I remember she did hey so I had
the kids out I had the kids outside what
do you do I the kiddos I today and leave
I was just sitting in a stroller so that
on the deck and then obviously we came
in
siren dinner ready and everything and
what is dick do he walks around the
strollers to come inside he doesn't like
say hey Vicki's you need the stroller to
come in ok how are you really like me to
bring this stroller you know I thought
maybe she's gonna go for a walk after
supper as she got the stroller here for
their walk then how he just point to the
outside so hows about to rain and how
dark look the skies are blue skies are
blue this island is deadly their food a
matter which may Cuba here they're blue
I are well looks great blue anyway so um
if I had have brought the thing in and
vicki was gonna go say she like why did
you bring in the stroller I clearly said
I'm sorry guys I ya know I would be like
thanks anyways meeting you but I'm
actually I did you would have been like
that yeah you want to see some oh oh why
is he something no ok bye ok so I have
one room in this house that I'm allowed
to do whatever I wanted but Vicki also
likes to just throw stuff in here but
this is my room it is a complete
disaster absolute disaster zone so
tonight I might try and attempt to clean
this room up and so I cuz i used to make
videos and stuff here for my backpacking
video vlog and yeah i'm gonna i'm gonna
see if i can clean this up and make a
video for that channel tonight yikes
it's gonna be a lot of work I'm not
looking forward to it not sure I oh you
got a lil a drink there yeah hey daddy
look here what's that we've I did that
today oh really like he does like a
sailboat he did oh SI salen artist oh my
goodness prodigy you had a prodigy the
only thing you see this yellow is
perfect you did a sailboat no
it was this purple right here oh why
show him like come on oh yeah right wait
you need it all this that's pretty good
I know he had so much fun there's like
20 minutes okay i know i just said that
i'm going to clean the room downstairs
my room but then they can i decided that
we're done with the change table you
guys gain too big already so we're going
to take this thing apart and put it away
store it but man look at all the crap in
there that's going to give a job so i
don't know if i'll do both of those
things tonight but i'm definitely going
to do this change table that's for sure
so I'm get er done okay so I finished
put it tidying up the change table thing
that actually took me a heck of a lot
longer than i thought i was going to so
i didn't get a chance to go do my guy
room so i'm gonna try to maybe try on a
nose I think Vicki might have silver all
night so I won't be able to do it then
anyways ya got a lot done tonight I'm
super tired now
you
