so we made it to church it was just me
and the three kids and it had to go to
worship practice early so I'm so proud
of ourselves we got out the door 955 so
we made it to church on time so we gotta
hurry and get in there before service
starts but we made it on Tyga talk
getting ready everybody yay family so
just finished worship practice and now
I'm going over to get Levi cuz we left
him at my aunt chiodos forgot there for
a second so the time I NGSS with Vicki
went to the sock or what is it bowling
she went bowling with the kids for a
birthday party so yeah I'm gonna go over
there get him then get me some lunch and
then the party begins i'm not putting
kind of that he'll take a nap so i gotta
just do some stuff around the house but
i doubt it hey see ya r at the bowling
alley are you excited you said you'd get
it boiling right yeah you go strike yeah
you're gonna try I'll be fun you got the
birthday present yep sorel ready to go
yeah it's gonna be fun what do you get
to wear when you go bowling shoes you
get bowling shoes is so cool right and
I'm excited look milk I'm so excited he
fell asleep he'd wake now moje mouth I
were here when I got bullying come on
we're yeah we know oh he's so tired he's
so hot you're doing he's really tired
eyes okay he'll wake up once we get
inside but we gotta go because we're
gonna be late so yeah we had to drive
all the way like 20 minutes away from
our house to get here but we're really
excited i'll let you know how it goes
okay so i just went over to my aunt
Janice house to get Levi but he was
sleeping there so they were like just
leave home and come get him when he
wakes up so there's gonna call me so
that means I have some freedom and have
the whole house to myself and I cook up
some burgers and I play some video games
or something I don't know I can do
whatever I want yeah okay so the party's
over
and i don't know let's see how the kids
liked it happen ii did you like bowling
did you like bowling yeah do any strike
no net this time you got rainbow away oh
cool bouncy ball very cool those are
their loot bags that they got was it a
fun party there's a fine yeah did you
like bowling yeah it's fun right you did
a good job too oh cool what was your
favorite part about bowling happen II
dig that's the birthday party wish me a
part about bowling no bully oh my
goodness she's being a goofball you
honestly can't tell me what you feel
part of a bullying getting loose okay
what would you like to do I mean would
you like to go bowling again oh goodness
we're ready to go home now we're ready
to go so we're home and both my kids
must be an exhausted from their long day
just they're both sleeping sound asleep
your mouth open just like me I sleep
with my mouth open to dad there's no me
in the back he's sleeping too fast
asleep
fast asleep both of them I almost just
want to close my eyes and sleep in the
van and just get a good nap in right now
other both sleeping this is waking them
up and hand go on iron oh well here we
go so everybody's back whoa he's back
and he saw the cameras he's gonna scream
what do you gotta be ah ha ha there guys
yet really is that much fun you had ok
see it oh you put on your finger look
check out you put this beauty
yeah that's pretty cool toy this what do
you so I had a quiet house for a while
now it's really noisy again do you have
a good time would you guys do when
you're what you just want the cameras
all right the camera but every time we
have a video now you hear him like yeah
but he's not like that all the time only
only turn on the camera so true it's so
dirty hey avenue g gain strikes yo these
really cool things I were seeing them
before what is it but it was like this
thing that helped you write like a steel
bar oh yeah see those like the ramp and
you put the ball on your old diary yeah
but every time we could get it mine
lined up to get the 1k left yeah every
time we cannot get all really remember
you gotta hold it straight ok Lee you
guys going backwards come back come back
where's your candy you're obsessed with
his camera to hear have it Oh see like
all he wants is the camera screaming and
whining you give him the camera is a ok
don't be complaining about the camera
dude it's good enough video you can't
even give him like a fake one because
like maybe give my fake when he gets
still upset
um no always liked bill okay if you're
gonna vlog vlog right hold the camera
like this make sure making eye contact
and then talk to a man say what's up
what do you do today ah yeah hey go
backwards ready here we go ready go
backwards Oh piggyback rides up there
again hi say hi oh look at all this
buggies up your nose oh I know sorry but
the buggy
