okay so I'm not even gonna wear my
jacket today because I have faith that
spring is here now even though there's
no and stuff like that and faith is what
being sure things you hope for and
certain of things you cannot see so yeah
I'm not gonna wear my coat because it's
gonna be warm today so I'm really pumped
because it's not snowing anymore it's
raining well it's not reading that much
anymore but it was raining today and so
check it out like there's not that much
snow on the ground anymore which is
awesome because i'm getting tired of
winter and I'm ready for some friggin
spring and I was telling Vicki lady I
feel like it's just gonna be all of a
sudden hot because it's been spring for
a couple of weeks I think and we have
been cold like it's just been the same
as winter has have been any change today
is really the first day and yeah i'm
really i'm liking all this snow snow I'm
liking it a lot I can't wait to go
outside and ride my bike in like go play
frisbee all this kind of fishing fun
stuff like that so the kids in are
eating a healthy snack because we've had
a lot of junk food lately and after a
big went to the harbor what was that oh
but what do you say rude little boy oh
my goodness oh no more fake burping now
look I anyways um so we are eating a
nice healthy snack we got some grapes
and apple crackers and cheese are they
good are they good is it good is it good
is it yummy yum yummy mm-hmm levi's even
some apple for the first time you really
likes it and i'm i'm watching him like a
hawk cuz I makes me nervous but there
are really really tiny pieces so she'd
be fine but we're rainy a lot of junk
food we went to that bulk barn and got
like Swedish parody then gummy beulah
what are they called gummy jujubes
jujubes and I got something mini
eggs and almost we get all those like
gummy fish things and we got like
chocolate Owen skittle so whole buncha
like just junkie foo so we've been like
men sheen on it throughout the day and
they're like poke me make cookies for
family movie night and I was like okay
and I was like no I think we need
something healthy so that's why we're
having this for a snack and instead of
watching movie tonight I when you wanted
to watch American Idol and the latest
episode just uh just finished loading
their days so we're gonna watch that
tonight instead so it should be fun and
daddy was being really grouchy grouchy
yeah so what did we say the daddy what
did we tell daddy to do down to go we
said go downstairs and when you can be
nice again then you can come back up and
talk to us right we don't ye grouchiness
know we want to fund its Friday we're
gonna have fun well I gotta say though
to like what a difference a week makes
because last Friday like Nick and I are
on top of the world it was date night
and we were so excited we were so happy
and we were just in la-la land it was
just so great we had the best day in the
best night and then this Friday turns
around and it's like crappy and it's
like we don't want to do anything and
can't wait for bedtime and it's just
like not the same you know so it's crazy
how one week it just everything changes
let me think about i guess i decided to
straighten my hair today and actually
style it the way it's supposed to be
instead of just throwing it up all messy
like you seen in my past videos but i
gotta say it doesn't look anything like
it did when i first got it done I think
she had like a super super straight
straightener that i do not own and i
still feel like it's poofier than when
she did it do you ever find that you
just can't get it right like the
hairdresser dead is very very
frustrating Malachi's walking around the
show everyone a big french fry
he wants to show the camera so the guy
whoa big the pig friends right oh we
must be in it hi Levi I have any Oh
bigger it's very big are you gonna eat
it good thing you caught him uh oh no
now it's not very big now you got to
french fries is it good I should you be
sitting down while you're eating mmhmm
yeah what's it down to is free yeah very
good Oh Avenue I forgot can you show
everyone your beautiful picture you did
today yes ok show me i'll follow you do
you to do to do to do to do don't mind
the messy kitchen Wow can you tell me
what everything is that's sad yes mom
that's family best ball night that's
Lena isn't that such a nice picture him
I loved it and she spent so much like
time on it she did such incredible
detail she even put in my hair blonde
and purple and she gave Malachi his
favorite colors orange and blue you just
take a look at this she did such a good
job baby there's a purple and blonde
hair with the brow and iris daddy and
there's a beneath her beautiful blonde
hair and I was Malachi look he's wearing
orange because that's his favorite color
and he's got his new hairstyle
orange and blue orange and blue and then
there's leave a little with this
inspection tiramisu and this is to mommy
I love you know my fake on Orcas green
and of you my fake orange and green I
was wearing a blue green okay warrant
and green let him know a degree in my
bad okay so the kid was watching videos
on YouTube or Facebook or something and
what was the video called Vicky like had
him put diapers on chicken or something
what it does to this chicken so Vicky
surgery and then the comments are oh
that scared the crap out of me another
guy said I guy say that was so scary so
she's watching it and the guys making
the chicken and the chicken sitting
there awesome like it flash it to this
scary face freaks me out I crap my pants
yeah and Vicki's watching it and she's
like it's not doing anything she's like
watching it and watching in all of a
sudden this guy's face pops up he's a
guy its character so bad it's like
exactly Marilyn Manson Marilyn Manson
jumped up out of the screen so if you're
ever wondering who falls for those
stupid videos now you know it's Mickey
videos oh hi Julie buddy so I'm working
on a intro video to our channel so I
kind of like it I kind of don't like it
I'm not I'm an offense with it still I
can't I can't really find the perfect
music to go along with it so I got one
together i'm going to post it watch it
let me know what you think of it leave
some comments give me some thumbs up and
subscribe man we're up to 32 subscribers
already which it I feel like it's pretty
good we've only been doing it for like a
couple months so we got quite a bit of
subscribers so if you're watching this
right now click Subscribe you know you
want to you know you enjoyed this video
you can feel it in your bones that you
can feel your hand moving towards the
mouse just click let's do it man
everybody's doing 32 people have already
didn't he could be one of them be a
follower everybody wants to be part of
our team we've got a great community
here we have lots we will respond to
every single comment how many other
bloggers will do that not a lot trust me
