I just want to do a quick recap about my
front aerial out in Calgary that was I'm
giving birth yesterday well she um went
through 38 hours of labor can you
believe that 38 hours that is in sane I
told you she was a trooper so she has
this beautiful baby girl her name is
Bailey issues six pounds eight ounces
and I am just son so excited to be able
to set up a skype date with her soon so
that I can see her baby more than just
in little pictures um so yeah so here's
to a quick recovery and I'll be praying
for you Ariel and I love you and I'm so
happy for you and you did it ebony and I
are going through the movie so yes night
I'm he and I are going to the movies
boom he likes us all tonight Oh United
going to the movies movies go Malachi go
maokai go maokai go Malachi go Malachi
it's got the moves breakdancing oh yeah
off the wall off the floor look around
yeah buddy as I'm talking about oh jeez
toot oh girls yeah breakdancing fires
nothing worse than our breakdance hard
when you're just doing a movie part have
me so you say for a movie gamer
overseeing it's called nut job we are
watch it no Antonia make your funny face
make definitely facial ringing that's
buddy Levi like the face go maokai go
maokai gomadic i go Mel
ah mr. Lee knocked me over oh good ball
ah hey I guess he's excited leave are
you excited for our movie night hey it's
just me and the boys Malik I wanted to
UM to wear the same shirt as Levi today
so i actually had levi dressed and ready
for the day already and then Malachi was
like no we have to wear our plain shirts
together today so I do like change Levi
mouth I show your plain shirt captain
awesome and Levi show yours Levi show
yours where's your clean shirt captain
awesome number two there see my matching
boys aren't they cute new boy we're
gonna um get our jammies on and pull the
couch up to the computer so we can watch
it cookie and we can what baby hey mate
ok and we please make cookies mmhmm yeah
I think you can wit and
popcorn and it boogies yeah oh boy yeah
ok let's go make it yep ok let's go go
go I have knee are in the Carver going
to the movies whoo excited what are you
gonna get
we're gonna get for a treat what do you
like oh I don't know they might ask
who's berries gimme yeah let me get
popcorn with a proper only
you need you're gonna have a car too
right oh yeah you're starving the Marvin
I starving starving carving larvan
tarvin yo ride okay I made up those
words just in case you're wondering so
we decided to have our own little family
movie night since Avenue and daddy whips
movies we decided we watch a movie too
so we have mr. Boger ready to race we
haven't seen it it's a really good movie
it's really gonna be four kids Malachi's
when we need to watch it for a while now
so he's really excited that we're
watching it tonight and malachi as you
can see he's in his jammies his dinosaur
jammies he's got popcorn because he's
allowed to have popcorn now right cuz
how old are you wait that's right and we
said when you turn three you get to have
popcorn right mm-hmm and he's got his
cookies that he made did you make the
cookies mm-hmm good job mmmm mmm so he's
quite happy tonight right but you havin
fun with mommy yeah and knee buddies
over there and his dinosaur deities too
but you can't see to dinosaur cuz he's
blocking them but there's a dinosaur on
his jammies too because they wanted to
match again yeah he's just playing over
there with his water I'll be back to our
movie look at the size of that puddle
right how many we want to go in it but
we don't get silk ur free for a movie so
now we're here we're gonna go watch our
movie were really really but last time
Vicky say there is a huge line up so we
don't want to get stuck in the line
right at me it's good yeah sure we can
go to rip let's race first want to get
to the top of the ramp is reset go
how many wins daddy loses again just as
we finished making that video we hit
play again it not even is on for like 20
seconds and it does this I do not like
buffering and it's been at 0 for like 10
minute hasn't you changed like one
percent so we're pretty bummed Netflix
isn't working and we're completely
bummed we even tried putting it on our
tablet and it won't even connect so my
kinda were right now the netflix isn't
working though so we can't watch any
kind of movie like that not work no it's
not working so we decided that we would
watch rage and Malik has been really
good about it he's being a really good
boy about not being able to watch the
movie he's just enjoying his popcorn
right mm-hmm you want me to eat some
okay mm-hmm mm-hmm all right now we're
gonna watch ice age right all right look
at me Annie were they meet Ellie mm-hmm
is he so cute so I mean I just finished
a movie it was pretty good now she's
really tired just wants to get home
she's like I'm tired daddy's we're gonna
sleep and we saw Maddie and everybody
there are going to go see divergence
dental pain so Vicki I arc sure you'll
see that small cuz we officially have a
date night pretty stoked anyways I got
to get a vanilla where she wants to go
to bed it's like an hour past your
bedtime ok so it's eight o'clock all
three kids are in bed
me ebony and daddy got back from movies
just as our movie was ending so I was
perfect timing Levi fell asleep during
the movie so he's in bed sleeping too
which is a very regular for him I guess
you could say and yeah so the wrong bed
sleeping so it's eight o'clock son
Dominic I get time to first off to do
whatever we want to do a baby just my
friends baby I was telling you about Oh
38 hours of labor I know already said
that there's baby Haley's that's it for
today
