so we're going to wear should practice
now and we're using gage cars pretty
good carpet the last two times we use
this car I couldn't get to start and
deeds always like oh it starts so easy
but I can't get it to start this time I
start a bit like Pat telling me feel
like we were saying to revving the crap
out of it yeah last time you can get it
to start at all on this time it wasn't
hard so hopefully on the way home it
won't do that to us again we'd walk home
last time Oh his back he should have
been around to the back burner on
peaches good turn every time I've gone
by myself I've been early and one time
Vicky comes with me to my friend 844 oh
yeah but diversity for 845 k no BRB
right is marking ok it's no big deal if
you're the senior and you don't have to
do anything but go there and sing but
when you're an instrument player you
have to go you have to tune up hearing
instrument you have to pull plug them
into the sound system do a sound check
all these saves the things you got to be
there early for that kind of stuff to
know Vicki says ok I'm ready so yeah
we're here we're here at that don't
design for a church the Sergio surgical
supplies to earn back parking lot
enemies bye for now we just finished um
church and worship practice afterwards
so we are heading home what's gonna be
bumpy video we're heading home and it's
now see that one o'clock you've been at
the church since 845 any more tired and
hungry we have breakfast I there I can
all of our star I had breakfast why have
some of those treat so they have it
Deanna church on time well I can I treat
Apple strudels and stuff that's on
Apple's rule and chocolate for sine X
eye to eye cool to living dangerously
here I go hey I got so now we're heading
home was probably gonna eat a more
decent lunch to fill us up more yeah
mostly to relax and take it easy um
before we have to go back out at quarter
to six to do worship daddy videos nikka
30 videos I actually laundry so probably
won't be your locks in very much pleased
you leave I taking their Sunday
afternoon lap wish I got sunny afternoon
naps because I wake me up in an hour
lucky
that's di both the rest of the kids and
watch movies and stuff which isn't that
bad okay so Avenue I are just playing
wii frisbee your zombies turn sooo nice
throw you're really good this game right
yeah it's pretty hard game okay a
bearish daddy and sword fighting damn
you see my powers
oh you read me what's up victory dance
oh man give me five
okay Levi's gonna drive in the car
facing forward yay look so happy yeah
you're facing forward oh oh you're
facing point where what a big boy oh
look Abba knees facing forward what a
big girl her first time facing forward
and Malachi facing forward we should do
a video with all three videos if running
at the same time yay okay I put in there
they grow up so fast just before you
know it then they're all big giant kids
Levi facing forward here's a tip big boy
now are you one big one year olds get to
face forward yeah 3 hey looking at the
window can you see her do we know now
look at you looking at the window whoo
he looks like you like yeah yeah that's
fine is that for hey yeah woo so kool
aid I think that way you are facing that
way oh you wanna be back more yeah he's
backed a little bit
what car song could be saying I always
say that a nice thing is talking about a
bus oh yeah I just went to sing the
wheels on the back door Vicki the wheels
on the bus there is no cars on no car
star oh not really oh we can make up a
son Rory the racing god Rory the number
ones that yay me we're in that bumpy
spot yeah there's a bumpy video tree my
dad's car but every since I backed up
into my auntie anne's car yeah car crash
I see Maddie when are Jessie pretty
close to the corner of the card skies a
hurry heart you should her Jess and
we're at the volleyball game on man
she's like oh my gosh Nick go back up
when I'm in the car I'm like leave me
alone man may find Jessa here are some
things to think about before having kids
boy this is cuz he went tonight service
and it's like 730 and they go to bed at
seven yeah no they're already in bed
sleeping we're trying to leave to go
home but they're all freaking out yeah
he's not happy tone dissociation a nice
and wired
