we're just on our way out the door we've
been stuck inside all march break ball
and so I decided I'm going to make some
arrangements and get the van for um
today to take the kids out to McDonald's
for lunch you got it be a really really
fun outing so um we're looking for
finally getting into the house okay so
we're on our way out to mcdonalds I have
a van full there's everybody all
squished in the back and Alec I here and
we boil over here and then my mom's
gonna come with me and sit here to help
so here we go so we're finally home from
our mcdonalds venture and then after we
went to my mom's house the kids went to
Grandma's house and played and had lots
of fun and yeah it was a great outing
and the kids enjoyed it and every time
in the car is so funny because the three
of them were in the back and every
summer like turned a corner they were
like whoa whoa so they had a great time
together so I'm glad we did it even
though it was so hard to get all the car
seats in so thankfully two of them are
in booster seats so it was a lot easier
to put the three in the back I wouldn't
be able to do it post all car seats
there's no way and then I totally forgot
to tell you guys but this morning it was
really funny I can laugh at it now but
this morning was really frustrating but
I couldn't find the middle seat belt I
had no clue where it was like I'm never
gonna be in before so I know they came
from a ceiling and I was looking
everywhere I had to help the whole seats
taken apart and like like peeking in
between the little cracks and stuff
trying to find it and at the hardest
time and I finally like I called Nick at
work and I asked him and he was like no
it's a seven seater van it should be
there and like the buckle for it was
there so he's suggested calling the
dealership and asking them and they said
check the ceiling so I did again I went
out and check the ceiling I didn't see
anything so I was like really
frustrating I was like oh there's no
seat belt how we're supposed to go so I
called the dealership and then they say
oh you have to you have to combine like
well I can't come by because I have no
one to watch the kids like doesn't make
any sense so then I called our neighbors
we work to our cousins that live just
down the street from us
and her and a friend came over shout out
to Jessa and today and um they came over
and watch the kids while well sorry
Jessa watch the kids while she and I
went out to the van to look for the
seatbelt see the second set of eyes
might help so we're out there for like
20 minutes and we couldn't find it at
all we were like tearing the whole place
apart we could find it so finally I was
like okay well if you don't mind
watching the kids I'm just going to whip
over the dealership and get their help
so she's like oh yeah no problem so I go
and I go to close the trunk as I'm
closing the truck from looking up I'm
like you got to be kidding me so like on
the ceiling of like the trunk not the
ceiling like where the seat is the trunk
is um the seatbelt and of course there's
like no strap or anything it's a strap
that comes out from the ceiling buckles
into the actual seat buckle and then
buckles again so so frustrating but I
was like oh finally and then I had to
put the booster seats in the car seats
and everything all in seat belts and
then I put the kids all in it so it was
a lot of work and a lot of effort and I
gotta have my mom around to help when we
got to pick her up but I mean for the
first time I didn't um but it was a good
day overall non glad we glad we did it
and we had a nice friday and now we're
looking forward to our friday movie
night so we're going to be watching
frozen so i probably record some singing
of songs and we're gonna have some pizza
and make some cookies so it should be a
really fun night the kids have been
looking forward to it Malik has been
asking to watch the movie frozen for
like the past week now so he's really
excited okay so the boys rock to
volleyball see they are all ready to go
find out bye bye we're gonna go kick
some butt I can't wait to be everybody
at volleyball I bet you any money that
he'll come back and look oh my bad oh my
knees were little bad
oh no man okay you keep telling yourself
that yeah you're probably right maybe
all those times I go hiking and I come
back and I won yeah yeah you see the
next day off work because he's so worn
out oh I love you too what think I wish
me luck see you like that Thanks okay so
we're on our way to volleyball the only
people that are gonna win or sitting in
the front seat that's right whoo cuz its
young adults against puny week teenagers
whoa don't look back there those guys
don't know where they're talking about
anyways run away there it's like really
far away so when we get there I'll
probably be tired and de-energized but
Jay brought some good dehydrated bancos
so we got plenty of energy in a bag
they're not drugs yeah so it's getting
pretty fun I'm gonna do some video
taping when we get there and drink the
game with my GoPro on my head so it's
gonna figure I should get ready for that
get ready for that what are you doing
cookies okay what did you make Oh thick
snake cookies mmm here Benny look at
those in mice neat row it's ya'll guys
gonna be yummy yeah by you and baking
snake yes snake snake yeah turn in a
baker cookies and ready to get the movie
started yeah right the beach volleyball
looks pretty awesome there's lots of
stuff huh hey there clean bella marie
now we're those guys yeah
ah ya hit that ball yeah close up
yeah volleyball anyways get ready for
these chumps to lose along with some
other chump saturday yet yeah nice play
guys is work oh all that long Jessa all
day long oh here we go Bri ng yeah when
you be in the middle to get those balls
going does you see that Sykes my
boyfriend Isaac Isaac oh
dang it hey Cruz Nick the ultimate
showdown whoo camera oh hey story is
distracting me dang it lease what oh no
all right through me off man riding on
chess and she seen the chicken we're
gonna scare the crap out of him yeah get
scared I didn't work so i just finished
volleyball was a lot of fun i got this
big marking my hand from the camera that
goes on the head JD have a good time I
did I got lots of sharpies my favorite
role Jane I basically dominated the
whole night you'll see from the footage
Emily into your show show highlights
advice yeah anyways he's watching
that
