hey guys what's up so i just made a
delicious fruit smoothie with some
granola and I thought I'm gonna see if
Malcolm wants to try it for breakfast
and you did and what do you think you
like it let step closer to your
lifestyle for MLK what you do even try
it it's delicious it's really good
remark I very so Levi's gonna stick with
cereal cream caramel oh cool
guys libby's not feeling good look Oh
boogies do you got boogies yeah you guys
somebody's maybe one washcloth to wipe
your nose baby keep reaching for the
camera hey whoa whoa you got a bookies
the excited game to care no she wants to
put my camera in her mouth hungry now
yeah is that better is that better is
that better no more bogeys on your piece
yeah you look better I know she was in
my camper gonna go the camera let go at
that camera o.o camera let go don't take
ever hey i turn 22 together jeez thanks
to camera food doing so here try mine
hey guys so I just finished chatting
with two happy five I see me it's ENT me
I know and we're going to be doing some
collaboration videos with them pretty
soon so stay tuned for those cuz they
got a really great channel i'll put a
link down below they're living in
Thailand right now and they're going to
be doing some cool stuff that you're
going to pull in go into Australia so
and they are all doing the raw type of
vegan diet so they have some really cool
stories if you're into that kind of
stuff about how that diet is changed
their kids lives change their lives like
in insane ways so go check out their
channel hey guys what's up so we just
got our beautiful daughter Avenue
hey we missed her very much and now
we're going out to swiss chalet for
Mattie's birthday yep
just eat food only Shh let's see we were
starving community realities breakfast
yeah well I'm not sure is i had like a
good oliv are now Edward you must been
starving that's pretty hungry yay new
shopkin looks like an ice cream or
something what is it Malachi what did
you get what did you get what's it
called dress call a Shirley Temple the
lemon you want my lemon Eliam one lemon
who wants my leg check it to the
birthday girl there you go yeah they
both got a lemon a female I trying to
Shirley Temple good or not are you okay
yay crisis diverted
to you hey guys it's not was ten o'clock
and i just got back from my
sister-in-law's house and now i have to
go work out because i did this workout
challenge with my friend we have dorca
three times a week and today's Saturday
so after working out today and tomorrow
to be able to finish my goal that three
times a week so it's ten o'clock i'm
tired i don't want to do it but i have
to go downstairs and work out for at
least half an hour why
