hello my brother and I are about to go
on a road trip to pick up a new Jeep
yeah a new g not for me though Fran for
me my Jeep so we're pretty excited if
you didn't watch my other videos you
should check out Jay's website it's wws
seeds in the wilderness calm that's
right I got check it out it's pretty
cool be there or be square anyways I'll
give you an update it's the big as the
snowies day today too I just brush off
the whole car and if you're wondering i
did not driving without brushing it yeah
see you later so we finally made it to
the destination this is the car looks
pretty cool it's sold already though oh
sorry yeah bummer still snowing hey la
motors it's the place to go for cars
wholesale prices so we're gonna go in to
speak to you guys see we get some keys
or something for this Buffy small town
automotive shops leave signs like this
if not here call this number so i guess
he lives upstairs we just call to BCD
will be down in a few minutes but also
check out this cool car it's got oh wait
windshield wiper blades on the
headlights yeah I've never seen that
before that's for hardcore drivers man
when you're driving through the craziest
weather you got happened windshield
wipers on your friggin head lights
that's crazy okay so at the car
dealership and this guy's got the
funniest signs for his dealership I'll
show you the real dumb it's his whole al
pricing and then why pay more I guess he
didn't have enough money for all the
letters so he just put the letter Y for
pay more stuff it's pretty funny we
thought it was funny anyways oh no my
window oh well this way
okay so Jay got the Jeep and he's just
gonna go put the license plates on it
then we're going to head back but it was
so cool because the guy was like asking
for he wanted seven thousand four
hundred dollars for it and so we took it
for a test drive and then while we're
driving it when we got back to it was
like is there anything you can do about
the price like i wanna i can give you
6504 right now cash like I was like no
way bin and then we were later on he was
like she was like can you take four I
think I was like no I can't do anything
there's nothing I can do this is the
firm price because it's a good deal and
it was it was like two thousand dollars
cheaper than anything else so we get
into the paper signing and stuff like
that and the guys like how much should I
say it was and I was joking around like
oh five thousand dollars he was like
yeah right it was I think it was six
thousand and I'm thinking whoa he says
7400 before so he pulls out the
paperwork and he's like oh I have
written down here it was 5,500 so Jay
got it for 5,500 bucks instead 7,500
bucks what a deal it was so cool so he
got a sweet deal on that Jeep he's
picking it up right now then we're gonna
head back and begin the day with the
kids see what happens then so it's
freezing cold outside Jay's got his Jeep
boo Boop we're just gassing up and then
we're gonna get the heck out of this
town so gold look this gasp place has
one of these cool things the gas pumps
and guys like don't have that anymore
they took the little latch off oh so
cool
the wind isn't my attorney or something
oh it's blowing me right now what is
like to drive in Canada you gotta watch
out for those roads they just disappear
