it's okay buddy you're gonna see him at
church soon okay so much love in this
house oh I just left the house and now
walk into church with my base but I
don't have a case for my base so it kind
of sucks clearly gotta carry it and it's
cold up but now I if I were like crying
at the doors well I dad you know of you
makes me so sad silly but it's not the
same time it makes it feel so awesome
because you're so cute anyways see you
later okay so I'm gonna try a sour candy
for the first time we see what you think
of it I didn't kind of like just sorry
candy like what I lemons are sour okay
just stick the whole thing in your mouth
yeah you guys seen it tastes like go put
the whole thing in now close your mouth
what's it like huh put it back it goes
away all right the sour taste goes away
after a few seconds I have my not just
tastes like a candy ready set mmm sour
you look like a pirate when you everyone
i close good try it hi da you gotta put
the whole thing in your mouth okay well
I look at me okay how is it as this hour
is this hour hey you'll like it okay
likes it is it good the girls are doing
their nails in the bathroom
they're just singing hi how are you
doing we're singing frozen songs well we
use our our else toenail polish has it
looks like regret mmm else to dry oh
nice nails apni did you your toes 20 the
only do your toes oh I'm glad I'm a boy
we're glad we're girl good girl power
that's what I always say girl power but
boys rule girls drool that's something
also else also say okay I mean our
playing game she's got kicked that ball
to hit this wall and I'm blocking it but
I'm facing backwards not yeah I can't
see so we'll put that camera oh she's a
goal kill put the camera here and he's
gonna try and get a goal we're having
how did you try giggle ain't no stopping
me now oh she gets up cool dragon Oh
knocks down the camera go out me go out
me go out me go out me diva go out me
oliva go out knee oh yeah ok let's try
again so we're on our way to church kids
Vicki and I are both playing under
worship tonight
yeah Nikki's leading worship I'm playing
bass and the kids are going to see if
they can make it for the late night
service without like me lighting and
grouchy or sleepy or whatever so we'll
see what happens I'll let you know just
finish worship church service haven't he
got to stand late because normally she
goes to bed or like seven o'clock and
out 751 and she stayed up late cuz he we
went to church at night we don't
normally do that pray taught me I really
do every single try know what did you
make her you didn't like it it's cool
why he's so tired yeah every other night
you're like I don't want to go today oh
yeah Vicki wants to get by she wants to
go home she's who do not know my driving
yeah Mickey driving cuz I want to sit
beside my face
