oh so we have one of those Brita water
filters that you put on to your tap and
they're just take a whole this cracked
like in the top here but we don't have a
replacement so we just put this a little
top of it oh ok you got to put one en
top of em so you put the lid there you
want to hand us up Booya have to replace
your filter we're gonna get it one today
probably but I like shoot water all over
the top what's up Justin Vicki's idea
yeah I can pay ya alright can play us on
so Avenue is going to climb over the
gate now you have to watch this she's
just learning okay Avenue let's see you
do it one leg first come on born leg
lamp there tonight good job now leave
ice climbing up yeah hello we see you we
see you hi hi we have to get up for a
reason mr. yeah yes you do we have to
keep you out because there's tiny stuff
in here yeah peekaboo where are you
you're poking through okay so we're
gonna be barbecuing tonight I wanted to
show you this like to break you you
don't shovel a path to your BBQ you're
gonna climb over his sneaking mountain
of snow snow keva barbecue she's cooking
snap crackling and popping up some
frozen up bugs or something ya Rasul
ribbies really excited yes I am portage
ok so it's coupon time that means we got
coupons in the mail for McDonald's and
Harvey's my favorite time of the year
cuz that means I get to go and eat
affordably let's play game never touches
the camera wins yeah that's a camera kit
touches dddd tell me contestas dee dee
dee dee kisses got touch it
you're never going to touch it I got it
mom a try and get it oh you got it you
got it nobody can touch my camera nobody
can touch my camera got it I'm so tired
I don't feel like blogging okay you're
gonna do it today what we're gonna do it
I don't know what we're gonna do Oh
enough and you know someone what'd you
do at school today did you okay I
already built a rocket ship today want
to see it go get to raw fish in yeah
show us the office it she built this
really cool rocket ship at school and he
actually looks really awesome it looks
like it can actually go into outer space
there's avenues rocketship that's really
cool to show them the jewels on the side
oh yeah cool jewel ah-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha top
fella what shape for this yeah i'm just
about to go grocery shopping and I
have exactly sixty dollars to spend this
is what we have budgeted for this week
because unfortunately last week was a
very expensive grocery bill and so in
order to balance it out only his sixty
dollars and we need lots we need milk we
need bread we need um Oh what do we need
oh we need lots of veggies and fruit
like bananas and apples and pears and
like little fruit cups and I need cheese
musanze tail anywhere and I need a lot
like PETA's for a patis lunch we need
chocolate chips come on baked cookies
been having taco chips um pancake mix
and oh my goodness it's like frozen
veggies so I'm really hoping that I can
get everything that we need and with the
sixty dollars so I don't let you know
how it goes just got back from the
grocery store and it's so cold out there
and takes her still probably Rosie just
came inside um I did pretty good I was
fifteen dollars over so i spent like 75
09 and i had sixty dollars cash um i did
put it on my debit I brought it just in
case because i had it feeling i would go
over but i'm really proud of myself as I
didn't go over a lot and I know that we
have that extra fifteen dollars in there
um so is ok but I would have been able
to do it I just I bought some look at
this economy pack of meat that was on
sale it was like fifty percent off so I
couldn't resist and it would do more
than one meal and everything that I got
I meal plan for the week so I have
everything I need for the week for
supper times and lunch times so um
overall I'm very pleased with myself and
I think that I will try to be more
budget savvy in the next week's and
stuff too as well last week it was
really tough because we needed household
items which added up you know like
bathroom cleaner
paper and Kleenex and dishwasher
detergent all that kind of stuff we
needed so it really added up oh and
diapers and wipes and it's really awful
to right now because Levi's on homo milk
and then my family drinks a lot of milk
so it's like thirteen dollars on milk
alone but yeah so seventy five dollars
six dollars cash not too bad
