okay the worst thing ever when you wake
up in the morning and you are expecting
one thing that you want it for breakfast
and you get all ready and it's finally
time for you to eat your breakfast and
then you go into the kitchen they get it
and that thing is gone and now you're
starving and you don't know what that be
and nothing is going to taste good
because you wanted that one thing well
it happened to me this morning yeah my
entire day throwing off I'm pretty much
playing Vicki she should have been aware
of what was missing in the kitchen we
have to say about that Vicki yes right
her mouth is conveniently full how
interesting normal and I eat cereal and
Google bars and stuff like that for
breakfast too and not just one who
screwed what's wrong with a grapefruit
for breakfast lots of people do that
nothing but there are other options for
breakfast time when there is no
grapefruit in the house nobody wants
dried-up sea oh that's for kids man and
it's jam packed full of sugar cheerios
reason brain yeah kid and i want it i
wanna grapefruit now i have to have a
package over they don't know how to make
regular oatmeal it's okay we'll see
we'll see so next no not next friday
with a friday after that they're at our
church they're having a volleyball the
game is the young people against the old
people and now that i'm 29 i'm an old
person
holy Vicki Holly what are you gonna be
29 in like a month to give me 20 next
month and so yeah anyways they're having
a volleyball tournament the young people
against the old people like me and I'm
like whoa you challenging me to
volleyball I don't think so so yeah I'm
gonna be there and yeah I'm gonna win
because I don't take no crap from nobody
epic involve although I she's probably
got yo it's good if she hasn't come to
because we want to win we want to wait
good time what I didn't say is that what
you're saying is that what you're
implying no I didn't say that you said
I'm not good at volleyball no i didn't i
just heard you say i did not you said
I'm not gonna ba balls ever say not what
I said haha she's probably not very good
Molly well I don't wanna break my
precious nails my precious fingernails
oh excuse me me so you're not gonna be
good see okay see she probably wouldn t
okay I'm I was supported the notation
being in high school and like bumping
and your thoughts would be like so bad
not these thumbs look at that knuckle
reader ba ba ba all day long baby all
day long nice ok naka he's got a
blueberry pancake and look what he did
was it look like my ok oh it was a guy
scream like an ice cream cone he's got
he pushed the blueberry through the
panky out onto his finger we're gonna
eat it now ok see you mmm ice cream and
don't take your food
thank you and think now it's time for
discipline yeah no more play with your
food young man you do no more playing
with your food what are you laughing
about little girl no populate with your
food that goes for you too I'm not you
need to it so I don't get disciplined as
Vicki there's a lot of my sushi making
food for me just everybody else look
everybody gets home cooked meal but look
Nick doesn't can you please undo that
again me says I'm not hungry so I don't
reach manage anybody see you later cuz I
had big lunch Vicky's left over from
yesterday they were so you should put
that recipe on our website Miravalle
chicken look yeah it's a miracle whip
recipe oh she's going on the website
check out the link so I got back from
the eye doctors and I got a small
prescription for some glasses to cheer
um but I am actually kind of excited to
go shopping for sunglasses cuz I've
always wondered like what I would look
like with glasses um so it would be fun
and uh it was not a very pleasant
appointment though because they like i
don't i don't think i've had an eye exam
in like over 10 years and was probably
bad but it's been a very very long time
and so I didn't remember anything and
I'd have liked the full exam just to
find out that I needed this little tiny
prescription anyways but like I don't
remember this like big blue light coming
at you just want to like swat at it cuz
it's like right in your face then I had
to get these eye drops for so brutal and
kudos to those who have to take eye
drops daily or like have contacts
because it is awful and I don't like
that at all and I wish I didn't have to
do it you know you cannot better those
hydros what you have to take the eye
drops every time I go to the eye doctor
they try to they give me an eye drop and
I don't do it because
is I get I pass out really easily from
stuff haha what surprise Nick passes out
with everything I don't pass out with
everything oh really hey so let's see um
childbirth I'm having his daughter get
her in noisy shot we ended up being as a
child over two hours for like a little
40 minute appointment okay we own it we
had to wait for him and we were done
okay so it was childbirth wanna first of
all I only passed out during one of the
three children for the other two I cut
both of their friggin of buildable cords
right off and I didn't pass out at all
and 11 I passed out is because the doc
beasts like four doctors came in with
like they had some sort of sanitizer in
their hands or something and it smells
so disgusting and my mom was there too
and as soon as they can in my mom passed
out I passed out it was gross it was
like a pass out smell was a caso cream
okay and at the doctors are getting AB
me and needle and the doctor I'm seeing
me side are trying to support her and if
the garner comes by freaking stabbed
with a needle in his arm right beside me
I'm watching it happen I can feel the
needle in my arm and he's a kid hey Nick
you want to hold this little swapping in
arm or whatever he netted me for some
nights I said I'm not a doctor my
surgeon we were regular dude we were
going to two avenues appointment for her
immune ization shot this was her first
one as baby right she's baby ok living
was like one of her first ones and you
know caring loving dad wanted to go and
be a part of it be so supportive and
hold her afterwards so he knew there was
a needle involved I just want to make
that clear you knew about the needle
yeah but I didn't know what I was gonna
do that what do you need a letter our
basic a look you put the needle in arm I
basically all he did after was asked if
you could just like dad at her arm or
something I basically gave her the
needle I should be a registered nurse
because of how much work idea anyways I
guess that's our little rain okay Jewish
I just want to say for the record that I
don't pass out all the time
