there you go
Oh
so how many all packed up yeah a little
bit what else you have to pack but this
is gonna go in the car it's just gonna
go in the car like that just sitting
beside you okay and you got your
suitcase all packed and ready to go you
got Dana and her backpack just a little
bit like her pillow blanket hi you need
to bring some fake money before why per
game Abby's going to a sleepover at her
cousin's house and then we're gonna
drive up tomorrow and meet up for dinner
and stuff so because it my niece's
birthday tomorrow so ya gonna be seven
why they used to happy vote over here
yeah are you making your way over she's
starting to pull herself up on her knees
you show everybody each our way please
up up on your knees yeah or you gonna do
you're crawling backwards thing Libby
and I both have colds don't we got runny
nose yeah but we're trooper is right so
we finish skiing now we're picking
movies right
what do you want to get lego batman
that'd be awesome
right here you go movie picking time
yeah so we had a pretty uneventful
afternoon Vicky's aunt and uncle came
over so we didn't really have much vlog
time a baking yeah but we are planning
to have a swollen eye to you I'm going
to have in my live show tonight so if
you tuned in it would have been like
five days ago those were a few days
behind it in the vlogs leave tuned in is
Gareth bought and I you're chatting
about whole foods and vegan diets so if
you want to watch that back i'll put the
link below and you can check it out so
it should be fun I'm really excited if I
haven't had a chance to like do some
video chatting with Gareth for a long
time okay feels like it you have for a
long time feels like it you're even yeah
he's a great guy though you guys will
like this video I'm sure it hey guys
what's up so I'm just about to start to
the vegan Chad live interview with
Gareth bottom gun right here but you
can't hear him because I got headphones
in but it's going to be awesome if you
guys miss it don't forget you come back
on my channel watch it again because I'm
pretty sure is going to be information
you're going to want to know if you're
thinking about switching to the one of
these diets hey guys I just finished my
vegan chat with Garrett bottom and it
was a lot of fun in very informative so
if you guys are interested I kind of
stuff go ahead and check it out it's
inside my playlist of things that you
could watch and it was really good and
check out Gareth Gareth bottoms channel
going vegan it's really good really
informational really informative stuff
