okay so I'm on my lunch break and I'm
going to go to Cosmo music because i
bought my guitar from here and i get a
free tune-up with it and it's starting
to rot a little bit and stuff like that
so i want to bring it and get checked
out have the guys tell me hey man your
car is perfect you don't want to invest
any money on fixing it or anything like
that but yeah i'm pretty sure it's just
the deck has warped a little bit from
the weather change and lousy old
changing weather canada but i think i
checked out see what happens maybe pick
up something who knows anyways I'll talk
to you later so I wait in the store and
I talked to the guitar tech guy and he
adjusted the neck for me a little bit
which is pretty normal for this time of
year good guitar and he also said I
should probably just pick up a new set
of strings so I got semi dick sir it's
supposed to be a pretty good guitar
string my brother says they're really
good and he planted to her a lot so I'm
gonna take his word for it and also one
of my other friends Cleary she says that
these are really good strings too so I'm
gonna test him out see what they're like
and my guitars loss eldorado so should
we get just the neck adjustment made a
big difference which is kind of what i
thought it was anyways but it's nice to
get a professional opinion cuz you never
know especially when you spend that much
money on a guitar you really want to
just have somebody but they came in let
me fix it for you right instead of
screwing something up later down the
road or something anyways eyes when I
give you the update this is leave my
most favorite thing to do lately he
likes to open up the doors and play in
them don't you and he pulls himself
right up now just standing yeah so there
used to be um like me those them I'll
show you it was like metal um cups and
thermoses and stuff um down here and so
I changed it to put like the plastic
water cups and the kids cups and stuff
in the bottom drawer maybe he's thirsty
in the bottom drawer so that he wouldn't
down bang the floor
the metal and like cause the Florida
crack and break and stuff for the ideas
um and then in this door there used to
be all the baking sheets like this hold
those baking sheet some pizza pans and
stuff um used to be in bottom drawer and
he would open it and stand on it and
start taking out like the banana bread
tin and stuff and whip it on the floor
tues that was also hard so I moved all
the plastic tupperware containers in
here and it was all neat and sorted um
with all the matching lids and
everything but then this little guy
likes to play in it yes he likes to play
in it and do this make a big mess but
it's a lot safer for him to play with
this stuff that was for the other stuff
and especially for our floor and yeah so
he's just getting into everything now
and this is his like favorite thing to
do is that fun it's have fun yeah and
there you go and then he will bang them
all around the floor and drop them all
over and then I'll show you after that
they'll be cups end up were all over the
floor I think he's thirsty I couldn't
get him a drink I think he's thirsty so
I'm gonna go get him a drink now yeah so
he was just a little thirsty
mmm at more I don't know if you can see
when I'm doing this with him but if you
look here Levi look by the guys no teeth
he does teeth he's showing your teeth
yeah hina his eidos teeth ha nacido his
teeth Levi so your teeth nigga my teeth
I'm so big he says mom get the camera in
my face so I just sitting here in the
computer chair and I just look up the
window there's these cute little girls
in the tree you have to see this see but
let's cure them look at the mall there's
three of them one two three the trees
you see them it's hard to see through
the glare of the window but they're so
cute look at one two three sitting up in
the trees together try to zoom in but
Michael blurry it's one yeah dude three
thank you anyways I thought it was neat
so just wanting to show you as long as
they in the summertime they like to go
into like the flower pots and stuff but
they just look like they're just staying
all nice and warm and cozy and the trees
he looks so cute I wish you had a better
review but it's really neat to see okay
so this other squirrel just came up and
start climbing the trees are scaring
away that cozy little squirrels and like
meet them go up higher and stuff it's
like they're all fighting for the same
tree that's not black squirrel right
there and now he's going down and then
the other squirrels went way up there
no see now they're all gone that wasn't
very nice mr. black squirrel so I'm so
starting I got home and I want to eat
some of the spaghetti to Vicki made mmm
and it's what so sir allow do you leave
I cuz he's got me man oh I'll leave I I
could talk is that money is it is it
would be vice copying everything we know
he's a camera you're gonna be talking
and walking in no time anyways so I went
to go eat some of this garlic bread I'm
so hungry gonna just you know the oven I
took Isaac was trying to slice it it was
so hot when I was cutting it and I try
taking a baby bird its finger oh duh and
my tongue cuz i put the whole piece in
my mouth and I couldn't take a bite look
it's just in there mocking me hey okay
what are we doing what are we gonna do
cazzo who me know what kind of puzzle is
it Lena queen what is this a good one or
what whoa so what do we gotta do to show
me look I don't I can't find him p I
can't hide the bank at King don't wasn't
big cutting away don't be catty about
sound we can't date yeah highway yeah
vaca yellow bus been there all right
yeah I wish I will watch it ah Nia wash
off
why yeah cuz every gross right right
perfect hi look let me see oh yeah
perfect let's do some puzzle yeah you
did it that's the only game build again
nice we can't build it again okay oh
whoa here we go anyway 5 all night okay
toy to leave a lady can't fold it oh you
are Oh Levi you turn oh my head tell me
what hurt you and if anybody throws it
good throw Levi you can't pull it ok
Levi's see a little though he doesn't
know the difference yeah yeah you guys
gonna go to your movie forever I love
you know i would say i love you yet yes
a deck was nobody can see Oh how He
loves you I couldn't let me see you uh
huh Hey Joe how are you yeah he's
talking
nice hurt me whoa hey you do know why
you hiccup read the middle you see he
was going for the soccer ball leave with
your entire bah oh i got ya ah yeah I'm
knees copy me I always something she
says everything is a again say we're so
funny
