it's my birthday I'm 29 oh yeah and
Vicky made me some breakfast look she
mean just this morning she made he said
she got up this morning and bake these
things for me muffins and more muffins
and dumb cinnamon buns do I have the
best wife or do I have the best wife
Vicki you're coming in the shower I love
you so much I really do mmm okay thank
you oh yeah and check out my eyes sweet
gear this work we use trying to sneak
some lovins check out Rock I sweet gear
he's got a new hat it's got new shoes I
see your hat and shoes but do a dance
for me using hip-hop dance show it off
oh yeah go mauka oh you can't hip-hop
the anything those shoes oh you can only
do a flip oh ho let's see if it flipped
in here comes a big flip one two three
go nice nice flip man whoa Oh guys
actually really good breaking yeah mommy
has open the oven so yeah he's got some
sweet new year okay so levi's birthday
is next and we were just chatting about
how cruel is gonna be and I'm making a
prediction leave I will be walking
before his first birthday da da da cuz
he gotta stand out yeah you can tree
stand up I know his ranks yeah so you
think I'm ready so me and I we are
making the same prediction what do you
think money I think maybe just after his
first birthday just after like not even
a week after his first birthday okay
well we'll see who's gonna win
I can hear you dad what we know me too
Levi has a new favorite thing that he's
starting to do next oldest dune in his
mouth and not let it go okay he jumps
down on it anythings it's funny let go
let go for daddy's birthday what are we
gonna do rich dreamers up on the door
say he's gonna walk through the
streamers yeah birthday and what else
are we putting up um balloons and
streamers and what did we make him I'm
cars and hey and King that we're gonna
ice later right are you excited I think
daddy's gonna like it okay for some
decorations on it yeah thank you on the
Cape you mean walls yeah a little bit
yep all right you ready okay so so far
I've had like the best birthday um we
all the girls in my work took me to the
Mandarin for lunch and if you don't know
what the manner it is you have not lived
because it's basically a Chinese food
buffet but all the best food ever
created they even had friggin cotton
candy yeah cotton candy
that they were making in front of us and
we ate it because it was awesome anyways
I had like probably five meals and then
Vicky sends me an email she's like hey
what do you want for supper I'm thinking
to myself I don't think I'm gonna be
able to eat again for like 12 hours or
something's give me like one of those
days work it's midnight and all of a
sudden you're like I need some food
because you ate like super weird amounts
of food anyways it was really good so I
just want to give a shout out to carry
and Gail thanks for taking me out for
lunch today was awesome so we finished
decorating the house for Nick some
little family birthday party we're gonna
have for him um so we'll just show you
what we did so over here when he opens
the door to come in from work I he'll
get hit in the face with streamers the
kids are really excited about that and
then we put some balloons up in the
doorways and then over here we just put
some um like streamers just say happy
birthday just on the windows here and my
kids and then busy running around making
the house all nice and tidy like all the
toys are put away in the baskets see
that look she's clean up the movies my
kids are awesome yeah and even leave I
helped out mm-hmm cuz he was a good boy
when we were hanging up the streamers
and stuff what's wrong is that right hi
buddy and we have a cake over here in
this messy kitchen that I'm gonna try to
tidy up before nick gets home but here's
our cake right here and we just have to
ice it so I better get going because I
used for 40 and it gets home at five so
I don't want to do this I better go but
we should want to show you what we did
and hopefully will
it's nick when he gets home so that we
can I take footage of him walking
through streamers so stay tuned so we've
got nicks presents here all ready to go
when H of us made a card they all made a
card and we got a body on look out here
at the window looking and there's his
man so we know he's gonna come in the
door soon so we better get over there
let's get in there and we're all gonna
say we're all you say one two three
happy birthday soon as he comes in the
door birthday birthday no happy Thank
You harmony and she should clean the
whole house for you oh man thank you
thanks happy I love you birthday for you
yeah oh yeah I got a key okay okay so
Vicky and the kids got me this cool new
sweater for my birthday and these
sweatpants which I am on the fence about
cuz i don't know if you can see them
they're kind of tight right like did
like girls sweatpants yeah what do you
think I'm not sure anyways they're
really comfortable but I don't know
where girls foot fence really truly girl
she says she got in the guy sex of a who
knows abney is inside the new home movie
here that we made for hey did you stop
your movie
why skates are associate turner movie
off let's look aside hey have any how do
you like your movie theater is it pretty
good okay check it out let's show you
what it's like so you go in the movie
theater and bam oh there's your movie
pretty sweet pretty sweet so if you want
to know how to build this I got to put a
link below and you can see the
instructions last time I checked the
birthday boys was employed as scandalous
I want to realize I want a relay what
yeah I don't want to relay and get the
blow I even get to inhale let alone
exhales okay this time I'll blowing up
the candles and I want you to sing again
everybody get ready to sing this time
you guys seen your hearts out happy
birthday you don't blow my cabin
anyway babe Superman us would you die
don't even think about it don't even
think about it it's gave me mine to blow
thank you everybody oh yeah what'd you
say again
