today's Wednesday so what's up Maddie
yesterday was my birthday I got really
really really cool
and it's it's pretty awesome gotta chill
oh and let it all binocular glasses but
like this chill oh it's kind of cool
for four hours and then Italy
hello or it keeps you cool
but I hate the mistake of putting it in
the freezer and it's us it in very bold
letters you don't
hey first instruction do not play in
freezer and they're like this but I have
the freezer for hours
so I think I broke my pillow yeah it's
now what chill guys sorry Jess I think
we're gonna make it today we're gonna
make it I have a guidance appointment
exactly I like beginning of first period
at 805 and we're never at school for 805
because someone wears that me I spent
five hours getting ready in the morning
I you know I spent five hours getting
ready and I was trying to eat a
grapefruit today he spends more time
getting ready than I do that might be
true but it's because I get ready slowly
if I got ready make it fast I could be
right on time what he doesn't realize is
that like I brush to get everything done
and then I fix it in the car like I do
my makeup in the car I brushed my teeth
in the car this morning yeah but if she
had three kids then maybe maybe she
would understand okay so I'm just on my
lunch break here and it was such a nice
day I thought I'm gonna go for Ike so
I'm out here in the nice weather hiking
away it's just starting to snow it's
really beautiful I'm listening to my
audiobook on my phone I mean it's great
it's just great I suggest that if you're
anywhere near a trail or anything like
that on your lunch break take the time
go so I enjoy it because most people
don't get to be this lucky man so get
out there so I'm almost done my hike and
I'm realizing that it's so much easier
to go down a hill then it is uphill oh
how they go all the way up there and I'm
really tired I think I should start
working out again cuz I'm starting to
get a little bit fat to think he's
always like oh look at that big fat
belly you're getting I can't help but
man I love food so good and I hate
working out i like being outside those
so if I keep doing stuff like this on my
lunch break and everything it'll help me
lose some of that belly fat oh no I get
big sumo wrestler or anything but I'm
starting to get like sec
a third rolls you know so anyways I got
to try and make it out on top of this
hill and back to work on time to finish
my lunch break or four get back to work
a guy's not finished my lunch break
alright y'all so big but halfway up oh
I'm sorry to sweat so bad i hope i can
cool off before i have to go back to the
office mm-hmm I don't want to be that
stinky sweaty guy I did it yeah take
that hill whoo man there's a serious
workout walking the snow is tough I
don't care who you are misto oh it was
really fun but I'm glad that hills over
with now I'm gonna go pound back the
rest of my lunch I get back to the
office and be the sweaty stinky guy that
everybody tries to avoid ok watch this
Levi's gonna walk maybe stop he was
walking go Levi good job buddy whoa
we're gonna jump to I think someone
wants your attention I'll hang your
pledge additions weirdo walking what
does it go of me cha cha yeah good job
buddy on time oh yeah sure yay
ebony and milk and I are going to hang
up those airplanes with me yesterday on
the fan and then we're going to turn the
thing on the fly there's only five
decide it yeah okay she goes Avenue and
mouth guys playing for takeoff it's
gonna go fast it gets faster and faster
whoa cool MLK Malcolm i kin trance if
this is a good tip if your kids are
going wild and you want them just to be
quiet and sit down at a seat place to a
fan and then lost look it was both been
quieted okay i thinkwell just you too
dear 3d 3d 3d 3d 3d so this morning i
was going to eat grapefruit and i
haven't had one since I was a kid so I
can't remember exactly how the Prairie
so I cut in half and then I put some
sugar on top of it and I start trying to
gouge out the pieces of grapefruit and
then Maddie came to George like her you
gotta go don't you need have a guidance
appointment so she was like trying to
rush me and then I'm trying to spring
gaucha and I came to go through like
half of one half of a grapefruit and
then I had to just quit and then i'm at
work my mom business and i get any mail
from vicky it is oh how do you get
ripped through I don't like what's this
i click on it is like the dumbest
looking dude actually was that dumb so
you're probably going to see his videos
so i take if he's on this watching this
but you made a silliest video it seems
like like idiots guide to how to eat a
grapefruit and she said to see me it was
really funny I felt really embarrassed
to go anyway so now I know how do you
get grapefruit I'm going to eat it right
tomorrow
