so we are on our way out for dinner
tonight because ebony asked me earlier
if if we could go out for dinner and I
said the West for dad and Nick was in
the bathroom and she yelled to the door
um what you say good I said to all my
data that can we go out for supper and
he heard um dad can I go over there and
he said yeah and I heard her eyes and I
heard Nick say yeah so I was really
surprised that he said let's go out for
dinner so um ebony came out all excited
like gay we get to go in for dinner and
I was like wars most surprising I guess
and then forget we're getting ready and
everything and and ain't he's like
what's going on and we're like we're
going out for dinner and he's like we
are and he had no clue what was going on
he didn't know they you said yes to
going out for supper he had no clue so
it was really really funny and then we
obviously had to vote for supper because
she was already so excited because her
dad said yes are you doing it's going to
close to ride bye bye bye bye bye bye
bye so now we're going out for supper so
how can I just got a haircut whoo-oop
here's all of our hair is blue you're
thinking yourself wow how did you guys
get such amazing haircuts who did that
for you can go to the barber shop but
you were never here with you that's
right I did it me I'm okay right yeah
now what are you doing what are you I
can't go okay what is that hair job oh
good bro yeah okay we're gonna put some
hair gel in one start to look good for
her d cuz we're all going to swiss
chalet boys and girls heck yeah oh ok
let's enjoy your hairy don't touch
oh oh yeah maokai what is stud I'll go
over huh there you go man yeah I was
trying to get into our boys on Lance
please there you go bow for you go bro
here we go looking good anybody uh-huh
looking good oh my gosh yeah oh girl
learns she's got a key let's get her
mouth I boys only ah oh stop by the door
so we're not going to swish Shelly
anymore because I really thought that I
had a gift card and nickels like just
make sure you have it before we go I was
like oh my god no I said make sure you
have it before you tell Avenue I was
like uh abney was a coup d'oeil socially
and I was like only if mom has a gift
card and then mum was like yeah but she
doesn't I was alright i didn't think she
but i really do have one and i will do a
video when I find it I displaced it and
don't know where it is so with that the
gift card we can't go special a so
instead we're gonna go out and get a
pizza that is until cheap and watch the
Olympics yeah I'm trying to watch our
speed skating all day and big using I
want to watch it to you but you can't
watch over that mean this is doing all
kinds of boring stuff so I couldn't
watch it so now is my time to watch it
watch it eating pizza oh yeah kiddos are
gonna come with me oh my god she's a
hubby she's had I feel bad but oh ok
yeah
