okay so last night was the worst night
of my entire life we buy a la carte
feeling sick and leave I had to sleep in
our bed because he could sleep what and
he was doing that all day hit her up to
my sleeve and he was slapping me in the
face head-butting me in the face kicking
me in the back rolling on top of me and
I don't think I slept all night and I
kept having all these weird dreams about
like being a super mad at Vicki ooh
somebody is saying something on a
Facebook page anyway so I had all his
super weird dreams of being really mad
at Vicki like Oh Ron over and over again
so like I kept dreaming and being so mad
and then waking up and being so mad at
Levi and going back to sleep and
dreaming me so mad at Nikki it was the
worst sleep in my entire life my entire
life and now I have to go to work hey
Malik I would he only do with that puppy
you'll keep paying to work why I go 1
oak I eat up but you'll keep being a
batch welcome me back to my house I can
bring it back give me and back you can't
go you can't go take my place don't care
and you're welcome back to my puppet bad
leg and my bed ok I'll bring your puppy
to work and put it back in your bed is
he gonna be bad as I work my is he be
quiet oh he's guys work shirt on ok so
today Malakai wants me to take his
little dog to work so he took a ride in
the backpack because he wasn't allowed
to go in my pocket and now
and now we're going to make some videos
for him of the dog doing cool stuff at
work oh hey puppy glad rive the car okay
let's go come on we gotta get to work
okay so about how your dog really wanted
to drive into one today so I couldn't
stop so he's really good driver that
check out
business
not bad not bad good idea bring him to
work buddy there's a Dalek heart of work
in
and
so the dog and a pretty rough day at
work today
so yeah we're going to go home to see
Malachi get a little R&R time in came
back I look your dogs home don't open up
and see him he had a busy day at work
today is he in there still open him up
open him up easy in there there he is
he's home where you going you're gonna
go put it back in your bed I got two
packages say in the mail I'm going to
open them up and then show you what's
inside they got mailed to me I got them
for free but uh the postal services suck
because they I didn't pay any money for
these two products that are sent to me
for free and then I yeah it sucks and
then i have to pay stupid HST and PSD
and all that stupid crap and HST and GST
or whatever it is and so i'm going to
pay them fifty bucks for one of them and
then if you're the one i debate 26 bucks
like what the heck man how come i'm
playing tax on something I'd even pay
for ah ok so i'll show you what's in the
boxes ok so inside my box was one
cheltenham egg it's a really cool
hammock or at least it looks cool it's
got insulation on the bottom side of it
so you can keep warm and in the other
package was SMR sierra madre research
they came out with this new Paris
hammock and it's got so many cool
features are they can't wait to pretty
tri-state
it's going to be awesome and if you're
wondering what is making all the times
you also send me to school suspension so
fair meters shelter we sent me this a
bag to store my hammock with the
installation some suspension too but
yeah so if you're wondering why I have
all the stuffs because i have another
channel it's called backpack biker and
you can't hard that channel and you can
see my reviews of different hannah gears
and no dear can't be stuff things like
that so you can check that out to it
like
