today's Wednesday so what's up Mattie
so today what's up we are so late today
it's eight o'clock and i'm supposed to
be as well 4805 and we still got like
technical bliss today is just a
stressful day
it's not my quality late no this was I
thought I usually did up I leave the
house for 720 you can take that
and I didn't wake up till so
so that was a problem and then I have
I'm late for freaking co-op I have a
vote go solo today and I'm a math test
I'm factoring and I don't even know
factories it's so good I don't know why
factoring inside I thought it was like
factory and like the math you may use in
a factory
neither one of us know what's going on I
know how to add and subtract multiply
but that's it I barely know how to
divide and I've spilled my tea only five
times this morning
yeah so that's what's up what's up
before I forget I want to give a shout
out to a she said dorleac you know
what's up we have known them for like
most of my life yeah we don't hang out a
lot but we're still friends on Facebook
so what's up I'm a way to work day I
gave a shout out to Ashley and Leah and
then I was on my lunch break at work and
I noticed the facebook chat going on
about Ashley and she was all like I'm
strong and there's a bunch of other
stuff she said I can't remember exactly
what it was now but and I was like yeah
I wouldn't want to get a fight with you
you probably be able to beat me up or
something and then she was all like yeah
like in grade eight now I'm like what
like in grade eight I don't remember you
beating me up a grade 8 and then Leah
comes on too and she's all like yeah
those were the good old days beating the
grandpa dick or something like that she
didn't say that exactly but I'm just
paraphrasing here and next thing you
know there was a Facebook thing going on
here saying that I get beat up by girls
basically and that's one everybody out
there to know on youtube I don't get
beat up at girls yeah sure they can
punch you and kick you and hurt you but
it's just because guys aren't allowed to
fight back I mean if we were allowed to
do that kind of stuff I don't think
girls may beat us up baby thinking twice
they'd be all like whoa should I mess
with Nick he's a pretty big dude I'm
pretty intimidated by him so I just want
to put that out there yeah girls don't
go around beating up on me so valachi's
got an imaginary friend now and he's
gonna tell us about him okay who's Mac
your boyfriend what's he look like
you're gonna go to your party his knees
back is he big yeah he can reach the
light that's pretty cool that's pretty
big what else can you do yeah
what my wife made this delicious soup
it's chicken parmesan but I don't have
any teeth don't like cheese cut tomatoes
chicken herbs garlic onion all kind of
stuff homemade croutons hmm okay I
attract dad good hey you're gonna try it
and then don't like it how you doing i
can like it give me try hey what are you
doing busted don't call her on the table
with markers busted wait okay we're
gonna play charades yeah I'm he's gonna
go first open it fresh milk yeah okay
going great cool ya go niacin
I'm here they go and you're not going to
make any noises hey smell like a panda
is it big yeah Oh doggone charades and
we had a really fun time and now we're
gonna get ready for bed who's ready to
go to bed oh it ok we'll see you
tomorrow
