that's not a stool but I help you for be
careful what are you trying to reach in
there can you haven't you get down and
ask mommy for help what means you climb
up there anyway so lean what are you
trying to reach Oh your water you put
them both in there this one yeah and are
you want both yeah and this one yeah oh
this one's really cold mm-hmm I all day
I shall get cake go for me so for her
and keep it all cold yeah yeah what are
you doing no don't put that whole thing
in your mouth no no no just take a bite
that's too big
gentlemen will finish train what's in
your mouth first ah now look I better
really chew that that's a lot in your
mouth son doubt yeah it slipped down
yeah yeah Barry save like mm mm mm mm Oh
no ha mmm oh cool i'm on yea what this
book then once I down to let's get right
down to I think that's a big piece to
slide down I'm gonna make it your time
one okay you make it into a tiny one how
do you do that 10 how do you make it
time here all right we don't ain't that
like my big piece like dick that's a big
piece yeah so it oh that's a week away I
can't think you'll get killed it ok
noted Oh little bites yeah Oh game on
again cold yeah where do you wanna get
cool again at Todd Lee your waters are
you cold again yeah where you're laying
coal gas a cool game we're not seeing
more nothing more
are you left in here is the word unless
a realistic wait it was no Gabe a cool
anymore no cuz it's on the fridge
anymore yeah mm-hmm cuz the fridge keeps
things cold yeah like a one key turn it
up I want why that's I'm mommy says keep
the fridge door closed right right right
and so things are kept cold my family
got hurt your feeling yeah mr. Silva
okay okay cursor over silly I can't take
a picture of your feelings oh no you
want me to turn off yeah if your way all
the camera no the radio okay I told to
trim radio up not the camera so I
looking for cording and I will turn them
for you I can't I stout Oh mommy went
and turned it off all right all right
mm-hmm are you done your lunch oh yeah I
got eight blocks or what may befall your
fall yeah I may I'll make it be a way
they cool again ok so the whoopee cool
yeah we are Kim Hey look back cocktail
like there because to like Nikolay the
fear right yeah like the freezer okay
bye in his lunch hmm are you done your
bench Levi a flat look cool even your
nap are you ready for your nap no no
you're not ready for your nap yeah why
fluffy your been annoying for brain
can't miss your hands off see one ahem
so he'll wait up hope you can feed
himself buddy night till late is too
late I are Kari um what did you do over
here what did mommy say what's open can
you please close the fridge oh oh you're
getting more watered boy you could close
it and then open it again you know oh ok
now hiding like that other one I will be
dearly mm-hmm flash flash hey mom Hossa
fridge
they're not a headache another headache
yeah why would you get a headache from
closing the fridge are you okay yeah
okay okay a good job oh we have an ice
pack out too hey hey that goes in this
in the freezer right yeah mm thank you I
kick out yeah all right are you did yep
all right oh we oh okay I'm gonna put
his milk in the fridge yeah okay cool so
we go laughing well this is Malachi
favorite thing to do lately is open and
close the fridge yeah because he's got
strong enough muscles to open it now
well now that everyone's done lunch um
we're gonna have quiet time my favorite
time of the day and um Levi still saying
no to having a nap but you will and then
I can have some time all right thank you
say bye
