okay so I want to tell you the top five
free last minute Valentine's Day gifts
that you can get for your husband so if
you've waited till the last minute you
don't know what you're gonna do anything
and uh it's expecting something from me
I don't know what to get you don't have
any money
don't worry this is gonna help you
number one nothing says I love you like
some sweet lovemaking everybody knows it
I'm just gonna put them on the table
that's number one for every guy so I
don't mind all the time
just get her good that's gonna make us
happy
number two cook their favorite meal once
they get home from work or wherever they
are that day how their favorite meals
sitting there ready for them to eat
they're gonna be happy they always say a
way to the man's heart is through what
his stomach so simple Thanksgiving to
cook a stranger meal
number three words of affirmation this
is key things like hey I really
appreciate you wow you're an amazing guy
well I love everything about you
those are the kind of things guys like
to hear they may not admit to it but
they like it put some little notes in
his lunch box call on my behalf an hour
and tell how great he is and all the
things that he can do and wow man Lee it
is how strong he is
these are the kind of things we like is
guys so that's a great Valentine's Day
to get gift to get throughout the day
number four let him pick the movie if
you guys are gonna watch a movie online
we're gonna maybe get one of your old
films out whatever it is let him pick
who cares it is full of action and guts
and blood and all kinds of crazy guy
stuff that we like just let him pick is
gonna make his Valentine's Day so much
better and then he's gonna go back to
his buddies and be like dude you're not
gonna believe it we watched freakin die
hard all night last night it rocked and
then you're gonna be number one okay
last but not least number five
powerhouse clean when he gets home and
have his favorite treats baked for him
so when you sit down watch that movie
you're gonna be all like oh you hungry
is like
I know I ate all that delicious food you
made for me earlier but I'm still a
little bit hungry and then he's like
Wham how about some brownies he lived
what this is the best Valentine's day of
my life or BAM oh how about some
fresh-baked cookies you like yes boom my
wife rocks so if you want to become
number one wife this year for
Valentine's Day
those are the top five free last minute
Valentine's to eat gifts that you can
get for your husband I'm telling you
it's gonna work he's gonna be happy and
you're gonna be number one
trust me I know
