hey guys so we're getting into the stage
of winter that I don't like when
everything's all slushy and Bucky and
gross like I'll go the snow now it's all
like dirt and brown the ground is so
dirty because they put sand on the
ground to get rid of Isis off but that
just ends up making in the biggest mess
when spring comes along because they all
the weather stuff like that shoots the
sand up in the air because detergents
like this dust and then if you have
allergies like the worst thing ever so
yeah kind of sucks so I'll you people
think you wish you had snow and nice
winter this is the crap part of Center
so this big fluffy orange tabby cat just
came to our door and it's being all cute
and what's the coal and snuggle with us
and we won't even let me get a cat she
won't even let me get cat and look what
happens it's like God telling us we
should get cat my cat I'll miss you hey
guys so Malik I had come home from
school early today why just come early
mom hi hope cuz they said to cut miss
Gibson made me gopher no cuz she's sad
son I'm kind of like my kind of my I was
Freddie yeah I see it look over here
keep your eye keep your head still I
look your eyes over here just her eyes
just tries to move right over here a
little bit pink look your eyes over that
way that's all right there yeah so they
think he has pink eye so they still
gonna go home and so we have to get
another doctor see how it is but I hope
he doesn't cuz that's the worst hey guys
so Vicki got home and she looked at
mouth as I and she does not think his
pink eyes she thinks it's like a cold
Avenue had it last week that same thing
she never got sent home I remember
having yeah she did her I'll exactly
like that and I was fighting for it was
pink ining had my mom look at it I know
what I think is cool nice cuz he
everybody knows yesterday yeah but it's
also cousin had that discharge her puss
eNOS at all nothing I'm gonna take him
to the doctor pitcher it's it's not
pinkeye just saying school cuz I've had
pink eye and I know it's like a beauty
blessin it doesn't leave any cause
whatsoever and he's really touching his
eye so tomorrow were just taking her
school I guess and if they send him home
and sent him home but I don't think they
will sent him home twice in a row to you
they're probably why I be like did you
go doctor's note did they do that at
schools I don't think we've ever been
asked
dr. snow for pink I don't do that oh
they don't thank you
you
