hey guys how's it going so today I have
a big photo shoot so I will be busy
doing that all morning and I think
Albanese going to go get some McDonald's
toys you can't read about what are they
called again you can use some beanie
boos do you guys know what beanie boos
are that's what they are just gonna try
and get some more shirt no game I'll
show you what she's got
- yep this is Bert so this is P that
this is sportful this is can't cut this
mister this is magic it just wow you
really know the Ray
how'd you memorize all their names was
art yeah guess how many more do you
think you're gonna get all of these just
finished my photo shoot went really good
and I hope that more people will book
this one with for me because it's super
cute look at how cute this is so like
you get the hardy background to get the
cool floor with all the background stuff
it ends up being like a super cute photo
shoot for little kids so it's too bad
more people than book I didn't I've
never done a Valentine's photo shoot
like for my kids oh so when I heard
people asking for I thought it was kind
of weird but if that's what you like I
mean go for it and it does look really
cute I gotta say hey guys so I'm gonna
cut up some cantaloupe because it's
delicious I don't want to eat it
so we're on our way to trade all these
junky toys from McDonald's for a venes
beanie boos so they're called yeah
excited I hope they have the ones you
want it's not just like a pile of old
ones or something so we tried to get all
those beanie bops
beanie boos but the only one that they
had was an orange elephant and went to
the peanut and we went to you both
McDonald's in town so we're ought to
come back another day see if we get more
in so Abney what did you get brand news
yesterday
well listing you got rollerblades from
your aunt Jen used to be our cousins and
now they don't fit anymore so to give it
her you know Abney loves them you're
riding them around the house all day all
day you've been running for a while have
fun
you can't wait for a summer I guess a
dry my side me too I know she makes the
make her so tall she's a little teenager
so this summer Vicki and I are both
planned to get real ways so we can like
try and do a little bit of exercising
with them and role play around cuz I've
heard it's really good actually so we're
gonna get them Abney just got those now
she's saying she wants go with us
