hey guys what's up so today I just got
another package from amazon which is
some more photography right there hi the
awesome Levi's playing skateboard and
he's pretty pumped anyway I got this
photography quicker than excited about I
know your family go that's awesome cool
he's playing games in Lego and all this
other stuff anyways i got this equipment
that i'm excited about because i feel
like it's gonna really enhance my
pictures because it's some really cool
equipment and i'll show you guys in a
second when i open it up if that's what
it is i think that's what I'm just we'll
check it out
now what was so important that you were
screaming at me about my go skateboard
uncle pit whoa what does a good job I
don't feel like death whoa that was a
really good job man I dope you're like a
Lego skateboarding master huh do you
think dad's awesome do you guys remember
what I was trying to make welcome all
the other day and it sucked and failed
well my ball or my avocados were not
properly ripened so these ones are
pretty squishy so I'm gonna try and make
some more welcome oh you're playing with
these bad guys let's see them oh you
want that guy let's see your bad guy
show me back yeah that's a bad guys
fighter yeah that's a spider bad guy ooh
gross daddy I'll see you later oh no am
i setting it you touch it down my wall
was but okay hey guys so here is my
guacamole redemption baby check it out
does it look any better I think it looks
a lot better than the first one still
nice smooth as I would like I probably
could have left those condos a little
bit longer but when i try to in another
breeder rep because that was delicious
hey guys so this is my workout room /
storage room / kind of just jumped room
but what i want to do is get rid of all
this stuff
and kind of put like a little desk there
maybe see if it'll fit and then make
myself a little space where I can come
down and do some work quietly without
anybody being around to bother me hey
what are you doing down here ha mr. look
and weezy hey it probably won't work as
you can see and it's got the furnace in
your stand no easy but it would be nice
to have a little bit of space i can come
and just have my stuff so it turns out
there's a lot of trash in this little
space i got one full garbage bag this
pile of garbage it's a lot more work i
thought i was going to be I just
finished up this part of everything got
this little desk in here good my bouncy
ball chair might put my laptop and stuff
there and I can kind of work on things
in a quieter room I just need to fix up
whole this so then I go through that
later then I'll should be done then this
my entire room kind of finished and it
was all like an awesome man cave but hey
a man keeps man cave everyone gets to
have a little bit of summer
