hey guys just going through a way so
we're going to the library you want to
go oh wow didn't eat that allowed we're
go over yeah yeah Vicki's go get some
books don't I look like a read books
looks awesome so they don't have makeup
on so I'm hiding right yeah my lack of
makeup with my glasses you look pretty
without makeup to me thanks you guys
think this is really pretty that's it
Nikki's getting bucks I'm gonna try and
find some recipe books try and get some
new recipes and we need get some movies
for later tonight for Phil movie night
so that's what we're doing do you guys
ever forget to return stuff to the
library and then end up going a lot of
money yes somebody we know does that
every time I feel like every time you go
to live we have to pay 20 bucks it's
like the most expensive family outing we
do going to library because we have
everything over do so much guys it is
nice and sunny out here but it is
freezing cold it's like when you come
inside the air is so so brisk 'uncle
like boom Canada you need a waffle no
way
Vicky you got enough books there and
I'll vine you look like session dear
agree now I know my glasses we got a lot
of books if you can't tell big huge
recipe book Nick God Guddi gotta eat man
Gotti kid so I just went to the grocery
store and bought all new ingredients for
this new recipe like I try different
oils like different vegetables and
things and it was gonna be so good and
then the first step on the list is an
ingredient that I don't have I missed it
it's the worst when that happens so now
I can't do it so I'm definitely not
going back outside is way too cold out
there
