so I finally get to go out for a little
bit today and it's going to be nice to
have just quiet car time i guess but i
forgot my glasses off so I've different
phase classes I know they look
ridiculous but there's something about
country that's just nice like open space
know people everywhere not a gazillion
cars on the road that houses every five
centimeters it's just nice so I like
driving through the country to get into
the big town
you
you
I don't know why but every time I Drive
through country I always think it that
country song from that movie Country
Strong I think it's called a strong
present I'm country stroke you know that
one this is pretty good movie if you
like country stuff
so I need to get a new door knob and
then I found this door aisle does this
remind you of monsters incorporated
where they have to hit the door and like
opens it to a kid's bedroom or whatever
I scare them it's like the door factory
so there's a crap ton of doorknobs and
they're super expensive check it out
keep going on and on and on and on okay
guys so I'm done shopping at lowes got
my baseball got my doorknob and did I
tell you what the baseboard for is for
photography so we set up a base board to
break up the floor mat and the backdrop
because it looks cooler but we got the
new backdrops or six feet wide and our
other ones were five feet wide I think
so they didn't fit quite right so I had
to go get a new base board to do that
set up properly so that's my way to get
that and then the doorknob I just
remembered I need one and then there was
that cool halldor's anyways so now i
might just bum around in town for a
little bit because i don't feel like
going back home i'm tired i'm there all
the time I'm getting handsy okay guys so
I'm going to attempt to install the
doorknob and some of his weather
stripping stuff that I bought for the
door
ok so after putting that new doorknob
and lock on the entire door isn't seemly
tsunade's weatherstrip yeah we're gonna
play a game yeah we're about to play
star wars on the week so he's super
excited no no Libby's not gonna play
right just me and you girls were leaving
yeah just boys only yeah so I wanted to
try wed to strip these two doors but
it's not cold enough and I can't feel or
the pols coming in now and whether the
power opening is making a difference if
you can't try it there's too little yeah
so I'm gonna do this when it's cold
outside I think super yeah awesome oh
yes nice guy give you that guy yeah oh i
misread yeah oh cool I apotheke guy oh
you're gonna be that trick what oh we're
both gonna be Shrek there it is play Oh
bad guys are they coming mm oh oh good
bag I got me oh it's a bad guy that's
the gig I that's Luke Skywalker or oh
there's that bad guy
okay there's a bad guy bad guy I like a
bad guy yeah yeah hmm no oh oh bad guy
bad guys dick tastes assy yeah yeah
there's Joe Vader oh oh oh they're
coming huh this vodka yeah mummy case
bug guy hmm did you not bad guy is it
good guy wow that guy's they're coming
guys shoot them there's Agatha guys like
that bad day you want to fight them ok
let's do it ok so the living room is a
mess so I'm gonna clean it up I feel
like every vlog it's just me saying hey
I gotta clean up this room hey guy clean
up this room I can't wait until one day
that we were so rich they were able to
afford a maid
you
