so I just finished my workout and now
I'm going to make a smoothie with some
protein powder to try it out fail but a
lot of people are her commenting on
YouTube lately saying things about like
a whole food diet so I'm think I'm
looking at up today see what that is all
about because it sounds printing and the
workout alone doesn't seem to be doing
enough for me so I want to add something
to it like a nutritional diet ok so i
just did a bunch of research and it
seems like a whole food diet is
basically just eating food in its
natural form like not eating process or
things are all slap together package and
do a thing seem like fruits and
vegetables and all kinds of things that
you could just get freshly and pick off
of a plan needed type of the stuff or
eat beef this bin like not pasteurized
or he's just grass stuff like that so a
lot of people have been saying to watch
forks to knives or knives and forks or
something and it's on netflix so I'm
gonna go check that out miyota will give
me a little more insight but it seems
like this is one of those diets will end
up costing you a lot of money because
you have to buy all the expensive stuff
in the grocery store just finished
watching the fork over knife documentary
and it was really interesting the stuff
they had to say about the plant-based
ice the whole plant he says Vicki kind
of watched it and listen to the same
time I Vicki I just listened I didn't
watch it so yeah she was listening to it
which there's nothing really to watch
just listening anyways so basically it's
just eating vegetables no dairy no meat
trying to eat hold vegetables it saw
what i understand it a whole whole foods
diet is just becoming a vegetarian so
we're gonna try and look up some recipes
and stuff like that to see if we can
incorporate some of the stuff into our
routine meals and then maybe gradually
moving into that type of diet but i
don't think we could do it at cold
turkey because it's hard with all these
kids to be like here now try this
entirely new meal because they're
probably won't like most of it
so I think I think it's nearly
impossible with kids to do this because
like I don't think I'd get enough food
into them there have a good used to it I
honestly don't think I get enough food
into that that's why I think you have to
do it over time like you can't just cold
turkey weekend yeah it's impossible cuz
I mean I think they're pretty good
within their vegetables yeah is a leaky
sink there's a plate of vegetables for
dinner yeah exactly i mean like i don't
know but I'm sure there's really
creative ways to make the meals so if
you guys know any let us know in the
comments below but if you want to see
how it goes feel free to subscribe
because we're super picky feel free to
subscribe because we're going to start
trying to do this a little bit more
gradually and you kind of come along the
journey with this hey guys what's up so
I am going to go and try and find some
ingredients for one of these whole food
vegetable based diets so I'm gonna try
and make black brain like came and
talked and then I go try and make black
bean burritos so I doing some more
research and apparently you can do like
a couple of different variations of this
whole food thing and one of them
involves eating meat but it has to be
meat then like has been pasteurized I
guess or hesitant I'm so bad at this has
to be meat that has eaten grass only and
like natural things you want everything
that you need to have eaten natural
things or to be naturally growing things
so you don't want things that are
processed or like given all kinds of
hormones to increase their body fat so
that there's more meat on them stuff
like that so I'm going to go try and
make this meal because I figure out to
make seven breakfast meals seven lunch
meals in seven dinner meals those are
the I need recipes for all those things
so it's not going to be easy so I'm
gonna go get the burrito stuff and I'm
gonna try and get a zucchini or squash
spaghetti spaghetti squash so the fourth
esket so I'm gonna try that too
Oh
hey guys my black-bean guacamole
burritos done at right Bob that's pretty
good especially since I don't think i
made the guacamole quite right it was a
little too hard I went on periscope to
ask people who look to write every was
like no it does not look good but it
tastes really good so I'm gonna keep
eating this and I'll talk to you later
nothing like a good old-fashioned Oh
ball fight on your way home from school
leave I can't get me in an attempt to
make myself healthier I decided to try a
squash spaghetti this is well looks like
you've never seen it comes as a giant
squash like this and you put a regular
spaghetti sauce leave I liked it do you
like it ask my office oh yeah I should
you like in the spaghetti FG it's not
sick you ate the spaghetti Frankie yeah
so it's called VI squash do you like it
ya gotta kick you hate it don't you her
happening she thinks it's the worst I
don't know why she really doesn't like
it ok what do you think of the spaghetti
squash yucky you don't like it why not
because it has the scotch
I don't like squatching it oh my gosh
never be mad squash so it looks like so
far is just me and Levi is like a big
gun no big done a big one yeah big bite
well this is where the struggle is it
may not be changing our lifestyle to eat
healthy but out trying to get the kids
eat healthy is really challenging
