hey guys what's up so i'm just chillin
of my new favorite spot on the beanbag
chair and libby's fall asleep on me here
hey guys so we were kind of having a
boring day inside the house all day and
have been doing anything down game brain
freeze kind of what do we call it we
call it what are you guys calling your
head guards from being at the computer
for too long anyways come on guys yeah I
free one jeans hey so yeah my head's
hurting for that so I'm like let's get
out of here go get a story get some
ingredients and make some cookies or
something so we're going to try to get
some stuff to make cookies and then
these two guys are in their jammies I'm
like you can't come with your dress
they're right out and get dressed before
I get ready so they could come because
you wanted to go so bad right yeah so we
got all stuff for me for baking
the kids keep running around playing
let's go time to go you're gonna try
scaring me I heard you talking then I
scared you hahaha okay get you a little
bit de su mal que hay go no I didn't
scare you
ah you ready let me know I face then we
don't take soon easy does it get even a
egg that is not Susie like this is like
milk I don't know I'm gonna sing you
know her mouth with that baby duck duck
Duck Duck yeah baby oh baby yeah Levi
stop screaming aah aah
Levi is Libby eating food now yeah yeah
she doesn't like you no no no she isn't
it gross yeah yeah yeah Oh No so I'm
going to try and make these chewy
coconut cookies but I never made them
before so we'll see how they taste
Diggy's being such a good girl over here
aren't you living yeah you just relaxing
and chilling out the whole time yes
Africa can get cookies cooking mama's
got some good stuff growing up I see him
mommy's got some good yeah I didn't see
Kourtney and she's microwaving a chicken
you should what you don't tell your back
and reporting here you thought Mickey
microwaves chicken and actually she's
really good but it's weird because his
microwave so you're like this can't
taste good but it does strange okay
here's the coconut cookie very good and
very Julia hmm you want to eat this
cookie here try it here try bite cookies
before supper if you guys want the
recipe but if you let me know in the
comments below and I'll add it into the
comments or so or into the description
