but hangout is now live all right hi
everyone thank you for coming to check
out our hangout on switching to a whole
foods or a vegan diet this is gareth
bottom he's a good friend of mine and he
is probably you want to just give you a
quick quick introduction about your
channel going vegan to what it's all
about sure um hi guys my going vegan
channel is is basically what it says in
the title I someone I set up the channel
I just shortly gone vegan it's been
about eight months now and I've just
been sort of slowly adding like recipes
and things that I've discovered and yeah
just thoughts reviews going out to
different restaurants along the way so
it's still kind of I feel in the early
stages but I'd love you to go by and
check it out let me know if you any
questions bummer cool well uh what I've
done is prepared a few questions for you
Gareth that are some things that I've
been thinking about what I'm trying to
figure out whether or not this is the
right choice for me and my family and I
think probably a bunch of questions that
a lot of other people have to the first
one would be what was your decision like
what was the main reason why you thought
maybe I should switch becoming a vegan
or maybe I should switch to vegetarian
or what were the steps that made you
just make this decision okay well it's
been like a transition for me I was
vegetarian for way longer than then I
have been a vegan and the original
reason I went vegetarian was because I
was doing a lot of yoga at the time and
I wanted to become a yoga teacher and
traditionally the yoga teachers have
always been a vegetarian because of a
certain branch of yoga called ahimsa
which is non-violence and so I guess
that also relates to the violence
towards animals and they didn't want to
consume that violence is like a
spiritual edge to it I just did it
because that's what they get I didn't
really analyze that at the time so I
went to being a vegetarian and it was a
vegetarian for quite a few years that I
moved to China for a while and it was
difficult so I stopped being a
vegetarian was actually when I moved to
Canada after I first started thinking
about becoming vegan and it was because
of certain documentaries that were
appearing on netflix and some of the
modern science I was becoming so the
getting aware of and because of my
health history well actually happened as
I got very sick and I've not really been
able to pinpoint the reason why I got
sick but I was convinced that it was
something that I ate and I was bedridden
for a few days and my doctor thought it
was something to do with my intestines
anyway um it made me think of my mum who
died of cancer when I was 19 because she
she was very weak and she couldn't move
around a lot and I really wanted to
avoid that at all costs so I kind of
thought about what I could do for myself
in terms of a healthy diet as as I said
I'd watched night of forks and it really
sort of spoke true to me and so that's
when I first committed to like a whole
food plant-based diet eventually closed
mold like a strong veganism philosophy
cool um I know you have kids and I have
kids and changing just my diet is not
something as simple and the more I read
about it the more research I find that
there's a lot of things that I would
want this diet to be affected in my kids
as well as my life in my wife's life but
so far with some of the recipes I've
been trying I've been having a hard time
getting my kids to like the food so can
you talk to maybe a little bit about
your challenges of maybe getting
incorporating this food into your kids
diets and maybe if you have some tips
for everybody uh yeah for sure I can and
it's a great question in it's one that I
get asked a lot um because there is this
concern that when you become a vegan
you're somehow lacking in nutrition and
perhaps if you if you believe that then
if you if you feel you are somehow
putting your children at risk by
changing this diet then
it can be of a concern you know someone
could perhaps suggest that you're
abusing your children in some way and if
you if you felt that was that was true
then maybe feel justified in some of
your ax their motions towards that so
when someone asks me that I get a little
it's some some part inside me gets a
little bit defensive because I feel like
they might think that I'm somehow
damaging my children in some way but
what I've come to learn is especially
since I've only been vegan a long time
is it's socially impossible to get your
children to to go vegan like feeling cuz
I've bought my children up on a Western
diet and so they're already familiar
with the foods that they like and foods
that they don't like and children don't
really like vegetables as it is right
they don't yeah the certain foods that
they don't riken if you suddenly giving
them plates of vegetables and you're
gonna have like a fight from from the
start so why would recommend is what
I've done is my son really likes nuggets
so I just simply replaced the Nuggets
that he used to have with with
vegetarian nuggets and he can't tell the
difference to him they're exactly the
same and sometimes I'll eat one of these
vegetarian nuggets and I'll be worried
that I've actually accidentally eaten a
chicken nugget because some of them are
so familiar now oh really really it's
gonna like which brand of Nagurski like
what is more awesome I can't remember
right now but I'll message it to you
okay cool we had to double check the
back cuz kaylene almost spat it out my
wife my wife has become vegan so it's
the I can't express how helpful that has
been at me and killing her both vegan
were both going on this journey together
if I would recommend that to anyone
because it's hard to do when you're not
be honest but in terms of my children I
explained to them what I'm doing and why
I'm doing it and then I'll experiment
with certain meals and I'll keep
experiment certain meals because I don't
buy me into my house and I don't buy
well yeah I don't mind dairy the only
thing that comes into my house from time
to time is cheese really the kids love
the milks so you can get like chocolate
soy milk chocolate almond milk or
chocolate
shoo milk same vanilla you can get one
without sugar if you're trying to hear
you know cut calories you're trying to
lose weight you can even make your own
milk from from those particular items
and they're all delicious like I really
like the vanilla milk in my tea I have I
don't really miss cow's milk and I've
never really had a craving for cows milk
after and once I looked at where it came
from and how it comes and things that go
through the process it just seems to me
that you know almond milk or soy milk
yet needs to be needs to be the choice
and a lot of them are 40 fortified and
by that you can look at the path package
and you can see how much you need for
you know there's a lot of it maybe 12 in
it a lot of different vitamins in there
as well so I get a lot of my daily
intake of it in b12 just from the soy
milk i have also good levels of protein
soy milk as well cheese is more
difficult and there are chococheese
alternative so you've got like da cheese
but it's got a very particular flavor
and it's not yeah it's nice not we take
this is exactly like cheese it's got the
same consistency and it melts but it's
not got the same flavor ok new cheese
called Chow cheese is almost exactly the
same as cheese but it only comes in
slices right now once they come out with
like a shredded trees then you know I
don't think I'd have a problem yeah at
the end of the day as a parent I want my
children to eat if I can't get my
children to eat the food that I'm making
and it's very rare that they do eat the
food that wrong now I make I have to
compromise so what I've been doing is
I've been putting lots of different
choices on them sorry my phone keeps
going off pull it together man I'll just
throw it a threat over there um it's a
tough one what I've come to the
conclusion is when you're a kid because
you're so active the impact isn't as bad
as when you're my age so like there's
some studies that show that
the the beginnings of heart disease can
show up in children on the Western diet
from as early as 10 so obviously as you
get older the more riskier and my mum
she died she died in her mid-40s so of
cancer and I believe from my research
that that's you can be prevented by my
whole food plant-based diet with
exercise II so for me I'm not so
concerned to my children right now I've
proven to myself from what I eat I can
be healthy and I give my children a
variety what I do is I get head like a
fruit tray and I get a vegetable tray
and usually they nibble on like lots of
different things and then out of like
fake chicken nuggets you know
occasionally they'll go to like their
grandparents and they'll go out for like
McDonald's and stuff like for me I don't
want them to have a childhood where
they're forced into being alienated
because they have this special diet
especially if they don't need it because
it makes it causes them in the media
threat I think it's a parent it's my job
to let them know where it comes from and
hopefully they think about it and make
their own decisions as well as the l a--
has defined herself as vegetarian I
never told her to do that she's just
decided that she's vegetarian she
doesn't like me but she likes cheese and
she seems to understand what she's doing
that's that's all I can do really I'm
not gonna spend everyday shaming my
children or guilt England yeah they're
not doing what I think they should do
you know so basically you kind of tried
to incorporate more healthy options well
that's the same time just making sure
they're eating things this normal
whether that be a vegan or whole food
diet or not yeah yeah um a variety of
different foods and I remember they
don't need to eat as much as us I'd like
to sneak in like beans and you know as I
said a variety of vegetables protein is
important but it I don't think from from
what I've been reading it's quite as
important as we are culturally believed
to be um I said its cultural culturally
believe the Bieber it's still something
I take no of um for my own well-being I
occasionally type in ye into a day into
an app called
chronometer and it will tell you exactly
what the nutrition is what I've
discovered is I can get everything I
need to every day if I really want to I
know and I don't think by any means
we're supposed to get maximum nutrition
every day because I don't think I mean
we kept we had that opportunity if we
want to but I don't think our bodies
have been sort of geared to believe that
that's what we deserve every day I think
you know if we can then maybe we should
but I think it's a rounded off you know
I work yeah I think it's rounded off to
like a monthly basis in terms of body
growth right yeah anyway like when I
first went vegan I was kind of really
anxious about not get not getting the
right amount of protein or whatever and
I thought well I need to test this and
the best way I could test it was by
putting everything into this chronometer
and and I quickly learned that you know
I could reach why I needed to yeah to
reach and all i have to do is eat eat
the calories I would also recommend
doing exercise as well because you read
the calories it puts you over a certain
to our shoulders to harmony is it makes
me look at what i need is calories as
well but it also made me look like where
i need to be active part of the problem
with today is we're eating the wrong
foods and we're also sat sun our couches
all day yes we're not even fighting what
it is we're consuming we're just you
know it's a it's a it's a lose-lose
situation at least good people who were
active who were reading like your
standard Western diet are fighting it
like your body has a chance and studies
show that the people who do do regular
exercise you know that are healthier and
half a body that's a better condition
what I'm trying to do now is I've
started doing more exercise and it just
because I've been reading and I've been
noticing that my weight has has
plateaued right some people assume that
when if you're if you're vegan while
your mail just like evaporate but you
can still eat certain foods which are
high in calories and low and nutrition a
vegan diet really by definition is is
just
avoids the suffering of animals it's not
just about diet it's about trying to
avoid the sufferer to be involved in the
suffering suffering of animals all
together and that is in part with the
diet but there's also like your clothing
does you know the decisions that you
make in terms of buying certain products
that may or may not you know tests on
animals and a lot of people don't
realize that and honestly I didn't think
that much about it when I was like yeah
I'm going begin and I'm like oh I've got
belts and this and I suppose I should be
thinking about that now right so if you
like you can be a plant-based whole food
I and you can you can reap all the
benefits but once you become a
plant-based person you start thinking
about why these people are eating hummus
yeah what's what what's that all about
and then you start to in at least in my
experience have a bit more compassion
for the other Earthlings the other
animals of the planet for sure is that
does that answer your question just
let's just care for your children and
assure all they eat I don't like scold
them if they if they don't eat right
like yeah guys like one of the worst
things is in this the same with anything
with kids if you pressure them enough to
do something they're gonna go the
opposite of it usually yeah but become
though like run off and become hunters
those maybe oh god no no that's good
look why do things yeah you're really i
just want to share i want to be healthy
i want to be useful and you know and I'm
influence my children not only for sure
one thing I heard you mentioning was
about the different milks and how you
can kind of you can make those if you
wanted well that leads me to my next
question which is do you find that
you're spending a significant more
amount of time with making your meals
when it's vegan or vegetarian or is it
similar to what you were doing before
well that's a good question and again I
something I was worried about and it can
it's about being smart and it's about
planning in advance so i have a slow
cooker and it's a large slow cooker and
I one of my favorite meals is chilly so
vegetable chili so I double up I
like right to the top and then I have
you know my family then I freeze the
rest and then I do the same thing that
the next night or maybe a night layer
right it could be a soup or it could be
a different kind of chilly let's say I
do a squash chili which is on my channel
did you don't pull up when you put the
rest in the fridge yeah I love you today
after a while you've got a fridge full
of light extra meals that are all vegan
that you can use any way you could you
could have a baked potato and put the
chili on that you've gotten you know
have different meals in the morning I
have a smoothie right I froley I get a
box of bananas I freeze most of them and
I throw three in a blender I add some
seeds I had some nuts peanut butter my
kids love them so every morning I'm Gabe
giving them if they think he's ice cream
every morning they're getting up when
they're getting a shot of nutrition
through all the nuts you know packed
with omega-3s and whatnot and and they
loved it so I love it I feel I feel
happy that they think they're eating ice
cream and that's the easiest thing in
the world man you just see just banging
that the cherries and the frozen ones
right when the even though they're
frozen they're like frozen at a time
when they're like the most nutritious
and fresh right so yes if you've got
fresh stuff that's cool too but you're
not going to get the ice creamy
consistency right so throw them in I put
in my Newton my milk you can change you
can have vanilla milk and you mix it up
and then my all my family is really
happy like my wife she's like up in the
morning you making this a smoothie I'm
like yeah I got a really good smoothie
maker as well I got a Vitamix the other
day invested if you become vegan you'll
you'll you'll see a lot of people at
harp on about their buy it makes it was
right yeah I factual at the old majors
smoothies is so smooth regulate but
before they were a little bit gritty and
I thought they were good but no it's
like my daughter hates bit right yeah
yeah all bits are annihilated hahaha
yogurt I gotta get one of those yeah but
they're pricey we found one on had like
two hundred dollars off it comes with a
recipe book which is like this thick and
it also comes with the DVD it washes
itself and it cooks
oops how does it wash your life like
who's the engine it blends if it goes so
fast if you leave it in 45 minutes which
some of the recipes suggest it heats
soup up wow that's amazing I haven't
tried that yet like we only got a couple
of days ago but I'm excited to have it
do you answer your question yes I have
to spend a bit of time I can't just keep
keep cooking the same meals over and
over because I've learned we get sick
very quickly and Kayleen my wife she's
got very individual tastes so some some
meals will go down well one week and in
the following read she's like you know I
didn't like this I don't like you as
much of a thought so I've had to keep
trying new things in the hope that you
know she'll like it and I've managed to
build up a collection of different meals
and I've also something that we never
even consider on like I write Western
diet is you can have a whole meal called
a raw meal just eating mangoes I just
have like a whole meal just with mangoes
I love me easing and it's so good for
you and they're so delicious and that's
called raw there's a raw vegan thorough
raw vegans out there that just eat raw
me also feel so in the morning they
could have a smoothie and then in there
in the evening in there the afternoon
know they'll have like maybe a salad or
a bunch of bananas and in the evening
they again have some kind of I've got a
book here actually I've been
experimenting with it a bit more I've
just been learning about it but a lot of
people have this diet called raw till 4
book at the library the other day well
that leads me on to another thing right
if you don't have a lot of money like me
at my poor student I was like I need to
learn stuff about the vegan diet to
learn recipes or for some reason my mind
was automatically like any books so I
went to the library and they did have a
large collection of books which I
borrowed and then I took pictures of the
meals which I still use their in or on
my phone now um but then a lot of the
meals have come from groups that I've
made a lot of friends on Facebook who
are vegans and they share these amazing
meals one of my favorite is
king wah one pot quinoa chili one pot it
takes 20 minutes to make and then it's a
delicious meal yeah so what are a couple
of those facebook groups do you mind
mention them or are they private oh no
no no not private they're not really
groups well let me say this right you
may be part of a group on a vegan page
and I let me tell you this there's a lot
of vegans who who are angry because they
find the situation with what we do to
animals to be intolerable and they
thought about it for a long time so as a
new vegan or someone who is a
plant-based person I would try and just
ignore these people who were angry and
focus on the ones who want to help you
like me I will I will never be angry at
you if you are trying to investigate
becoming a vegan our villa overjoyed but
some people are just very very loud that
they user turn militant and you may be
friends with one of these because you
feel kind of alone there's not many
vegans and maybe your family judge you
because you've made these decisions
you'll reach out to people on facebook
and you become friends with them and
some of these are beautiful people who i
love and knows the people who share
these meals and I saved them in the on
facebook you can click save link I've
got maybe fifty of them now and I've
cooked maybe eight of them I found eight
that I've favorite out there like a
vegan mac and cheese that I made that
Ella likes all old man who doesn't like
it he likes regular mac and cheese so
again that's a compromise so that's what
I do it's my it's my new vegan friends
that share stuff but if anyone watching
us now I'll share those links that I've
got with you and you can benefit from
those because some of them are really
awesome but again every so often i would
put what you eat in a day into
chronometer just to make sure that you
are getting all of your nutrients and
your vitamins and realize you'll notice
that when you do the god that when i
first went vegan there was a bit of a
change like my body was cleansing itself
that are from all the meats that were in
my body and so um basically your stools
become more regular you won't
constipation as much and that's that's a
great thing too but it takes you by
surprise when you first change and so
just be prepared for that over the first
few days but in terms of your original
question it really depends on you you
know if you want to have a plant-based
diet than sure you can you can spend a
lot of time yet when you first change
you will spend a bit of time learning
new foods there's no two ways about that
but what I would recommend you do is at
your local supermarket find where the
veggie oil is there's usually a veggie
section and this usually a few different
process dudes that you would like so
data they start doing pizzas wow these
are really good the did start doing more
of them as I said there's nuggets this
burgers so these processed foods I was
using to sort of fill in the meals so I
had time to learn the new meals yeah
like maybe say in a week i would i would
try and learn three new meals you know
and then i would have like sandwiches
and smaller meals it's about thinking
ahead but if you're going to become a
vegan plant-based person first of all
you have to make that decision and you
have to you have to plan and and not not
waver on that and at one way in order to
do that would be just saying i'm only
gonna do it for a year right after the
year i'm pretty sure that you'll be like
I don't want to go back but saying that
and even saying two different people
saying i'm just experimenting i'm just
experimenting for a year it gets rid of
them being too in-your-face about it
because you're like thinks people can
understand if you're just experimenting
with something but if you just say
totally gone then sometimes yeah you'll
get like people like judging you and
pressuring you in some ways i'm not
saying it was the case just some
sometimes it happens and to say i've
just just okay i noticed i think you're
a negative inverter something yeah i
think it's because it makes them think
about their diet and when you live in a
society which is very pro so our Western
Western diet and it's saturated it's
everywhere you go and veganism is
virtually nowhere
yeah it looks like a very radical it
looks like a very radical thing but if
you like they feel that the slaughtering
of animals for how they feel for no
reason whatsoever is extremely radical
you know and also the milk and where
that comes from is is what they were
considered to be quite radical as well
and to actually just step away from that
and say I don't want to be part of that
at least in that in their view is
there's a fairly sane choice so that
leads me to my next question in a way
that you're easy to say let's go and get
all these different foods and less skin
healthier vegetables and maybe some
specialty made vegetable based processed
foods but would you say that your bills
or your for the grocery shopping has
increased adolphe be based on these
diets or has a kind of plateaued and
state even or just a little bit more how
is it affected your life I've noticed it
depends on what you buy and where you
shop so we have a shop appear called
old-fashioned foods which i believe is
similar to a shop when i was i was
reading a post today someone posted
there's a shutdown in the states which
is called like Whole Foods or something
yeah yeah yeah and and joke was you can
the food is just so ridiculous pense
ridiculously expensive you can spend
like 60 bucks and come out with like
three onions or something that's what
it's like here we have one is called
nature's Emporium yes when you go there
you think well look at all these great
things but then by time you add
everything up you're spending like six
seven hundred dollars for a regular like
two hundred dollar grocery bag of kale
chips is like 15 bucks yeah exactly and
there might be delicious but you can
make them myself I bet you getting your
own cow and shoving them in the oven for
like five minutes or whatever my advice
would be just buy produce if you can and
by the occasional processed foods like
okay like you you might be like oh my
god I feel like I'm just eating grass
well you can buy some cookies which and
a half won every so often which would
sort of ease the transition a little bit
right so everyone likes a tree
occasionally and a vegan is no different
and those are the things that may or may
not be a little bit pricier compared to
you know just your regular fruits and
veg but to answer your question like I
am up I'm a pause I'm a student right
now yeah don't know what we're
supporting three children and we've not
noticed a great deal of difference in
terms of prices if you think about it
cheese it's very expensive meats very
expensive you may even find that you
save a bit of money if you if you plan
like I have if you get a like a crock
pot especially if you've if your
children like those kind of things then
you're feeding like your whole family
for like two meals just for it takes a
bit of time to chop up all the veggies
and stuff but you you say back to the
van you could two to three if you're
just cooking for yourself you could have
like five or six meals yeah just just in
the freezer right and that's perfect you
from the library i got like vegan crock
pot right when i just i just got this
book from the library you were talking
about getting cookies and stuff I'm
excited to look through it but it's a
vegan baking book and it's got like
delicious treats and stuff like that
it's all based on cookies and breads and
everything like that so I think most of
these things or things i like to snack
on so i'm excited to go through this
book and post some videos about some of
these recipes too so that's another
option instead of having to buy things
yeah but the vegetables generally had
quite cheap without a bit of an issue in
canada recently because of the economy
honey it was being like 15 bucks for
like a bushel of asparagus well guess
well baraga sudeikis Lee expensive I
guess guess what I didn't buy asparagus
Nepal eyeball other things mr. fry
didn't have Asperger's in it well this
was growing asparagus in my garden
because it's not spent so that's one
thing I'm doing to compromise the price
is I'm finding out what are the most
expensive vegetables and produce in the
store and I'm just gonna try and grow
those things this year and can things
that I when I grow too much of it and
hopefully have a year supply growing in
my backyard
you can count things as well absolutely
I wish we could have a better have a gun
I've let the start growing my own food
to have a a meal that was all grown from
food with the I crew I would be an
amazing feat and I'm why should i why
should it be why why why all right and
it's such a simple thing sometimes
people be like I'll show them the things
I've grown and they're like how did you
do like caviar for this I make all you
do is water it like you really don't
have to do much like fertilize it water
and then you have all these things I
save tons of money yeah and really if
you've got a garden it would be a nice
little hobby to have you know I really
enjoy is bearing it did you my mum when
I looked at home that it used to have a
greenhouse and used to like grow their
own raspberries in tomatoes and I never
really thought twice about it just
something that my parents did you know
what now I'm like that is an amazing
idea hey grow my own tomorrow's I'm
Keuka and then I'm gonna eat them and be
like oh my goodness this is so great and
they're so good other and they're
completely free from any pesticides or
anything like that I grow my own yeah
people like I watch my stuff it's my own
organic produce I'll have you and you
can't have any i'll sell it to you for
10 bucks okay so my next question for
you would be um since switching over
you've been doing it for nine months now
right yeah those swift's it's switching
over to this vegan whole foods type of
lifestyle do you find that you've gained
more energy throughout the day or has it
been the same or less or how's that been
your energy levels well it's been a
while now and I can't really I can't
honestly tell you if there's been any
difference between like my day-to-day
energy but I can tell you that last year
when I ran I got tired very easily and
this year when I ran I had so much more
stamina just from the third like there
was though several months in between the
two times I run and I had so much more
stamina like I could I could go for
much longer and what I thought about why
that would be and when you stop eating
animal products you stop putting that
cholesterol in your veins which makes
your veins smaller right and I figured
if you stop eating it then your veins
will probably open up a bit more allow
blood to travel oxygen more freely so I
was like well maybe I'm just getting
more oxygen to my heart and to my brain
and that's what's giving me a bit of
extra stamina that's interesting yeah
and I found that with other exercises
too I just don't get that really chest
tight like winded feeling that I used to
when I would exercise and part of that
would would actually make me not want to
exercise because it was a painful
experience but since going vegan when I
do do exercise it's never like that
really it's never that uncomfortable I
like usually yeah but and I think that
might have something to do with with how
my blood work is now yeah but I like to
stay up late and my kids get me up super
early so what my problem is a little bit
tired oh yeah and maybe my um maybe my
veganism is just harming me to deal with
that bit better yeah it's difficult to
say what are the pits my energy I've
noticed um well what this is someone was
saying the first sign that you have of
like heart disease is something that
happens in in you get affected in
certain areas and when you when you
change to a vegan diet you notice some
changes in that area or a bit more and I
don't know if I basically it's like if
you are having problems connecting to
your partner in some ways being vegan
opens opens you up a bit more as I was
saying because your veins are open a bit
more how to explain this is it's kind of
like an adult concept and I don't want
to go into it into too much detail but
if you are having problem
sir dysfunction if you have heart
disease that that's the first time it
shows and if you go vegan often this
situation is reversed and I found that a
little bit in relation to me as well
that's those kind of things have
improved also and if you want to know
more about that the knives / forks over
knives talks more in detail about deadly
right hmm so if you're wondering more
about what Garrett's talking about there
you could feel free to go check that out
too it's a documentary on netflix i
would recommend three find topics
specials for for the death like for me
there's like three like prongs of the
vegan fork and the first one is like
human health which is very well touched
upon by forks over knives that the
second one is Farmageddon which goes
into like the environmental impacts of
the current Western diet in terms of
like how the cows are kept and what or
what like heavily produced mass farming
is doing to the environment and the
third one is called Earthlings and it
goes very much into how the animals are
trapped and you know the moral
implications of carrying on doing
something to the animals without really
considering their own well-being I would
recommend watching all three of those
and then maybe you can consider where
you sit which is most important to you
because ice tired on sort forks over
knives and then I kind of it's almost
like the other two are just import as
important to me now as the original one
cool but i'll even go as far to say as
we live in a bit of a selfish society so
a lot of people go come to figure nism
because they're looking for the health
benefits for themselves first and you
know i did that for myself I think
that's sure that's exactly the reason I
want to start into is is purely selfish
reasons i'm not thinking we want to
start this because i care about the
animals which in turn what i found even
myself i'm starting to think more like
oh wow like Gareth and I are friends on
Facebook and things like this as well
and some of the things that he shared
I've washed and thought to myself wow
this is
crazy never realized these things are
going to place to give me hamburger or
this type of me or fast food options so
once you start to get into it you really
start to see the bigger picture but for
sure I started off for selfish reasons
yeah and the log vegans I just want to
say a lot of vegan still say I'm vegan
for the animals and I always have them
don't allow yourself to be shamed for
people who say that I'll let you what
you're doing is just as good as what
they're doing and and don't like I've
wasted my time trying to justify who I
am and what I do there's vegans who say
if you've got children the new you're
not really a vegan right they call you
and if you've got children you should
just sort of step away from that
argument because that they're not really
interested in veganism per se they're
interested in salt spreading their own
agenda now just I would just be cautious
of that and just remain on your own path
yeah that's gained account reversal I
was I was trying to make a point though
but I kind of lost it halfway through my
spirit that's the worst when it happens
so i garrotted if you could give us a
couple of tips to maybe help us on our
journeys what would you say would be
some of the most valued tips that you
have well what's kept me on my journey
is found find some support like a friend
it could be a facebook friend who you
can talk to maybe a small community stay
with positive people keep away from
negative people because it's a it's an
emotional journey um and you will you
will experience negativity and the more
positive to you have the easier is to
deal with the negative side of it and
I'll be honest with you when you first
go into it after a couple of months
you'll feel like you'll be feeling a big
shock because of how things are and
that's when you need to lean on these
friends the most is when you're going
through this kind of schlock are you
getting and cleansed out of the system
but you're also if you're almost
becoming enlightened to some of the
things which are going on which big
corporations would prefer you
think about don't worry if you make a
mistake there's so much animal product
in everything you have to take a while
to learn how to read like the back of
the other recipe you have to you have to
know where it's hidden and that takes
time and occasionally you might eat some
cheese and maybe someone might see you
eat some cheese and be like you're
eating cheese forgive yourself and keep
on your path right you know even if at
first you do accidentally deliberately
so you mean to me because you craving it
so much it just try to keep on that path
you know there's no point in holding in
the Guild's that's not going to get you
in anywhere but if you have accidentally
there's no shame in that if you if you
begin to eat me again and you're aware
of that and that makes it more difficult
to stay on the path for what's been
integral to me is sticking with the
decision having my wife as as a support
having some friends online of support
and planning a bit being like looking at
these recipes and being like I really
like that I'm gonna try that this week
and try to do stuff which is a little
bit familiar to what you're already
eating to start with and that'll ease it
a little bit you know that I'll use your
transition a bit more pressure but
that's that's I can't think of anything
else so that's great great tips maybe
keep watching documentaries one of my
favorite youtubers as a doctor I think
is called doctor dr. Gregor and his
youtube site is nutritionfacts.org I
love that guy all of his videos are
amazing and he does like he does a video
every year talking about how nutrition
can combat certain illnesses like any
there was like the top 20 of like top 20
American problems that they have right
now and he would like go through
everyone and say what nutrition can do
to reverse this or fight this and it was
very inspirational he's recently come
out with a book that i want to buy it's
called how to live eatin or something
like that great title yeah another one
is
joel Fuhrman eat to live he said that
one in the library as well as lucky to
live it's inspiring but he's also been
generous enough to give us a cookbook of
the things that he likes to eat so this
is another one of my favorites because
all of the meals are really good but
they're also really nutritional and he
has like the information at the bottom
by perturbing protein carbohydrates fat
so you know eases some of that anxiety
maybe download the app chronometer I
think it's like three bucks and you can
you can watch what you eat and can
improve your health that way if you like
me and you're like nearing methylation
you wanting to prevent some diseases
like me you might have I like my mom
died of cancer my dad's got diabetes and
my granddad died of stroke and my dad my
other granddad had lung cancer you might
start worrying about some of these
issues because you're like God doesn't
feel like I might just be cursed that's
when you could go vegan some of those
anxieties just kind of disappear because
the statistics show the vegans right
leaning on a Whole Foods plant-based
diet live the longest so think you're
being a little active in a sense yeah I
don't feel like I'm likely to die the
same time a mum did not saying I
definitely one you know cancer isn't
purely diet based there are different
definitely different things that you can
get you know um but it's a large
contributor and if you can you can use
diet to prevent it and I feel that you
should yeah um yeah look for support and
just keep on the path and you'll feel
better like every day awesome well
thanks Gareth for taking the time to
come and do this video chat with me it
has been helpful for me and I'm sure
everyone that's watching there's trying
to figure this stuff out it's been
really helpful for them too if you guys
want to check out Gareth channel it's
going vegan ah the link for it in the
description so you can go check it out
and Gareth is a really cool guy and
he'll be super happy to respond to
comments and things like that if you
guys had a question he's got his recipes
there he's got like updates of his
journey as he goes along medical
appointment updates and stuff like that
is really cool so if you're thinking
about going vegan or switched into a
whole foods diet or something like this
check out his channel he's going to have
lots of great tips for you there great
thanks Gareth thanks
